# Subsea 7 S.A. (SUBC.OL)
# primary source: annual-report.pdf  (236 pages)

[page 1]
Annual Report 2025
Annual Report 2025

[page 3]
DELIVERING 
SUST AINABLE 
VALUE FOR OUR 
ST AKEHOLDERS
Contents
01
Strategic Report
At a Glance 2
Chairman’s Statement 4
Our World 6
Chief Executive Officer’s Review 8
Our Strategy 10
Our Operations 12
Regional Overview 16
Case Study: Norway 18
Our Markets 20
Business Unit Financial Review 22
Sustainability 24
Our People 28
Risk Management Overview 30
02
Governance
Governance Overview 48
Board of Directors 50
Executive Management Team 52
Corporate Governance Report 54
Remuneration Report 65
03
Sustainability Statements
Introduction 72
General Disclosures 73
Environmental Disclosures 81
Social Disclosures 97
Governance Disclosures 115
Appendix 122
Limited Assurance Report on 
Sustainability Information 127
04
Consolidated Financial 
Statements
Financial Review 130
Consolidated 
Financial Statements 138
05
Subsea 7 S.A. Financial 
Statements
Subsea 7 S.A. 
Financial Statements 215
06
Other Information
Glossary 229
Supplementary Information 231
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 1

[page 4]
AT A GLANCE
Our vision
To make possible the global delivery of offshore energy for today and tomorrow.
Our strategy
We create sustainable value by delivering offshore energy transition 
solutions, building subsea infrastructure to move electrons and molecules.
 Continuous evolution of lower-carbon oil and gas
We design and install subsea systems that leverage enabling products, 
digitalisation and lower-carbon-intensity solutions. We create value for our 
clients by accelerating field developments and optimising field economics.
 Enabling the growth of renewables and emerging energy
We deliver projects in offshore wind and carbon capture and storage, and 
we integrate energy systems through electrification. We perform studies that 
support our long-term strategic positioning in floating wind and hydrogen.
How we ‘make possible’
We have a long track record of delivering complex projects, leveraging 
strong expertise and experience, as well as our modern, capable fleet.
We have six key differentiators that support our strategy:
•
 Early engagement and system innovation
•
 Collaboration and partnerships
•
 Integrated services
•
 Sustainable delivery
•
 Digital solutions
•
 Enabling products
Our business units
Subsea7 reports financial results for three business units:
Subsea and Conventional
Focused on oil and gas and CCS, operating under the Subsea7 brand
Renewables
Focused on fixed offshore wind and including our early-stage 
strategy in floating wind. It operates under the Seaway7 brand
Corporate
Including our autonomous subsidiaries Xodus and 4Subsea
SUBSEA7 AT A GLANCE
13,821
People
33
Countries
80
Projects completed in 2025
8,000+
Suppliers
38
Vessels at year end
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 20252
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS


[page 5]
‘Global enabler’ rigid pipelay vessels 
2025 financial performance
Order intake
$9.0bn
Revenue
$7 .1bn
Adjusted EBITDA
$1,480m
Net income
$404m
2024: $217m
Net cash/(debt)
$21m
2024: $(602)m
Free cash flow
$1,190m
2024: $583m
Liquidity
$1.6bn
2024: $1.3bn
Seven Vega
Built in 2020
Rigid pipe diameter: 4”–20”
Type: Reel-lay
Seven Oceans
Built in 2007
Rigid pipe diameter: 6”–16”
Type: Reel-lay
Seven Borealis
Built in 2012
Rigid pipe diameter: 4”–46”
Type: S-lay, J-lay
Seven Navica
Built in 1999
Rigid pipe diameter: 2”–16”
Type: Reel-lay
1.0 7.92025
1.4 6.62024
Subsea and Conventional Renewables 
1.2 5.82025
1.25.52024
2021,3052025
1858972024
Graphics exclude the Corporate business unit
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 3
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY


[page 6]
Subsea7 delivered strong results in 2025, with Group 
revenue of $7.1 billion, up 4% year-on-year, and Adjusted 
EBITDA of $1.5 billion, up 36%. The improvement in margin 
to 21% from 16% in the prior year was driven by both excellent 
operational performance in executing our portfolio of projects, 
and the continued shift in the composition of our backlog 
towards contracts won in a more favourable environment.
In 2025, the Group continued to emphasise the importance 
of cash generation and balance sheet strength, ensuring we 
retain the flexibility and agility to seize opportunities, while 
safeguarding shareholder value through the cycle. I was 
pleased with the cash conversion of 1.1 times in 2025 and, 
with net cash at year end of $21 million, the Group’s 
financial position is robust.
In 2025, the Group maintained its selective approach 
to bidding for new work in order to preserve our future 
financial performance. With the strong demand for our 
services, our backlog touched a new record high of nearly 
$14 billion during the year.
Positioning for the next decade in energy
Over the past year, society at large and energy 
stakeholders specifically have adopted an approach to the 
energy transition which is more in line with the underlying 
realities. This has been reflected in our clients’ strategies 
which acknowledge the need to continue developing 
hydrocarbon resources as part of the broad mix to meet 
the growth in global energy demand.
At the same time, our clients remain committed to 
capital discipline, balance sheet strength, and their own 
shareholder returns. Thus recent volatility in commodity 
prices and cash flow generation has driven greater 
selectivity from our clients, prioritising developments 
that offer the strongest returns.
This reaffirms our long-standing strategy to focus on 
the economically attractive deepwater subsea market. 
The renewed emphasis on exploration and appraisal to 
replenish deepwater reserves supports our confidence 
in the long-term outlook for both greenfield and tie-back 
developments. While some offshore wind markets have 
undergone restructuring, the need and drive for renewable 
energy remains clear.
Our worldwide operations can be affected by factors 
which are subject to change every day, including politics 
and regulatory regimes, war and terrorism, epidemics and 
natural catastrophes, as well as the economy and foreign 
exchange rates. Some of these are beyond our control 
and, historically, complete stability has never occurred 
in the energy sector. Such risks are shared with our clients 
and suppliers as best we can through protection in our 
contracts. Our ability to anticipate and manage these 
possible risks, and to adapt to new challenges as they 
occur, is important to our success.
A transformative merger
Subsea7 has been an active consolidator, bringing together 
the skills and experience of around 30 companies, through 
mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures, to create a leading 
player in the subsea industry. In 2025, we announced the 
next phase of this journey: the proposed merger of equals 
with Saipem to create Saipem7. Our vision is simple – to 
create a global leader in energy services, equipped with 
the scale and resources to address our clients’ requirements 
for larger and more complex deepwater development 
projects in the coming decades. By combining the 
complementary strengths of both companies, Saipem7 
will offer its clients a fleet of approximately 60 specialist 
vessels, the expertise of over 40,000 people across more 
than 60 countries incorporating a comprehensive range of 
offshore and onshore services, and the financial capacity 
to deliver multi-billion dollar developments.
The Board’s confidence in the proposed merger was 
validated by our shareholders, who voted emphatically 
in support of the transaction at our Extraordinary General 
Meeting in September 2025, with 99% of votes in favour. 
This included approval of the return of €555 million in 
special dividends before merger completion. Shareholders 
will also benefit from annualised synergies of over 
€300 million from 2029, a more efficient capital 
expenditure programme, and greater scale in both 
equity and debt markets.
Leveraging technology for 
enhanced project delivery
While we navigate the process of obtaining regulatory 
clearances for the transaction, the Board remains focused 
on the successful delivery of projects. In 2025, the Group 
completed 80 projects valued at $22 billion covering a 
range of complex developments in challenging offshore 
environments. With this momentum continuing into 2026, 
the Group will continue to push performance by leveraging 
innovation to optimise solutions and ensure reliability 
for clients.
KRISTIAN SIEM
CHAIRMAN
TO THE 
SHAREHOLDERS OF 
SUBSEA 7 S.A.
CHAIR’S STATEMENT
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 20254
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS


[page 7]
Subsea7 has long fostered a culture of innovation, 
demonstrated by its portfolio of nearly 2,000 patents. 
While many represent incremental enhancements in the 
continued evolution of our offering, others have a more 
significant impact on the outcomes for our clients. Among 
the most notable successes in 2025 was the introduction 
of advanced software that extends the window of operability 
of our vessels, allowing us to offer greater availability and 
flexibility to our clients. Increasing the uptime of our flagship 
deepwater pipelay vessel, Seven Vega, by over 10%, this 
software is just one example of our drive for continued 
performance enhancement.
Evolution of sustainability reporting
The Annual Report for 2025 represents the Group’s 
second year of disclosures within the Corporate Sustainability 
Reporting Directive (CSRD) framework. While the first year 
of reporting naturally required a huge effort from our senior 
management team, as well as our strategy, sustainability 
and finance functions, the process remained onerous this 
year. Representing an extra 60 pages of disclosures, the 
2025 sustainability statements have involved an incremental 
12,000 manhours across the organisation. I welcome the 
EU’s current initiative to streamline European Sustainability 
Reporting Standards (ESRS), aiming to help companies 
produce sustainability statements that are clearer, more 
concise and easier for investors and stakeholders to relate 
to, while reducing the burden on the industry.
Shareholder returns
Subsea7 returned $376 million in the form of ordinary 
cash dividends to shareholders in 2025 and intends to 
return $400 million in 2026. In addition, before merger 
completion, the Group will return the aforementioned 
€555 million of special dividends. Together these represented 
approximately 13% of the market capitalisation of Subsea7 as 
at 25 February 2026.
The $3 billion already returned since 2012 underscores our 
consistent focus on creating long-term shareholder value 
and the strong alignment between the Board and our owners.
My thanks
I would like to express my appreciation to the 14,000 
colleagues whose efforts and expertise were key to achieving 
another year of strong operational and financial performance. 
I am also thankful for the relationships we maintain with our 
clients that, above all, are crucial to the safe delivery of 
complex projects in challenging offshore environments. 
Finally, I would like to express my appreciation for the 
support of our shareholders, both as we continue to 
execute the strategy of Subsea7, and for their strong 
endorsement of our vision for the creation of a new 
global leader in energy services. We look forward to 
an exciting future for Subsea7.
Kristian Siem
Chairman
25 February 2026
Safety
Our goal is an incident-free workplace. We work 
every day, everywhere to make sure all our people 
are safe.
Integrity
We apply the highest ethical standards in everything 
we do. We treat clients, our people, partners and 
suppliers fairly and with respect.
Sustainability
We take a proactive approach towards our social 
responsibilities, mitigate the impact of our activities 
on our planet’s environment and respond to the 
effects of climate change.
Performance
We are driven to achieve the outcomes our clients 
want. We are trusted to achieve superior performance 
from every project.
Collaboration
We work closely and openly together with clients, 
partners and suppliers at a local and global level 
to deliver safer and stronger results for all.
Innovation
We create smarter and simpler solutions to meet 
the industry’s needs. We combine technology, 
expertise, assets and partnerships to deliver 
projects in new ways.
Our values
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 5
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY


[page 8]
OUR WORLD
OUR WORLD
Subsea7 creates sustainable value by delivering the offshore energy 
transition solutions the world needs.
Continuous evolution of  
lower-carbon oil and gas
We design and install subsea systems that 
leverage enabling products, digitalisation and 
lower-carbon-intensity solutions. We create 
value for our clients by accelerating field 
development and optimising field economics.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 20256
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 9]
Lower-carbon oil and gas
Carbon capture 
and storage
Fixed and floating wind
Hydrogen
Enabling the growth of renewables and emerging energy
We deliver projects in offshore wind and carbon capture and storage, 
and we integrate energy systems through electrification. We perform studies 
that support our long-term strategic positioning in floating wind and hydrogen.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 7
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 10]
In 2025, Subsea7 delivered strong operational and financial 
performance with revenue of $7.1 billion and Adjusted 
EBITDA of $1.5 billion, a margin of 20.9%. While our 
exposure to predominately late-cycle sectors of the energy 
industry meant it took time to fully high-grade the backlog 
during this upturn, we closed the year with an order book 
approaching $14 billion of high-quality projects, providing 
excellent visibility on the years ahead. These strong results 
reflect not only our success in securing attractive work but 
also the dedication of our onshore and offshore teams in 
safely and reliably delivering for clients, guided by Subsea7’s 
core Values: Safety, Integrity, Sustainability, Performance, 
Collaboration, and Innovation.
Subsea and Conventional achieved its fifth consecutive 
year of growth with revenue rising by 5% to $5.8 billion 
and an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 22.6%, up from 16.3% 
in 2024. This strong performance reflects a balanced 
market environment: deepwater development remains 
highly attractive to clients while improved contract conditions 
allow Subsea7 to continue to improve its return on capital. 
In 2025, our activity encompassed a range of deepwater 
projects including major greenfield projects in Brazil, 
strategic gas developments in Türkiye, and tie-back 
solutions in regions such as the US. Norway was an 
especially active region for Subsea and Conventional 
work this year as we advanced a portfolio of developments 
for Aker BP – more details of which can be found on pages 
18 to 19.
Our Renewables business also reported solid results in 
2025 marking a third year of progress, with growth in 
Adjusted EBITDA of 9% and a margin of 16.6%, up from 
15.0% last year. The continual improvement in margins since 
2022 reflects the decisive action we took to become more 
selective in our bidding strategy, combined with a strong 
execution performance, leveraging our fleet of modern, 
adaptable vessels. Our efforts remain centred on a number 
of experienced developers in Europe and Taiwan with 
whom we have a solid track record, and where funding is 
secured and the regulatory environment is well understood.
Strong cash generation and a robust 
balance sheet
Subsea7 generated operating cash flow of $1.5 billion 
in 2025, which, after capital expenditure of $281 million, 
resulted in free cash flow of $1.2 billion. The primary focus 
of our organic reinvestment was the maintenance of our 
modern fleet of vessels to ensure optimal performance in 
the busy years ahead, and to maximise their lifespan and 
our return on investment. In addition, we remained committed 
to returning capital to shareholders, with $376 million paid 
in the form of dividends in 2025.
Overall net debt reduced by $622 million during the year, 
resulting in a year-end net cash balance of $21 million, 
including $365 million lease liabilities mainly related to vessel 
charters. This leaves the Group in characteristically 
solid financial health.
Executing our differentiated strategy
In 2025, the Group remained focused on delivering the 
benefits of our well-embedded strategy, which utilises 
our six differentiators to unlock value for both our clients 
and our shareholders. Each principle (Early Engagement, 
Integrated Services, Digital Solutions, Collaborations and 
Partnerships, Sustainable Delivery and Enabling Products, 
as explained on pages 10 to 11) has played a part in our 
success in 2025. Our differentiators have enabled us to 
win high-quality work, achieve optimal execution, and 
reinforce strong relationships with key clients. This has 
been showcased in our activity in Norway, which accounted 
for over $1 billion of revenue in 2025 and which saw us 
deploy a full array of technologies including both rigid 
and flexible pipes, umbilicals and pipeline bundles. These 
projects reinforced the benefits to both client and solution 
provider of an alliance relationship that enables long-term 
resource planning and supply chain management, and 
fosters a culture of innovation.
During the year, we continued to advance technologies 
that strengthen our offering in subsea solutions. As 
discussed on page 20, we rolled out a digital management 
tool developed by our 4Subsea business, which allows 
greater operational uptime of our vessels. This contributed 
an additional 35 days of operational availability to our 
flagship vessel, Seven Vega.
JOHN EVANS
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
DELIVERING 
VALUE THROUGH 
OPERATIONAL 
EXCELLENCE
CEO REVIEW
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 20258
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS


[page 11]
We also continued to push the industry’s operating 
envelope, unlocking resources in the US with reservoir 
pressures of up to 20,000 psi (‘20K’). In 2025, we 
successfully engineered, fabricated and installed rigid 
pipeline for our third such ultra high-pressure field – 
Beacon’s Shenandoah project – and set a new record for 
reel-lay installation. More details of our 20K successes are 
discussed on page 20. The repeat orders we continue to 
receive from blue-chip clients endorse our technology 
strategy and reinforce Subsea7’s position at the forefront 
of advancement in the energy industry.
Continued growth from a position of strength
From the low levels of 2020 to the healthy state of the 
industry in 2025, Subsea7 has benefited from an upcycle 
in the deepwater market, alongside growth in offshore wind. 
While the ‘stronger for longer’ mantra may be well-worn, 
today’s industry dynamics support this view of our industry 
more than ever. 
While regulatory clearance for the proposed merger 
with Saipem is still in progress, management remains 
firmly committed to delivering ongoing projects to clients, 
continuing to secure new high-quality contracts, and 
motivating our workforce. With a strong backlog of nearly 
$14 billion, of which approximately $7 billion is expected 
to be executed in 2026, we have high visibility on anticipated 
revenue this year of approximately $7.0 to 7.4 billion. We 
expect our Adjusted EBITDA margin to continue to improve 
and reach approximately 22% in 2026. With a disciplined 
approach to reinvestment, we plan capital expenditure 
of $350 to 380 million in 2026, yielding significant cash 
generation. Overall, I am confident that the resilience of 
the energy market, combined with our differentiated 
offering and our strong track record of delivery, 
continues to position Subsea7 for success. 
My thanks go to all our colleagues around the world for 
their dedication and commitment throughout 2025. It has 
been a year of significant achievement, and their focus 
has been central to the Group’s accomplishments. 
John Evans
Chief Executive Officer
A differentiated offering
• Positioned in structural growth energy markets of 
today and tomorrow.
•
 A full suite of subsea and offshore wind 
solutions to move hydrocarbon molecules and 
electrons subsea.
•
 World-class fleet of high-specification 
enabling vessels.
•
 Subsea Integration Alliance with OneSubsea to 
provide industry-leading subsea umbilicals, risers 
and flowlines (SURF) and subsea production 
systems (SPS) integrated offering.
Proven track record of delivery
• Robust project execution delivering large and 
complex energy projects.
•
 Track record of strong project execution 
across the globe, managing a supply chain of 
over 8,000 suppliers.
•
 Creating value and unlocking developments 
through early engagement and customer alliances.
Financial performance
• $14 billion backlog of high-quality projects with 
resilient economics provides visibility on 2026 
and beyond.
•
 High visibility on revenue for 2026, and on track 
to achieve an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 
approximately 22%, up from 21% in 2025. 
•
 Balance sheet strength, with net cash of $21 million,
 
provides client and investor assurance.
Shareholder returns
• Shareholder returns underpinned by high cash 
generation in 2026 and beyond.
•
 Use of excess cash assessed annually by the Board.
•
 Track record of delivering capital returns, with over 
$3 billion returned since 2012.
Investment case
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 9
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY


[page 12]
ENABLING PRODUCTS – EHTF
Our Electrically Heat-Traced Flowlines (EHTFs) enable longer tie-backs, reducing the need 
for surface facilities in the development of satellite resources.
find  out  more  about  the  ehtf  here
Early engagement and system innovation
We bring our clients supplier-led solutions during the early phase 
of development, including state-of-the-art technology and innovation, 
enabling optimisation of field architecture. We work with the supply 
chain and our own fleet schedules to secure capacity and guarantee 
project schedules. Use of our carbon estimator tool can reduce a 
development’s carbon footprint by optimising the volume of steel 
and vessel utilisation. A deep understanding of the project challenges 
allows us to collaborate with all stakeholders to mitigate risk. Overall, 
we help our clients optimise their capital expenditure and life-of-field 
operating expenses to improve breakeven oil price economics. We 
achieve this with our Field Development Group of engineers and 
experts from key disciplines across the Group, as well as through 
Xodus, our autonomous subsidiary that provides consulting services.
Integrated services
Subsea7 offers integrated subsea umbilicals, risers and flowlines 
(SURF) and subsea production systems (SPS) solutions through 
Subsea Integration Alliance (SIA), our partnership with OneSubsea. 
Integration offers clients cost efficiency, streamlined operations, 
enhanced project execution and improved overall performance. 
Reflecting its success, the alliance has been awarded contracts 
worth over $8 billion since inception. In 2025, Subsea Integration 
Alliance signed its first contract within its new global integrated 
framework agreement with bp, for its Ginger field in Trinidad and 
Tobago. Building on a long-standing successful relationship, the 
global agreement establishes a new way of working that enables 
system-level optimisation through increased transparency and 
early engagement.
Digital solutions
Subsea7’s digitalisation strategy focuses on early engagement and 
project delivery. Ocean Plan is a proprietary platform that helps us 
accelerate and optimise developments using a catalogue of products 
to build virtual field architectures. It allows clients to assess capital 
expenditure, operating costs and emissions for various scenarios 
and field designs. During the delivery phase, we use product 
catalogues, automated engineering workflows and collaborative 
deliverable management software to improve the control, speed and 
efficiency of our project delivery. We use data-driven decision-making 
to optimise our planning and our vessel operability to maximise our 
productivity and deliver predictable performance to our clients. 
We collate the data we generate throughout the project lifecycle 
to enable streamlined handover to operations and continuous 
organisational learning.  
OUR DIFFERENTIA TORS
OUR STRATEGY
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202510
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 13]
Collaboration and partnerships
Collaboration is a core Value of Subsea7. We have a long-term track 
record of working together to address the challenges of delivering 
solutions for complex projects. We draw on the expertise of our 
engineers, experience of our project and supply chain managers 
and our high
-
specification, modern fleet of vessels.
This is reflected in the success of alliances with companies such as 
Aker BP, bp and Equinor, and close collaboration with Shell, Chevron, 
several independent exploration and production companies and SSE 
Renewables. There is an increasing trend of clients coming directly to 
Subsea7 to sole
-
source their developments to minimise the tendering 
process, accelerate developments and achieve first production or first 
power sooner.
Sustainable delivery
Sustainable delivery prioritises the material areas that create value 
for Subsea7 and its stakeholders. We communicate our sustainability 
through three pillars: i) Solutions for the world’s energy needs, focused 
on delivering offshore energy for today and tomorrow and addressing 
our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions; ii) Safety and people including 
health and safety, talent attraction, development and retention, 
and diversity and inclusion (D&I); iii) Acting responsibly, centred 
on maintaining high standards of behaviour and ensuring compliance 
with legal and regulatory requirements, promoting transparency 
and accountability, and fostering a strong culture of integrity. 
These pillars are designed to help Subsea7 contribute positively 
to≈the global sustainability agenda while achieving long-term value 
creation for the business and its stakeholders.
Enabling products
Subsea7’s strategy of enabling products focuses on delivering 
innovative and cost-effective solutions, leveraging extensive experience 
and technical expertise. These products include advanced riser 
and flowline systems, subsea processing, flow control and metering 
solutions as well as digital solutions for enhanced operational efficiency. 
Subsea7’s enabling products are designed to improve project execution, 
reduce costs and ensure the integrity and reliability of offshore 
installations. By integrating these products into our offerings, Subsea7 
aims to provide clients with comprehensive solutions that address the 
challenges of complex energy projects, ultimately driving value and 
sustainability in the offshore energy sector. An example of our 
enabling products, bundle pipelines, is outlined below.
ENABLING PRODUCTS – BUNDLE PIPELINES
In 2025, Subsea7 launched two bundle pipelines for Aker BP’s Yggdrasil field. 
watch  the  launch  from  our  wick , uk  base  here
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 11
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 14]
DELIVERING INCREASED 
PROFITABILITY
OUR OPERATIONS
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026
$0.3bn
$0.5bn
$0.6bn
$0.7bn
$1.1bn
$1.5bn
9.7%
10.4%
10.9%
12.0%
15.9%
20.9%
Guidance
~22%
Adjusted EBITDA
Consensus
Margin
$1.6bn
Over the past five years, Subsea7’s Adjusted 
EBITDA has grown to $1.5 billion in 2025 
from $0.3 billion in 2020. Around 80% 
of≈the improvement related to Subsea 
and Conventional, while 20% came from 
our Renewables business unit. 
This growth was driven by both the volume and quality of 
our projects, as well as our continued focus on operational 
efficiency. Despite the improvement, our return on capital 
employed, at 9%, remained below our weighted average 
cost of capital, but we expect positive momentum to 
continue, supported by our $14 billion backlog as well 
as active tendering on a strong portfolio of future 
opportunities.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 202512
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 15]
Between 2020 and 2022, a greater appetite for development activity by our clients 
was evident in our increasing backlog. In addition, since 2022, the pricing and terms 
and conditions of our contracts have also been rebalanced, high-grading the quality 
of our backlog today.
Renewables
Backlog progression by quarter ($bn)
•
 High backlog and visibility
•
 $5.7 billion for execution in 2026
•
 Selective bidding since 2022
•
 $1.2 billion for execution in 2026
3.8
8.1
7.0
8.5 9.0
Year
end
20
Year
end
21
Year
end
22
Year
end
23
Year
end
24
Year
end
25
11.7
2.0
0.8
1.3
2.0 2.1
Year
end
20
Year
end
21
Year
end
22
Year
end
23
Year
end
24
Year
end
25
2.1
Our pipeline of prospects expected to be tendered 
in the coming year remains high at over $25 billion. 
In Subsea and Conventional, clients continue to prioritise investment 
of economically advantaged deepwater developments.
In Renewables, the long-term outlook was helped by the UK’s 
allocation round 7, which should support demand for offshore 
wind installation capacity in 2029 and 2030.
Subsea and Conventional
Backlog progression by quarter ($bn)
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 13
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 16]
CONTINUED MOMENTUM 
ACROSS THE GLOBE
OUR OPERATIONS
NORTH AND CENTRAL AMERICA
EUROPE
7%
In 2025, Subsea7 announced 22 new awards totalling 
$7.0 billion. Our backlog of $13.8 billion spans 24 
countries and encompasses work for over 30 clients. 
Enabling the execution of these projects is our workforce of 13,821 people, 
including 3,000 engineers and 5,500 offshore project and marine crew. 
Our teams bring together colleagues of 111 nationalities, based in 33 
countries, working together to deliver our projects safely and efficiently, 
and creating value for our clients. Read more details about Our People 
on page 28.
Backlog by project size at the time of award:
 $150–300m
 $300–500m
 $500–750m
 $750m–$1.25bn
 $1.25bn+
visit our  website  to  see  more  details  
of  what  we  do  and  where  we  operate
SOUTH AMERICA
35%
BACKLOG: BRAZIL
$4.5bn
In 2025, Subsea7 won the SURF contract for 
Búzios 11. Our Brazilian portfolio includes 9 projects, 
including both EPCI and day-rate contracts. See 
page 16 for more details.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 202514
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 17]
EUROPE
ASIA AND AUSTRALIA
AFRICA AND MIDDLE EAST
11%
41%
6%
BACKLOG: NORWAY
$2. 1bn
In 2025, Subsea7 was awarded six new contracts in 
Norway ranging from $50 to 500 million for both EPCI 
scopes as well as inspection, repair and maintenance (IRM). 
More details of our Norwegian operations are on pages 18 
and 19. 
BACKLOG: TÜRKIYE
$1.7bn
In 2025, Subsea7 was awarded a third 
major subsea project for the Sakarya 
gas development. See page 16 for 
more details. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 15
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 18]
OUR GLOBAL OPERATIONS
REGIONAL OVERVIEW
 BRAZIL
  TÜRKIYE
In 2025, Brazil represented 24% of 
Subsea7’s revenue, reflecting progress 
on six major EPCI projects, for Petrobras 
and Equinor, as well as the charter by 
Petrobras of four pipelay support vessels 
(PLSVs).
This portfolio of projects, representing over 
30% of Group backlog at year end, supports a 
large engineering and project management team 
in Rio de Janeiro, as well as a spoolbase at Ubu.
During the year, Subsea7 delivered first oil on 
Bacalhau, Equinor’s largest offshore field outside 
Norway with a production capacity of more than 
1 billion barrels of oil equivalent. The project was 
awarded to Subsea Integration Alliance in June 2021 
following front-end engineering and design by 
the alliance to optimise the development solution. 
It encompassed 140 kilometres of rigid risers and 
flowlines, as well as umbilicals and trees, in water 
depths of 2,050 metres and utilised Seven Vega, 
Seven Pacific, Seven Cruzeiro and Seven Merlin. 
In 2026, Subsea7 will progress the four other 
EPCI projects currently in the Brazilian backlog, 
Mero 4, Búzios 8, Búzios 9 and Búzios 11, which 
together provide revenue visibility to 2028 and 
enable the standardisation and operational 
efficiencies associated with a sustained level of 
activity on a portfolio of greenfield, pre-salt projects.
During the year, our four PLSVs commenced new 
three-year contracts for Petrobras. These vessels 
form part of Petrobras’s fleet of 15 PLSVs and are 
typically used to recover and install flexible pipelines. 
They represent a day-rate-based part of Subsea7’s 
balanced portfolio of projects.
A country not previously associated 
with the offshore energy industry, Türkiye 
emerged as a significant market in 2021 
when Subsea7, in consortium with SLB 
and OneSubsea, was awarded Phase 1 
of the strategically important Sakarya 
gas development.
The contract covered the well completions and 
the EPCI of the subsea production systems, risers 
and flowlines, and an early production facility, in a 
first-of-its-kind, integrated onshore and offshore 
development. Sakarya Phase 1 was a complex and 
challenging project in the harsh environment of the 
Black Sea, with elevated levels of hydrogen sulphide 
and long tie-backs in ultra-deep waters. Nevertheless, 
less than three years after award, the project achieved 
first gas and, reflecting this success, by August 2025 
Subsea7 had been awarded two more phases of 
Sakarya by Turkish Petroleum.
In 2025, offshore activities focused on Phase 2 of 
the development, with Seven Pacific and Seven Seas 
installing umbilicals and flexible pipelines, and Seven 
Vega beginning the installation of production risers 
and injection pipelines. Meanwhile, engineering and 
procurement was underway for Phase 3, with 
offshore activities scheduled in 2027 and 2028.
In 2025, Türkiye represented 9% of revenue and, 
at the end of the year, was 13% of the Group’s backlog. 
The sustained high level of work has enabled Subsea7 
to develop a strong regional presence, including our 
office in Istanbul. With further phases expected to be 
tendered in the coming years, Türkiye should remain 
a significant territory for Subsea7 as we support the 
nation in achieving its energy goals.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 202516
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 19]
 UK WIND
 NORTH AND CENTRAL AMERICA
Seaway7 has been a key contributor 
to the UK’s renewable energy sector 
since 2009, building a strong track 
record through projects such as Greater 
Gabbard, Beatrice, Triton Knoll, Moray 
West and Seagreen. In 2025, this was 
extended with the completion of Dogger 
Bank A, B and C foundation installation, 
continued progress on East Anglia 
THREE and preparation works for East 
Anglia TWO, Hornsea 3 and Inch Cape.
By the end of 2025, Seaway7 had supported 
the installation of nearly 20 gigawatts (GW) of 
wind capacity globally, reinforcing its role in delivering 
large-scale renewable energy infrastructure projects.
In the UK, work on Dogger Bank A, B and C began 
in 2019, and by 2025 Seaway7 had completed the 
installation of 277 monopiles and transition pieces, 
while installation of turbines at Dogger Bank C will 
continue into 2026. Delivering all three phases of 
this landmark project provided Seaway7 with an 
opportunity to optimise processes and set new 
benchmarks for efficiency. Each stage contributed 
to improved predictability and reduced cycle times.
Installation at East Anglia THREE began in March 
2025, with Seaway Ventus completing a significant 
portion of the 95-monopile scope by year end. 
The next phase in 2026 will see continued monopile 
installation and the commencement of inter-array 
cable work by Seaway Aimery and Seaway Phoenix 
alongside cable lay at Hornsea 3 and foundation 
installation at Inch Cape. By 2027, activity will shift 
to cable installation at East Anglia TWO, reinforcing 
Seaway7’s role in enabling large-scale renewable 
energy infrastructure.
Subsea7 executes work in the US, 
Guyana, Trinidad and Tobago, and 
Mexico, predominantly through its office 
in Houston, US, as well as in Merida, 
Mexico. Opened in 2023, the Merida 
office has grown to a team of around 
80 and has become the latest success 
in Subsea7’s strategy to attract 
engineering talent in new regions.
In the US during 2025, Subsea7 partnered with 
several independent oil companies, including Beacon 
Offshore Energy, Talos and LLOG, to accelerate 
projects from concept to first production, maximising 
value for clients. This success was enabled by close 
collaboration, underpinned by a proven track record 
of delivery, which often allowed the direct award of 
contracts to Subsea7. Additional efficiencies were 
achieved by managing a regional portfolio of projects 
to optimise vessel utilisation, delivering benefits for 
both clients and the Group. For example, Seven 
Oceans and Seven Seas spent much of the first 
half of the year in the Gulf, working on Salamanca, 
Sunspear and Shenandoah. The Group also won 
projects for Shell and Chevron, including Vito Waterflood, 
Laser Shark, Sparta and Jack St Malo Phase 5, 
for which offshore installation phases are mainly 
scheduled for 2026 and 2027. 
In April 2025, Subsea Integration Alliance secured 
a contract for the EPCI of the Ginger project, in 
Trinidad and Tobago, marking the first award under 
a new global framework agreement with bp. Building 
on a long-standing global relationship, the agreement 
introduced a new collaborative approach that enables 
greater transparency and early engagement. It also 
established an innovative commercial model designed 
to align incentives and accelerate value creation.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 17
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 20]
High activity levels in 2025
In 2025, the region recorded approximately 1,800 vessel-
utilisation days, engaging all three of our reel-lay vessels 
and our spoolbase in Vigra, Norway and bundle base in 
Wick, UK. Alongside major projects such as Skarv SSP, 
Fenris, Verdande and Irpa, during the year, three standout 
integrated projects showcased our solutions. 
Ormen Lange: enabling a strategic gas development 
Subsea7 has been involved with Ormen Lange since the 
original development in the early 2000s. For Phase 3, 
together with OneSubsea as part of Subsea Integration 
Alliance, we delivered front-end engineering and an 
integrated EPCI that includes the subsea flowline system, 
as well as two multi-phase compression systems. The 
phase aims to recover an additional 30–50 billion cubic 
metres of gas for export to Europe, and is an illustration 
of Subsea Integration Alliance’s capability to unlock strategic 
gas reserves and maximise the value of existing 
infrastructure through brownfield developments.
Yggdrasil: building a major infrastructure hub  
Since 2016, Subsea7 has worked in alliance with Aker 
BP to mature projects from early concept stage through 
project execution, eliminating tendering and delivering 
cost efficiency, predictability, and accelerating timelines. 
Yggdrasil, one of the alliance’s largest projects, was a flagship 
development targeting 450 million barrels of recoverable oil 
through 57 wells. Our scope utilised three reel-lay vessels, 
Seven Vega, Seven Oceans, and Seven Navica, to install a 
range of pipelines, alongside two large bundle pipelines. 
Yggdrasil will become a new infrastructure hub for this 
area of the Norwegian Continental Shelf, opening up 
cost-efficient tie-back opportunities for years to come. 
Northern Lights: advancing the energy transition 
In 2024, Subsea7 delivered its scope for Phase 1 of Northern 
Lights, the world’s first cross-border CO
2 transport and 
storage facility. In 2025, engineering was underway for 
Phase 2, which included EPCI of a five-kilometre CO
2 
pipeline, integrated satellite structures, umbilicals, tie-ins 
and pre-commissioning activities. Offshore activities are 
scheduled for 2026. This phase will increase storage capacity 
from 1.5 million tonnes to at least 5 million tonnes of CO
2 
per year—a significant step in decarbonising hard-to-abate 
industries and establishing a new value chain for Norway 
and Europe. 
Leveraging our technologies
Through the decades, Norway has been a global leader 
in subsea technology and Subsea7 has been at the forefront, 
delivering over half of all the major projects in the region 
to≈date. In close collaboration with our clients, we have 
delivered solutions that set new records for scale and 
innovation, while optimising costs and maximising returns.
The Norwegian hydrocarbon industry plays 
a vital role in the UK and Europe’s energy 
security, supplying gas equivalent to nearly 
40% of the continent’s annual imports.
Subsea7 has an extensive track record in the region, 
partnering with many of the same clients since the 
1970s. This long-standing presence has fostered 
trust and enabled strong relationships, underpinned 
by a collaborative mindset and culture. This commitment 
is reflected in three formal alliances and collaboration 
agreements with Aker BP, Equinor, and OKEA, which 
collectively operate over 80% of regional production. 
In 2025, Norway represented approximately 15% 
of Group revenue, comprising operations on 21 
projects for five clients.
NORWAY: A STRONG 
PORTFOLIO OF PROJECTS
CASE STUDIES
>2,000 km
risers, umbilicals and flowlines laid in Norway 
since 2010
>100  
field developments in Norway supported 
by Subsea7 since 2010
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 202518
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 21]
Bundle pipelines: a cost-effective solution for tie-backs 
Subsea7 is the only contractor with a proven track 
record of delivering production system bundles, with 90 
installations to date, of which 24 have been in Norway. 
By combining active heating, flowlines and control systems 
into a single towable bundle unit, we reduce the complexity 
of subsea architecture and offer a cost-effective alternative 
to traditional models. The solution requires use of our 
proprietary lining as well as highly specialised welding 
from our team in Wick, UK. 
The most recent deliveries were in 2025 as part of the 
Yggdrasil development, enabling the tie-back of 24 wells to 
an unmanned platform at Munin. At 6.8 and 7.8 kilometres in 
length, and with diameters exceeding 53 inches, they were 
among the largest and longest bundles fabricated at Wick. 
Repeat orders from clients including Aker BP, bp, Chevron, 
Equinor and Shell are testament to the success of these 
unique solutions and, more broadly, to the innovative 
solutions offered by Subsea7’s advanced engineering 
and fabrication capabilities.
A positive outlook for the coming years
With significant reserves close to existing facilities, the 
Norwegian market is increasingly targeting brownfield 
developments that can extend the life of its major hub 
infrastructure and maintain production levels.
Subsea7 is well-placed in this market, with highly 
collaborative client relationships that leverage our 
early engagement expertise and innovative development 
solutions. In 2025, Subsea7 secured contracts 
in Norway for Aker BP, Equinor and ConocoPhillips.
Subsea7 has a strong presence in Norway 
and a long history of industry collaboration.
We have successfully delivered hundreds of projects 
in Norway since the 1970s, setting new records for scale 
and innovation, while optimising costs and maximising 
returns for our clients.   
Aker BP’s Øst Frigg will tie back to the new Yggdrasil 
hub, unlocking oil reserves beneath gas structures that were 
produced in the 1990s. The project will utilise our cost-
efficient pipeline bundle, which will be fabricated at our base 
in Wick, UK. The project is expected to be delivered in 2027.
Equinor’s Fram Sør involves the development of four 
fields that will be tied back to the existing Troll C platform, 
unlocking reserves and extending the life of existing 
infrastructure. Subsea7 was involved with a front end 
engineering and design (FEED) study in close collaboration 
with the client. The resulting EPCI award covers subsea 
umbilicals, flowlines and risers that are due for installation 
in 2026, 2027 and 2028.
At ConocoPhillips’ Previously Produced Fields (PPF), 
Subsea7 is involved in work to revitalise existing infrastructure 
at the Ekofisk hub. These fields were among the earliest 
producing oil fields in Norway, but were shut in with 
significant gas still in place. New seismic and drilling 
technologies enabled the reappraisal and redevelopment 
and after a successful front-end engineering project by 
Subsea, the full development was sanctioned in December. 
It is expected to utilise Seven Borealis in 2028.
Looking further ahead, Subsea7 is in an exclusive 
collaboration with Equinor to work on development 
concepts for Wisting, Norway, as well as the Bay 
du Nord field in Canada.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 19
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 22]
TECHNOLOGY TRENDS
OUR MARKETS
4Insight® – enhancing 
vessel availability
In today’s environment of heightened capital discipline 
and limited investment in new deepwater pipelay 
capacity, maximising uptime across the existing fleet 
is essential to delivering growth in profitability and 
value creation.
Developed by 4Subsea, our Norwegian technology 
business, 4Insight leverages high-resolution, real-time 
vessel and weather data combined with advanced 
algorithms to automate onboard operational decisions. 
This innovation extends the vessels’ window of 
operability and enhances project performance by 
reducing the cost and schedule risks tied to waiting 
on weather. By streamlining objective decision-
making, 4Insight also reinforces the collaboration 
between marine and project teams, driving 
operational efficiency.
The software has been rolled out across part of 
our fleet and has received excellent feedback from 
our offshore and onshore teams. In 2025, it added 
around 35 days of operation to Seven Vega, an uplift 
of over 10% compared with our standard planning 
assumptions. It has also been used to optimise 
installation activities in offshore wind, as well as 
auxiliary operations such as crew transfers.
By increasing the operability of a key global enabler 
vessel like Seven Vega, we deliver faster project 
execution, with improved predictability and fuel 
efficiency, and ultimately stronger value delivery—
helping clients meet their objectives while reinforcing 
our position as a leading provider of solutions for 
complex offshore developments.
Unlocking new oil and gas 
– the 20K challenge
The search for new resources has pushed the 
hydrocarbon industry into increasingly demanding 
environments, requiring solutions for more complex 
reservoirs. Advances in technology have unlocked 
new geological plays, breathing new life into mature 
regions and opening up fresh frontiers. One of the 
most significant breakthroughs has been the ability 
to develop reservoirs with extreme pressures, 
creating new deepwater opportunities in the US Gulf.
Leveraging its proven expertise with reservoirs 
at 15,000 psi, Subsea7 has pioneered pipeline 
fabrication and installation for production of up to 
20,000 psi (20K). Critical to the fabrication of 20K 
pipeline is the capability to execute complex welding 
of a pipe wall thickness of up to 50 millimetres, 
with extremely tight welding acceptance criteria. 
Subsea7’s Pipeline Group has developed industry-
leading capabilities through its technology centre in 
Glasgow, UK, as well as its welding facilities in the US.
Subsea7 has established a strong track record in 
delivering 20K-rated subsea developments in the US 
Gulf. In 2022, we achieved a major milestone with the 
region’s first 20K riser installation at Chevron’s 
Anchor field. 
Building on this success, we secured two additional 
projects, for Beacon Offshore Energy—the 
Shenandoah subsea development, completed in 
2025, and the Monument field, scheduled for 
installation in 2026. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 202520
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 23]
INDUSTRY TRENDS
OUR MARKETS
Subsea spending
($bn, capex and opex) 
Global fixed offshore wind market
Cumulative installations (GW) 
Source: Rystad Energy ServiceCube (ex-Russia), February 2026 Source: BNEF, December 2025
Deepwater remains resilient
The spot price of Brent crude oil averaged 
approximately $66 per barrel in 2025, but weakened 
over the course of the year as uncertainty grew 
regarding the supply-demand outlook. At the 
beginning of 2026, price expectations for the year 
were around $60 per barrel, compared with over 
$70 for the prior year. Despite this weakening of 
the near-term macro outlook, confidence in the 
deepwater sub-sector remains robust.  
Deepwater projects a priority for clients
Given the multi-year development cycle for 
deepwater projects, client activity typically depends 
upon their long-term view for oil prices, rather than 
near term expectations. Added to this, the economics 
of these projects are attractive, with an average 
oil price breakeven below $40 per barrel, and a 
materiality and lower-carbon intensity that makes 
them a strategic investment priority. 
Late cycle projects add visibility 
At the point of Subsea7’s involvement, significant capital 
will have been invested by a client in its deepwater 
development and, since January 2020, only one 
significant deepwater project in our backlog has been 
deferred by a year or more. None have been cancelled. 
Given the very low cancellation rate and the typical 
three-year duration of our contracts, we have high 
visibility on the upcoming years. Our strong balance 
sheet enables us to weather economic downturns 
and adds confidence to our clients in our ability 
to delivery.
Gas 
Natural gas and gas-fired power play an important 
role in the energy transition, with significantly lower 
emissions than coal-fired power, while providing 
support to potentially intermittent energy from 
renewable sources. 
A significant wave of new gas supply in the form 
of liquefied natural gas (LNG) capacity is expected 
to come online between 2026 and 2030. This is 
expected to move the LNG market into surplus and 
could affect sanctioning of further projects. However, 
operational LNG facilities are likely to drive continued 
gas development activity in order to back-fill 
declining feed production from existing fields. 
In addition, certain large gas developments remain 
strategically significant, such as those driven by 
national energy security in Türkiye. 
In 2025, Subsea7 won new gas projects in Türkiye, 
Australia, and Norway, including both greenfield and 
brownfield standalone developments, as well as 
projects associated with LNG facilities. 
Offshore wind outlook
In January 2026, the UK government announced 
the results of the Allocation Round 7 Contracts-for-
Difference auction. This confirmed that fixed offshore 
wind projects totalling 8.2 gigawatts should progress 
in 2026, with installation activities by Subsea7 and 
its peers expected in 2029 and 2030. With slow 
progress in many other countries, such as the 
Netherlands and Germany, the news from the UK 
was important to the long-term outlook for the supply 
and demand of offshore wind installation capacity. 
Ultra deepwater Deepwater
13.8 8.7
14.0 9.7
14.3 10.2
12.113.9
2025
2026
2027
2030 2035
2032
2029
2026
Europe Asia Pacific ex China Americas
31 6
6
6
3
139
100
65
44
21
13
7
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 21
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 24]
STRONG PERFORMANCE 
ACROSS THE GROUP
BUSINESS UNIT FINANCIAL REVIEW
Subsea7 reports the financial results of three business units: 
Subsea and Conventional
Our Subsea and Conventional business unit is 
a world leader in delivering complex offshore 
projects to the oil and gas industry. It operates 
under the Subsea7 brand. It predominantly 
includes the financial results for our Lower-
Carbon Oil and Gas strategy and also 
encompasses our activities in carbon capture 
and storage. 
In 2025, revenue from the Subsea and Conventional 
business unit increased 5% to $5.8 billion, and Adjusted 
EBITDA improved to $1,305 million from $897 million in the 
prior year, resulting in a margin of 22.6%, up from 16.3%. 
This was driven by a continued high standard of project 
execution as well as the improved quality of our backlog 
of subsea projects. Net operating income was $762 million, 
up 89% from the prior year of $404 million.
During the year, utilisation of our vessels in Subsea 
and Conventional remained high. Key offshore activities 
included Bacalhau, Mero 3 and Búzios 8 in Brazil, the 
Skarv and Yggdrasil projects in Norway, Sakarya Phase 2 in 
Türkiye, and Scarborough in Australia. In the US, our vessels 
were active on the Shenandoah, Salamanca and Zepherus 
developments. We completed the CRPO 80/81 project, 
Subsea and Conventional Renewables Corporate
The Corporate business unit includes early-stage technology, as well as contributions from Xodus and 4Subsea. While these 
form an important part of our strategy for the future, they did not make a significant financial contribution in 2025.
in Saudi Arabia, as well as the Barossa project in Australia. 
In addition, several large projects in the engineering and 
procurement phases made progress during the year, 
including Sakarya Phase 3 in Türkiye, and Búzios 9 
and Búzios 11 in Brazil. 
In the latter part of the year, our four PLSVs commenced 
new three-year contracts in Brazil for Petrobras at improved 
day rates.   
Backlog
In 2025, notable new awards included Búzios 11 in Brazil, 
Sakarya Phase 3 in Türkiye, and CRPO 148 in Saudi Arabia. 
In addition, we won five new projects in Norway: the PPF 
project, Fram Sør, Øst Frigg, Kjøttkake and Northern Lights 
Phase 2, and four projects in the US: Ginger, Sparta, 
Blackjack and Buckskin South. 
Overall, our order intake in Subsea and Conventional in 
2025 was $7.9 billion, a book-to-bill ratio of 1.4 times, 
and our backlog increased 30% to $11.7 billion. Of this, 
$5.7 billion is for execution in 2026. Tendering activity 
remains high with a tendering pipeline of over $20 billion.
Capital expenditure
In 2025, organic reinvestment increased to $181 million 
from $145 million in the prior year and focused on dry-
docking costs, maintenance and minor upgrades.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 202522
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 25]
Renewables
Subsea7’s Renewables business unit primarily 
comprises the activities of Seaway7, a market 
leader in fixed offshore wind. Seaway7 is 
also responsible for our activities in floating 
offshore wind, although this remains early 
stage and did not make a significant 
contribution to the 2025 financial results. 
As such, this business unit aligns with our 
Renewables and Emerging Energies strategy.
In 2025, revenue from the Renewables business unit was 
$1.2 billion, in line with the prior year, and Adjusted EBITDA 
improved to $202 million from $185 million in the prior year, 
resulting in a margin of 16.6%, up from 15.0%. This was 
driven by strong execution, and as a result of greater 
selectivity in bidding and a high-grading of our backlog 
since 2022. Net operating income was $75 million, up 41% 
from the prior year of $53 million.
During the year, Seaway Strashnov and Seaway Alfa Lift 
were active installing foundations and transition pieces 
at Dogger Bank C, while Seaway Ventus commenced 
foundation installation at East Anglia THREE, all in the UK. 
Our cable-lay vessels, Seaway Aimery, and Seaway Phoenix 
were active in Taiwan and the US on the Hai Long and 
Revolution projects. 
Backlog
In 2025, notable new awards included the Formosa 4 and 
6 inter-array cable contract in Taiwan, and the BC Wind 
project in Poland. Our Renewables backlog remained 
steady at $2.1 billion, of which $1.1 billion is for execution 
in 2026. 
Despite political and fiscal changes in certain geographies, 
we are confident in the long-term potential for backlog 
growth beyond 2030.
Capital expenditure
In 2025, capital expenditure in Renewables was $69 million, 
a modest decrease from $73 million in the prior year. 
Reinvestment was focused on vessel repair and maintenance, 
and minor upgrades. 
2025 financial results
Order intake
$9.0bn
9.0
8.2
7.4
2025
2024
2023
Backlog 
$13.8bn
13.8
11.2
10.6
2025
2024
2023
Revenue
$7 .1bn
7.1
6.8
6.0
2025
2024
2023
Adjusted EBITDA
$1,480m
1,480
1,090
714
2025
2024
2023
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 23
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 26]
COMMITTED 
TO OPERATING 
IN A SAFE AND 
ETHICAL MANNER
2025 at a glance
Subsea7 has a strong 
values
-
led culture and 
believes that operating 
in a safe, ethical and 
responsible manner is 
at the heart of creating 
sustainable value for all 
our stakeholders.
See our key figures 
from 2025 across all 
sustainability dimensions.
Cumulative power capacity 
of renewables projects 
supported to end of 2025
19.9 GW
(2024: 15.8 GW)
Purchased onshore electricity 
from renewable sources 
1
100%
(2024: 74%)
GHG emissions  
intensity ratio
102
Scope 1 GHG tCO2-e/$ million 
revenue (2024: 109)
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 202524
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 27]
1. Achieved 100% renewable electricity under the market - based method. Includes purchased electricity through contractual instruments such Energy 
Attribute Certificates and green tariffs supported by Renewable Energy Certificates.
2.
 Metric is consistent with the Sustainability Statements.
3.
 Top management includes the Executive Management Team and the Leadership group.
4.
 Percentage has been rounded to 100%. The actual is 99.5%.
Lost-time injury frequency 
0.06
rate per 200,000 hours worked 
(2024: 0.04)
Employees completing 
cybersecurity e-learning 
98%
(2024: 99%)
Percentage of suppliers with 
a contract that included human 
rights clauses
90%
(2024: 85%)
Women in top management 
positions 
2, 3 
24% 
(2024: 20%) 
Employees completing 
compliance and ethics 
e-learning including anti-
corruption 
2, 4 
100%
of target population  
(2024: 100% of target population)
Environmental 
incident frequency
0.7
rate per 200,000 hours worked 
(2024: 0.9)
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 25
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 28]
OUR EVOLVING APPROACH 
TO SUSTAINABILITY
At Subsea7, our approach to sustainability extends beyond the way we work and the behaviours we 
value to encompass the business impacts, risks and opportunities associated with the transition 
to lower-carbon energy sources. We prioritise material topics that may influence long-term value 
for the business and its stakeholders. 
Governance around sustainability matters
Subsea7 recognises the importance of having a solid 
governance framework around sustainability to ensure we 
have the correct agenda and that it is driven by effective 
leadership. For further details on sustainability governance, 
see the Sustainability Statements on pages 70 to 129.
Engaging with stakeholders
Engaging with and responding to our stakeholders is 
important to Subsea7’s business development and 
sustained success. This involves building and maintaining 
a foundation of trust and long-term relationships. By 
understanding our key stakeholders’ interests and priorities, 
we can better align on shared priorities and evaluate our 
strategic direction within the context of their expectations. 
Further details on stakeholder engagement and the types 
of topics discussed are included in the Sustainability 
Statements on pages 70 to 129.
Maintaining relevance in disclosures
Starting in 2024, Subsea7 began reporting in accordance 
with the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive 
(CSRD) requirements, making 2025 the second year of 
reporting under this framework. The DMA, revalidated 
in 2025 to ensure its ongoing relevance for this reporting 
period, continues to form the basis of our disclosures 
and was recognised by the Commission de Surveillance 
du Secteur Financier (CSSF) for its quality in its review, 
‘CSRD – 1
st year of reporting by issuers: Results of a 
review of corporate practices’. 
We continue to refine the completeness and clarity of 
our disclosures by providing information around various 
management practices, policies and controls to support 
greater transparency on several topics.
Subsea7’s sustainability disclosures in line with the CSRD 
are reported in the dedicated Sustainability Statements 
section of this report.
read  more  on  page  70
Embedding sustainability across our business
Subsea7’s approach to sustainability is guided by a 
materiality assessment to ensure we prioritise the impacts, 
risks and opportunities that are of significant importance 
to our stakeholders, as well as those that could have a 
material influence on our business and the world around us. 
Taking this approach allows sustainability matters to be 
integrated within strategic planning to support future 
preparedness and long-term profitability.
At the end of 2023, we undertook a double materiality 
assessment (DMA) to validate whether our current material 
topics continue to be appropriate and to identify emerging 
issues. The findings of the assessment showed a total 
of 10 material topics, which represent Subsea7’s most 
important focus areas. We have simplified these topics 
under a three-pillar sustainability framework presented 
on the next page.
Our sustainability framework is designed to enable Subsea7 
to positively contribute to the global sustainability agenda 
while achieving long-term value creation for the business 
and its stakeholders: i) Solutions for the world’s energy 
needs, focused on delivering offshore energy for today 
and tomorrow and addressing our greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions; ii) Safety and people, centred on health and 
safety, talent attraction, development and retention, and 
diversity and inclusion; iii) Acting responsibly, maintaining 
high standards of behaviour, ensuring compliance with legal 
and regulatory requirements, promoting transparency and 
accountability, and fostering a strong culture of integrity.
Our commitment to sustainability is integral to our strategy 
and core Values. These Values, along with our Code of 
Conduct, define who we are and how we conduct business. 
We remain focused on these fundamental aspects of our 
business and continue to uphold ethical business practices 
and compliance throughout our organisation and supply 
chain. Our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) 
performance continues to be assessed by several ratings 
companies and our efforts are recognised.
Since 2019, Subsea7 has been a signatory to the UN Global Compact. We remain committed to the UN 
Global Compact and the 10 key principles of that compact. Our approach to respecting and protecting 
human rights, providing safe and fair labour practices, safeguarding the environment and working against 
corruption in all forms is central to our ways of working and our sustainability efforts. By operating from 
these strong principles, we ensure we are making our best efforts to uphold the commitment 
to supporting these global challenges and driving towards a more sustainable future. 
We are pleased with the progress we are making in support of these principles.
OUR SUSTAINABILITY PRIORITIES
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202526
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 29]
Three pillars of sustainability
Overview of our strategic sustainability focus areas:
 * Not assessed as material within the Group’s double materiality assessment but considered important to Subsea7.
01
Solutions for the 
world’s energy needs
Climate strategy
Delivering the offshore energy 
transition solutions the world 
needs to support a lower-
carbon future economy. 
Adapting and managing the 
impacts, risks and opportunities 
to create long-term value.
GHG emissions
Improving the efficiency of our 
operations and our solutions 
in terms of greenhouse gas 
emissions in support of a Net 
Zero future.
Collaborations and 
partnerships
Building mutually beneficial 
partnerships to create impact 
and value.
03
Acting responsibly
Business ethics
Ensuring ethical business 
conduct and compliance 
by those working in and for 
the Group.
Labour practices 
and human rights
Providing working conditions 
aligned with international 
standards with respect to labour 
practices and human rights.
Responsible supply chain
Working with our suppliers 
to align and uphold the key 
principles set out in our Code 
of Conduct for Suppliers.
IT cybersecurity 
and privacy
Ensuring adequate security 
systems and controls are in 
place to manage cybersecurity 
threats and events.
Ecological impacts*
Minimising the impact of 
our operational activities 
on marine and land-based 
ecosystems and biodiversity.
02
Safety and people
Health and safety
Creating, maintaining and 
promoting a safe, secure and 
healthy work environment.
Talent attraction, 
development and 
retention
Encouraging people to achieve 
their career aspirations, in an 
environment where they can 
thrive, that supports their 
wellbeing, and where they 
have the relevant skills to 
deliver our strategy.
Diversity and inclusion
Fostering an inclusive 
environment to ensure equity 
and strengthen creativity, 
decision-making and new 
ways of thinking in support 
of a sustainable future.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 27
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 30]
OUR PEOPLE
OUR PEOPLE
Our employees are our most valuable 
asset, forming the core of our business 
and driving everything we do. The ‘Being7’ 
initiative represents our employer brand and 
the foundation of our culture. It encapsulates 
what we offer our employees, what they 
contribute to Subsea7 and the overall 
experience of working here.
2025 highlights
In 2025, we further enhanced our ‘Being7’ offering, 
providing our employees with a career they can be proud 
of, an incredible journey and an environment where they can 
thrive. Our ‘Being7’ offer is supported by our Learning and 
Development, Diversity and Inclusion (D&I) and Health and 
Wellbeing strategies. Regular surveys help us identify areas 
for improvement to continually enhance Subsea7, with 70% 
of our people responding to the 2025 survey. In 2025, 
over 3,200 of our offshore and onshore employees 
were nominated for ‘Being7 Stars’ by their colleagues 
in recognition of being inspiring through their actions, 
achievements, or qualities that have contributed to 
Subsea7’s success.
Learning and development
The commitment to learning and development continued 
in 2025. Through Academy7 we continued our Project 
Manager, Project Success, Commercial Awareness, 
Management Development, ‘Rise’ career development, 
Safety Leadership and offshore conversion programmes, 
adding ‘Elevate’ an open sign up career programme. 
We welcomed 172 new graduates to our 2025 class 
and continued our offshore Cadet programme. Our annual 
Festival of Learning, themed ‘Embrace Agility attracted over 
11,000 attendees participating in more than 70 sessions.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 202528
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 31]
Nationality mixDiversity and inclusion
We maintain our focus on four pillars: inclusive culture, 
gender balance, nationality balance and the recruitment 
pipeline. Through 2025 we continued the delivery of our 
‘7Ally Upstander’ programme which tackles inappropriate 
workplace behaviour and promotes upstander behaviours 
and allyship. 2,919 of our onshore and offshore people 
attended the programme which will continue into 2026. 
In 2025 we exceeded our board diversity policy objective 
to have at least 30% female representation on the Board, 
by appointing Lucia de Andrade as an Independent Director, 
delivery 43% female diversity. We piloted a Reverse 
Mentoring Programme for our senior leaders, exposing 
them to new perspectives and experiences from our 
employees from diverse backgrounds. The pilot has 
been so successful, we will look to expand this in 2026.
Health and wellbeing
As an employer that genuinely cares about our employees, 
we recognise the importance of providing health and 
wellbeing support. Globally, we supported our employees 
with various offerings and activities, including wellbeing 
days, talks and events in our offices. We supported our 
offshore crews with quarterly wellbeing campaigns. In 2025, 
we maintained our focus on enhancing the awareness of 
mental wellbeing and promoting greater conversations 
around various aspects of health and wellbeing. On World 
Mental Health Day, a session on ‘Mental Resilience: Thriving 
Through Challenges’ providing a practical toolkit which we 
have made available to all our people.
Age mix
Under 30
30–50
Over 50
13%
62%
25%
52%
19%
25%
4%
Europe
Asia/Paciﬁc
Americas
Africa
Gender mix
41%
38%
19%
2%
Onshore male
Offshore male
Onshore female
Offshore female
Executive management
75%
25%
Male
Female
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 29
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 32]
PRINCIPAL RISKS  
AND UNCERTAINTIES
supporting digital solutions for the purpose of asset integrity 
management, condition monitoring and remote operations. 
The Group’s experience in offshore project execution positions 
it well to support the offshore electrification of facilities, which 
will enable transformative solutions to subsea developments.
The Renewables business has over a decade of experience 
in delivering offshore wind projects. It offers services that 
include the installation of foundations, inter-array cables and 
substations. Seaway7 is one of only a few contractors that 
can provide EPCI expertise and can, therefore, offer a 
variety of contracting models ranging from single-scope 
transportation and installation, to integrated multi-scope 
and full EPCI contracts. Supporting these activities is its 
fleet of vessels, comprising heavy lifting, construction, cable 
installation and jack-up vessels for turbine installation, along 
with a fleet of six heavy transportation vessels. This enables 
us to support the market sector and deliver on our wider 
renewables and emerging energies strategy.
The world’s demand for energy continues to grow. Whether 
this demand is met from lower-carbon-intensity oil and 
gas developments or from renewables, Subsea7’s strategy 
places the Group at the heart of the energy transition and 
ready to meet the needs of our clients.
Offshore operations are required for both Subsea and 
Conventional as well as Renewables projects. These involve 
large, highly complex, technologically rich systems in diverse 
locations, where the Group often faces harsh and challenging 
conditions. Weather is of greater concern as the world 
experiences more extreme climate-related events. With 
the exception of certain long-term contracts and day-rate 
inspection, repair and maintenance work, the Group generally 
contracts on a fixed-price basis. The costs and margins 
realised on projects can vary from the original estimated 
amounts due to a number of factors, sometimes resulting 
in a reduced margin or loss.
Additional operating costs incurred as a result of cost 
increases in the supply chain, as well as general inflation, 
is an example of how certain external factors can negatively 
impact margins. The Group continuously assesses the risks 
Effective risk management is fundamental 
to the Group’s performance and creates 
sustainable value for our stakeholders.
The Group’s approach is to identify key risks at an early 
stage and develop actions to measure, monitor and 
mitigate against their likelihood and impact. This approach 
is embedded across the Group at executive level and 
throughout the operational and functional specialty levels. 
Risk management is an integral part of our day-to-day 
activities but annually we perform a wider risk assessment 
to identify our principal business, strategic, regulatory and 
sustainability risks. Priority risks are consolidated at Group 
level and are evaluated by the Executive Risk Committee; 
the≈assessment of these risks includes identifying the 
short, medium or longer-term nature of each.
The Group’s operations and its strategy for oil and gas, 
renewables and emerging energies sources are driven by 
three business units. The Subsea and Conventional business 
unit focuses on subsea developments for lower-carbon-
intensity oil and gas and applies its many years of experience 
and capabilities in delivering SURF and CCS. Renewables – 
through the Seaway7 brand – is focused on offshore wind, 
while the Corporate business unit focuses on early-stage 
activities in the subsea hydrogen and emerging energies 
markets. Climate-related risks, challenges and pressures 
are a key consideration in the Group delivering its strategic 
objectives and are, therefore, subject to ongoing assessment 
as part of the risk management processes in place.
The Subsea and Conventional business unit executes large 
and complex offshore projects for the energy industry, in all 
water depths, under the Subsea7 brand. Delivering a full 
range of early concept and design, EPCI services utilising 
pioneering products as well as digital and lower-carbon-
intensity solutions for its clients. These solutions can be 
provided as an integrated solution through alliance 
partnerships and collaborations. Through the Group’s 
life-of-field services, it provides fully integrated solutions, 
services and products that protect the integrity and optimise 
the performance of clients’ field infrastructure as well as 
RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 202530
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 33]
involved in fixed-price contracts and uses its negotiated 
contract terms to mitigate certain aspects of these risks.
The Group operates in a predominantly cyclical industry 
where activity is strongly influenced by the current and 
forecast price of energy, as well as the impact of decisions 
taken by governing bodies, particularly regarding regulation, 
climate change, mitigation and adaptation, subsidies and 
fiscal incentives. While the world’s demand for energy brings 
opportunities, the Group must remain cognisant of this 
cyclical nature and the speed at which the energy transition 
will take place, exercising discipline and maintaining a strong 
focus on risk-adjusted value creation.
The Group’s risk management processes assist its 
ability to respond to changes in activity levels and apply 
appropriate measures to adjust its cost base as far as 
practical, while at the same time ensuring that an 
acceptable risk profile is maintained.
Roles and responsibilities
The Board of Directors maintains oversight of the 
Group’s risk management activities and internal control 
processes. The Corporate Governance, Nominations and 
Risk Committee reviews the Group’s risk management 
framework and from time to time makes recommendations. 
This year’s recommendations have enhanced the format of 
how priority risk information is presented to the Board. The 
Committee also evaluates assessment criteria of principal 
and priority risks and reviews mitigation measures. The 
Executive Management Team is responsible for designing 
and implementing a risk management framework from which 
the business maintains appropriate systems and procedures 
for the identification and management of risks, while ensuring, 
subject to an acceptable level of risk, that the Group is able 
to optimise stakeholder value. The Executive Risk Committee 
is composed of members of the Group’s Executive 
Management Team and reports to the Chief Executive 
Officer. This committee convenes to: evaluate emerging, 
principal and priority risks, perform annual assessments 
to rank top priority risks and their mitigation measures 
and review the Group’s risk management procedures.
Sustainability-related risks, impacts and opportunities are 
identified through a combination of the Group’s existing risk 
management framework and by way of a double materiality 
assessment. These risks are assessed in the same way 
as the Group’s principal and priority risks. The Executive 
Sustainability Committee has responsibility for establishing 
the Group’s reporting framework for: EU Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive and EU Taxonomy.
The Group’s CEO determines the level of risk that can be 
taken by the Group’s business units on a country-by-country 
basis and by functional management. This is managed through 
Group policies and delegated authority levels, which provide 
the means by which risks are reviewed and escalated to the 
appropriate management level within the Group, including the 
Board of Directors.
Principal risks and uncertainties
Principal risks are those risks that, given the Group’s current 
position, could materially threaten its business model, future 
performance, prospects, solvency, liquidity or reputation, 
or prevent the Group from delivering its strategic objectives.
The means by which the Group mitigates or eliminates 
these risks are shown on pages 30 to 47.
Additional risks and uncertainties that the Group is unaware 
of, or currently deems immaterial, may in the future have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation, operations, 
financial performance and position. However, the Board 
of Directors believes that the Group’s risk management 
and internal control systems have assisted, and will continue 
to assist, the Group to identify and respond to such risks.
Risk management and internal control
The Board of Directors is responsible for oversight of the 
Group’s system of risk management and internal control, 
supported by the Corporate Governance, Nominations 
and Risk Committee to review its effectiveness. 
The Board of Directors recognises that any system 
of internal control can only provide reasonable and not 
absolute assurance that material financial misstatement 
and/or fraud will be detected or that the risk of failure 
to achieve business objectives is eliminated.
The Group’s systems of internal control operate through 
a number of processes. The more significant include:
•
 delegated authority level matrices with certain matters 
being reserved for the Board of Directors
•
 annual review of the strategy, plans and budgets of 
individual business units to identify the key risks to 
the achievement of the Group’s objectives
•
 monthly financial and operational performance reviews 
against budgets
•
 individual tender and contract reviews at various levels 
throughout the Group
•
 capital expenditure and investment reviews 
and authorisation
•
 regular reviews and reporting on the effectiveness 
of the Group’s HSSEQ processes
•
 Group treasury policies
•
 Group taxation compliance and reporting policies 
and systems
•
  the Group’s Whistleblowing policy, which allows 
individuals to raise concerns in confidence about 
potential breaches of the Code of Conduct
•
 Data Governance Council – reviews and monitors the 
Data Privacy Council (DPC) work in ensuring the 
Group’s adherence to GDPR
•
 quarterly reporting to the Executive Management Team
 
from the Global Applications and Systems Steering 
Committee (GASSC) on the integrity and security 
of its business and IT systems, including cyber risk
•
 cyclical reviews of all non-wholly owned subsidiaries, 
joint ventures and associates by the Joint Venture 
Steering Committee.
The Group’s internal audit function, which reports 
directly to the Audit and Sustainability Committee, 
performs independent reviews of key business financial 
processes and controls and other areas considered to 
be of high business risk. The Audit and Sustainability 
Committee annually reviews and approves the internal 
audit plan and receives regular updates on internal 
audit’s findings and the actions taken by management to 
address these. The role of the Executive Risk Committee 
is to meet bi-annually to review the risks identified as 
impacting or having the potential to impact the Group’s 
operations and strategic objectives, and to discuss 
emerging risks.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 31
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 34]
RISK
STRATEGIC
In 2025, the Group announced its proposal to merge 
with Saipem by way of an EU cross border merger of 
equals. This remains subject to regulatory clearance 
and approvals but if successful will create a new 
combined company called Saipem7, bringing together 
complementary capabilities, vessels, project execution 
strengths and geographic presence. A transaction of 
this nature carries many risks, including the risk of not 
achieving regulatory approval to proceed. Throughout 
the process it can also create a distraction to ongoing 
business operations and the delivery of other strategic 
objectives. As we move through regulatory clearance, 
future risks such as adapting and integrating new 
ways of working could lead to short-term interruptions 
to operational efficiency. Risks may also include new 
and inherited legal and contractual liabilities, as well 
as other operational and financial risks, all of which 
are taken very seriously.
As part of our ongoing business, the Group recognises 
that technology and enabling products, early engagement 
and engineering capabilities, digital solutions, collaboration 
and partnerships and integrated services are market 
differentiators and are key to delivering on its strategy. 
The Group’s strategy is to create sustainable value 
by delivering the offshore energy transition solutions the 
world needs. By continuing to improve our solutions and 
the way we deliver them we can continue the evolution 
towards lower-carbon-intensity oil and gas developments, 
as well as enable the growth of renewables and emerging 
energies. This requires new products and solutions to 
make it possible but which bring with them the risk 
that demand for innovative designs, systems, products 
and solutions accelerates into the construction and 
installation phase without sufficient time to transition 
from development to production.
The Subsea and Conventional business is focused on 
deepwater developments. These projects are often 
complex, however they offer our clients attractive 
economic return and once sanctioned they are rarely 
deferred, giving good visibility on future work and the 
pipeline of activity. 
Integrated services has become a preferred contracting 
model for many of our clients and is offered through 
Subsea Integration Alliance, our partnership with 
OneSubsea. As demand for energy continues to grow, 
many clients are looking to collaborate or partner with us 
on a single-source basis, minimising the tendering phase, 
reducing the time required to complete developments 
and achieve first production or first power. While the 
Group has developed the knowledge and ability 
to identify, manage and mitigate the risks associated 
with integrated services, and exercises discipline when 
committing assets, both of these models could threaten 
the Group’s performance as a result of external factors 
beyond the Group’s control.
Across the renewables market, finding the correct 
solutions and delivering on these is key, as is achieving 
a balanced risk profile with experienced clients and in 
countries where the regulatory environment is well 
understood. With improved results and a backlog of 
contracts with a better risk balance than prior years, 
Seaway7 is well-positioned to deliver on the Group’s 
strategy to enable the growth of renewables.
The size and scale of offshore wind turbines continues to 
increase with a trend towards 20MW turbines for certain 
developments. This brings with it a risk that the size and 
complexity for the installation of the balance of plant 
elements could exceed the capabilities of our current 
asset base. Future investment in the fleet, is subject to 
commitments from clients securing long-term utilisation 
of assets, thereby giving a return on investment.
MITIGATION
The proposed merger is the Group’s largest to date 
and is managed by a designated internal team with 
a broad range of skills including project management 
and delivery, legal, financial, operational and other highly 
experienced core function technical experts. This team 
is supported by external advisers. Working together, 
these teams ensure that operational management is 
engaged in the various phases of the planning and that 
there is awareness of and adherence to the applicable 
regulatory rules and requirements. This also minimises 
the level of interruption and distraction to project teams 
working on existing projects, those focused on securing 
future backlog as well as those managing the business.
Technology-related risks are mitigated by employing 
qualified personnel, as well as working to industry and 
professional engineering standards combined with strict 
adherence to the Group’s engineering management 
and control systems and procedures. The Group has 
a multi-stage gate process for the implementation 
of new technologies and products.
The Subsea and Conventional business is focused on 
deepwater developments and while these are complex 
projects, the Group’s fleet of specialist vessels and prior 
track record of project execution position it well for 
selection in these projects. 
The Group brings extensive experience and engineering 
capabilities from a proven track record of project 
management and execution in the oil and gas sector 
to the offshore wind and emerging energies sectors, 
through investing in the right people and having the right 
technical capabilities and support assets, as well as 
through keeping pace with engineering developments, 
technologies and installation methodologies.
The Group values long-term partnering with experienced 
clients and operating in countries with well-established 
regulatory positions, as this allows greater certainty 
and ability to manage the risks involved in the energy 
transition as well as achieving a contractual risk profile 
with more favourable terms.
MARKET RISKS
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202532
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 35]
RISK
COMPETITION
The Group faces competition from time-to-time  
to win contracts to ensure a sustainable backlog 
of future work across the business units. This 
competition may result in pricing pressures or a 
change to a contractor’s risk profile, as competitors 
strive to win contracts and secure work. Depending 
on the market cycle, less favourable contractual terms 
that are more onerous for the contractor may increase 
liabilities, both actual and contingent, and adversely 
impact the Group’s financial performance and position.
Furthermore, the competitive landscape could include 
further alliances as well as vertical and horizontal 
consolidations, to achieve economies of scale and 
scope and wider control of the value chain. Such 
initiatives could represent a threat to the Group’s 
profile as a specialised offshore service provider.
MITIGATION
The Group endeavours to reduce its exposure  
to competition by differentiating itself from competitors. 
The Group’s experience and resources, including 
its people, versatile and modern fleet, and proprietary 
technology and digital delivery offerings, help it respond 
effectively to challenges from competitors. The Group 
seeks, within the framework of the business’s 
contractual risk profile, to promote and maintain 
industry-recognised balanced contracting forms.
The Group continues to partner with key clients and form 
alliances with other offshore energy services companies 
to offer packaged solutions and to contribute to the early 
development stages of projects, as well as offering 
cost-effective and efficient technical solutions.
Achieving a balanced allocation of risk remains central 
to profitability in the offshore wind sector, and Subsea7 
remains disciplined in this area and has the necessary 
expertise and capabilities to deliver complex projects 
and market its EPCI track record. Its versatile fleet 
and track record are differentiators in relation to smaller 
contractors or new entrants and position the Group well 
to continue working with clients across the sectors and 
to maintain contractual discipline to achieve a balanced, 
manageable risk profile.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 33
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 36]
RISK
ECONOMIC
The financial strength and the economic viability 
of our client’s projects can be impacted by the 
fluctuation of energy prices and energy mix, which 
can be driven by global demand, political conditions, 
technological development or climate considerations. 
These, as well as other variable factors, determine 
the Group’s level of activity in the sectors in which it 
operates, and are outside the Group’s control but can 
have a direct impact on the operational and financial 
performance of the Group. Any significant change 
in the level, timing or nature of clients’ expenditure 
plans could adversely impact the Group’s order 
intake, financial performance, position and prospects. 
These factors may result in reduced levels of activity 
across certain parts of our business but, conversely, 
lead to a higher concentration of work activity across 
fewer countries and with fewer clients, exposing 
the Group to certain aggregation risks which may 
materialise by way of significant change to those 
countries’ political strategy or regulatory regime or 
from an interruption in the client’s planned activities.
As part of the Group’s commitment to proactively 
participate in the energy transition, it combines many 
years of experience in offshore project execution 
with a modern and an agile fleet to support the needs 
of its clients. Focusing on lower-carbon-intensity 
oil and gas developments, places the Group in a 
stronger market position to select projects with 
attractive commercial terms while also balancing 
a manageable geographical spread. 
MITIGATION
The Group closely monitors market activity and 
collaborates with clients to understand their future 
project and expenditure plans. Early engagement in the 
design phase of an energy project enables the Group 
to better assess the risks and opportunities and the 
economic implications of projects as they progress 
towards construction. Following contract award, the 
Group can implement cost-reduction measures to adapt 
the projects to market conditions and work within the 
terms of the contracts to mitigate the effect of client-led 
changes to project schedules or work scopes. The 
Group has trialled alternative fuels on various vessels 
across the fleet and is positioned to make a change 
once alternative fuels are available globally and at a 
commercial scale.
The financial strength and solvency of our  
clients and suppliers is a specific area of focus before 
entering into contracts. The Group has successfully 
managed its cost base and continues to look for 
ways to improve efficiency and delivery through the 
implementation of digitalisation and standardisation. 
A potential increase in demand is managed through 
supplementing the fleet with the use of third-party 
vessels. Beyond the fleet, the Group engages with 
key stakeholders to explain the Group’s approach and 
initiatives on energy transition, climate change and to 
ensure it maintains long-term alignment on economic 
activities. We also work with our clients and suppliers 
to ensure that risk on pricing and availability is addressed 
through contractual measures.
The Group seeks to diversify selectively into 
new markets, including emerging energies markets, 
and has a diverse portfolio of projects, which allows an 
element of mitigation across its global markets.
MARKET RISKS CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202534
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 37]
RISK
GEOGRAPHIC
The Group’s operations depend on having access 
to a worldwide supply chain, capable of manufacturing 
and transporting products and providing services, 
to support both tenders and projects, but also to 
ensure no interruption to the maintenance and 
investment plans of the fleet. Access to transportation 
companies, shipyards, ports and fabrication yards, 
which can provide the appropriate level of expertise 
as well as accommodating the size and scale of the 
fleet and project infrastructure, is key to maintaining 
the Group’s business operations. With each country 
having specific political, economic and social 
characteristics that can give rise to various risks 
and uncertainties, the Group’s business operations, 
project execution, fleet investment and financial 
performance can be adversely impacted as a result 
of, but not limited to:
•
 economic instability
•
 political strategy, legal, fiscal and regulatory 
uncertainty and change, including individual 
countries’ commitments, targets and measures 
to address climate change
•
 onerous local content obligations
•
 sanction, trade or tariff restrictions and 
export controls
•
 civil or political unrest, including war
•
 regime change.
MITIGATION
Country or regional risks are identified and evaluated 
before and during Group operations in such markets. 
Appropriate risk responses are developed and 
implemented to mitigate the likelihood and impact 
of identified risks. The Group adopts a proactive and 
rigorous approach to assessing and mitigating these 
risks and, where possible, looks to develop local or 
regional management teams to strengthen its knowledge 
of, and presence in, the countries of operation.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT RISKS
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 2025 35
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 38]
RISK
TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION
Our clients seek cost-effective solutions to develop 
energy resources, particularly in deep water and 
challenging offshore environments, to enhance the 
full-field lifecycle. The Group’s experience of 
designing and executing projects across the globe 
helps create sustainable value by delivering offshore 
energy transition solutions. To make this possible, 
the Group differentiates itself by focusing on early 
engagement and system innovation, collaboration and 
partnerships, integrated services, sustainable delivery, 
digital solutions and enabling products. Any failure 
by the Group to anticipate or respond appropriately to 
any of these elements could adversely affect the 
Group’s ability to compete effectively for, and win, 
new work or achieve its targets and objectives of 
making possible the delivery of offshore energy 
for today and tomorrow.
The Group’s ambition for proactive participation 
in the energy transition is focused through two 
key areas: lower-carbon-intensity oil and gas 
developments, and renewables and emerging 
energies. Technology advancements are key to 
progressing in these areas. The Group has to 
balance the risks of not investing sufficiently 
and losing market position versus investing in or 
developing technology that becomes superseded 
or immediately obsolete.
Introducing technology, systems or products  
that are insufficiently mature or unsatisfactorily 
implemented to keep pace with the timescale 
expected by society, governing bodies and countries 
to provide lower-carbon energy in a sustainable and 
cost-efficient way could have an adverse reputational 
and financial impact for the Group. 
MITIGATION
The Group monitors industry trends and collaborates 
with clients to understand their technology requirements. 
This allows the Group to effectively invest in developing 
differentiated and cost-effective technologies to meet 
current and anticipated client demand.
In developing new technologies, systems and products, 
the risks associated with selecting and pursuing 
appropriate technological solutions, technical completion, 
commercialisation and successful implementation are 
carefully considered and addressed through adherence 
to industry-wide engineering standards and codes, technical 
readiness levels and contractual gate controls operated 
by knowledgeable and experienced Subsea7 personnel.
At each step of the innovation process, safety and the 
cybersecurity aspects of new technology, software and 
systems are considered to ensure the continuity of 
business and operations.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT RISKS CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202536
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 39]
RISK
CLIMATE
The Group is committed to delivering onshore and 
offshore solutions to meet the needs of its clients as 
well as its own strategy that supports sustainable 
energy sources. With a committed strategy to 
facilitating the transition towards lower-carbon and 
renewable energy sources.
It is also focused on climate change and meeting its 
own targets to reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions and 
proactively participating in the energy transition in a 
safe, ethical and responsible manner. This is 
supported in part through investment in new 
technologies, innovative programmes and industry 
sector diversification that reduce both the Group’s 
and its clients’ emissions. Furthermore, the Group 
has an environmental management system that will 
underpin and consolidate its efforts to meet its 
targets and expectations.
The Group recognises the impacts of climate change 
and the potential effect on its business, value chain, 
end users and society and acknowledges the risks 
and potential effects on the business’s future 
associated with not taking steps to mitigate its 
impact. These risks include:
•
 operational and financial risks relating to the 
effect of climate change, for example, the 
availability of sufficient volumes of alternative 
fuel that are commercially viable and can be 
sourced globally to support our goal of reducing
 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions.
•
 emerging regulation leading to increased costs due 
to changes in GHG legislation including carbon 
taxes and emission schemes.
•
 regulation and supervision of climate-related 
risks in the financial sector, which could lead 
to challenges in accessing financial capital.
•
 our ability to keep pace with the timescale required 
to provide emerging energies in a sustainable and 
cost-efficient way.
MITIGATION
Group, country and regional risks are identified and 
evaluated before and throughout business operations, 
and appropriate risk responses are developed and 
implemented to mitigate the likelihood and impact 
of short and medium-term risks.
In 2025, the Group’s sustainability targets and corporate 
disclosures are included in this document, where more 
detailed information of how sustainability and climate-
related impacts, risks and opportunities are shown on 
pages 72 to 126, along with details of how these areas 
help shape the Group’s strategy.
ORGANISATION AND MANAGEMENT RISKS
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 2025 37
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 40]
RISK
PEOPLE
The Group, like many businesses, carries the risk 
of failing to attract and retain suitably skilled and 
capable personnel across all business units at a 
time when societal preferences, particularly in the 
younger demographic, are towards opportunities 
in energy transition rather than oil and gas. Failure to 
attract or retain talent or to maintain a collaborative 
working environment could adversely impact the 
Group’s ability to execute projects and its future 
growth prospects.
The Group is a signatory to the UN Global Compact 
and is committed to its 10 principles that summarise 
responsibilities to respect human rights and to avoid 
and address any adverse impacts from the Group’s 
activities. The Group is conscious that the geographic 
diversity of its operations and the many different 
types of work required to be performed by the Group’s 
workforce and its suppliers and subcontractors can 
present increased risks of human rights violations and 
unacceptable labour practices. The Group is particularly 
focused on those human rights risks that would have 
the greatest impact, such as child labour, slavery and 
human trafficking, and other types of forced labour.
MITIGATION
The Group’s commitment to lowering its own emissions 
but also finding solutions to support a lower-carbon 
energy transition, and its strong presence across 
all offshore energy types including renewables and 
emerging energies, is a differentiator. Having the ability 
to offer career opportunities as well as offering modern 
and flexible working arrangements, continues to generate 
positive employer engagement.
The Group utilises medium-term business projections 
to assess resource requirements, which allows timely, 
corrective intervention to appropriately resource the 
organisation in terms of size, profile, competency mix 
and location.
The Group monitors attrition by function and geography 
and has developed appropriate remuneration and incentive 
packages to help attract and retain key employees.
Performance management and succession planning 
processes are in place to develop staff and identify 
high-potential individuals for key roles in the business.
The Group has a human rights programme designed to 
identify and manage human rights risks, with a particular 
focus on child labour, slavery and human trafficking, and 
other types of forced labour, consistent with the UN 
Global Compact and the Building Responsibly Worker 
Welfare Principles. With the support of external experts, 
it has designed in-person training for delivery to a target 
audience of employees across the Group who have a 
role to play in identifying and managing the relevant risks. 
The Group conducts risk assessments to identify and 
understand where we might find risks and supports the 
creation of action plans to address high-risk areas and 
any gaps in our policies and procedures. The Group 
reinforces the importance of compliance with the 
Group’s Code of Conduct and its Code of Conduct 
for Suppliers with internal personnel and its supply 
chain, respectively, as well as its Human Rights Policy 
Statement. All three documents include clear guidance 
and expectations regarding human rights standards.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT RISKS CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202538
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 41]
RISK
COMPLIANCE AND ETHICS
The Group is committed to conducting business 
in accordance with applicable law and the highest 
ethical standards. However, there is a risk that its 
employees, representatives or other persons 
associated with it may take actions that breach 
the Group’s Code of Conduct or applicable laws, 
including, but not limited to, bribery or corruption.
The Group assesses such risks, which vary across 
its geographical locations. The Group has identified 
the following as being the most significant corruption 
risks it faces:
•
 small bribes and facilitation payments, especially 
in relation to the movement of vessels, people 
and materials
•
 illicit enrichment of public officials through hidden 
interests in local partners or suppliers that local 
content laws require us to use
•
 bribery to win work
•
 bribery to get variation orders approved
•
 bribery to get work certified or paid.
The above risks may increase when working with 
partners or third parties. These risks are inherent 
in our sector, in particular in countries where local 
content requirements are significant.
Any compliance and ethics breach could result in 
monetary penalties, convictions, debarment and damage
 
to the Group’s reputation and could impact its ability 
to do business.
MITIGATION
The Group is confident that the risks identified are 
adequately managed by its compliance and ethics 
programme and, in many cases, by its clients’ robust 
procurement procedures. Integrity is one of the Group’s 
Values and the Group has an Ethics Policy Statement 
and Code of Conduct, which clearly set out the behaviours 
expected of its employees and those who work for it, 
including suppliers and other third parties. These policies 
are regularly updated to ensure they remain current.
The Group has a compliance and ethics programme 
underpinned by its Values and designed in accordance 
with international best practice to embed the Code of 
Conduct, prevent bribery and corruption, and manage 
compliance and ethics risks generally. The programme 
includes financial controls, risk assessments  
and procedures for managing third-party risks. 
Mandatory annual compliance and ethics e-learning, and 
an annual Integrity Day for employees, raise awareness, 
highlight the potential consequences and empower and 
embed a culture of integrity. Employees are encouraged 
to raise concerns about possible non-compliance 
through an externally administered whistleblowing line. 
There is a strong focus on a culture of ethics and 
integrity. More information can be found on our website 
and in our Sustainability Statements on pages 72 to 126.
A committee comprising the members of the 
Executive Management Team sets objectives for 
the implementation and continual improvement of the 
programme and monitors progress. Regular reports are 
provided to the Board of Directors.
The Group regularly engages an independent third-party 
assurance provider to benchmark its compliance and 
ethics programme against best practice, including the 
International Standards Organization’s ISO 37001-2016 
(the International Anti-Bribery Management System 
Standard). The Group’s programme has been certified 
against ISO 37001-2016 by EuroCompliance.
ORGANISATION AND MANAGEMENT RISKS
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 2025 39
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 42]
RISK
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS, CYBER  
RISK AND SECURITY
The Group’s operations depend on the availability 
and security of a number of key information 
technology (IT) and operational technology systems. 
The Group’s investment in its digitalisation 
programme combined with the acquisition of data-
driven businesses and the speed at which AI is 
advancing means the risk of these systems being 
disrupted or compromised by a general failure or by 
cyberattacks is increasingly relevant. Reliance on the 
use of data and cloud storage facilities has the 
associated risks of IT, operational technology, 
systems and cybersecurity failures. Such risks 
include, but are not limited to:
•
 unauthorised access to key operational, financial or 
group-wide systems
•
 shadow IT
•
 malware
•
 theft and misappropriation of sensitive information
•
 fraud attacks
•
 data management and non-compliance with 
legislation such as the EU General Data Protection 
Regulation (GDPR)
•
 increasing use of IT to interconnect with multiple 
stakeholders and the possibility of such 
interconnectivity being disrupted to their detriment
•
 denial of access to or utilisation of assets with the 
risk of a potential loss or damage event
•
 emerging threats, including advanced attacker 
tactics and techniques, and the use of social media 
and artificial intelligence.
Such breaches in security could adversely 
 
impact the Group’s ability to maintain ongoing 
business operations and lead to financial and asset 
loss, reputational damage, potential physical harm, 
loss of client and shareholder confidence and could 
result in regulatory breach and subsequent penalties.
MITIGATION
The Group recognises the increased frequency of 
cybersecurity threats and that with the speed and pace 
of AI advancements, the Group must adapt its protection 
measures. It reviews its infrastructure, suppliers, policies, 
procedures and defences to mitigate associated risks 
and keeps abreast of risk intelligence by engaging 
market-leading specialists where appropriate.
It assesses the technology framework against approved 
independent standards and maintains a programme 
of investment in new hardware, software and systems 
to ensure the integrity of its IT security and defences. 
The Group works with recognised independent industry 
experts to audit and test the sustainability of its security 
systems and assesses the business and operational 
impact of a cyber event, analysing varied scenarios, 
interruption types and the effectiveness 
of recovery plans.
The Group has a number of IT policies, including a policy 
on information security, designed to protect its systems 
and ensure their availability and integrity as well as 
combat attempted fraud. These policies are regularly 
reviewed to ensure they continue to address existing 
and emerging information security, cyber-maritime 
and cyber-crime risks as well as GDPR.
Mandatory internal e-learning courses and regular 
phishing simulation tests are used to maintain a high level 
of awareness among the workforce of IT security risks 
and of the Group’s procedures to manage them.
The Group’s Executive Vice President of Projects & 
Operations has responsibility for ensuring the setting 
and implementation of the Group’s cybersecurity 
strategy. This is reported through the Executive Risk 
Committee, which reports to the Group’s CEO on all 
matters of risk, and to the Board of Directors on a 
six-monthly basis. A member of the Board is identified 
as the Board’s focal point for cybersecurity.
BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT RISKS CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202540
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 43]
RISK
BIDDING
The Group wins most of its work through a competitive 
tendering process. A significant proportion of the 
Group’s work is undertaken by way of fixed-price 
contracts, which exposes the Group to increases 
in supply chain costs. Failure to secure and manage 
costs could impact the Group’s financial performance. 
Risks include the inability to maintain price validity 
from our supply chain if there is commodity 
price fluctuation, rapid price escalation, delay 
in project award, or re
-
phasing that leads to 
schedule amendments.
An inability to understand, learn from prior 
experience and respond appropriately to operational 
and contractual risks or accurately estimate project 
costs could have an adverse impact on the Group’s 
legal liability and financial performance and position.
Our clients’ financial strength and the economic 
viability of their projects can be impacted by multiple 
factors that are outside the control of the Group 
and, in some instances, clients may request specific 
payment terms or payment deferrals, which can 
have a negative impact on the financial position 
of the Group.
MITIGATION
All bids are subject to the Group’s estimating and 
tendering processes and authority levels. Cost estimates 
are prepared on the basis of a detailed standard costing 
analysis, and the selling price, contract terms and financial 
milestones are based on the Group’s commercial 
contracting standards and market conditions and, 
where appropriate, the financial due diligence of the 
parties involved. Where possible, key supply chain or 
subcontractor terms and conditions are negotiated 
alongside the main client contract to reduce the risk 
of non-alignment of contracting terms or the absence 
of price certainty. Volatility in commodity prices can 
be mitigated by including contractual adjustment 
mechanisms with both clients and suppliers.
Before the tender is submitted, a formal multi-gate 
review process is performed. Tenders are first reviewed 
at a regional level where the technical, operational, legal 
and financial aspects of the proposal are considered in 
detail. Completion of the regional review process 
requires the formal approval of the appropriate level 
of management. Dependent on the tender value and 
complexity such as technology and partnering, there is 
an escalating level of approval required. Tenders meeting 
specific financial and risk criteria are reviewed and 
approved by the Tender Committee of the Board 
of Directors.
RISK
REALISATION AND RENEWAL  
OF BACKLOG
Delays (including those related to clients’ final 
investment decisions), suspensions, cancellations, 
re-phasing or changes to scope or content of 
awarded projects recorded in backlog could 
materially impact the financial performance and 
position of the Group in current and future years.
MITIGATION
The Group works to mitigate these risks through its 
contractual terms, including, where possible, provision 
for cancellation fees or early termination payments.
DELIVERY AND OPERATIONAL RISKS
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 2025 41
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 44]
RISK
JOINT VENTURES
The Group may engage in commercial joint ventures 
with selected partners to obtain necessary expertise 
or local knowledge and contract or partner with 
specialist companies to develop new or emerging 
business opportunities. A failure to find an appropriate 
joint venture partner or a failure by a joint venture 
partner to perform to the standards required by 
the joint venture agreement could result in negative 
financial and reputational impact to the Group. 
Misalignment between Subsea7 and a joint 
venture partner on strategic matters could lead  
to a deadlock, impacting negatively, inter alia, on 
project execution. In addition, the failure of a joint 
venture partner to meet its financial obligations could 
result in an adverse impact on the Group’s financial 
performance and position.
MITIGATION
The Group seeks to ensure that selected joint venture 
partners not only have the necessary expertise, local 
knowledge and suitable financial profile but are also 
able to meet the Group’s health, safety, security, 
environmental and quality (HSSEQ) standards and its 
Code of Conduct obligations. The Group has established 
appropriate governance and oversight mechanisms to 
monitor the performance of its joint ventures and joint 
venture partners with regard to such matters.
RISK
PROJECT EXECUTION
The Group executes complex projects, and a failure 
to have the best people, assets and technological 
solutions and engineering procedures to deliver these 
could result in failure and be damaging to the Group 
both reputationally and financially. As well as project 
execution, a failure to meet and achieve the 
necessary contractual requirements could have 
several adverse consequences, including contract 
disputes, rejected claims and cost overruns, which 
could expose the Group to operational and financial 
losses that are material to the Group’s overall 
performance, position and reputation.
For most contracts, the offshore execution phase, 
which generally involves the use of either single or 
multiple vessels, is usually the most hazardous, as 
this phase is exposed, among other risks, to adverse 
or extreme weather conditions or the risk of loss or 
damage to the contracted works. These hazards can 
result in scheduling adjustments, damage to vessels 
and equipment, repair or rework, injury to those 
working offshore or financial loss.
The Group must also continue to innovate and 
develop products and solutions and maintain a fleet that 
allow it to deliver lower-carbon developments as well as 
to enable the growth of renewables and emerging 
energies. Errors or defects in product design and 
production could expose the Group to additional 
warranty or product liability risks. The size and 
scale of offshore infrastructure, particularly in 
the renewables sector, could stretch beyond the 
current fleet’s capabilities or limit the supply chain 
to fewer participants.
MITIGATION
The Group assigns a project management team to 
every project. Every project is assessed by regional 
management using the Project Monthly Status Report 
review process. These reviews cover project progress, 
risk management, cost management, financial performance 
and sensitivity analysis. Detailed assessments of costs and 
revenue are estimated and reported upon, taking into 
account project performance, planning schedules, 
contract variations, claims, risk exposure, allowances 
and contingency analysis. The Group continues to 
promote a balanced approach to risk allocation and has 
supported the International Maritime Contractors 
Association in producing a set of contractual principles 
for the renewables industry. The Group is selective about 
which projects it undertakes, ensuring that those it takes 
on have a balanced risk profile where the risks retained 
are understood and can be managed.
The Group factors the risk of adverse weather 
conditions into the design of its vessels, equipment 
and procedures and project scheduling, as well as 
the training of its offshore workforce. It also works 
to mitigate potential adverse financial consequences 
when negotiating contractual terms with its clients.
Innovative products are commercialised after rigorous 
testing that is subject to a hierarchy of industry-recognised 
technical readiness level reviews.
DELIVERY AND OPERATIONAL RISKS CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202542
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 45]
RISK
SUPPLY CHAIN
The supply chain is critical to the Group’s operational 
efficiency and therefore any factors which results in 
a reduced choice of suppliers affects the Group’s 
operational and financial performance and could 
result in longer lead times and higher costs.
Suppliers could face financial difficulty affecting 
their ability to perform, and, in more severe scenarios, 
this could result in suppliers being made insolvent. 
Other factors such as pandemics, extreme weather, 
financial uncertainty, civil unrest, political uncertainty, 
war or other unforeseen external factors could cause 
significant interruption affecting elements of the supply 
chain, affecting our ability to deliver our clients’ 
projects and causing disruption to ongoing Group 
capital expenditure initiatives such as vessel 
construction, dry-dockings and upgrades.
Our supply chain is impacted by world events and 
rising inflation as well as increased demand. In light 
of increased geographical instability, suppliers across 
many countries are redirecting their focus to prioritise 
home country defence initiatives. The war in Ukraine 
and consequent sanctions on Russia, increasing 
threats of trade sanctions, export control and trade 
tariffs from certain jurisdictions and the likely 
retaliations continue to pose risks to the Group’s 
operations. Unexpected increases in supply chain 
pricing or delays in delivering products could affect 
project scheduling as well as negatively impact 
the Group’s financial performance.
The resultant time delays or increased costs could 
lead to irrecoverable costs to the Group and the 
imposition of financial penalties by clients, as well 
as reputational damage and reduced competitiveness. 
Cost is a necessary consideration in the selection 
of key suppliers and balancing this with quality 
and control assurance is a risk. Faulty or damaged 
components could result in additional project costs 
that may not be fully recoverable from the supplier 
and would be borne by the Group.
Increasing legislative requirements in relation to 
sustainability topics imposed on the supply chain, 
coupled with the potential failure of suppliers to 
accurately measure and provide reliable information 
on their sustainability performance, puts the Group 
at risk of working with suppliers who are not wholly 
compliant with the applicable legislation and could 
limit the Group’s ability to accurately report its 
own performance.
MITIGATION
The Group seeks to develop strong, long-term 
relationships with high-quality and competent suppliers, 
working to balance costs at a sustainable level and not 
only engage on a lowest-bid basis. Long-term contractual 
arrangements and the use of collaboration models as 
appropriate allow us to secure supplier commitment 
and access in the current market as well as into the 
future, especially with our key category suppliers. We 
are developing supplier strategies, and partnerships with 
key suppliers, to service our energy transition clients. We 
are diversifying our supply chain by finding new suppliers, 
in some cases in different industries and new regions, 
which helps the Group to mitigate the risk of single-source 
suppliers exiting the sector.
Our supplier sourcing, qualification, screening, monitoring 
and assurance processes and procedures are designed 
to identify potential risks in our supply chain. Regular 
engagement with our key suppliers and ensuring the 
relevant topics are on the agenda help to reinforce our 
shared commitment to building long-term value through 
sustainable supply chain management.
The financial profile and outlook of the Group’s key 
suppliers is reviewed during the pre-qualification process 
for suppliers and is considered prior to entering into 
project-related commitments. We are leveraging digital 
tools such as SAP Ariba throughout the entire supplier 
lifecycle to improve productivity and maintain reasonable 
levels of assurance that we can continue working with 
such suppliers. Unforeseen external factors leading 
to interruptions in supply chain delivery are difficult to 
manage; however, the Group evaluates these risks and 
where possible will seek to avoid single-source suppliers 
and will seek to mitigate the financial impact of any 
interruptions through appropriate contractual terms 
and conditions. These may include back-to-back 
supplier pricing, index-linked pricing and a balanced 
cost-escalation mechanism where appropriate.
If necessary, appropriate guarantees or performance-
related bonds are requested from our key suppliers. 
As part of the supplier selection process, the Group 
engages qualified quality assurance and quality control 
specialists, and there is close collaboration between 
supply chain management and engineering. Both quality 
and engineering functions also play an active role 
throughout the duration of a project, with teams on 
the ground at key supplier locations to ensure quality 
standards and timelines for delivery are met and 
assurance policies are followed.
We are engaging with our key suppliers to better 
understand their sustainability commitments and 
where they are on their journey towards meeting their 
objectives. This allows us to prioritise and focus on 
ensuring that we work with a sustainable supply chain, in 
line with the Group’s own priorities and focus areas.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 43
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 46]
RISK
HEALTH, SAFETY, SECURITY, 
ENVIRONMENTAL AND QUALITY
The Group’s projects are complex and are 
sometimes performed in unfamiliar environments 
in varied conditions. This requires continuous 
monitoring and management of health, safety, 
security, environmental and quality (HSSEQ) risks 
associated with transit routes, the location of work, 
project specification and installation methods – as 
well as addressing the location and assets utilised.
A failure to manage these risks could expose our 
people and those who work with us to security 
breaches, illness, injury or harm.
It could also result in an environmental event or 
cause injury or damage to other parties. It could 
result in significant commercial, legal and reputational 
damage or potential disbarment from working in 
the affected country.
The worldwide nature of the Group’s operating 
activities carries the potential for significant health 
risks and disruption to its business operations. 
Communicable or infectious diseases can expose 
the Group to operational disruption and increased 
costs as a result of unexpected business 
interruptions or measures required to ensure the 
safe continuation of the business. 
The risks to the Group include additional costs 
to continue normal operational activities, revised 
arrangements to work safely in accordance with 
changes made in the law, quarantining or isolating 
crew and medical facilities and logistical issues 
associated with the international transit of 
vessels and people. 
MITIGATION
The Group is focused on continuously monitoring 
HSSEQ performance at all levels and actively motivates, 
influences and guides the workforces’ individual and 
collective behaviour.
The Group is committed to protecting the health, 
wellbeing and safety of its people and those working 
on its sites and vessels, as well as minimising its impact 
on the environment. The Group has an HSSEQ policy 
and detailed HSSEQ procedures designed to identify, 
assess and reduce such risks while ensuring compliance 
with relevant laws and regulations. The policy and 
procedures are subject to review, monitoring and 
certification by an independent, internationally 
recognised specialist firm.
The Group mitigates exposure to the risk of 
communicable or infectious diseases by developing 
health procedures and medical screening that adhere 
to the guidance and incorporate the best practice set 
out by world health organisations and industry experts 
and for offshore operations, in compliance with a vessel’s 
flag state. 
DELIVERY AND OPERATIONAL RISKS CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202544
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 47]
RISK
FLEET MANAGEMENT
The Group has a fleet of vessels, which are required 
for the successful delivery of its projects. These 
vessels operate in a number of regions that are 
subject to political, fiscal, legal and regulatory risks. 
Risks also include regulatory requirements related to 
the crewing of the vessels in the regions where they 
are operating. Failure to manage such risks could lead 
to delays and have an adverse impact on the Group’s 
financial performance and position.
Lack of vessel availability is a risk. Uncertainty  
in operational vessel schedules may lead to non-
availability for other projects in the tendering or 
execution phase. Vessel availability could also be 
negatively impacted by delays to vessel construction, 
completion of maintenance, vessel upgrading or 
dry-docking activities. Access to shipyards, ports 
and facilities on a worldwide basis is key to ensuring 
that time-efficient maintenance and construction 
programmes are achieved. An inability to utilise 
certain locations could significantly impact business 
operations and project scheduling and result in 
contractual penalties, reputational damage and 
adversely affect the financial performance of 
the Group.
In extreme circumstances, the non-availability of a 
vessel or multiple vessels through loss or irreparable 
damage could compromise the Group’s ability to meet 
its contractual obligations and cause financial loss. 
Conversely, an under-utilisation of the vessel fleet 
exposes the Group to a risk of under-recovery of 
its total fleet costs.
To maintain the competitiveness of the fleet, the Group 
from time-to-time makes significant investments in the 
construction, conversion or acquisition of new vessels. 
If the anticipated demand for those vessels does not 
materialise, such investments may not generate the 
intended financial return.
The Group also divests assets from time-to-time, 
either by sale for onward use or, in some cases, 
for decommissioning. It is important that assets 
are divested responsibly and that the Group takes 
reasonable measures to ensure it mitigates any 
future liabilities and, in the case of decommissioning 
activities, that it engages with responsible third parties 
who comply with the appropriate regulations, including 
the Hong Kong International Convention for the Safe 
and Environmentally Sound Recycling of Ships.
MITIGATION
The Group considers carefully the political, fiscal, legal 
and regulatory risks associated with the deployment of 
its vessels and crew into regions in which it operates or 
has to navigate. It also monitors developments to ensure 
it can respond appropriately.
To minimise the risk of non-availability, the Group 
dedicates resources to perform vessel scheduling 
centrally rather than at a business unit or region level. 
Vessel construction, maintenance, upgrading and 
dry-docking activities are subject to detailed planning, 
and controls are deployed to mitigate the risk of 
completion delays.
The design and operational capabilities of a vessel are 
carefully assessed before its deployment to a particular 
project and are then closely monitored during the project’s 
execution. The impact of potential non-availability of a 
vessel is mitigated by both the size and flexibility of the 
Group’s fleet and its ability to access the vessel charter 
market. The Group adjusts its fleet size to suit its view of 
the future market by cold- or warm-stacking its excess 
assets, as well as potentially returning chartered tonnage 
to the owners.
Before initiating the construction or acquisition of a new 
vessel, the Group conducts detailed analyses of the 
potential market and seeks to ensure that the vessel’s 
technical specifications and projected capital and operating 
costs are appropriate for the anticipated market.
The Group assesses the market’s need for new vessels 
and, after a rigorous technical and financial review, will 
decide to proceed with construction or conversion where 
there is sufficient future activity and when it anticipates 
acceptable financial returns on its investment.
The Group mitigates the risks associated with future 
liabilities of divested vessels through a know-your-client 
or supplier due diligence process and ensuring the 
contractual agreements contain detailed provisions 
associated with the onward utilisation or the minimum 
requirements to be met for any near-term 
decommissioning activities.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 45
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 48]
RISK
REVENUE AND MARGIN RECOGNITION
Individual period performance may be significantly 
affected by the timing of contract completion, 
at which point the final outcome of a project may  
be fully assessed. Until then, the Group, in common 
with other companies in the sector, uses the 
percentage-of-completion method of accounting 
for revenue and margin recognition. This method 
relies on the Group’s ability to estimate future costs 
in an accurate manner over the remaining life of 
a project. As projects may take a number of years 
to execute, this process requires a significant 
degree of judgement, with changes to estimates or 
unexpected costs or recoveries potentially resulting 
in significant fluctuations in revenue and profitability.
Inaccurate forecasting of the cost-to-complete 
a project and of the revenue that can be earned from 
the client for changes to contract scope could have 
a negative impact on the Group’s management of its 
liquidity and weaken its financial position. Fixed-price 
contracts awarded at low or negative margins 
can create volatility when accounting for project 
performance, as forecast unavoidable losses are 
recognised in full in the period in which they are 
identified. Forecasting during pandemics and 
economic crises is complex and subject to 
increased volatility as changes unfold.
MITIGATION
Project performance is monitored by means of Project 
Monthly Status Reports (PMSRs) which record actual 
cost of work performed, the estimated cost-to-complete 
a project and the estimated full-life project revenue. 
The PMSR allows management to reliably estimate 
the most likely full-life profitability of each project. 
These PMSRs are subject to rigorous review and 
challenge at key levels of management within the 
Group. Note 4 ‘Critical accounting judgements 
and key sources of estimation uncertainty’ to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements provides more 
detail of the Group’s approach to revenue recognition 
on long-term contracts.
FINANCIAL RISKS
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202546
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 49]
RISK
CASH FLOW AND LIQUIDITY
The Group’s working capital position will be affected 
by the timing of contract cash flows, because the 
timing of receipts from clients, typically based on 
achievements of milestones, may not necessarily 
match the timing of payments the Group makes to 
its suppliers.
In executing some of its contracts, the Group is 
required by its clients, in the normal course of business, 
to issue certain guarantees, e.g. performance, advance 
payments and bid bonds. Access to unsecured 
bilateral guarantee arrangements from financial 
institutions in support of these instruments is 
fundamental to the Group’s ability to compete, 
particularly for large engineering, procurement, 
installation and commissioning (EPCI) contracts.
In rare instances, clients may request specific payment 
terms such as extended payment terms or payment 
deferrals, which can negatively impact the cash flow 
profile of projects.
The availability of short-term and long-term external 
financing is important to help meet the Group’s 
financial obligations as they fall due. In the event 
that such financing were unavailable, reduced or 
withdrawn, the Group’s activities would be 
significantly constrained.
MITIGATION
In addition to using its cash and cash equivalents balance 
and cash generated from operations, the Group has 
access to committed financing facilities to meet its core 
financing and working capital needs. The Group’s cash 
position, liquidity, debt leverage and credit-rating-related 
metrics are monitored closely by both the Executive 
Management Team and the Board of Directors.
The Group works to mitigate client payment deferral 
request risks through its contract terms. In addition, the 
Group continuously assesses the creditworthiness of its 
client and supplier bases.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 47
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 50]
The areas listed below, on which we report on the pages 
indicated, are aligned with the Norwegian Code of Practice 
for Corporate Governance.
Gender diversity
OUR BOARD IN 2025
 *  A joint session of the Audit and Sustainability Committee and the Corporate Go vernance, 
Nominations and Risk Committee was held on 26 February 2025 at which all members of both 
committees were present. 
**
  Since the appointment of Treveri S.à r.l. at the AGM on 18 April 2023, Kristian Si
em has 
attended meetings in his capacity as the permanent representative of Treveri S.à r.l. 
***
 Each Director’s attendance is shown as a proportion of the total number of meetings they were 
eligible to attend.
Implementation and reporting on corporate governance 62
Business 55
Equity and dividends 63
Equal treatment of shareholders 64
Shares and negotiability 63
General meetings 62
Nominations Committee 58
Board of Directors: composition and independence 55
The work of the Board of Directors 56
Risk management and internal control 57
Remuneration of the Board of Directors 69
Salary and other remuneration for executive personnel 68
Information and communications 64
Takeovers 64
Auditor 64
Board independence
Board
Audit and 
Sustainability
Committee*
Corporate 
Governance, 
Nominations  
and Risk 
Committee*
Compensation 
Committee
Kristian Siem** 17/17 4/4 6/6
David Mullen*** 17/17 2/2 4/4 4/4
Jean Cahuzac*** 8/8 2/2
Lucia de Andrade*** 9/9 4/4
Niels Kirk 16/17 4/4 6/6
Eldar Sætre 16/17 6/6
Louisa Siem 16/17
Elisabeth Proust Van Heeswijk 17/17 6/6
Total meetings in 2025 17 6 4 6
2025 meeting attendance 
5
Independent
2
Non-independent
Core Industry
Financial/Audit & Risk
Legal/Public Policy
Senior Executive
ESG/Sustainability
Technical/Engineering
Health and Safety
International Markets
M&A/Capital Markets
Cybersecurity/IT
6/7
5/7
1/7
5/7
6/7
5/7
4/7
6/7
5/7
1/7
Skills and experience Board executives
7
Non-executives
0
Executive
4
Male
3
Female
GOVERNANCE AT A GLANCE
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202548
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 51]
As Chairman of the Corporate Governance, Nominations 
and Risk Committee and Senior Independent Director, 
my goal is to provide independent oversight and a constructive 
challenge in order to ensure that the Company has responsible 
corporate governance in place to meet the challenges of 
the present and the future.
The work of the Board during 2025
During 2025, the Board focused primarily on the proposed 
combination with Saipem S.p.A., while continuing to maintain 
the strength of our governance frameworks and regulatory 
compliance. We believe the proposed combination will create 
significant shareholder value and will be beneficial to the 
clients of both Saipem and Subsea7 by bringing together 
the respective strengths of both companies with enhanced 
capabilities across the entire offshore energy value chain.
Focus on the proposed transformational merger
The year began with the signing of a Memorandum of 
Understanding between Saipem S.p.A. and Subsea 7 S.A. 
on 23 February 2025, which set the foundation for what 
should be the most significant transaction in Subsea7’s 
history. Following months of careful due diligence and 
negotiation, the Board was pleased to announce the signing 
of the “Definitive Merger Agreement” on 23 July 2025.
The Board played a crucial role in overseeing the 
governance aspects of this complex transaction, ensuring 
that Subsea7 shareholders’ interests were protected 
throughout the process. The Board was particularly 
gratified by the overwhelming support the proposed 
transaction received from shareholders at the EGM 
on 25 September 2025. 99% of the votes were cast in 
favour of the transaction. Consistent with good corporate 
practices and Luxembourg law, shareholders were 
offered the right to dissent and it is noteworthy that none 
of the voting shareholders elected to exercise this right, 
underpinning the strong confidence in the Board’s 
strategic direction.
Sustainability and regulatory compliance
Sustainability remained a focus for the Board throughout 
2025, with continued preparation for compliance with the 
CSRD. The Audit and Sustainability Committee provided 
oversight of the Company’s sustainability reporting 
processes. In 2025, the Luxembourg regulator carried out 
an analysis of the current state of voluntary CSRD reporting 
among a sample of issuers under its supervision, which 
included Subsea 7 S.A. A report was published covering 
this analysis, highlighting the presentation of our double 
materiality matrix (see: 2024 Annual Report, page 73). 
This was considered to be an example of good practice 
worthy of attention from our supervised issuers and the 
market in general.
Enhanced risk management framework
In preparation for the increased complexity of the combined 
entity, the Board implemented a comprehensive enterprise 
risk management framework during 2025. This framework 
provides enhanced oversight of strategic, operational, 
financial, and compliance risks. The Corporate Governance, 
Nominations and Risk Committee has been instrumental in 
developing these enhanced risk management practices, 
which are aligned with our strategic objectives and 
regulatory requirements.
Board diversity and composition
During 2025, the Board made further progress in improving 
gender diversity, achieving full compliance with the EU 
Women on Boards Directive (EU) 2022/2381 ahead of 
the implementation of the directive in Luxembourg. The 
appointment of Lucia de Andrade, a third female director, 
brings valuable expertise and perspective to the Board. 
The current board composition reflects Subsea7’s ongoing 
commitment to inclusive governance and ensures that the 
Board benefits from a diverse range of skills, experience, 
and viewpoints essential for navigating the energy transition.
The overriding objective of our Board Diversity Policy 
remains to ensure an inclusive and diverse Board with 
a balance of skills, expertise and experience to guide 
Subsea7 through the energy transition. An updated 
overview of the Board’s skills has been conducted 
and can be found on page 48.
Board evaluation
The annual Board evaluation conducted in early 2026 
provided valuable insights into the Board’s effectiveness 
during this most critical year. The evaluation was conducted 
internally and in line with best practice, with an emphasis on 
the Board’s handling of the proposed merger. The review 
recognised the Board’s strategic oversight and decision-
making processes during the merger negotiations and 
approval process.
2025 has been a transformational year that will define 
Subsea7’s future. The proposed combination with Saipem, 
combined with our strengthened governance frameworks 
and enhanced Board diversity, positions us exceptionally 
well for the challenges and opportunities ahead. As we look 
to the future, we remain committed to responsible corporate 
governance, strategic excellence, and sustainable growth 
that create value for all our stakeholders.
DAVID MULLEN
CHAIRMAN OF THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE, 
NOMINATIONS AND RISK COMMITTEE
RESPONSIBLE 
CORPORATE 
GOVERNANCE 
WITH A FOCUS ON 
TRANSFORMATIONAL 
GROWTH
GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 2025 49
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 52]
Date of appointment
Appointed a Non-Executive 
Independent Director on 
8 May 2025.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Skills and experience
Mr Siem brings an extensive 
knowledge of the offshore oil and 
gas services business worldwide 
from previous senior executive and 
non-executive roles, combined with 
long-standing experience as chairman 
of public companies listed in the US, 
UK and Norway. Mr Siem is the 
founder of Siem Industries Group and 
has been Director and Chairman of 
Siem Industries S.A. since 1982. Prior 
to joining the Group, he held several 
management positions with the Fred 
Olsen Group in the US and Norway. 
Mr Siem has previously held 
directorships and executive 
positions at Kvaerner ASA, 
Transocean Inc., NKT and 
Norwegian Cruise Line. He holds 
a degree in Business Economics.
Skills and experience
Mr Kirk brings to the role over 40 
years of international corporate 
and structured finance experience 
combined with extensive knowledge 
of the energy, power and resource 
sectors at executive level. He is a 
co-founder and Executive Chairman 
of the energy advisory firm Kirk 
Lovegrove and Company Ltd, an FCA 
regulated energy advisory firm based 
in London. Prior to this, he worked at 
Citibank and Banque Paribas.
Mr Kirk holds an MBA in Finance 
and International Business from the 
Stern School at New York University. 
Mr Kirk’s extensive experience of 
the energy sector, overlaid with his 
international corporate and structured 
financial risk management experience, 
makes him well placed to provide 
the Board with expertise on risk 
including cybersecurity.
Skills and experience
Mr Mullen brings over 40 years’ 
experience in the oil services 
business. Until August 2024, 
Mr Mullen was CEO of Shelf 
Drilling Limited and has previously 
held the position of CEO at two other 
companies in the subsea industry, 
Wellstream Holdings PLC and Ocean 
Rig ASA. Prior to these appointments, 
he was Senior Vice President 
of Global Marketing, Business 
Development and M&A at 
Transocean from 2005 to 2008. 
Mr Mullen also had a 23-year career 
at Schlumberger, including as 
President of Oilfield Services for 
North and South America. He holds 
a Bachelor of Arts degree in Geology 
and Physics from Trinity College, 
Dublin, and an MSc degree in 
Geophysics from the National 
University of Ireland.
Skills and experience
Ms de Andrade has extensive 
experience in various parts of the oil 
and gas sector including deepwater 
development. With a background in 
chemical engineering, she has held 
multiple executive positions with 
companies such as ABB Lummus 
Global (The Netherlands), Technip 
(Brazil), Subsea7 (Brazil) and most 
recently at Shell (Brazil and USA), 
where she served as SVP Deepwater 
Projects in the USA, until she stepped 
down on 31 December 2024.
Ms de Andrade has a degree in 
chemical engineering from the Federal 
University of Rio de Janeiro in Brazil.
KRISTIAN SIEM*
CHAIRMAN 
DAVID MULLEN
SENIOR INDEPENDENT 
DIRECTOR**
NIELS KIRK
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR**
LUCIA DE ANDRADE
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR**
Committee membership
C  T  G
Committee membership
G  C
Committee membership
C  G
Committee membership
A  T
 * Kristian Siem is the permanent representative of Treveri S.à r.l. on the Board of Directors. Treveri S.à r.l. – a Luxembourg-in corporated company wholly owned by 
Kristian Siem – was appointed Director and Chairman on 18 April 2023.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Date of appointment
Appointed Non-Executive Director 
and Chairman of Subsea 7 S.A. from 
January 2011, upon the merger of 
Acergy S.A. and Subsea 7 Inc. Mr 
Siem was Chairman of Subsea 7 Inc. 
from January 2002.
Date of appointment
Appointed a Non-Executive 
Independent Director from April 2018 
and Senior Independent Director from 
January 2021.
Date of appointment
Appointed a Non-Executive 
Independent Director from 
April 2018.
Key external appointments
Chairman of Siem Industries S.A., 
Director of Treveri S.à r.l., Siem 
Shipping Inc. and Frupor S.A.
Key external appointments
Executive Chairman of Shelf Drilling 
Limited until August 2025.
Key external appointments
Co-founder and Executive Chairman 
of Kirk Lovegrove and Company Ltd.
Key external appointments
Member of the Supervisory 
Board and a Member of the 
Technical & Commercial Committee 
at SBM Offshore.
Nationality and  
date of birth
 1949
Nationality and  
date of birth
 1958
Nationality and 
date of birth
 
  1962
Nationality and  
date of birth
 1957
Tenure
Re-elected by shareholders on  
8 May 2025 until the 2027 AGM.
Tenure
Re-elected by shareholders on 2 May 
2024 until the 2026 AGM.
Tenure
Re-elected by shareholders on 
2 May 2024 until the 2026 AGM.
Tenure
Elected by shareholders on 8 May 
2025 until the 2027 AGM.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 202550
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 53]
Committee key
Chairman G Corporate Governance, 
Nominations and Risk Committee A Audit and Sustainability Committee
C Compensation Committee T Tender Committee
Skills and experience
Mr Sætre brings a wealth of experience in the 
energy sector combined with extensive knowledge 
of accounting and finance. Mr Sætre was President 
and CEO of Equinor from February 2015 until he 
stepped down in November 2020. As CEO he was 
extensively engaged in transforming the cost base 
of the company and creating a more resilient 
global business. Prior to becoming CEO, Mr Sætre 
held several senior management positions in the 
company, mainly in the fields of accounting, finance 
and performance management as well as marketing 
and trading. Mr Sætre has an MA in Business 
Economics from the Norwegian School of 
Economics and Business Administration 
(NHH) in Bergen. 
During his time at Equinor, Mr Sætre transitioned 
Equinor into a company focused on lower carbon 
strategies and new energy solutions, and he 
also holds an advisory role at Nysnø Climate 
Investments, making him ideally suited to provide 
the Board with expertise on sustainability, including 
climate-related matters.
Skills and experience
Ms Siem brings youth and a different perspective 
to the Board as an artist who holds a Bachelor of 
Fine Arts degree from the Ruskin School of Art 
at Oxford University. She has exhibited her work 
internationally, working as a multidisciplinary artist. 
She focuses predominantly on video and sculpture.
Ms Siem is the daughter of Mr Kristian Siem and 
has been selected by Siem Industries S.A. in 
accordance with the relationship agreement 
entered into between Subsea 7 Inc., Subsea 7 S.A. 
(then Acergy S.A.), and Siem Industries S.A. (then 
Siem Industries Inc.) on 20 June 2010, in respect 
of the combination of Subsea 7 Inc. and Acergy S.A., 
which was completed on 7 January 2011.
Ms Siem has a particular interest in biodiversity and 
has agreed to work with Subsea7 management to 
enhance her understanding of the subject as the 
Board’s focal point for biodiversity.
Skills and experience
Ms Proust Van Heeswijk has extensive multi-country 
experience in the oil and gas sector at an executive 
level after spending more than 40 years at Total. 
With a background in engineering, she began her 
career as a drilling engineer at ELF, becoming a 
development engineering and project management 
specialist, which led to her appointment as the first 
female Vice President for Development Engineering 
for Total worldwide. Her experience at Total 
included senior leadership positions as Managing 
Director of Total’s affiliates in Indonesia, Nigeria and 
the UK. Ms Proust Van Heeswijk holds a Master’s 
degree in Engineering/Hydrodynamics from École 
Centrale de Nantes and is a graduate of the 
French Petroleum Institute in Paris. While at Total, 
Ms Proust Van Heeswijk was a member of the 
Diversity Council and Ethics Committee, which 
oversaw human rights matters, and as such she 
is well placed to provide the Board with expertise 
on labour practices and human rights.
ELISABETH PROUST 
VAN HEESWIJK
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR**
ELDAR SÆTRE
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR**
LOUISA SIEM
DIRECTOR
Committee membership
A
Committee membership
A  T
** ‘Independent’ is defined by the rules and codes of corporate governance of the Oslo Børs Stock Exchange, on which Subsea 7 S.A.  is listed, which the Board 
must satisfy; in particular the Norwegian Code of Practice for Corporate Governance. Under the terms of the Company’s Articles of Incorporation, Directors may 
be elected for terms of up to two years and serve until their successors are elected. Under the Company’s Articles of Incorporation, the Board must consist of 
not fewer than three Directors.
Date of appointment
Appointed a Non-Executive Independent Director 
on 18 April 2023. Ms Proust Van Heeswijk 
previously served on the Board of Directors 
between April 2019 and April 2021.
Date of appointment
Appointed a Non-Executive Independent Director 
from June 2021.
Date of appointment
Appointed a Non-Executive Director from 
June 2021.Key external appointments
Director of BlueNord ASA.
Key external appointments
Director of Fjord Base Holding AS and Trucknor AS. 
Chairman of the boards of Strømberg Gruppen AS, 
Vartdal Holding AS and Vartdal Plastindustri AS. 
Advisory role at Nysnø Climate Investments.
Key external appointments
Director of Siem Industries S.A.
Nationality and  
date of birth
 1957
Nationality and  
date of birth
 1956
Nationality and  
date of birth
 1992
Tenure
Re-elected by shareholders on 8 May 2025 until 
the 2027 AGM.
Tenure
Re-elected by shareholders on 8 May 2025 until 
the 2027 AGM.
Tenure
Re-elected by shareholders on 8 May 2025 until 
the 2027 AGM.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 51
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 54]
EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT TEAM
Skills and experience
John has over 35 years of 
experience in the oil and gas 
services industry, primarily in the 
SURF and offshore engineering 
and construction sectors. He 
started his career in 1986, working 
with Brown & Root, and built 
a successful track record in 
both general management, and 
commercial and operational roles, 
in the offshore oil and gas industry.
Prior to his current appointment, 
from July 2005 John held the 
position of Chief Operating 
Officer of Subsea7.
John has a Bachelor of 
Engineering degree in  
Mechanical Engineering from 
Cardiff University, is a Chartered 
Mechanical and Marine Engineer 
and a Chartered Director.
Skills and experience
Mark started his career in  
1996 with the UK Government’s 
Economic Service. In 2000, he 
joined Shell and held several 
finance positions with increasing 
responsibility. Between 2011 and 
2012, he was Vice President 
Finance for Baker Hughes in 
Europe and, from 2012 to 2017, 
he was Group Financial Controller 
for Subsea7. In October 2021, 
he returned to Subsea7 from 
Petrofac where he was Group 
Financial Controller and Senior 
Vice President Finance for its 
Engineering & Construction  
business unit.
Mark has undergraduate  
and postgraduate degrees in 
Economics from the Universities 
of Stirling and Strathclyde 
respectively, an MBA from the 
University of Warwick, and is a 
Fellow of the Association of 
Chartered Certified Accountants.
Skills and experience
Olivier started his career in  
the oil and gas engineering  
and contracting sector in 1995, 
working for seven years with 
Entrepose Contracting in project 
management and commercial 
roles, based in Nigeria, China  
and France.
Since joining Subsea7 in 2002, 
Olivier has held a number of 
country, regional and corporate 
management positions based in 
the North Sea, Africa, Asia and the 
Middle East. In 2016, Olivier was 
appointed Vice President of Asia 
Pacific and the Middle East until 
his appointment to Executive  
Vice President – Subsea and 
Conventional in January 2020.
Olivier has a degree in Mechanical 
and Electrical Engineering from 
the École Spéciale des Travaux 
Publics in Paris.
Skills and experience
Phil began his career in 1987 in 
offshore drilling, until 1992 when 
he became an engineer for 
pipeline installation contractor 
European Marine Contractors. 
Phil has more than 30 years’ 
experience in the subsea  
pipelines business.
Phil joined Subsea7 in Aberdeen  
in 2004 as a senior project 
manager and in 2011 was 
appointed Vice President for 
Canada, Mediterranean and 
Russia. In 2013 he was appointed 
Vice President for UK and Canada 
before taking up the role of Vice 
President for North Sea and 
Canada in 2016. In 2018 Phil was 
appointed Senior Vice President 
Global Projects and Operations.
Phil has a Bachelor of Engineering 
degree in Mining Engineering from 
the University of Leeds.
JOHN EVANS
CHIEF EXECUTIVE  
OFFICER
MARK FOLEY
CHIEF FINANCIAL  
OFFICER
OLIVIER 
BLARINGHEM
EXECUTIVE VICE  
PRESIDENT – SUBSEA  
AND CONVENTIONAL
PHILLIP SIMONS
EXECUTIVE VICE  
PRESIDENT – PROJECTS  
AND OPERATIONS
EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT TEAM
Date of appointment
John has been Chief Executive 
Officer since January 2020.
Date of appointment
Mark has been Chief Financial 
Officer since January 2022.
Date of appointment
Olivier has been Executive  
Vice President – Subsea and 
Conventional since January 2020.
Date of appointment
Phil has been Executive Vice 
President – Projects and 
Operations since January 2020.
Nationality and  
date of birth
 1963
Nationality and  
date of birth
 1973
Nationality and  
date of birth
 1970
Nationality and  
date of birth
 1966
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 202552
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 55]
Skills and experience
Nathalie began her legal career in 
1986, working with Saint-Gobain 
and Eurotunnel, gaining extensive 
legal experience across various 
industries. In 1996 she joined 
Technip, based in Paris, 
progressing to the role of Vice 
President Legal – Offshore.
In 2006 Nathalie joined Subsea7 
performing senior corporate and 
operational legal roles. Prior to 
her current appointment Nathalie 
was Vice President Legal – 
Commercial.
Nathalie has been admitted  
to the Paris Bar and has legal 
qualifications from University Paris 
I – Panthéon Sorbonne and Paris 
XI in France and the University of 
Kent in the UK.
Skills and experience
Kate began her career in the 
power generation sector with 
Alstom, where she held roles 
in Belgium, France, the UK and 
the US. In 2004 she moved to 
Imerys where she was initially 
HR Director for the Paper division 
before being appointed as HR 
Director for the Ceramics, 
Refractories, Abrasives, and 
Foundry business based in Paris.
In 2012 Kate joined Subsea7 
as Vice President Group Human 
Resources, a role which she held 
until her current appointment.
Kate has a business degree from 
the University of Brighton and is 
a fellow of the Chartered Institute  
of Personnel and Development.
Skills and experience
Marcelo began his career in 
Subsea7 in 2001 as a pipeline 
engineer and over the last 20 
years has held a number of 
operational and commercial  
roles within the Subsea7 Group.
In 2017, Marcelo was appointed 
Vice President for Brazil after 
three years working for the Africa 
region. In 2021, he was appointed 
Group Vice President for Sales 
and Marketing based in the UK.
Marcelo holds a Master’s degree 
in Subsea Engineering from the 
Universidade Federal do Rio de 
Janeiro. He also holds a graduate 
degree in Mechanical Engineering 
from the Universidade Federal 
Fluminense in Brazil.
Skills and experience
Stuart began his career with a 
specialist marine engineering 
consultancy, progressing to 
Worley Engineering in Australia 
and Brunei. Stuart joined Subsea7 
in 1998 and held operating and 
leadership positions within 
engineering, project management 
and sales at a Norway regional 
level until 2009, when he was 
appointed Vice President for 
Norway. From 2014 to 2018 he 
held the roles of Vice President 
Sales and Marketing and 
subsequently Vice President 
Strategy and Technology.
From 2018 Stuart held executive 
level positions in Subsea7 
and was appointed Chief 
Executive Officer of Seaway7 
in October 2021. In July 2025 
Stuart took on the additional role 
of Chief Integration Officer for the 
proposed merger of Subsea 7 S.A. 
and Saipem S.p.A.
Stuart has a Bachelor of 
Engineering degree in Mechanical 
Engineering and a Bachelor of 
Science degree in Applied 
Mathematics from Monash 
University in Melbourne, Australia.
NATHALIE LOUYS
GENERAL COUNSEL
KATHERINE LYNE
EXECUTIVE VICE 
PRESIDENT – HUMAN 
RESOURCES
MARCELO XAVIER
EXECUTIVE VICE  
PRESIDENT – STRATEGY  
AND SUSTAINABILITY
STUART 
FITZGERALD
CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – SEAWAY7
Date of appointment
Marcelo has been Executive  
Vice President – Strategy and 
Sustainability since April 2022.
Date of appointment
Kate has been Executive Vice 
President – Human Resources 
since September 2019.
Date of appointment
Nathalie has been General 
Counsel since April 2012.
Date of appointment
Stuart has been Chief Executive 
Officer of Seaway7 since 
October 2021, and re-joined the 
Executive Management Team in 
July 2023.
Nationality and  
date of birth
 1963
Nationality and  
date of birth
 1969
Nationality and  
date of birth
  1980
Nationality and  
date of birth
 1969
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 53
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 56]
Legal and regulatory framework
Subsea 7 S.A. is a ‘société anonyme’ organised in the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg under the Company Law of 1915, as 
amended, being incorporated in Luxembourg in 1993, and 
acts as the holding company for all of the Group’s entities.
Subsea 7 S.A.’s registered office is located at 412F, route 
d’Esch, L-1471 Luxembourg. The Company is registered 
with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and 
Companies under the designation ‘R.C.S. Luxembourg B 
43172’. As a company incorporated in Luxembourg and with 
shares traded on the Oslo Stock Exchange and American 
Depositary Receipts (ADRs) traded over the counter in the 
US, Subsea 7 S.A. is subject to Luxembourg laws and 
regulations with respect to corporate governance.
As a company listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange, where 
its shares are actively traded, the Company follows the 
Norwegian Code of Practice for Corporate Governance on 
a ‘comply or explain’ basis, where this does not contradict 
Luxembourg laws and regulations. The Norwegian Code 
of Practice for Corporate Governance is available at 
www.nues.no.
The Group’s corporate governance policies and procedures 
are explained below, with reference to the principles of 
corporate governance as set out in the sections identified 
in the Norwegian Code of Practice for Corporate 
Governance dated 28 August 2025.
Articles of Incorporation – nature of the 
Group’s business
As stated in its Articles of Incorporation, Subsea 7 S.A.’s 
business activities are as follows:
“The objects of the Company are to invest in subsidiaries 
which predominantly will provide subsea construction, 
maintenance, inspection, survey and engineering services, 
in particular for offshore energy related industries. The 
Company may further itself provide such subsea construction, 
maintenance, inspection, survey and engineering services, and 
services ancillary to such services.
“The Company may, without restriction, carry out any and 
all acts and do any and all things that are not prohibited by 
law in connection with its corporate objects and to do such 
things in any part of the world whether as principal, agent, 
contractor or otherwise. More generally, the Company 
may participate in any manner in all commercial, industrial, 
financial and other enterprises of Luxembourg or foreign 
This section sets out the arrangements the 
Board has put in place to help ensure that it 
fulfils its corporate governance obligations, 
including the application of the principles  
of the Norwegian Code of Practice for 
Corporate Governance.
REGULATORY COMPLIANCE
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
KRISTIAN SIEM (REPRESENTATIVE  
OF TREVERI S. à r.l.)
CHAIRMAN
DAVID MULLEN
SENIOR INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
ELDAR SÆTRE
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
ELISABETH PROUST VAN HEESWIJK
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
NIELS KIRK
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
LUCIA DE ANDRADE
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
LOUISA SIEM
DIRECTOR
2025 CORPORATE 
GOVERNANCE REPORT
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202554
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 57]
nationality through the acquisition by participation, 
subscription, purchase, option or by any other means of 
all shares, stocks, debentures, bonds or securities; the 
acquisition of patents and licences which it will administer 
and exploit; it may lend or borrow with or without security, 
provided that any monies so borrowed may only be used 
for the purposes of the Company, or companies which 
are subsidiaries of or associated with or affiliated to the 
Company; it may grant assistance, including, without 
limitation, grant parent company guarantees, to any 
affiliated company and take any measure for the control 
and supervision of such companies; in general it may 
undertake any operations directly or indirectly connected 
with these objects.”
The full text of the Company’s Articles of Incorporation, 
as amended, is available on Subsea7’s website.
Business
The Board of Directors has set strategies and targets for 
the Company’s business. Since 1 January 2021, the Group 
has structured itself around its diversified strengths, 
reporting through two operational business units: 
Subsea and Conventional, and Renewables.
The Subsea and Conventional business unit operates 
globally in offshore energy services, delivering design, EPCI 
and decommissioning projects in all water depths, operating 
under the Subsea7 brand.
The Renewables business unit is an experienced partner 
for the delivery of offshore wind farm projects and specialist 
foundations and cable-lay services, mainly operating under 
the Seaway7 brand.
Further details of the Group’s business units are outlined 
in the ‘Our Strategy’ and ‘Business Unit Financial Review’ 
sections on pages 10 to 11 and 22 to 23, respectively.
Board of Directors: composition and 
independence
As a Luxembourg-incorporated entity, the Company does 
not have a corporate assembly.
The Board of Directors comprises seven Directors. 
During the year ended 31 December 2025, as permitted 
by Luxembourg law, the Subsea7 employees were not 
represented on the Board of Directors. The majority of the 
Directors were, during the year ended 31 December 2025, 
considered independent in accordance with both the rules 
of the Oslo Stock Exchange, on which Subsea 7 S.A. is 
listed, and the independence criteria of the Norwegian 
Code of Practice for Corporate Governance.
The Board has a Senior Independent Director elected from 
among its independent members to provide a sounding 
board for the Chairman and to serve as an intermediary 
for the other Directors when necessary.
Biographies of the individual Directors are detailed on 
pages 50 to 51.
The charters of the permanent committees do not permit 
executive management to be members. The composition 
of the Company’s Board of Directors and the controls to 
avoid conflicts of interest are in accordance with both 
Luxembourg company law and good corporate 
governance practice.
The Board of Directors has adopted a Board Diversity 
Policy, the purpose of which is to ensure an inclusive and 
diverse membership of the Board of Directors and that the 
Board as a whole has the skills, expertise and experience 
to guide the business and strategy of the Company for the 
benefit of its shareholders as a whole, having regard to the 
interests of all its stakeholders.
The Board Diversity Policy, as referenced on page 49, 
is applicable to the Board only but sits alongside the 
Company’s Code of Conduct and associated global policies, 
which set out the Company’s broader commitment to 
diversity and inclusion. Other details of the Company’s 
practices and initiatives in relation to diversity are 
disclosed on page 29.
The Board of Directors’ objective is to have at least 33% 
female representation on the Board. Three out of the 
seven current Directors of the Company are female.
The Corporate Governance, Nominations and Risk 
Committee is responsible for ensuring that the Board has 
the right balance of competencies, skills, experience and 
knowledge and shall, among other things, report annually, 
in the Company’s Annual Report, on the implementation of 
the Board Diversity Policy and other matters as required 
by regulatory and statutory requirements applicable to 
the Company.
Prior to proposing candidates to the relevant general 
meeting for election to the Board of Directors, the 
Corporate Governance, Nominations and Risk Committee 
seeks to consult with the Company’s major shareholders.
Directors are elected by a general meeting for a term not 
exceeding two years and may be re-elected. Directors need 
not be shareholders. At a general meeting, the shareholders 
may dismiss any Director, with or without cause, at any time 
notwithstanding any agreement between the Company and 
the Director. Such dismissal may not prejudice the claims 
that a Director may have for indemnification as provided 
for in the Articles of Incorporation or for a breach of any 
contract existing between him or her and the Company.
If there is a vacancy on the Board of Directors, the 
remaining Directors appointed at a general meeting have 
the right to appoint a replacement Director until the next 
meeting of shareholders, who will be asked to confirm 
such appointment.
With the exception of a candidate recommended by the 
Board of Directors, or a Director whose term of office 
expires at a general meeting of the Company, no candidate 
may be appointed unless, at least three days and no more 
than 22 days before the date of the relevant meeting, a 
written proposal, signed by a duly authorised shareholder, 
has been deposited at the registered office of the Company 
together with a written declaration, signed by the proposed 
candidate, confirming his or her wish to be appointed.
The Directors are encouraged to hold shares in the 
Company as the Board of Directors believes it promotes 
a common financial interest between the members of the 
Board of Directors and the shareholders of the Company. 
Details of the Directors’ shareholdings are on page 69.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 55
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 58]
the Board of Directors is scheduled to convene on 
seven occasions, but the schedule is flexible to react 
to operational or strategic changes in the market and 
circumstances affecting the Group.
The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for 
the management of the Group and has delegated daily 
management and operations to the CEO, who is appointed 
by and serves at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 
The CEO is supported by the other members of the 
Executive Management Team, further details of which 
are on pages 52 to 53.
The Executive Management Team has the collective 
duty to deliver Subsea7’s strategic, financial and other 
objectives, as well as to safeguard the Group’s assets, 
organisation and reputation. The Board of Directors has 
internal regulations for its own operation and approves 
objectives for its own work, as well as the work of the 
Executive Management Team, with particular emphasis 
on clear internal allocation of responsibility and duties.
It is the duty of the Executive Management Team to provide 
the Board of Directors with appropriate, precise and timely 
information on the operations and financial performance 
of the Group in order for the Board of Directors to 
perform its duties. The Board of Directors has established 
a Corporate Governance, Nominations and Risk Committee, 
a Compensation Committee, a Tender Committee and 
an Audit and Sustainability Committee, each of which has 
a charter approved by the Board of Directors. Matters are 
delegated to the committees as appropriate. The Directors 
appointed to these committees are selected based on their 
experience and to ensure the committees operate in an 
effective manner. The minutes of all committee meetings 
are circulated to all Directors.
The performance and expertise of the Board of Directors 
is monitored and reviewed annually, including an evaluation 
of its composition and the manner in which its members 
function, both individually and as a collegiate body. In line 
with best practice, the evaluation of the performance of the 
Board of Directors is conducted by an external facilitator 
every third year. During 2025, the evaluation of the 
performance of the Board of Directors was conducted 
internally by the Company Secretary and further details 
of this can be found on page 49.
The Board of Directors adheres to the Board 
Charter, which sets out the instructions for 
the Board.
The main responsibilities of the Board of Directors are:
1.
 Setting the Values used to guide the affairs of the 
Group. This includes the Group’s commitment to 
achieving its health and safety vision and the Group’s 
adherence to the highest ethical standards in all of its 
operations worldwide.
2.
 Integrating environmental improvement into business 
plans and strategies and seeking to embed sustainability 
and climate-related matters into the Group’s 
business processes.
3.
 Overseeing the Group’s compliance with its statutory 
and regulatory obligations and ensuring that systems 
and processes are in place to enable these obligations 
to be met.
4.
 Setting the strategy and targets of the Group.
5.
 Establishing and maintaining an effective corporate 
structure for the Group.
6.
 Overseeing the Group’s compliance with financial 
reporting and disclosure obligations.
7.
 Overseeing the risk management of the Group.
8.
 Overseeing Group communications.
9.
 Determining its own composition, subject to the 
provisions of the Company’s Articles of Incorporation.
10.
 Ensuring the effective corporate governance of the Group.
11.
 Setting the Remuneration Policy for the Directors, 
including the Non-Executive Directors’ fees, as well 
as the CEO’s remuneration, and approving the 
Remuneration Report as proposed by the 
Compensation Committee.
12.
 Setting and approving policies.
The Board of Directors’ Charter is available on the 
 
Subsea7 website.
Responsibilities during the year
During the year, the Board of Directors sets a plan for 
its work for the following year, which includes a review 
of strategy, objectives and their implementation, the 
review and approval of the annual budget and the review 
and monitoring of the Group’s current year financial 
performance. In 2026, but subject to completion of 
the proposed merger with Saipem S.p.A., 
WORK OF THE BOARD 
OF DIRECTORS
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202556
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 59]
Risk management and internal control
The Board of Directors acknowledges its responsibility 
for the Group’s identification and management of risk along 
with the system of internal control and for reviewing the 
effectiveness of this system. The Group’s system of internal 
control is designed to manage, rather than eliminate, 
the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and 
can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance 
against material financial misstatement or loss. The Board 
of Directors carries out an annual review of the Group’s 
most important areas of exposure to risk and its internal 
control arrangements, having regard to the changing 
nature of risks and the Group’s ability to cope with them.
The Group adopts internal controls appropriate to its 
business activities and geographical spread. The key 
components of the Group’s system of risk management 
and internal control are described in the ‘Risk Management 
Overview’ section on pages 30 to 47. The Group has in 
place clearly defined lines of responsibility and limits of 
delegated authority. Comprehensive procedures provide 
for the appraisal, approval, control and review of capital 
expenditure. An Executive Risk Committee meets biannually 
to review priority and emerging risks and to review and 
discuss the Group’s risk and risk management procedures. 
The Executive Risk Committee reports to the Board. The 
Executive Management Team also meets with functional 
senior management on a regular basis to discuss particular 
issues, including key operational and commercial risks, 
health and safety performance, sustainability and climate-
related matters, environmental factors, and legal and 
financial matters.
The Corporate Governance, Nominations and Risk 
Committee is appointed by the Board of Directors. One 
of the Committee’s responsibilities is to oversee the Group’s 
risk management framework and periodically review priority 
and emerging risks. The Group Head of Insurance & Risk 
prepares a report for the Committee and presents to the 
Board annually.
The Group has a comprehensive annual planning and 
management reporting process. A detailed annual budget 
is prepared in advance of each year and supplemented by 
forecasts updated during the course of the year. Financial 
results are reported monthly to the Executive Management 
Team and quarterly to the Board of Directors and compared 
to budget, forecasts, market consensus and prior year results.
The Board of Directors reviews reports on actual financial 
performance and forward-looking financial guidance.
The Board of Directors derives further assurances from the 
reports of the Audit and Sustainability Committee. The Audit 
and Sustainability Committee has been delegated responsibility 
to review the effectiveness of the internal financial control 
systems implemented by management and is assisted by 
the Group’s internal audit function and the external auditor 
where appropriate.
Sustainability
In accordance with its charter detailed on page 56, the 
Board of Directors is responsible for guiding the Company’s 
strategy and setting targets in relation to sustainability and 
climate-related matters, and when defining the objectives, 
strategies and risk profiles for the Company’s business 
activities, sustainability impacts, risks and opportunities 
are considered.
The Board has delegated authority to the Audit and 
Sustainability Committee to include oversight of sustainability 
matters. These responsibilities include, among others, 
monitoring sustainability reporting processes and the 
effectiveness of internal controls and risk management 
regarding the sustainability reporting process. The Audit 
and Sustainability Committee provides a report to the Board 
of Directors after every meeting and this enables a clear 
communication channel to the Board of Directors.
As detailed on page 59, the Audit and Sustainability 
Committee is chaired by Mr Eldar Sætre, who has recent 
and relevant experience in sustainability matters as detailed 
in his biography on page 51. Additionally, as summarised 
on page 48, an assessment of the skills, expertise and 
experience of the Board of Directors is carried out each 
year, and sustainability skills and expertise are reviewed 
as part of the assessment. The most recent assessment 
indicated that six out of seven Directors have sustainability 
skills and experience of direct relevance to the Company’s 
material impacts, risks and opportunities, including, but not 
limited to, climate strategy, health and safety, diversity 
and inclusion, labour practices and human rights, and 
cybersecurity and privacy. Director’s biographies, which 
provide further details of their experience, are available 
on pages 50 to 51.
At management level, an Executive Sustainability 
Committee, comprising the Executive Management 
Team meets regularly to review and discuss the Group’s 
sustainability procedures and reports to the Board of 
Directors. Sustainability and climate-related matters 
represent a permanent feature on every routine Board 
agenda, allowing the Board of Directors to monitor 
and oversee the Company’s progress in relation to its 
sustainability strategy and targets. This is in line with 
the Board’s aim to carry out business in a manner that 
is sustainable for the Company’s shareholders, having 
regard to financial, social and environmental considerations.
You can read further about sustainability governance in 
the ‘Sustainability Governance’ section on pages 73 to 74.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 57
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 60]
5. Annually reviewing the Company’s corporate 
governance guidelines, procedures and policies for the 
Board of Directors and recommending to the Board 
of Directors any changes and/or additions thereto that 
it believes are desirable and/or required. These 
governance guidelines include the following:
•
 how the Board of Directors is selected and 
compensated (for example, the size of the Board, 
Directors’ compensation, qualifications, independence, 
retirement and conflicts of interest).
•
 how the Board of Directors functions (for example, 
procedures for Board meetings, agendas, committee 
structure and format and distribution of Board materials).
•
 how the Board of Directors interacts with 
shareholders and management (for example, 
selection and evaluation of the CEO, succession 
planning, communications with shareholders and 
access to management).
6.
 Overseeing the annual evaluation of the Board 
of Directors’ performance.
7.
 Overseeing all aspects of Subsea7’s compliance and 
ethics programme. This includes a regular review of the 
structure of the compliance function, the scope of its 
activities and the effective implementation of the 
programme (including procedures for employees to 
raise concerns about breaches of the Group’s Code 
of Conduct and for such concerns to be investigated 
and remediated).
8.
 Overseeing Subsea7’s risk management framework and 
periodically reviewing the priority risks, including:
•
 a regular review with the Head of Insurance and Risk, 
to discuss the performance and focus areas of the 
Executive Risk Committee as well as emerging risks.
•
 approval of the content for the ‘Principal Risks and 
Uncertainties’ section of the Company’s Annual Report.
9.
 Annually reviewing the Committee’s own performance.
The Corporate Governance, Nominations and Risk 
Committee Charter is available on the Subsea7 website.
The Board of Directors has established a 
Corporate Governance, Nominations and 
Risk Committee. The composition of this 
Committee is for the Board of Directors to 
determine in accordance with the Company’s 
Articles of Incorporation. The Board of 
Directors believes that the committee, 
comprising certain members of the Board 
of Directors, the majority of whom are 
independent of the Company’s main 
shareholders, has the most suitable 
level of understanding of the Company 
to carry out the duties of the committee.
The Corporate Governance, Nominations and Risk 
Committee’s main responsibilities are:
1.
 Actively seeking and evaluating individuals qualified 
to become Directors of the Company and nominating 
candidates to the Board of Directors.
2.
 Periodically reviewing the composition and duties of the 
Company’s permanent committees and recommending 
any changes to the Board of Directors.
3.
 Periodically reviewing the compensation of the Non-
Executive Directors and making any recommendations 
to the Board of Directors.
4.
 Annually reviewing the duties and performance of 
the Chairman of the Board and recommending to the 
Board of Directors a Director for election by the Board 
of Directors to the position of Chairman of the Board.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE, 
NOMINATIONS AND RISK 
COMMITTEE
Committee members
David Mullen
Committee Chairman
Kristian Siem
Niels Kirk
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202558
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 61]
AUDIT AND SUSTAINABILITY 
COMMITTEE
The Audit and Sustainability Committee 
is responsible for ensuring that the Group 
has an independent and effective external 
and internal audit process. The Audit and 
Sustainability Committee supports the Board 
of Directors in the administration and exercise 
of its responsibility for supervisory oversight 
of financial reporting and internal control 
matters and to maintain appropriate 
relationships with the external auditor. 
The Audit and Sustainability Committee is 
also responsible for monitoring sustainability 
reporting processes and the effectiveness 
of internal controls and risk management 
regarding the sustainability reporting process 
and reports thereon to the Board of Directors. 
A majority of the Audit and Sustainability 
Committee, including the Chairman, are 
independent as required by Luxembourg law.
The Audit and Sustainability Committee’s main 
responsibilities include:
1.
 Monitoring the financial reporting process and submitting
 
recommendations or proposals to ensure its integrity.
2.
 Monitoring the effectiveness of the Company’s and the 
Group’s internal quality controls, internal audit function, 
financial controls framework and, where applicable, risk 
management systems.
3.
 Monitoring the statutory audit of the Company’s Annual 
Accounts and the Consolidated Financial Statements 
of the Group, in particular its performance, taking into 
account any findings and conclusions of the 
competent authority.
4.
 Reviewing the quarterly, half-yearly and annual 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group 
before their approval by the Board of Directors.
5.
 Informing the Board of Directors of the outcome of the 
statutory audit and explaining how the statutory audit 
contributed to the integrity of financial reporting and 
the role of the Committee in that process.
6.
 Reviewing and monitoring the independence of the 
external auditor, in particular with respect to the 
appropriateness of the provision of additional non-audit 
services to the Company and the Group, and putting in 
place procedures and making recommendations with 
respect to the selection and appointment of the 
external auditor.
7.
 Reviewing the report from the external auditor on key 
matters arising from the Group and the Company 
statutory audits.
8.
 Dealing with complaints received directly or via 
management, including information received 
confidentially and anonymously, in relation to 
accounting, financial reporting, internal controls 
and external audit issues.
9.
 Reviewing the disclosure of transactions involving 
related parties.
10.
 Monitoring sustainability reporting processes and the 
effectiveness of internal controls and risk management 
regarding the sustainability reporting process.
11.
 Annually reviewing the Audit and Sustainability 
Committee’s own performance.
The Audit and Sustainability Committee Charter is available 
on the Subsea7 website.
The terms of reference of the Audit and Sustainability 
Committee, as set out in the Audit and Sustainability 
Committee Charter, satisfy the requirements of applicable 
law and are in accordance with the Company’s Articles 
of Incorporation.
The Chairman of the Audit and Sustainability Committee is 
Mr Eldar Sætre, whose biography can be found on page 51. 
The Board of Directors has determined that Mr Sætre is the 
Audit and Sustainability Committee’s financial expert and is 
competent in accounting and audit practice, with recent and 
relevant financial experience. The Audit and Sustainability 
Committee Charter requires that the Audit and Sustainability
 
Committee shall consist of not less than three Directors. 
The Audit and Sustainability Committee meets at least 
four times a year, and its meetings are attended by 
representatives of the external auditor and by the 
Group’s Head of Internal Audit.
Committee members
Eldar Sætre
Committee Chairman
Lucia de Andrade
Elisabeth Proust Van Heeswijk
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 59
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 62]
The Compensation Committee’s main responsibilities are:
1.
 Annually reviewing and approving the compensation 
paid to the executive officers of the Company, with 
 
the exception of the CEO where the Compensation 
Committee may make a recommendation to the Board 
of Directors.
2.
 Reviewing the CEO’s performance against objectives 
and making a proposal to the Board of Directors for 
 
the CEO’s compensation based on its evaluation.
3.
 Overseeing the Company’s remuneration plans in 
accordance with the objectives of the Company and 
making recommendations to the Board of Directors.
4.
 Reviewing remuneration plans and programmes and 
making recommendations to the Board of Directors 
regarding existing executive officer’s compensation 
plans and regarding the adoption of new plans or 
programmes relating to executive officers.
5.
 Recommending to the Board of Directors the terms 
 
of any contractual agreements and other similar 
arrangements that may be entered into with executive 
officers of the Company and its subsidiaries.
6.
 Approving appointments of the CEO, the CEO’s direct 
reports and certain other roles.
7.
 Approving the Remuneration Report to be included 
 
in the Company’s Annual Report.
8.
 Annually reviewing the Compensation Committee’s 
 
own performance.
The Compensation Committee Charter is available on the 
Subsea7 website.
The Compensation Committee is a committee 
of the Board of Directors that has been 
established to assist in developing a fair 
compensation programme for executive 
officers and to ensure compliance with legal 
requirements as to the compensation of 
executive officers.
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
Committee members
Kristian Siem
Committee Chairman
David Mullen
Niels Kirk
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202560
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 63]
TENDER COMMITTEE
The Tender Committee has been established 
by the Board of Directors to review tenders. 
Dependent on the tender value and 
complexity (such as technology and 
partnering), the Company has escalating 
levels of approval requirements. Tenders 
meeting specific financial and risk criteria 
must be reviewed and approved by the 
Tender Committee.
The Tender Committee’s main responsibilities are:
1.
 Assessing tenders meeting specific financial and risk 
criteria as set by the Board of Directors.
2.
 Determining on behalf of the Board of Directors whether 
or not to authorise the CEO/management to proceed 
with such tenders, based on a summary of the tender 
provided by management addressing key items 
including margin, contingency, risk assessment and 
cash flow.
3.
 Calling for any further information that it may 
 
require from management in arriving at a decision  
on proposed tenders.
4.
 Communicating the outcome of each tender review 
to management as soon as reasonably possible.
The Tender Committee Charter is available on the 
 
Subsea7 website.
Committee members
Kristian Siem
Committee Chairman
Lucia de Andrade
Eldar Sætre
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 61
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 64]
Proxy forms are available and may be submitted by eligible 
shareholders. The forms allow separate voting instructions 
to be given for each proposed resolution to one of the 
representatives indicated on the proxy form and also allow 
a person to be nominated to vote on behalf of shareholders 
as their proxy. There will be a separate vote for each 
candidate nominated for election to the Board of Directors. 
Details will be provided in the resolutions and supporting 
information distributed to shareholders ahead of the AGM.
Under Luxembourg law, there are minimum quorum 
requirements for EGMs but no minimum quorum 
requirement for AGMs. Decisions will be validly made at the 
AGM regardless of the number of shares represented if 
approval is obtained from a majority of the votes of those 
shareholders who are present or represented.
The Articles of Incorporation of the Company provide that 
the AGM will be chaired by the Chairman of the Board of 
Directors. However, the Board of Directors ordinarily 
delegates authority to the Company Secretary to chair the 
AGM. If a majority of the shareholders request an 
alternative independent chairman, one will be appointed.
At the AGM, the shareholders, inter alia, elect members of 
the Board of Directors for nominated terms of appointment, 
approve the Company’s Annual Accounts, approve the 
Group’s Annual Report which includes the Consolidated 
Financial Statements, discharge the Directors from their 
duties for the financial year, approve (by an advisory vote) 
the Company’s Remuneration Report and the Company’s 
Remuneration Policy, and approve the statutory auditor’s 
appointment. In accordance with Luxembourg law and the 
Company’s Articles of Incorporation, the Chairman of the 
Board is elected by the Board of Directors based on its 
insight into who has the most suitable level of 
understanding of the Company to carry out the 
duties of the Chairman.
Implementation and reporting on 
corporate governance
Subsea 7 S.A. acknowledges the division of roles between 
shareholders, the Board of Directors and the Executive 
Management Team. The Group further ensures good 
governance is adopted by holding regular Board of 
Directors’ meetings, which the Executive Management 
Team attends and at which strategic, operational and 
financial matters are presented.
The Group’s vision is: to make possible the global delivery 
of offshore energy for today and tomorrow.
The Group’s Values are Safety, Integrity, Sustainability, 
Performance, Collaboration and Innovation.
In pursuit of the six Values, the Group has an Ethics Policy 
Statement and a Code of Conduct that reflect its 
commitment to clients, shareholders, employees and other 
stakeholders to conduct business legally, and with integrity 
and honesty. The Ethics Policy Statement and the Code of 
Conduct were approved by the Board of Directors, were 
issued to all Directors, officers and employees, and are 
subject to periodic review and updates.
General meetings
The Company’s Articles of Incorporation provide that the 
AGM shall be held within six months from the end of the 
financial year and in 2026 it will be held on 12 May, unless 
the proposed merger with Saipem S.p.A. completes before 
that date.
The notice of meeting and agenda documents for the AGM 
are posted on the Group’s website (and published in such 
media as selected by the Board of Directors and in the 
Luxembourg official gazette (RESA)) at least 30 days prior 
to the meeting. Documentation from previous AGMs is 
available on the Subsea7 website.
All shareholders that are registered with the Norwegian 
Central Securities Depository System receive a written 
notice of the AGM. The record date for common 
shareholders will be 14 days before the AGM at midnight 
(Luxembourg time), with a differing deadline for ADR 
holders. Subject to the procedures described in the Articles 
of Incorporation, all shareholders holding individually 
or collectively at least 5% of the issued shares have the 
right to add items to the agenda of the AGM and draft 
resolutions for items included, or to be included, in the AGM. 
All shareholders on the register as at the record date will be 
eligible to attend in person, or vote by proxy, at the AGM.
COMMUNICATION WITH 
STAKEHOLDERS
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202562
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 65]
Equity and dividends
Shareholders’ equity
Total shareholders’ equity on 31 December 2025 was 
$4.4 billion (2024: $4.3 billion) which the Board of Directors 
believes is satisfactory given the Group’s strategy, objectives 
and risk profile.
Dividend policy
It is Subsea7’s objective to give its shareholders an 
attractive return on their invested capital. The Group’s 
commitment to returning capital to shareholders is confirmed 
in its formal Dividend Policy to pay a regular dividend of NOK 
6.00 per share each year.
In connection with the proposed merger with Saipem S.p.A., 
the EGM held on 25 September 2025 approved: 
(i) a distribution of EUR 450 million equating to approximately 
NOK 18.00 per share to the shareholders of the Company 
to be distributed immediately prior to the effective date 
of the merger, subject to the conditions precedent to the 
merger (provided for in the merger agreement dated 
23 July 2025 between the Company and Saipem S.p.A.) 
having been met or waived; and (ii) a distribution of EUR 
105 million equating to approximately NOK 4.15 per share 
to the shareholders of the Company. This distribution is 
related to a permitted business divestment in accordance 
with the merger agreement with Saipem S.p.A.. The 
distribution is expected to be paid after closing of the 
relevant transaction or (if earlier) immediately before the 
proposed merger effective date.
To the extent that the proposed merger with Saipem S.p.A. 
is not effective by the time of the AGM, which is scheduled 
to take place on 12 May 2026, the shareholders will 
be asked to approve the payment of a dividend of 
NOK 13.00 per share comprised of the annual dividend 
of approximately $350 million and an interim dividend of 
approximately $50 million approved by the Board of Directors.
Equity mandates
At the EGM held on 8 May 2025, the Board of Directors’ 
authority to approve the purchase of the Company’s shares 
up to a maximum of 30,000,000 common shares 
(representing approximately 10% of the issued common 
shares on 26 February 2025) was granted until 8 May 2027. 
This authority is subject to certain purchase price 
conditions and is conditional on such purchases being made 
in open market transactions through the Oslo Stock 
Exchange, subject to certain limitations. The Board of 
Directors was also granted authority for a period ending on 
8 November 2027 to cancel shares repurchased under 
such authorisation and to reduce the issued share capital 
through such cancellations.
At the same EGM the Company’s shareholders 
approved the renewal of the authorised share capital at 
$900,000,000 (including the issued share capital) with 
authority for the Board of Directors to issue new common 
shares within the authorised unissued share capital and 
with any authorised but unissued common shares lapsing 
on 23 May 2027. Additionally, the Board of Directors was 
authorised to issue new shares within the authorised 
unissued share capital. The Board of Directors was 
authorised to waive, suppress or limit existing shareholders’ 
preferential subscription rights up to a maximum of 
30,000,000 common shares (representing approximately 
10% of the issued common shares on 26 February 2025). 
These authorisations were granted for a period of two 
years, expiring on 23 May 2027, to reduce, inter alia, the 
administrative burden of convening an EGM annually.
Equal treatment of shareholders and 
transactions with close associates
One class of shares
The Company has one class of shares that are listed on 
the Oslo Stock Exchange. Each share carries equal rights 
including an equal voting right at annual or extraordinary 
general meetings of shareholders of the Company. No 
shares carry any special control rights. The Company’s 
Articles of Incorporation contain no restrictions on 
voting rights.
Share issues
The Board of Directors is authorised to suppress the pre-
emptive rights of shareholders under certain circumstances 
and within the limits set out previously. This is to allow 
flexibility to deal with matters deemed to be in the best 
interest of the Company.
In the event of the Board of Directors resolving to issue 
new shares and waive the pre-emptive rights of existing 
shareholders, the Board of Directors intends to comply with 
the recommendation of the Norwegian Code of Practice for 
Corporate Governance that the justification for such waiver 
is noted in the stock exchange announcement relating to 
such a share issue.
Related party transactions
Any transactions between the Group and members 
of the Board of Directors, executive management or 
close associates are detailed in Note 34 ‘Related party 
transactions’ to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Charter of the Board of Directors contains provisions 
on how the Board of Directors and executive management 
will handle agreements between the Company and related 
parties, and the Board of Directors will, from time to time, 
determine the necessity of obtaining third-party valuations 
on transactions between the Company and related parties. 
Any material transaction between the Company and a 
related party shall be subject to the prior approval of the 
Board of Directors, unless entered into in the ordinary 
course of business and concluded on normal market 
terms, in which case the Board of Directors shall establish 
an internal procedure to periodically assess whether 
these conditions are fulfilled.
The Group’s Code of Conduct requires any Director or 
employee to declare if they hold any direct or indirect 
financial interest in any transaction entered into by the 
Group. Under Luxembourg law, Directors may not vote 
on transactions in which they have a direct or indirect 
financial interest conflicting with that of the Company.
Freely negotiable shares
Subsea 7 S.A.’s shares are traded as common shares on the 
Oslo Stock Exchange and as ADRs over the counter in the US.
All shares are freely negotiable. The Articles of Incorporation 
contain no form of restriction on the negotiability of shares 
in the Company.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 63
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 66]
Auditor
The external auditor meets the Audit and Sustainability 
Committee annually regarding the planning and preparation 
of the audit of the Group’s Consolidated Financial 
Statements and the Company’s Annual Accounts.
The Audit and Sustainability Committee members hold 
separate discussions with the external auditor during the 
year without members of the Executive Management Team 
being present. The scope, resources and level of fees 
proposed by the external auditor in relation to the Group’s 
and the Company’s audits and related activities are 
approved by the Audit and Sustainability Committee.
The Audit and Sustainability Committee recognises that 
it is occasionally in the interest of the Group to engage 
its external auditor to undertake certain non-prohibited 
non-audit assignments. Fees paid to the external auditor 
for audit and non-audit services are reported in Note 6 
‘Net operating income’ to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements, which are in turn approved at the AGM. 
The Audit and Sustainability Committee also requests 
the external auditor to confirm annually in writing that the 
external auditor remains independent.
In 2022, a formal tender for a five-year engagement for 
the role of the Company’s external auditor was conducted, 
and a contract was awarded. The external auditor’s 
appointment will be approved annually at the AGM.
Takeovers
Subsea 7 S.A.’s Board of Directors endorses the principles 
concerning equal treatment of all shareholders. In the event 
of a takeover bid, it is obliged to act in accordance with the 
requirements of applicable Luxembourg and Norwegian law 
provisions and in accordance with the applicable principles 
for good corporate governance.
The Company has been notified of the following significant 
shareholders who control 5% or more of the voting rights of 
the Company:
%(a)
Siem Industries S.A. 23.6
Folketrygdfondet 9.2
a. Information is correct as of 31 December 2025.
Additionally, based upon notifications submitted to the 
Company, pursuant to Articles 8, 9, 12 or 12a of the 
Luxembourg Transparency Law there are no shareholders 
holding more than 5% of the voting rights in the Company.
Information and communications
Subsea 7 S.A.’s Board of Directors concurs with the 
principles of equal treatment of all shareholders and the 
Group is committed to reporting financial results and other 
information on an accurate and timely basis. The Group 
provides information to the market through quarterly and 
annual reports, investor and analyst presentations which 
are available to the media, and operational and financial 
information available on Subsea7’s website.
Announcements are released through notification to the 
company disclosure systems of the Oslo Stock Exchange 
and the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du 
Secteur Financier, and simultaneously on the Subsea7 
website. As a listed company, the Company complies with 
the relevant regulations regarding disclosure. Information 
is only provided in English.
The Company complies in all material respects with 
‘The Oslo Børs Code of Practice for IR’, which is available 
at www.oslobors.no.
Directors’ and Chief Executive 
Officer’s responsibility statement
We confirm that, to the best of our knowledge,  
the Consolidated Financial Statements and the 
Unconsolidated Financial Statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2025 have been prepared in 
accordance with current applicable accounting 
standards and give a true and fair view of the  
assets, liabilities, financial position and results of the 
Company and the Group taken as a whole. We also 
confirm that, to the best of our knowledge, the 2025 
Annual Report, Consolidated Financial Statements 
and Unconsolidated Financial Statements include a 
fair review of the development and performance of 
the business and the position of the Group, together 
with a description of the principal risks and 
uncertainties facing the Group.
By order of the Board of Directors of Subsea 7 S.A.
Kristian Siem
Chairman
John Evans
Chief Executive Officer
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202564
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 67]
REMUNERATION REPORT
REMUNERA TION REPORT
Letter from the Chairman of 
the Compensation Committee 
As Chairman of the Compensation Committee, I am 
pleased to present the Board’s report on Subsea7’s 
Executive Officers’ remuneration, as well as that of the 
Non-Executive Directors of Subsea 7 S.A. for the year 
ended 31 December 2025 (the 2025 Remuneration Report), 
which will be submitted for advisory vote to shareholders 
at the 2026 AGM. During 2023, the Board and the 
Company’s shareholders approved Subsea 7 S.A. 
Directors’ remuneration policy (the Remuneration Policy) 
applicable to Executive Officers and Non-Executive 
Directors of the Company. The Remuneration Policy 
was effective for the years 2023, 2024 and 2025 and 
the intention is for it to continue to be effective for 2026, 
if no material changes are contemplated. At the 2025 AGM, 
the Company’s shareholders approved by an advisory vote 
the 2024 Remuneration Report. 
2025 Overview
To support the delivery of our strong backlog, 2025 has seen 
continued focus on global recruitment and retention of our 
existing talent through further enhancing our Being7 offering. 
The Annual Salary Review conducted in 2025 recognised 
local inflation levels, ensured alignment with the external 
market and recognised our people for their contributions 
to Subsea7’s goals. 
The Short Term Incentive Plan 2025 (STIP 2025) triggers 
for payment were met. A payout will be made to all participants 
in 2026, taking into account the achievement of plan 
measures and individual performance and contribution 
to business goals.
The Long Term Incentive Plan 2022 award (LTIP 2022) 
measured Total Shareholder Return (TSR) against a peer 
group, Cash Conversion Ratio (CCR) and Return on 
Average Invested Capital (ROAIC) over a performance 
period of three years from 1 July 2022 to 30 June 2025. 
As a result of the partial achievement of two of the three 
performance metrics, vesting occurred.
In 2025, to continue to retain and incentivise Subsea7’s 
leaders and key employees, awards (LTIP 2025 Awards) 
were made under the 2022 Long Term Incentive Plan (2022 
LTIP Plan). LTIP 2025 Awards were made to approximately 
150 leaders and key employees to incentivise and reward 
participants over the long term for sustained performance, 
delivery of the business strategy and shareholder value. 
The performance conditions included those within the 
existing plan: TSR, CCR and ROAIC. LTIP 2025 Awards 
were effective 1 October 2025 with a three-year 
performance period from 1 July 2025 to 30 June 2028 
for all performance measures. 
Remuneration arrangements for 2026
In relation to 2026, the structure of remuneration 
arrangements will be in line with that of 2025 and 
as detailed in the Remuneration Policy. 
In 2026, our Annual Salary Review process will ensure 
continued focus on attracting and retaining our talent, 
ensuring that Subsea7 is an attractive company to work 
for. Following the implementation of a new job architecture in 
2024, the focus in 2025 was directed towards benchmarking 
against external market data, which served as the initial 
foundation for the Annual Salary Review process. In 2026, 
greater emphasis will be placed on establishing a structured 
and globally consistent approach towards salary reviews 
incorporating employees’ market positioning and individual 
performance as key considerations.
The Company will continue to operate an annual Short 
Term Incentive Plan with targets set by the Compensation 
Committee. The current performance conditions for 
Executive Officers will continue to be based upon the 
following metrics and weightings: Financial performance 
(45%), Project performance (20%), Safety performance 
(10%) and Personal objectives (25%).
The Company will continue to operate its 2022 LTIP Plan 
as approved at the AGM in 2022. The current performance 
conditions for Executive Officers will continue to be based 
upon the following metrics: TSR, CCR and ROAIC. 
The full details of 2025 remuneration can be read in the 
following report. On behalf of the Compensation Committee 
and the Board of Directors, we hope you find this report 
clear and informative.
2025 Remuneration
The Group’s Remuneration Policy is set by the 
Compensation Committee and is designed to provide 
remuneration packages which will help to attract, retain and 
motivate our people to achieve the Group’s strategic 
objectives and to enhance shareholder value. The 
Compensation Committee also seeks to ensure that 
the Remuneration Policy is applied consistently across 
the Group and that remuneration is fair and transparent, 
while encouraging high performance.
The Compensation Committee benchmarks Executive 
Officers’ remuneration against comparable companies 
and seeks to ensure that the Group offers rewards and 
incentives which are competitive with those offered by 
the Group’s peers. 
Remuneration is composed of base salary, benefits, pension, 
and short
-
term and long-term incentives. The Short Term 
Incentive Plan and Long Term Incentive Plan are managed 
at a group level and overseen by the Compensation 
Committee with approval by the Board of Directors. 
Further details can be found in the Remuneration Policy 
at www.subsea7.com.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 65
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 68]
REMUNERATION REPORT CONTINUED
Annual Salary Review
The Annual Salary Review is a key annual process that 
allows the Group to recognise our employees’ performance 
through an increase to base salary in line with Group 
performance and individual contribution, with an understanding 
of local market rates. 
In the third quarter of 2025, we applied a salary increase 
that reflected general inflation, market conditions and 
recognised our people for their performance and 
contributions to Subsea7’s goals. As a result of the 
continued competitive labour market, we recognised 
increases in some external local markets and specialist 
functions and performed adjustments where appropriate. 
In line with the Annual Salary Review process, outlined in 
the Remuneration Policy, along with the approach taken  
in the wider organisation, the CEO and CFO received an 
increase to base salary effective 1 July 2025. The base 
salary adjustments were reviewed and approved by the 
Compensation Committee taking into account: 
•
 The individual’s role, performance and experience
•
 Business performance, and the external environment
•
 Base salary increases across the Group
•
 Base salary levels for comparable roles at relevant, 
comparable businesses. 
The CEO was awarded a 3% increase to base salary, 
resulting in a new annual salary of $874,237. 
The CFO was awarded a 3% increase to base salary, 
resulting in a new annual salary of $605,241.
Note: payments are made in GBP. The amounts have been 
translated into USD using an average exchange rate of 
0.762 for the year.
Benefits and pension 
Benefits and pension awarded to the CEO and CFO during 
2025 were in accordance with the Remuneration Policy. 
Benefits included private healthcare, life insurance, personal 
accident insurance and a car allowance, along with the 
opportunity to purchase additional flexible benefits. 
The CEO received a cash allowance in lieu of a pension 
contribution, in line with the Company’s policy in the UK on 
lifetime allowances, which is paid less applicable employer 
national insurance contributions. The CFO participated in 
the UK defined contribution pension plan.
Short Term Incentive Plan
The Group operates a Short Term Incentive Plan (STIP), 
an annual bonus scheme, with targets set by the 
Compensation Committee. The current performance 
conditions for the CEO and CFO are based upon the 
following metrics and weightings: 
•
 Financial performance (45%)
•
 Project performance (20%)
•
 Safety performance (10%) 
•
 Personal objectives (25%).
Personal objectives focus on an individual’s key 
contributions. Where a role has a significant contribution 
to the sustainability focus areas for the Group there will 
be a personal objective related to this. 
The STIP also has an element for all participants of 10% of 
the overall bonus, related to the safety performance of the 
Group, which is a material topic for the Group. The personal 
element of the STIP ranges differs per band of the person 
– the more junior a position the higher the percentage of 
the STIP that is related to personal objectives. For the CEO 
and CFO this is 25%. For the CEO and CFO, the maximum 
bonus opportunity in respect of 2025 was 150% and 100% 
of base salary, respectively.
For the performance period from 1 January 2025 to 
31 December 2025, the financial targets were achieved 
whilst the safety performance target was not met. 
The Group’s performance over the performance period 
was evaluated by the Compensation Committee who 
recommended the STIP 2025 payout for approval by the 
Board of Directors.
Based on the performance outcome against STIP 2025 
targets, the bonus for the CEO was 81% of base salary, 
resulting in a payment of $700,702. For the CFO, the bonus 
was 54% of base salary, resulting in a payment of $323,476.
Note: payments are made in GBP. The amounts have been 
translated into USD using an average exchange rate of 
0.762 for the year.
Long Term Incentive Plan 
The Group operates a Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP). 
The LTIP provides for conditional share awards based upon 
performance conditions over a three-year performance 
period. The 2018 Long Term Incentive Plan (2018 LTIP Plan) 
was approved by the Company’s shareholders at the AGM 
on 17 April 2018 and was valid for a period up to five years 
until 2023. Awards under the 2018 LTIP Plan were made 
in 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021. The 2022 LTIP Plan was 
approved by the Company’s shareholders at the AGM 
on12 April 2022, superseding the 2018 LTIP Plan, and is 
valid for a period of five years until 2027. The principles 
of the plan were unchanged from previous years whereby 
a conditional award of shares is made that provides for 
share awards which vest over a three to five-year period 
subject to performance measures. 
The 2022 LTIP Plan has a five-year term with awards being 
made annually in October. The aggregate number of shares 
which may be granted in any calendar year is limited to 
0.5% of issued share capital on 1 January of that calendar 
year. The total number of shares that may be delivered 
pursuant to awards under the plan shall not exceed 
11,500,000. The total number of share awards and shares 
granted to the CEO and CFO are recommended by the 
Compensation Committee for approval by the Board of 
Directors. The 2022 LTIP Plan is an essential component  
of the Company’s reward strategy and is designed to 
align the interests of participants with those of Subsea7’s 
shareholders; it also enables participants to share in the 
success of the Company.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 202566
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 69]
The 2022 LTIP Plan provides for conditional awards of 
shares based upon performance conditions measured  
over a performance period of three years. Performance 
conditions are based upon three measures and weightings, 
all tied to the Company’s financial performance and 
competitiveness and as determined by the Compensation 
Committee. During 2024 the Compensation Committee 
approved the following revised weightings to apply to the 
LTIP 2025 Awards under the terms of the 2022 LTIP Plan:
•
 Total Shareholder Return (50%) 
•
 Cash Conversion Ratio (30%)
•
 Return on Average Invested Capital (20%).
All three performance conditions are determined over 
a three-year period from 1 July in the year of award to 
30 June three years later. Subject to the achievement 
of the performance conditions, awards will vest in equal 
tranches after three, four and five years from award date. 
Under the terms of the LTIP, participants are not entitled 
to receive dividend-equivalent payments during the 
performance and holding periods. On 31 December 2025, 
there were approximately 150 participants in the active LTIP 
schemes (2018 and 2022 LTIP Plans). Individual award caps 
are in place such that no participant may be granted shares 
under the 2022 LTIP Plan in a single calendar year that 
have an aggregate fair market value in excess of 150%, 
in the case of the CEO, CFO and other members of the 
Executive Management Team, and 100%, in the case of 
other employees, of their annual base salary at the date of 
the award. Additionally, a holding requirement for the CEO, 
CFO and other members of the Executive Management 
Team applies under which they must hold 50% of all 
awards that vest until they have built up a shareholding 
with a market value of 150% of their annual base salary, 
and this must be maintained throughout their tenure.
Total Shareholder Return based awards 
The Company must achieve a Total Shareholder Return 
(TSR) ranking above the median for any awards to vest. 
If the ranked TSR position of Subsea7 during the three-year 
performance period, as converted to a percentage, is equal  
to 50%, 20% of the share award will vest. If the ranked 
TSR position of the Company is greater than 50% and 
below 75%, the vesting of the share award between 20% 
and 50% is determined by linear interpolation. The maximum 
award of 50% would vest if the Company achieved a ranked 
TSR position equal to or greater than 75%. 
The table below summarises the TSR performance 
condition applicable to the LTIP 2025 Awards under the 
2022 LTIP Plan:
Performance
Vesting level 
(% of total award) 
<50% Below median 0%
=50% Median 20%
>50% 
<75%
Between median and 
upper decile
Linear interpolation 
between 20% and 50%
≥75% Upper decile 50%
TSR will be measured relative to the following peer group:
•
 Aker Solutions ASA
•
 Baker Hughes Company
•
 Fugro N.V.
•
 Halliburton Company
•
 Oceaneering International, Inc.
•
 Saipem S.p.A.
•
 SBM Offshore N.V.
•
 Schlumberger Limited
•
 TechnipFMC plc
•
 Transocean Ltd.
•
 Vantris Energy Berhad
•
 Worley Limited
Cash Conversion Ratio based awards 
The Cash Conversion Ratio (CCR) measures the conversion 
of Adjusted EBITDA into a form of cash. The Board believes  
this measure is an important addition to the LTIP as it aligns 
with shareholder interests in making sure the business 
converts profitability into cash generated from operations 
in a timely manner. The Group can exert significant 
influence in achieving this goal. Furthermore, it is clear 
and≈predictable, and, as with the other two measures, 
the elements of the calculation are readily identifiable 
from the Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements.
CCR is calculated for each of the three years of the 
performance period on a quarterly basis, and the table 
below summarises the CCR performance condition applicable 
to the LTIP 2025 Awards under the 2022 LTIP Plan:
Performance
Vesting level  
(% of total award)
Below 0.7 0%
0.7 7.5%
0.9 15%
1.1 or above 30%
Vesting will be calculated on a linear interpolation basis between 0.7 and 
0.9 and between 0.9 and 1.1. 
Return on Average Invested Capital based awards
Return on Average Invested Capital (ROAIC) is calculated 
for each of the three years of the performance period on  
a quarterly basis. The table below summarises the ROAIC 
performance condition applicable to the LTIP 2025 Awards 
under the 2022 LTIP Plan:
Performance
Vesting level  
(% of total award)
Below 9% 0%
9% 2.89%
11% 8.67%
14% or above 20%
Vesting will be calculated on a linear interpolation basis between 9% and 
11% and between 11% and 14%. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 67
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 70]
REMUNERATION REPORT CONTINUED
Vesting of LTIP 2022 Awards 
The performance conditions applicable to the share awards 
granted in 2022 under the 2022 LTIP Plan that vested 
during 2025 were based upon three measures: Total 
Shareholder Return, Cash Conversion Ratio and Return on 
Average Invested Capital with a weighting of 65%, 20% and 
15%, respectively. Subject to these performance conditions, 
the vested shares are transferred to participants in equal 
tranches on the third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the 
award date. 
The performance conditions for the vesting of the share 
awards granted in 2022 under the 2022 LTIP Plan are set 
out below. For LTIP 2022 awards, all performance conditions 
were assessed over the three-year period, the TSR vested 
at 80.10%, the Cash Conversion Ratio at 52.50% and the 
ROAIC at 0%.
As a result of the partial achievement of two of the three 
performance metrics over the three-year performance 
period from 2022 to 2025, 62.56% of the total share 
awards granted in 2022 vested during 2025. 
LTIP metric
% of  
share 
awards 
under 
each 
metric Range Result
% of  
shares 
under 
metric 
to vest
Shares  
to vest 
(max over 
3 years)
TSR 65% 50%—100% 78.5% (a) 80.10% 52.06%
Cash 
Conversion 
Ratio 20%
0.7—1.1 
(average) 0.91
(b) 52.50% 10.50%
ROAIC 15%
9%—14% 
(average %) 2.89% (c) — —
Total 100% 62.56%
a. Subsea7 ranked 4th out of the 15 companies within the selected peer 
group (above the median but below the 90th percentile). This resulted 
in 80.10% vesting for the TSR portion – 52.06% of the total award. 
b.
 The average over the three-year performance period was 0.91. 
This resulted in 52.50% vesting for the CCR portion – 10.50% of 
the total award. 
c.
 The average over the three-year performance period was 2.89%. 
This resulted in 0% vesting for the ROAIC portion. 
The Group’s performance over the performance period was 
evaluated by the Compensation Committee who 
recommended the LTIP 2022 Award for approval by the 
Board of Directors.
During 2025, in accordance with the terms of the 2018 and 
2022 LTIP Plans, shares totalling 522,241 were transferred 
to participants. 
The table below shows the number of vested share awards 
transferred to the CEO and CFO during 2025:
John Evans 
Chief Executive Officer
Mark Foley 
Chief Financial Officer
Award year 2025 2024 2025 2024
2019  
(2018 LTIP Plan) — 4,836 — —
2020  
(2018 LTIP Plan) — — — —
2021 
(2018 LTIP Plan) 9,723 9,723 7,779 7,779
2022  
(2022 LTIP Plan) 12,387 — 6,606 —
Total 22,110 14,559 14,385 7,779
The numbers of vested share awards in the above table are gross, 
and exclude the impact of income taxes and social security costs borne 
by the employee.
Long Term Incentive Plan awards in 2025
Conditional share awards were made to approximately 150 
leaders and key employees on 1 October 2025, comprising 
1,397,750 (2024: 1,476,800) shares under the terms of the 
2022 LTIP Plan. 
42,000 shares were awarded to the CEO, equivalent to 
94% of base salary.
31,500 shares were awarded to the CFO, equivalent to 
102% of base salary.
Summary of 2025 Executive 
Officer remuneration 
Total remuneration for the CEO and CFO in 2024 and 2025 
was as follows:
John Evans 
Chief Executive Officer
Mark Foley 
Chief Financial Officer
For the year ended  
(in $ thousands)
2025  
31 Dec 
(a)(b)
2024  
31 Dec 
(a)(b)
2025  
31 Dec 
(a)(b)
2024  
31 Dec 
(a)(b)
Base salary 863.6 788.5 597.9 534.8
Short-term incentive 
bonus(c) 700.7 731.9 323.5 383.9
Taxable benefits(d) 36.7 20.7 16.5 15.9
Share-based 
payments
(e) 446.6 227.6 290.6 121.6
Cash in lieu 
of pension
(f) 75.3 69.3 — 21.7
Pension contributions 
made by employer
(g) — — 60.5 29.2
Total 2,122.9 1,838.0 1,289.0 1,107.1
a. Amounts in the table are shown gross before deductions of income 
taxes and social security costs borne by the employee. 
b.
 Payments are made in GBP. The 2025 amounts have been translated 
to USD using an average exchange rate of 0.762 for the year.
c.
 Short-term incentive bonus in respect of performance during the year.
d.
 Taxable benefits represent the taxable value of benefits provided during
 
the year, including private healthcare insurance and car allowances.
e.
 Share-based payments represents the market value of the shares 
transferred to the participants during the year which vested under 
the 2018 and 2022 Long Term Incentive Plans. The shares were 
transferred when the participant met the service criteria associated 
with the plan.
f.
 In 2025 the CEO received a cash allowance in lieu of a 
pension contribution. 
g.
 Employer pension contributions represents the cash value of defined 
pension contribution payments made by the Group during the year.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 202568
STRATEGIC REPORT GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS

[page 71]
Non-Executive Director fees 
Details of fees payable to Non-Executive Directors are set 
out below.
Name
Annual fee 
($)
Member 
of Audit
Committee(a)
Member 
of other
committees(b)
2025  
31 Dec $
2024  
31 Dec $
Kristian 
Siem(c) 200,000 — 15,000 215,000 215,000
Jean 
Cahuzac
(d) 36,750 — 3,500 40,250 115,000
Niels Kirk 105,000 — 10,000 115,000 115,000
David 
Mullen 125,000 5,320 8,100 138,420 136,000
Elisabeth 
Proust Van 
Heeswijk 105,000 6,000 — 111,000 111,000
Eldar 
Sætre 105,000 14,000 5,000 124,000 124,000
Lucia de 
Andrade
(d) 68,250 3,720 3,100 75,070 —
Louisa 
Siem 105,000 — — 105,000 105,000
a. The Chair of the Audit and Sustainability Committee receives $14,000 
per annum and the members receive $6,000 per annum.
b.
 Members of the Corporate Governance, Nominations and Risk 
Committee, Compensation Committee and Tender Committee receive 
$5,000 per annum, per committee. For details on the members of the 
committees, please refer to pages 50 and 51.
c.
 Kristian Siem is the permanent representative of Treveri S.à.r.l. on the 
Board of Directors.
d.
 On 8 May 2025, Jean Cahuzac retired from his position as 
 
Non-Executive Director. Lucia de Andrade was appointed as a 
Non-Executive Director effective from 8 May 2025. Their fees were 
calculated on a pro-rata basis, based upon a total annual fee per 
director of $105,000.
Share ownership of the  
Executive Management Team  
and Non-Executive Directors
Details of total performance shares and shares held in the 
Company by the Executive Management Team as at 
31 December 2025 are shown in the table below.
Name
Total performance
shares(a)
Total owned 
shares
John Evans 197,168 128,306
Mark Foley 135,927 11,704
Olivier Blaringhem 120,883 26,103
Stuart Fitzgerald 120,883 48,561
Nathalie Louys 105,824 35,012
Kate Lyne 99,586 23,740
Phil Simons 120,883 20,971
Marcelo Xavier 97,182 10,972
a. Total performance shares held represent the maximum future 
entitlement assuming all vesting conditions are met.
Details of shares held in the Company by the Non-Executive 
Directors as at 31 December 2025 are shown in the table below.
 
Name
Total  
owned shares
Kristian Siem(a) —
Jean Cahuzac —
Niels Kirk —
David Mullen 15,000
Elisabeth Proust Van Heeswijk 830
Eldar Sætre 7,000
Lucia de Andrade —
Louisa Siem —
a. At 31 December 2025, Siem Industries S.A., which is a company 
controlled through trusts where Mr Siem and certain members 
 
of his family are potential beneficiaries, owned 70,829,916 shares, 
representing 23.6% of the total common shares of the Company.
The Non-Executive Directors are encouraged to own 
shares in the Company but no longer participate in any 
incentive or share option schemes.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 69
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 72]
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 202570
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 73]
SUSTAINABILITY 
STATEMENTS
Contents
01
General
Basis for preparation 73
Sustainability governance 73
Strategy and 
sustainability matters 75
Interests and views of 
stakeholders 77
Double materiality assessment 79
02
Environment
EU Taxonomy 81
ESRS E1 – Climate change 88
03
Social
ESRS S1 – Own workforce 97
ESRS S2 – Workers in 
the value chain 109
04
Governance
ESRS G1 – Business conduct 115
05
Appendix
Disclosure requirements and 
incorporation by reference table 122
Datapoints that derive 
from other EU legislation 124
Statement on sustainability 
due diligence 126
Limited assurance report 
on sustainability information 127
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 71
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 74]
INTRODUCTION
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS
Structure of the 
Sustainability Statements
Subsea7’s Sustainability Statements are structured in 
accordance with the applicable European Sustainability 
Reporting Standards (ESRS) framework.
To support the navigation of the Sustainability Statements, 
refer to the following: 
•
 ESRS 2 General disclosures
 – describes how 
sustainability matters are governed and integrated into 
the business including strategy and risk management 
across multiple sustainability topics
•
 ESRS E1 Climate change
 – describes how Subsea7 is 
managing the impacts, risks and opportunities of climate 
change including mitigating impacts and adapting the 
business to actual and expected climate change
•
 ESRS S1 Own workforce 
– describes matters concerning 
working conditions, equal treatment and opportunities, 
and other work-related rights including health and safety
•
 ESRS S2 Workers in the value chain
 – describes matters 
concerning value chain workers including working 
conditions and other work-related rights
•
 ESRS G1 Business conduct
 – describes matters 
concerning corporate culture, relationships with suppliers, 
political influence, lobbying, protection of whistleblowers 
and payment practices
EU Taxonomy
Describes the Group’s economic activities considered 
environmentally sustainable, supporting the European 
Green Deal.
Key terms and definitions
Sustainability Statements: a dedicated section of the 
Annual Report where information about sustainability 
matters is presented
Double materiality assessment (DMA): the double 
materiality assessment considers the impacts, risks 
and opportunities of relevant topics from an outside-in 
(financial) and inside-out (societal/environmental) perspective
Impact, risk and opportunity (IRO): impacts refer to the 
positive or negative consequences resulting from Subsea7’s 
activities. Risks and opportunities refer to the financial 
influence from sustainability matters
Governance (GOV): the governance processes, controls 
and procedures Subsea7 uses to monitor, manage and 
oversee IROs
Strategy: how Subsea7’s strategy and business 
model interact with material IROs, and how it addresses 
those IROs 
IRO management: the processes Subsea7 undertook 
to identify and assess material IROs and how these 
are managed through relevant policies and actions 
Value chain: a value chain encompasses the activities, 
resources and relationships the undertaking uses and relies 
on to create its products or services. Subsea7’s upstream 
value chain refers to its suppliers and downstream value 
chain refers to its clients
Value chain workers (VCW): Subsea7’s value chain 
workers refers to its suppliers’ workers.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 202572
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 75]
GENERAL DISCLOSURES
ESRS 2 – General disclosures
General basis for preparation of the 
sustainability statements (ESRS 2 BP-1)
Framework 
Subsea7’s Sustainability Statements for the year ended 
31 December 2025 are prepared in accordance with the 
EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) 
and its corresponding relevant European Sustainability 
Reporting Standards (ESRS). The relevant ESRS for 
Subsea7 have been identified following a double materiality 
assessment (DMA). The assessment conducted in 2023 
was revalidated during the reporting year, confirming that 
the identified material topics remain relevant and continue 
to form the basis of the disclosures. 
Consolidation 
In this report, we refer to Subsea 7 S.A. and its subsidiaries 
as ‘Subsea7’, the ‘Group’ or ‘we’. This report covers the 
entirety of the Group, unless otherwise noted. The Group 
includes Subsea 7 S.A. (the ‘Company’) and all entities 
controlled by the Company (its subsidiaries), unless 
otherwise noted. The Sustainability Statements are prepared 
on a consolidated basis, and the scope of consolidation is 
consistent with that used in the preparation of the Group’s 
Consolidated Financial Statements unless otherwise stated 
within the relevant topical standards. 
As part of the DMA, Subsea7’s own operations as well as its 
upstream and downstream value chains were considered. 
The Sustainability Statements presented in this report 
reference the relevant parts of the value chain impacted. 
Subsea7 has elected not to exclude any information 
resulting from intellectual property, know-how or the 
results of innovation. 
Disclosures in relation to specific 
circumstances (ESRS 2 BP-2)
Subsea7 adheres to the time horizons defined in ESRS 1, 
section 6.4, which outlines the definitions of short-, medium-, 
and long-term for reporting purposes. 
As part of preparation for 2025 disclosures, a structured 
assessment was carried out to determine which 
Environmental Social and Governance (or ESG) data 
points are material across Subsea7’s subsidiaries and 
identify where estimation methods may be applied. The 
assessment covered wholly owned and non-wholly owned 
subsidiaries (excluding joint ventures and associates) and 
considered each entity’s significance based on headcount, 
revenue, and operational footprint. 
Where primary data is not available, defined estimation 
methods are applied depending on the data point and 
disclosures type, using factors such as headcount, facility 
footprint, payment volume, comparable business models 
or spend. These estimates are tested against overall 
materiality, reviewed by relevant functions, and used only 
when they do not materially affect the accuracy or reliability 
of consolidated disclosures. 
When Subsea7 has information related to specific 
circumstances – such as time horizons, value chain 
estimations, sources of estimation and uncertainty, this 
information is reported alongside the relevant disclosures. 
Disclosures incorporated by reference  
(ESRS 2 BP-3)
Subsea7 has included reference tables within the ‘Appendix’ 
on page 122 to support the navigation of its disclosures. 
This includes information that is incorporated by reference 
to other parts of this report. 
Governance of sustainability matters
Board of Directors and Board committees*
Executive Management Team
Risk 
Committee
Reviews and 
discusses the 
Group’s principal 
risks and the 
Group’s risk 
management 
procedures
Ethics 
Committee
Monitors the 
implementation of 
the compliance and 
ethics and human 
rights programmes 
including the Speak 
Up Policy
Sustainability 
Committee
Promotes and 
fosters a culture 
that supports 
and drives the 
implementation 
of sustainability 
ambitions and 
objectives
Corporate 
sustainability team
Sustainability 
priority-focused 
work groups
Global functions 
and regions
Board level
Guides sustainability strategy
Management level
Defines sustainability strategy
Operational level
Facilitates implementation 
of sustainability strategy
 * Principally the Audit and Sustainability Committee
The role of the administrative, management 
and supervisory bodies (ESRS 2 GOV-1)
For information relating to this disclosure, refer to the 
‘Disclosure requirements and incorporation by reference’ 
tables within the Appendix on page 122. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 73
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 76]
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Information provided to, and sustainability 
matters addressed by the administrative, 
management and supervisory bodies 
(ESRS
 
2
 
GOV-2) 
Subsea 7 S.A.’s Board Charter specifies that Board 
meetings shall be held at least four times per year. In 2025, 
the Board of Directors convened on 17 occasions. In 2026, 
seven meetings are scheduled but the schedule will adapt 
to operational or strategic changes in the market and 
circumstances affecting the Group. Sustainability represents 
a permanent feature on every routine Board agenda, allowing 
the Board of Directors to monitor and oversee the Group’s 
progress in relation to its sustainability strategy and targets 
and aligning with the Board’s objective to operate in a way 
that benefits the Company’s shareholders while considering 
financial, social and environmental factors. 
In 2025, the Board continued to engage in sustainability 
initiatives, including reviewing progress against the Group’s 
sustainability objectives and approving the use of the 2023 
double materiality assessment for the 2025 sustainability 
disclosures. This decision was based on the recommendation 
of the Group’s Audit and Sustainability Committee and prior 
review with management. As detailed on page 59, the Audit 
and Sustainability Committee’s responsibilities include, 
among other matters, monitoring the sustainability reporting 
processes and assessing the effectiveness of internal 
controls and risk management related to sustainability 
reporting. The Audit and Sustainability Committee also 
provides oversight and submits recommendations to 
management on sustainability disclosures matters and 
keeps the Board informed through regular reporting, 
ensuring a clear communication channel. 
At management level, Subsea7’s Sustainability 
Committee, composed of the Executive Management 
Team, is scheduled to meet quarterly to discuss the 
implementation of the sustainability objectives and targets 
reported to the CEO. During 2025, it convened three times, 
with one meeting deferred due to business priorities. The 
Sustainability Committee continued to exercise oversight 
throughout the year. Subsea7’s Executive Vice President 
of Strategy and Sustainability has the responsibility to drive 
the sustainability agenda and further embed the integrated 
link between strategy and sustainability in the Group. The 
work of the Sustainability Committee is complemented by 
the work of the Risk Committee and Ethics Committee, 
which helps to align management’s approach on the material 
topics. A team consisting of Subsea7’s functional leads and 
subject matter experts identified and agreed on material 
impacts, risks and opportunities resulting from the double 
materiality assessment. This was subsequently approved 
by Subsea7’s Executive Management Team.
Integration of sustainability-related performance 
in incentive schemes (ESRS 2 GOV-3) 
For information relating to this disclosure, refer to the Short-
Term Incentive Plan on page 66 of the Remuneration Report. 
Statement on sustainability due diligence  
(ESRS 2 GOV-4)
For information relating to this disclosure, refer to Table A7 
‘Statement on sustainability due diligence’, within the Appendix 
on page 126. 
Risk management and internal controls 
over sustainability reporting (GOV-5)
Risk management
Identifying and managing risks is crucial to Subsea7’s 
operations. For detailed information on Subsea7’s approach 
to risk management and internal controls, refer to the 
‘Principal Risks and Uncertainties’ section on page 30. 
The process of risk identification is performed by subject 
matter experts within various functions and technical 
domains throughout the Group, and once identified, 
material risks, including those related to sustainability, 
are reviewed by the Risk Committee. This committee 
works closely with the Sustainability Committee on risks 
associated with sustainability. 
Sustainability-related risks often correspond to risks that 
could have a significant impact on the Group, whether these 
are assessed based on financial or non-financial metrics. 
These risks are managed in a similar way to all other risks, 
through risk management programmes informed by functional 
and technical expertise across the Group. Further details on 
the Group’s risk management processes and the roles and 
responsibilities are disclosed in the ‘Principal Risks and 
Uncertainties’ and ‘Governance’ sections on pages 30 to 
31 and 48 to 64 respectively. 
Risk management over sustainability reporting 
Subsea7’s sustainability reporting is exposed to risks including, 
but not limited to, material misstatement due to human error, 
incomplete data, complex reporting structures, the evolution 
of the Group’s assessment criteria or misinterpretation of 
reporting standards. This is mitigated through: 
•
 Clear and well-structured sustainability governance 
as
 
described on page 73 
•
 Mapping of Subsea7’s disclosures to the relevant 
internal
 
supporting evidence such as policies, 
management practices and systems to support 
a
 
robust
 
and traceable approach 
•
 Collection of sustainability information through a 
dedicated sustainability team site that provides 
transparency and traceability of data 
•
 The use of estimates, where possible, when information is 
not available or has not been received, management will 
clearly indicate where this is the case 
•
 The verification by functional leads of sustainability 
information including metrics and approval by the relevant 
management lead. 
There are no changes in the process to report for 2025 
compared to 2024. 
Internal control over sustainability reporting
Subsea7’s systems of internal controls are shown in the 
‘Principal Risks and Uncertainties’ section on page 30 
and in the ‘Governance’ section on page 48 to 64. 
Subsea7’s Integrated Reporting Director has the 
responsibility to improve internal controls regarding 
sustainability data and reporting by designing, implementing 
and overseeing robust processes to ensure the accuracy, 
completeness and reliability of sustainability data for 
reporting. This position reports to the Executive Vice-
President of Strategy and Sustainability. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 202574
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 77]
Management of material sustainability topics 
Subsea7 is certified under ISO International Organization 
for Standardization (ISO) 9001 (Quality), ISO 14001 
(Environment), ISO 45001 (Health and Safety), and ISO 
37001 (Anti-Bribery) standards. Subsea7 has established 
and applied policies and processes through its Business 
Management System (BMS) to maintain the highest levels 
of health and safety, business conduct, respect for human 
rights, security, environmental compliance, and quality in its 
operations. The BMS framework encompasses all activities 
and locations where the Group operates. 
Subsea7 has designated personnel accountable for the 
content within the BMS. Their responsibilities include 
managing BMS content globally, conducting regular 
reviews and updates of documents, and ensuring 
compliance with ISO standards. 
Strategy
Sustainability in our strategy, business model 
and value chain (ESRS 2 SBM-1)
Subsea7 delivers project management, engineering, 
procurement, fabrication and construction services across 
the full development lifecycle of offshore energy projects. 
These services are delivered to clients across the energy 
landscape, in oil and gas, offshore wind, carbon capture and 
storage (CCS), and emerging energies. It also contributes 
to the offshore energy transition by helping to decarbonise 
subsea and conventional developments, providing life-of-
field services, and electrifying offshore facilities. This includes 
developing renewables and new energies sources by driving 
innovation in offshore wind, CCS projects as well as studies 
for hydrogen projects. 
Subsea7 activities are primarily focused on the development 
stage of the project lifecycle and are therefore late cycle. 
For subsea work, this phase follows client’s exploration 
and appraisal activities to define the characteristics of a 
reservoir. For offshore wind work, it follows licence award, 
consenting and subsidy or power purchase agreement. 
Contracts typically commence after a client’s final 
investment decision (FID) for a project. In the subsea 
sector, contracts are mainly fixed-price engineering, 
procurement, construction and installation (EPCI) scopes, 
typically spanning three years, with engineering and 
procurement in the first two years and offshore installation 
activity in the final year. In the offshore wind sector, contracts 
vary and include multi-year, fixed-price EPCI projects as 
well as shorter transport and installation (T&I) scopes on 
a fixed-price or day-rate basis. 
At 31 December 2025, Subsea7 operated a fleet of 38 
high-specification vessels, of which 29 are owned and 9 are 
chartered. The highest
-
specification ‘global enabler’ vessels 
are owned by Subsea7 as they are critical in the delivery of 
complex deepwater developments, while smaller construction 
vessels are chartered to support our global enablers. This 
ensures access to key installation capabilities while 
retaining flexibility in the cost base. 
Effective supply chain management is supported by 
Subsea7 procurement teams and project managers 
who coordinate a large global network of suppliers, 
strengthened collaborative relationships with key 
partners to ensure capacity and delivery aligned with 
client development schedules. Supply chain risk is mitigated 
through back
-
to
-
back contracting and the use of framework 
agreements with strategic suppliers. 
Table 1-1 – Business model and role in value chain
What we do How we add value
Concept
Input at the concept phase allows for 
optimisation of later lifecycle stages 
Whether in oil and gas, wind or emerging 
energies, being involved at the earliest stage 
of development enables us to deliver maximum 
value. The concept stage is key to optimising 
costs and emissions during development and 
in the later lifecycle stages.
We incorporate new technologies and 
standardisation into the design process 
to lower the total cost of development and 
optimise emissions. Our carbon estimator 
tool is used in all our significant tenders.
Design
Robust front-end engineering and 
design (FEED) ensures accurate 
forecasting
We advance the conceptual development 
through our FEED services to ensure the 
right solution is selected to fully optimise 
the development.
We work with our alliance and client 
partners to optimise solutions, align 
schedules and accurately forecast full 
lifecycle costs. The earlier our involvement, 
the more value we can add through 
optimised design.
Engineering
Detailed engineering by experienced 
personnel delivers the best solution
Engineering is at the core of what we do. 
Detailed engineering involves taking the 
initial solutions developed in the concept and 
FEED stages and refining these for execution. 
For certain wind projects, our engineering 
teams also support clients in their bids for 
offshore licences.
Our global teams of experts have a track 
record for designing the best solutions and 
executing them. This stems from our ability 
to solve problems and engineer solutions.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 75
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 78]
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
More information on Subsea7’s market position and 
strategy are described on page 2 and on pages 10 to 17. 
The Group focuses on sustainable delivery by prioritising 
the material areas that create value for the business and 
its stakeholders. Subsea7 recognises that its activities can 
impact, or be impacted by, sustainability matters, either 
relating to its own workforce, or through relationships with 
suppliers; emissions from its own operations; or the positive 
or negative impact of client activities in which it participates. 
By using defined metrics and key performance indicators 
(KPIs), Subsea7 monitors these impacts, identifies areas 
of improvements and enables more informed and effective 
sustainability actions. 
Subsea7’s overall approach to sustainability is guided by 
its material topics defined through a double materiality 
assessment, as detailed in page 79 and is structured within 
a three-pillar framework.
•
 Solutions for the world’s energy needs,
 focused on 
delivering offshore energy for today and tomorrow and 
addressing our GHG emissions. 
•  Safety and people , centred on health and safety, 
talent attraction, development and retention, and 
diversity and inclusion.
•
 Acting responsibly
, maintaining high standards of 
behaviour, ensuring compliance with legal and regulatory 
requirements, promoting transparency and accountability, 
and fostering a strong culture. 
These pillars enable Subsea7 to contribute to the global 
sustainability agenda while supporting long
-
term value 
creation for the business and its stakeholders. This approach 
also ensures that sustainability considerations are integrated 
into strategic planning, to support future preparedness and 
long-term profitability. 
Subsea7’s products and services are aligned to its 
sustainability-related goals and summarised as part of 
this framework. Subsea7 does not provide any products 
or services that are banned in specific countries or regions, 
with due reference to the relevant laws and regulations, 
and the Group complies with all applicable trade sanctions 
and export controls. 
What we do How we add value
Procure and fabricate
Efficient procurement and high-quality 
fabrication optimise costs
Our teams are able to execute large engineering, 
procurement, construction and installation (EPCI) 
projects in all our business units and in all 
geographies. The scale and global reach of 
our supply chain management differentiates us.
We have a clear understanding of the risks 
and opportunities that exist when working 
with a large, global supply chain network. 
We have strong, collaborative relationships 
with our suppliers.
Install and commission
World-class vessels enable safe, on-
schedule and cost-efficient installation
We install and commission subsea infrastructure 
for hydrocarbon and renewable energy 
developments in all water depths. We install 
turbines, foundations and inner array cables 
for fixed and floating wind farms.
Our fleet of modern, high-specification 
vessels allows us to install market-leading 
solutions. Our experts have the experience to 
deliver these solutions safely and efficiently.
Maintain
Effective and responsive maintenance 
reduces the cost of ownership
We specialise in maintaining offshore 
infrastructure through use of our dedicated 
fleet and technologies. Our digital products and 
services help optimise maintenance and reduce 
downtime and unplanned outages.
We incorporate our maintenance knowledge 
and digital monitoring into the design of the 
field, lowering the total cost of ownership for 
our clients.
Extend
New technologies extend the life of 
the field development and maximise 
the return on investment
We have a growing portfolio of technologies that 
enable clients to extend the life of their assets 
through production enhancement, as well as the 
tie-in of satellite reserves.
Our technology portfolio offers a range of 
solutions for all field extension needs. We 
collaborate with partners across the supply 
chain to deliver these solutions.
Decommission
Facilitation of abandonment, 
decommissioning and reuse 
of infrastructure
We have the capacity to decommission 
large-scale infrastructure in both oil and gas 
and wind markets. We can manage all aspects 
including regulation, technology, environment, 
planning, execution and costs.
We draw on our skills in engineering and 
project management, as well as our enabling 
vessels, to decommission fields, with high 
standards of safety and sustainability as 
a priority.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 202576
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 79]
Subsea7 discloses its breakdown of total revenue as 
required by IFRS 8 ‘Operating segments’ in note 5 ‘Segment 
information’ to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Revenue derived from the fossil fuel sector is primarily 
reported under the Subsea and Conventional business unit, 
in addition, this revenue is reported as non-eligible under 
the ‘EU Taxonomy’ disclosure in Table 2-1 on page 81.
Interests and views of our stakeholders  
(ESRS 2 SBM-2)
Engaging with the Group’s stakeholders and responding 
to their interests and views is important to Subsea7’s 
long-term success. This involves building and maintaining 
a foundation of trust and long-term relationships 
with stakeholders. 
Subsea7’s key stakeholders include shareholders, clients, 
employees, suppliers, business partners and the society 
in which it operates. By understanding Subsea7’s key 
stakeholders’ interests and priorities, the Group can 
better align on shared priorities and evaluate the strategic 
direction within the context of stakeholders’ expectations. 
As part of the Group’s ongoing engagement with 
stakeholders, management aims to stay informed and 
proactively address opportunities and risks identified 
through regular interactions and communications. The 
Group engages with its key stakeholders in a variety of 
ways that are presented in Table 1-2. 
The interests and views from a selection of Subsea7’s 
key stakeholders were analysed during a double materiality 
assessment process. This involved engaging with a diverse 
group of internal and external stakeholders from various 
segments of the value chain. The assessment provided 
insights into the most relevant topics for different 
stakeholders, enabling Subsea7 to further align its 
business priorities with stakeholders’ expectations. It also 
assisted management to prioritise key topics that offer 
mutual value to stakeholders. For further details on how 
management engaged with stakeholders during the double 
materiality assessment, refer to ‘Materiality assessment’ 
section (ESRS 2 IRO-1) on page 79. 
Table 1-2 – Engagement with stakeholders
Engagement with 
stakeholders
Engagement channels  
and purpose Expected outcomes
Existing shareholders, 
lenders and 
potential investors
We engage with investors and the financial markets 
through presentations, briefings, roadshows, and 
regular financial reporting. We provide updates via 
our website and on sustainability performance via 
ESG rating surveys. We also occasionally host site 
visits to specific parts of our business, and we 
commission third-party perception studies to help 
inform our engagement efforts.
•
  Increasing investor understanding  
of the business and confidence  
in its long-term strategy
•
 Securing borrowing facilities and stable 
financial backing
•
 Maintaining transparency by 
 
regular reporting including our financial, 
operational and sustainability progress.Clients
Client engagement is part of Subsea7’s  
daily operational workflow through regular 
meetings, ongoing dialogues with client’s 
representatives, addressing sustainability requests 
through criteria in tender processes, participating 
in audits, and establishing early-stage alliances. 
Industry insights and discussions help us 
understand client risks and opportunities, aligning 
with end-user interests.
•
  High client satisfaction and retention rates
•
 Enhanced client experience 
 
and engagement
•
 Addressing clients’ needs 
 
and concerns
•
 Driving innovation, collaboration 
 
and partnerships.
Employees
We engage with employees through annual 
employee surveys, regular performance reviews, 
regular newsletters and communication sessions 
(such as town halls). These engagements are 
performed by leadership teams as well as by line 
managers. We also consult internal experts on 
sustainability-related impacts, risks and opportunities, 
support employee needs via HR teams and platforms, 
and provide learning and development opportunities.
•
  Promoting a culture of safety  
and integrity
•
 High employee satisfaction and reduced 
turnover rates
•
 Increasing employee engagement 
and productivity.
Suppliers
We engage with our suppliers through regular 
operational interactions, Supplier Integrity 
Days and our Code of Conduct for Suppliers. 
Additionally, we conduct HSSEQ audits of our 
critical suppliers, which can take place during 
the entire supplier lifecycle.
•
  Supplier adherence to Subsea7’s business 
conduct standards
•
 Improving supply chain efficiency and 
quality of products and services
•
 Fostering stronger collaborative relationships.
Public and 
regulatory agencies
We follow updates from regulators and  
other relevant public authorities to ensure 
compliance with applicable regulations in  
the countries where we operate.
•
  Managing legal risks 
•
 Ensuring Subsea7 upholds the highest 
standards of legal and ethical conduct
•
 Promoting responsible business practices 
in the areas of the environment, human 
rights and anti-corruption.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 77
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 80]
Engagement with 
stakeholders
Engagement channels  
and purpose Expected outcomes
Institutions and business 
and trade associations 
We actively engage with businesses and trade 
associations for networking, advocacy, resources, 
and broader industry interests. Organisations such 
as the International Maritime Contractor Association 
(IMCA) and International Association of Oil & Gas 
Producers (IOGP) offer valuable industry-specific 
insights and opportunities for exchange within the 
industry. We also participate in business-led 
coalition and industry-led committees, such 
as those focused on the environment (including 
greenhouse gas emissions), human rights and 
worker welfare. Additionally, we seek innovative 
business partnerships to enhance our capabilities 
and explore new collaboration opportunities.
•
  Remain informed on industry 
developments and emerging challenges 
•
 Accessing trends in innovation 
•
 Accelerating our efforts in energy 
transition and decarbonisation 
•
 Contributing to innovation 
through partnerships. 
Not-for-profit 
organisations, non-
governmental 
organisations (NGOs), 
specialised agencies, 
and academic 
institutions
We engage with not-for-profit organisations, NGOs 
and academic institutions to drive positive social 
and environmental impacts through partnerships, 
joint projects, research collaborations and 
internships. Notable engagements include the 
United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), where 
we report annually on our progress, in the CDP for 
climate performance disclosure, and the National 
Oceanography Centre through the BORA Blue 
Ocean Research Alliance® to enhance global 
ocean access for scientific research.
•
  Enhancing social and environmental impact 
•
 Contributing to achieving the Sustainable 
Development Goals 
•
 Accessing to additional resources 
and expertise 
•
 Contributing to research insights. 
Local communities
We engage with local communities through 
partnerships, employee volunteering, graduate 
roadshows, outreach programmes and sponsorships.
•
  Foster community relationships
•
 Supporting education and career 
opportunities
•
 Accessing potential talent.
Material impacts, risks and opportunities (ESRS 
2 SBM-3)
This section summarises sustainability-related impacts, 
risks and opportunities (IROs) identified following the 
double materiality assessment process (DMA) described 
on pages 79 and 80. 
In total, 28 material IROs were identified following the DMA. 
This included 11 risks, six opportunities, nine negative 
impacts and two positive impacts. While consideration 
of the financial effects formed part of the DMA exercise, 
current and anticipated quantitative financial effects 
relating to Subsea7’s individual material risks and 
opportunities, including any planned sources of funding, 
were not assessed. Subsea7 responds to its IROs 
through the implementation of several business actions 
and activities led by management. The list of material IROs 
and corresponding actions, are disclosed in the relevant 
sections relating to reporting in line with the ESRS. 
Material IROs and interaction with  
business model
Subsea7’s strategy is aligned with addressing its material 
sustainability topics. At a management level, strategy and 
sustainability are governed under the same leadership and 
are inherently linked when identifying and assessing 
considerations for the Group’s long-term positioning. 
Climate-related IROs are material and may affect Subsea7’s 
strategy and decisions impacting long-term positioning. 
Climate-related matters may influence changes and 
the pace of market dynamics, policies and regulations, 
technology, and value chain behaviours. These changes 
are typically reflected in the forecast market size across 
different geographies and energy market segments, indicating 
the pace of the energy transition. This is further assessed 
through Subsea7’s short- to medium-term outlook as part of 
the annual budget and long-term strategic planning process. 
Simultaneously, Subsea7 recognises the importance of 
people in enabling and delivering the energy transition. 
This is reflected in the outcomes of the DMA concerning 
social topics, which are further detailed in the social 
disclosures referenced in ‘Own workforce (ESRS S1)’ 
and ‘Workers in the value chain (ESRS S2)’ within the 
Sustainability Statements. 
Furthermore, the DMA identified several foundational topics 
for Subsea7, irrespective of the adopted strategy. These 
encompass business ethics, human rights, responsible 
supply chain management and cybersecurity, all of which 
are integral to operating responsibly. These topics are actively 
monitored to ensure compliance with relevant standards and 
regulations to meet stakeholders’ expectations. 
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202578
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 81]
Impact, risk and opportunity management
Materiality assessment (ESRS 2 IRO-1)
Subsea7 conducted a double materiality assessment (DMA) 
in 2023, in accordance with the requirements of the EU CSRD 
and the ESRS. 
 During 2025, as there were no material changes in the 
Group’s organisational or operational structure, nor in 
external factors that could generate new or modify existing 
IROs or affect the relevance of current disclosures, the 
DMA completed in 2023 continues to form the basis for 
the 2025 sustainability disclosures.
Identifying sustainability topics
Supported by an independent sustainability consultant, 
the assessment was performed in stages. The analysis 
firstly considered the context of Subsea7’s activities and 
business relationships, value chain and affected stakeholders 
to identify a long list of relevant sustainability topics, an 
example of which is outlined in ESRS 1 paragraph AR16. 
During this stage, sources included macro trends; 
international and national sustainability frameworks and 
regulations, such as the ESRS framework; sectoral reports; 
ESG ratings; industry peers; public organisations; and 
internal strategic documents. The long list was refined 
further to create a conceptual shortlist of 19 topics to 
be assessed by both external and internal stakeholders. 
Sustainability topics and sub-topics that were not relevant to 
Subsea7’s business model were omitted from the assessment. 
Interviews were conducted with a range of Subsea7’s 
internal and external stakeholders to gain perspective 
on the relevance and materiality of topics. This included 
engagement with shareholders, clients, suppliers and 
employees. Stakeholders ranked the conceptual shortlist 
of topics in terms of relevance and provided qualitative 
insights through one-to-one interviews. A weighted score 
was applied to the different stakeholder groups, using 
the salience model when considering their perspectives – 
a process used to evaluate stakeholders based on three 
attributes: power, legitimacy and urgency. 
Subsea7 evaluated the potential material topics from two 
perspectives. The assessment examined the effects from 
an outside-in (financial) viewpoint, focusing on the risks 
and opportunities posed by ESG factors for Subsea7. 
Additionally, an inside-out (societal/environmental) 
perspective assessed the impacts of Subsea7’s business 
activities on society and the environment at large. Business 
impact workshops with internal senior leaders reviewed 
the 19 topics both financially and in terms of the broader 
impact, following a defined scoring methodology as shown 
in Table 1-3. As part of this exercise, Subsea7 included 
a broad range of leaders representing the regional and 
geographical locations in which the Group has 
significant activities. 
Materiality threshold and scoring approach
In accordance with the principles presented in ESRS 1, 
the
 
DMA scoring method and criteria was based on the 
approach referenced in Table 1-3: 
Table 1-3 – Materiality scoring method
Impact materiality Financial materiality
Materiality 
type
Impact materiality 
represents the 
actual and potential 
(negative and positive) 
impacts of Subsea7’s 
operations and value 
chain on society and 
the environment.
Financial materiality 
represents the risks 
and opportunities 
related to the 
material topics for 
Subsea7’s business. 
Scoring 
approach
Calculated by 
summing up the scale 
of the impact, the 
scope of the impact 
and the irremediable 
character of the 
impact, each rated on 
a scale of 0 to 5. 
It is calculated as 
the average of the 
impact on Subsea7 
score and the 
likelihood of 
occurring score, 
each rated on a scale 
of 0 to 4. 
In conjunction with scoring the material topics across the 
two dimensions referenced in Table 1-3 the evaluation also 
considered, where possible, time horizons, and where a 
topic affects Subsea7’s value chain. 
Output from the double materiality assessment
The DMA identified 10 sustainability topics, as shown 
in the Subsea7 double materiality matrix on page 80, to 
be material to Subsea7’s business and its stakeholders. 
The materiality threshold, as indicated in the matrix, 
was set in line with the factors referenced in Table 1-3. 
The DMA also yielded results in relation to topics that are 
currently of lower materiality to Subsea7 (i.e. that fell under 
the threshold for material topics), which were therefore 
excluded from Subsea7’s sustainability reporting obligations. 
These topics will continue to be monitored by management. 
To finalise decisions on material sustainability topics, 
a validation session was held with the Sustainability 
Committee. There then followed a review and approval 
by the Board in 2024. 
The material topics were linked to relevant ESRS 
to define Subsea7’s CSRD reporting obligations. The detailed 
IROs disclosed in the relevant sections relating to reporting 
in line with the ESRS, were concluded following the DMA. 
This involved aligning with the Group’s overall risk 
management approach and mapping sustainability-
related IROs with disclosed information where relevant. 
Sustainability risks, in many cases, reflect risks identified 
as having a potentially material negative impact on the 
Group, whether assessed against financial metrics or other 
non-financial criteria. Sustainability risks are managed in the 
same way as all other risks, at a functional level within the 
Group, and details of how the Group manages risks, and the 
roles and responsibilities are shown in the ‘Governance’ and 
‘Principal Risks and Uncertainties’ sections on pages 48 to 
64 and pages 30 to 47, respectively. Sessions were then 
held with senior management to assess and validate the 
identified IROs for accuracy and completeness, the 
Executive Management Team then approved the 
assessment of the IROs. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 79
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 82]
During 2025, there was no material change in the Group’s 
organisational or operational structure, and no material 
change in external factors that could generate new or 
modify existing IROs or that could impact the relevance 
of current disclosures, therefore, Subsea7 refers to the 
DMA performed in the second half of 2023 for the 2025 
reporting period. 
This disclosure explains future improvements in the ongoing 
due diligence and double materiality assessment process, 
including robust engagement with affected stakeholders. 
Due diligence is an ongoing practice that responds to and 
may trigger changes in the Group’s strategy, business 
model, activities, business relationships, operating, sourcing 
and selling contexts. The Sustainability Statements may 
not include every impact, risk and opportunity or additional 
entity-specific disclosure that each individual stakeholder 
or group of stakeholders may consider important in their 
own particular assessment. 
Disclosure requirements in ESRS covered by 
sustainability statements (ESRS 2 IRO-2)
For information relating to the disclosure requirements in 
line with the ESRS which are material to Subsea7, refer to 
the reference tables in the ‘Appendix’ on pages 122 to 124. 
For data points that derive from other EU legislation as listed 
in ESRS 2, refer to the ‘Appendix’ on pages 124 to 126. 
Minimum disclosure requirements on policies 
and actions
Unless stated otherwise, the following applies to all policies 
referred to in the Sustainability Statements: 
•
 The policies apply to all geographical areas of operations, 
and all of Subsea7’s workforce without any exclusions 
•
 The implementation of each policy is the responsibility 
of the functional director, with overall accountability 
within the Executive Management Team 
•
 All policies are available in the Group’s Business 
Management System and made available to any person 
in the organisation 
As described in the ‘Sustainability in our strategy, business 
model and value chain (ESRS 2 SBM-1)’ section on page 75, 
Subsea7’s activities can both impact, or be impacted by 
sustainability matters, whether through its workforce and 
operations, relationships with suppliers, or the positive or 
negative impact of client activities in which it participates. 
Subsea7 responds to its impacts, risks and opportunities 
through the implementation of several business actions 
and activities led by management. Overall accountability 
lies with the Executive Management Team. Subsea7 also 
uses targets to monitor progress and identify areas for 
improvement across its sustainability priorities. These 
targets are disclosed in the relevant sections relating 
to reporting in line with ESRS requirements. Further 
information on the oversight of sustainability matters 
is detailed in the ‘Risk management and internal controls 
over sustainability reporting (GOV-5)’ on pages 74 to 75. 
0 2 4 6
4
3
2
1
0
8 10 12 14
Health and safety
GHG emissions
Labour practices and human rights
Climate strategy
Talent attraction, 
development and retention
Business ethics
Collaborations and partnerships
Cybersecurity and privacy
Diversity and inclusion
Responsible supply chain
Impact 
materiality
Financial 
materiality
Threshold level
16
  Affordability of energy
  Pollution management
  Biodiversity
  Spills management
  Water and marine 
resources
  Waste management
  Local communities 
and development
  Resource management
  R&D and innovation
  Importance for  
       stakeholders
Subsea7 double materiality matrix
  Material topics   Topics with lower materiality for Subsea7
Subsea 7 S.A. | Annual Report 202476
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Figure 1-1 – Subsea7 Double Materiality Matrix
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202580
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 83]
0 2 4 6
4
3
2
1
0
8 10 12 14
Health and safety
GHG emissions
Labour practices and human rights
Climate strategy
Talent attraction, 
development and retention
Business ethics
Collaborations and partnerships
Cybersecurity and privacy
Diversity and inclusion
Responsible supply chain
Impact 
materiality
Financial 
materiality
Threshold level
16
  Affordability of energy
  Pollution management
  Biodiversity
  Spills management
  Water and marine 
resources
  Waste management
  Local communities 
and development
  Resource management
  R&D and innovation
  Importance for  
       stakeholders
Subsea7 double materiality matrix
  Material topics   Topics with lower materiality for Subsea7
Subsea 7 S.A. | Annual Report 202476
Reporting according to the EU Taxonomy
Table 2-1 – EU Taxonomy KPI summary
KPIs for Climate 
Change Mitigation 
Objective as of 
31 December 2025
Revenue 
$m
Capex 
$m
Opex 
$m
2025 2024 Var 2025 2024 Var 2025 2024 Var
Numerator 
for Eligible
1,107 1,184 (77) 67 89 (22) 28 21 7
Numerator 
for Aligned
1,076 1,127 (51) 67 89 (22) 27 20 7
Numerator for 
Non-Eligible
5,979 5,653 326 398 463 (66) 122 118 4
Denominator 7,086 6,837 249 465 552 (88) 150 139 11
Eligible 
proportion
16% 17% (170bp) 14% 16% (170bp) 19% 15% 380bp
Aligned 
proportion
15% 16% 130bp 14% 16% (170bp) 18% 14% 390bp
Non-Eligible 
proportion
84% 83% 170bp 86% 84% 170bp 81% 85% (380bp)
Revenue (turnover)
The primary source of revenue contributing to the numerator of the taxonomy revenue KPIs was generated from the 
installation of offshore wind farm facilities. The proportion of the Group’s total revenue which was taxonomy-eligible in 2025 
was 16% compared to 17% in 2024. The proportion of the Group’s total revenue that was taxonomy-aligned in 2025 was 15% 
compared to 16% in 2024. 
Capex
All capex contributing to taxonomy KPIs, which included additions of vessels to the Group’s fleet and right-of-use assets, 
was in support of the Group’s activities related to the offshore wind business. The capex was invested in line with the Group’s 
long-term strategy and planning objectives. The Group’s taxonomy-eligible and taxonomy-aligned capex in 2025 represented 
14% of the total capex of the Group compared to 16% in 2024. The year-on-year decrease in taxonomy-eligible and 
taxonomy-aligned capex was primarily due to the investment in 2023 in the two newbuild vessels, Seaway Ventus and 
Seaway Alfa Lift which were fully operational by 2024. In 2025 there was no new build investment.
Opex
Opex contributing to taxonomy KPIs included maintenance and repair costs directly related to vessels operating exclusively 
on offshore wind activities and research and development (R&D) costs with a direct link to expected future revenue within 
the offshore wind sector. The proportion of the Group’s opex that was taxonomy-eligible in 2025 was 19% compared to 15% 
in 2024. A portion of the taxonomy-eligible R&D opex is related to subsea hydrogen storage and carbon capture and storage, 
however, due to the early stages of these activities, the Group is not yet in a position to state whether alignment criteria were 
met. Subsea7 will continue to review this for reporting in future periods. 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
DISCLOSURES
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 81
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 84]
EU regulation
On 18 June 2020, the European Union (EU) issued 
Regulation Commission 2020/852 on the establishment 
of a framework to facilitate investment for companies 
registered within the EU. Under this regulation and its 
delegated acts (the ‘EU Taxonomy’), the Subsea 7 S.A. 
Group is required to publish, for the 2025 financial year, 
eligibility and alignment indicators highlighting the 
proportion of its revenue, capital expenditure (‘capex’) 
and operating expenditure (‘opex’), collectively, key 
performance indicators (‘KPIs’) resulting from economic 
activities considered as sustainable as defined by the 
EU Taxonomy. 
The EU Taxonomy defines an economic activity as 
sustainable if it shows Significant Contribution (SC) to 
reaching one or more of six environmental objectives, 
Do No Significant Harm (DNSH) to any of the environmental 
objectives, and is carried out in compliance with the Minimum 
Safeguards (MS). The six environmental objectives are; 
climate change mitigation, climate change adaptation, 
sustainable use and protection of water and marine 
resources, transition to a circular economy, pollution 
prevention and control, protection and restoration of 
biodiversity and ecosystems. The assessment of eligibility 
and the degree of alignment was performed based on a 
detailed analysis of all the Group’s economic activities 
undertaken in the year, measured against:
•
 The Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 
 
2021 and its annexes supplementing Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 specifying the technical criteria for determining 
under which conditions an economic activity may be 
considered to contribute to climate change mitigation  
or climate change adaptation,
•
 The Regulation relating to article 8 also defined as 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 of the European 
Commission of 6 July 2021 and its annexes supplementing
 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 specifying how to calculate 
the KPIs and the narrative information to be published,
•
 Amendments to Objectives 1 and 2 amending Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No. 2021/2139 establishing additional 
technical selection criteria for determining the conditions 
under which certain economic activities may be considered
 
to contribute substantially to climate change mitigation 
or adaptation, and for determining whether such 
activities do not adversely affect any of the other 
environmental objectives,
•
 Clarification of the EU Taxonomy’s other environmental 
objectives relating to the protection and sustainable use 
of water and marine resources, the transition to a circular 
economy, the prevention and control of pollution and the 
protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems 
via the Commission’s delegated regulation (EU) of 
27 June 2023 supplementing delegated regulation 
 
(EU) 2020/2139 
Subsea7 performed an exercise to identify each economic 
activity that contributed to the Group’s Consolidated Financial 
Statements. An analytical methodology was applied, which 
involved definitions, assumptions and estimates, the main 
elements of which are described in the following sections. 
This analytical methodology will continue to develop as the 
EU Taxonomy evolves.
Eligible economic activities under the  
EU Taxonomy 
The first step of the alignment assessment in accordance 
with the EU Taxonomy requires the Group to identify 
all eligible economic activities for each of the published 
environmental objectives. The economic activities identified 
resulted from a comprehensive review of the Group’s 
activities in 2025.
Stakeholders within the Group were engaged to analyse 
all third-party revenue-generating activities, as well as any 
activities for which there was capex which may generate 
revenue in future periods, and opex such as research and 
development (R&D) spend.
The Group’s activities, which were assessed to be EU 
Taxonomy-eligible for the six environmental objectives are 
shown in table 2-2 on page 84, with only the climate change 
mitigation objective being relevant. 
The classification of activities in 2025 is consistent with 
what was reported in prior years with revenue generating 
activities falling under 4.3 ‘Electricity generation from wind 
power’. Activities categorised under 5.11 ‘Transport of CO
2‘ 
did not meet the Substantial Contribution criteria and 
therefore were deemed to be eligible but not aligned.
Eligible capex and opex are also included primarily in the 
activity ‘4.3 Electricity generation from wind power’ with 
a small amount of opex linked to the activity 9.1 ‘Close 
to market research, development and innovation’, which 
considers expenses linked to R&D, in this case R&D 
related to green hydrogen storage studies.
The review of eligibility indicators covered all of the 
Group’s economic activities included in the Group’s 
Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 
31 December 2025. In the year, 99% of the eligible 
revenue related to the construction of electricity 
generation facilities that produce electricity from 
wind power, with the balance consisting of the 
Group’s participation in carbon capture projects.
For clarity, the oil and gas related economic activities of 
the Group’s Subsea and Conventional, and Corporate 
business units were assessed as non-eligible under the 
EU Taxonomy. All oil and gas related activities were 
deemed non-eligible due to the exclusion of fossil fuel 
extraction activities from the EU Taxonomy target scope. 
Notwithstanding this, the Group’s non-eligible activities 
included activities contributing to reducing the carbon 
intensity of the energy transition such as carbon footprint 
optimisation, studies related to carbon capture systems in 
the oil and gas sector, a project for the electrification of an 
offshore platform using floating wind technology, and other 
less significant carbon footprint reducing activities.
It is possible that some of these activities may fall into 
the eligible scope in the future and this will continue to 
be monitored.
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202582
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 85]
Alignment assessment for revenue-
generating activities
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation requires eligible activities to be analysed 
regarding their compliance with the alignment criteria 
for activities under climate change mitigation and climate 
change adaptation objectives, which includes considerations 
related to Substantial Contribution, do no significant harm 
and minimum safeguards. 
Substantial Contribution
Activity 4.3 ‘Electricity generation from  
wind power’
In order to meet the technical screening criteria related  
to this activity, management concluded that all eligible 
activities met the Substantial Contribution criteria as the 
activity ultimately resulted in the generation of electricity 
from wind farms.
Activity 5.11 ‘Transport of C02’
During assessment of these activities it was concluded  
that the Substantial Contribution criteria of this activity 
were not met and therefore the activity is not aligned to  
the taxonomy requirements.
Activity 9.1 ‘Close to market research, 
development and innovation’ 
Substantial Contribution criteria were met as the OPEX 
under this activity relates to studies for the construction  
of subsea hydrogen storage facilities. This is in its early 
stages, with activities related to R&D spend, and as such  
it was concluded that Subsea7 could not yet classify the 
activity as taxonomy-aligned.
Do No Significant Harm (DNSH)
Internal policies and procedures were used in the 
assessment of the DNSH criteria. Including the Group’s 
Sustainability Strategy, Compliance and Ethics policies,  
and Environmental Management Procedure. In addition,  
the Environmental Management Plans for each eligible 
project were reviewed. The following DNSH criteria  
were considered:
Protection of biodiversity and ecosystems (4.3)
For all of the Group’s eligible activities, ISO 14001 certified 
environmental management plans are implemented. These 
plans provide a framework to allow management to monitor 
and mitigate the environmental impacts of the Group’s 
business operations and meet the requirements of all 
applicable regulations. Within the plans a number of 
standards and procedures are maintained in order to  
meet the DNSH assessment criteria for EU Taxonomy 
requirements. These plans incorporate inputs from the 
Group’s clients. All issues identified and requirements 
defined in the original environmental impact assessments 
are considered to establish the consent requirements for 
the activity; these are then incorporated into the client’s 
environmental management plans, and finally into the 
Group’s environmental management plans.
Regarding protection of biodiversity and ecosystems, 
together with its clients Subsea7’s ensures that its 
operations meet the requirements of the environmental 
permits that its clients are held accountable against, 
in turn ensuring that the eligible activities do not hamper the 
achievement of good environmental status as set out in 
Directive 2008/56/EC.
Transition to a circular economy (4.3)
Subsea7 is focused on moving from a linear economy 
towards a circular economy across its business and supply 
chains. The intended result is to minimise resource use, 
keep resources in use for as long as possible, extract 
maximum value from them, reduce waste and promote 
resource efficiency. Subsea7 has a group-wide Circular 
Economy Guidance document, the purpose of which is  
to provide guidance on Subsea7’s approach to promoting 
the circular economy concept, both onshore and offshore. 
The environmental management plans may also include 
additional relevant assessments related to circular  
economy issues.
Sustainable use and protection of water and 
marine resources (4.3)
Sustainable use and protection of water and marine 
resources is also considered in the assessment. In the  
case of the construction of offshore wind infrastructures, 
Subsea7’s activities do not hamper the achievement of 
good environmental status, Subsea7 works with its clients 
to ensure legislative requirements under environmental 
licenses are met. An example of where steps were taken  
to minimise potential noise impacts was the successful use 
of near-field noise mitigation systems, including bubble 
curtains, on wind farm projects to protect the environment 
from the sound and vibration caused by pile-driving 
foundation structures into the seabed. 
Adaptation to climate change (4.3)
As part of the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting 
Directive (CSRD) requirements, climate-related risks  
and opportunities have been identified that may have 
a strategic or financial impact on the Group. Refer to 
ESRS E1 – Climate change section on page 88 for more 
information. In addition to the identification of climate-
related risks, Subsea7 commissioned an independent third 
party to perform an analysis of short-term risks. Climate risk 
and vulnerability assessments were also performed by the 
Group’s clients to meet alignment expectations. 
Minimum Safeguards
The EU Taxonomy defines a set of Minimum Safeguards in 
accordance with Article 18 of the Regulation. The Minimum 
Safeguards are a set of defined UN, EU and other international 
human rights and code of ethics guidelines against which 
businesses must assess their procedures. Four themes are 
covered under the Minimum Safeguards criteria: human rights, 
corruption, taxation and fair competition. 
In order to meet the requirements, the Group has established 
a process for mapping its policies and procedures to the 
following guidelines and standards, as set out by the  
EU Taxonomy:
•
 The OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises;
 
•
 The UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights;
 
•
 The principles and rights set out in the eight fundamental
 
conventions identified in the Declaration of the International 
Labour Organization Declaration on Fundamental Principles 
and Rights at Work;
•
 The International Charter of Human Rights.
 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 83
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 86]
Table 2-2 – EU Taxonomy Activities
Environmental objective Activity covered by the 
EU Taxonomy Code
Associated 
NACE code
Definition  
of the activity Corresponding Group activity
Climate change 
mitigation
4.3
Electricity 
generation from 
wind power
D35.11 
F42.22
Construction or 
operation of electricity 
generation facilities that 
produce electricity from 
wind power.
Activities related to the delivery of fixed 
and floating offshore wind farm projects. 
This includes the procurement and 
installation of offshore wind turbine 
foundations and inner-array cables as 
well as heavy lifting operations and 
heavy transportation services of 
renewables structures.
Climate change 
mitigation
5.11 
Transport of C0
2
F42.21
H49.50
Transport of captured 
CO
2 via all modes.
The Group participated in a carbon  
capture and storage (CCS) project, 
offshore Norway. This
 
scope included 
engineering, fabrication and installation 
of approximately 100 kilometres of 
pipeline that will connect the CO
2 
collection facility to the CO2 storage site.
Climate change 
mitigation
9.1 
Close to market 
research, 
development and 
innovation which 
considers 
expenses linked 
to R&D
M72
R&D activities 
associated with 
hydrogen and 
carbon capture.
The Group is currently involved in R&D 
activities relating to the construction of 
green hydrogen storage facilities and 
carbon capture and storage studies.
Having performed a review of the Group’s policies and 
procedures, management concluded that the Group complies 
with the alignment criteria of the EU Taxonomy’s Minimum 
Safeguards. Further information is available in the Group’s 
Business Ethics, Human Rights and Tax policies section at 
www.subsea7.com and within the Sustainability Statements 
within this document. 
Methodology for calculating KPIs
The financial information used for the EU Taxonomy report 
is based on the Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2025 and was sourced 
from the Group’s financial information systems. It was 
subject to internal review and assurance by the Group’s 
finance function to ensure consistency of approach with  
the revenue, opex and capex information reported in the 
Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Group’s taxonomy-eligible/aligned revenue KPIs are 
determined by dividing the sum of the revenue related 
to eligible and aligned activities by the total revenue 
of all activities as reported in the Group’s Consolidated 
Financial Statements. The Group’s revenue relates mainly 
to engineering, procurement, construction and installation 
contracts recognised in accordance with Note 3 ‘Material 
accounting policies’ in the Group’s Consolidated Financial 
Statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.
The Group’s taxonomy-eligible/aligned capex KPIs are 
determined by dividing the sum of the capex of eligible  
and aligned capex activities by the total of additions 
to intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, 
and addition and remeasurement of right-of-use assets as 
reported in the Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
For further details refer to notes 13, 14, and 15 to the 
Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2025. 
The Group’s taxonomy-eligible/aligned opex KPIs are 
determined by dividing the sum of the opex related to 
eligible and aligned activities by the total opex for all 
activities for the Group during the year ended 31 December 
2025. The only operating expenses reported under the 
numerator and denominator for the Group were:
•
 Expenses that relate to the maintenance and repair 
of property, plant and equipment; and
•
 Research and development expenses, including direct 
personnel costs.
To avoid double-counting, management only included as 
eligible those operating expenditures allocated in full to 
supporting the execution of eligible activities. The expenses 
already included under the capex taxonomy-aligned KPIs 
have been excluded from the opex taxonomy-aligned KPIs 
numerator and denominator. 
Future Developments
In line with the Group’s strategy on pages 10 to 12, Subsea7 
intends to continue to develop the Group’s Taxonomy 
eligible and aligned KPIs and to continue to evaluate the 
Group’s operations and identify any new activities which 
may be eligible under the six environmental objectives 
within the sustainability taxonomy.
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202584
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 87]
Additional Information – EU Taxonomy Disclosure
Table 2-3 – Proportion of turnover from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities – 
disclosure covering year 2025.
Financial year 
2025 2025 Substantial Contribution Criteria DNSH criteria (‘Does Not Significantly Harm’) (h)
Economic 
Activities (1)
Code (a) 
(2)
Turnover
$ millions 
(3)
Proportion 
of Turnover, (4)
Climate Change 
Mitigation (5)
Climate Change 
Adaptation (6)
Water (7)
Pollution (8)
Circular Economy (9)
Biodiversity (10)
Climate Change 
Mitigation (11)
Climate Change 
Adaptation (12)
Water (13)
Pollution (14)
Circular Economy (15)
Biodiversity (16)
Minimum safeguards (17)
Proportion of Taxonomy 
aligned (A.1.) or eligible 
(A.2.) Turnover, 2024 (18)
Category enabling 
activity (19)
Category transitional 
activity (20)
A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)
Electricity 
generation 
from wind 
power
CCM 
4.3 1,075.9 15% Y N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL n/a Y Y n/a Y Y Y 16% E –
Turnover of 
environmentally 
sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned) 
(A.1)
 1,075.9 15% 15% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% n/a Y Y n/a Y Y Y 16% – –
Of which Enabling 1,075.9 15% 15% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% n/a Y Y n/a Y Y Y 16% E –
Of which Transitional 0.0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a 0% – T
A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities 
(not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (g)
Electricity 
generation 
from wind 
power
CCM 
4.3 23.5 0% EL N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
Transport 
of CO
2
CCM 
5.11 7.7 0% EL N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
Turnover of 
Taxonomy-eligible but 
not environmentally 
sustainable activities 
(not Taxonomy-
aligned activities) 
(A.2)
31.1 0% 0% 0% – – – –
A. Turnover of 
Taxonomy eligible 
activities (A.1+A.2)
1,107.0 16% 16% 0% – – – –
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
Turnover of 
Taxonomy-non-
eligible activities
5,979.3 84%
TOTAL 7,086.3 100%
Proportion of turnover from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities per environmental 
objective – disclosure covering year ended 31 December 2025.
Proportion of turnover/Total turnover
Taxonomy-aligned 
per objective
Taxonomy-eligible 
per objective
CCM 15% 16%
CCA 0% 0%
WTR 0% 0%
CE 0% 0%
PPC 0% 0%
BIO 0% 0%
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 85
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 88]
Table 2-4 – Proportion of CapEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities – disclosure 
covering year 2025
Financial year 
2025 2025 Substantial Contribution Criteria
DNSH criteria  
(‘Does Not Significantly Harm’) (h)
Economic 
Activities (1)
Code (a) 
(2)
CapEx
$ millions 
(3)
Proportion 
of CapEx, (4)
Climate Change 
Mitigation (5)
Climate Change 
Adaptation (6)
Water (7)
Pollution (8)
Circular Economy (9)
Biodiversity (10)
Climate Change 
Mitigation (11)
Climate Change 
Adaptation (12)
Water (13)
Pollution (14)
Circular Economy (15)
Biodiversity (16)
Minimum safeguards (17)
Proportion of Taxonomy 
aligned (A.1.) or eligible 
(A.2.) CapEx, year 2024 
(18)
Category enabling 
activity (19)
Category transitional 
activity (20)
A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)
Electricity 
generation 
from wind 
power
CCM 
4.3 66.8 14% Y N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL n/a Y Y n/a Y Y Y 16% E –
CapEx of 
environmentally 
sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned) 
(A.1)
 66.8 14% 14% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% n/a Y Y n/a Y Y Y 16% – –
Of which Enabling 66.8 14% 14% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% n/a Y Y n/a Y Y Y 16% E –
Of which Transitional 0.0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a 0% – T
A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities 
(not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (g)
Electricity 
generation 
from wind 
power
CCM 
4.3 0 0% EL N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
CapEx of Taxonomy-
eligible but not 
environmentally 
sustainable activities 
(not Taxonomy-
aligned activities) 
(A.2)
0 0% 0% 0% – – – –
A. CapEx of 
Taxonomy eligible 
activities (A.1+A.2)
66.8 14% 14% 0% – – – –
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
CapEx of Taxonomy-
non-eligible activities 397.8 86%
TOTAL 464.6 100%
Proportion of CapEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities per environmental 
objective – disclosure covering year ended 31 December 2025. 
Proportion of CapEx/Total CapEx
Taxonomy-aligned  
per objective
Taxonomy-eligible  
per objective
CCM 14% 14%
CCA 0% 0%
WTR 0% 0%
CE 0% 0%
PPC 0% 0%
BIO 0% 0%
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202586
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 89]
Table 2-5 – Proportion of OpEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities – disclosure 
covering year 2025.
Financial year 
2025 2025 Substantial Contribution Criteria
DNSH criteria  
(‘Does Not Significantly Harm’) (h)
Economic 
Activities (1)
Code (a) 
(2)
OpEx
$ millions 
(3)
Proportion 
of OpEx, (4)
Climate Change 
Mitigation (5)
Climate Change 
Adaptation (6)
Water (7)
Pollution (8)
Circular Economy (9)
Biodiversity (10)
Climate Change 
Mitigation (11)
Climate Change 
Adaptation (12)
Water (13)
Pollution (14)
Circular Economy (15)
Biodiversity (16)
Minimum safeguards (17)
Proportion of Taxonomy 
aligned (A.1.) or eligible 
(A.2.) TOpEx, year 2024 
(18)
Category enabling 
activity (19)
Category transitional 
activity (20)
A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)
Electricity 
generation 
from wind 
power
CCM 
4.3 27.2 18% Y N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL n/a Y Y n/a Y Y Y 14% E –
OpEx of 
environmentally 
sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned) 
(A.1)
 27.2 18% 18% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% n/a Y Y n/a Y Y Y 14% – –
Of which Enabling 27.2 18% 18% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% n/a Y Y n/a Y Y Y 14% E –
Of which Transitional 0.0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a 0% – T
A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities 
(not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (g)
Close to 
market 
research, 
development 
and innovation
CCM 
9.1 0.4 0% EL N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
Transport 
of CO
2
CCM 
5.11 0.7 0% EL N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
OpEx of Taxonomy-
eligible but not 
environmentally 
sustainable activities 
(not Taxonomy-
aligned activities) 
(A.2)
1.0 1% 1% 0% – – – –
A. OpEx of Taxonomy 
eligible activities 
(A.1+A.2)
28.2 19% 19% 0% – – – –
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
OpEx of Taxonomy-
non-eligible activities 122.1 81%
TOTAL 150.3 100%
Proportion of OpEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities per environmental 
objective – disclosure covering year ended 31 December 2025. 
Proportion of OpEx/Total OpEx
Taxonomy-aligned  
per objective
Taxonomy-eligible  
per objective
CCM 18% 19%
CCA 0% 0%
WTR 0% 0%
CE 0% 0%
PPC 0% 0%
BIO 0% 0%
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 87
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 90]
ESRS E1 – Climate change
Integration of sustainability-related performance 
in incentive schemes (ESRS 2 GOV-3)
While Subsea7 has set climate-related targets, and 
monitors progress towards those targets, Subsea7 does 
not currently assess the performance of its Board members 
or Executive Management Team against the Greenhouse 
Gas (GHG) emissions reduction targets referenced on page 
92. A significant factor in achieving Subsea7’s emissions 
reduction targets is the development of suitable alternative 
fuels commercially available at scale in the market for the 
maritime industry. This development is outside the control 
of Subsea7, therefore, it would be unreasonable for the 
Board or the Executive Management Team to be 
assessed against these variables.
Transition plan for climate change mitigation 
(ESRS E1-1)
Although Subsea7 has not developed a specific transition 
plan for climate change mitigation, Subsea7’s strategy is 
aligned with the energy transition in several ways, through 
its operations in offshore wind and carbon capture and 
storage (CCS), focus on deepwater oil and gas and in 
decarbonising its own fleet. Subsea7 plays a leading 
role in the construction of sustainable offshore energy 
developments worldwide, and the fixed offshore wind 
market is a significant part of Subsea7’s business. Subsea7, 
through its Seaway7 brand, reported as the Renewables 
business unit, has been operating in offshore wind since 
2009. In 2025, the Renewables business unit generated 
17% of the Group’s revenue and, by 31 December 2025, 
had supported the construction of 19.9 GW of cumulative 
power capacity of renewables projects through installation 
of offshore wind farm infrastructures. 
In 2024, Subsea7 delivered its first carbon capture project 
scope for Phase 1 of Northern Lights in Norway. By utilising 
the Group’s existing fleet of vessels, the project offers 
a new source of revenue growth with limited associated 
investment. In 2025, engineering progressed on Phase 2, 
which includes a five-kilometre carbon dioxide (CO
2) 
pipeline, integrated satellite structures, umbilicals, tie-ins 
and pre-commissioning activities. This phase will increase 
CO
2 storage capacity from 1.5 million tonnes to at least 
5 million tonnes per year, a significant step in decarbonising 
hard-to-abate industries. 
Subsea deepwater oil and gas is an important market for 
Subsea7. Deepwater developments have an advantaged 
carbon-intensity profile primarily due to the efficiency and 
scale of these projects as they often target very large 
reservoirs. To support this position, Subsea7 commissioned 
an expert energy consultancy to perform a study to analyse 
the relative carbon-intensity levels of extracting oil and gas, 
specifically mapping emissions from exploration, drilling, 
field development, production and transportation. The study 
was performed to interrogate several industry research claims 
that deepwater developments have, on average, the lowest 
carbon-intensive method of extracting oil and gas. The 
findings of the study support the observation that offshore 
hydrocarbons, particularly deepwater, has the potential 
to be the lowest carbon-intensive source per barrel of 
oil extracted. 
Subsea7’s proprietary technology and engineering 
capability supports its clients in developing these projects 
in cost-effective and efficient ways. Subsea7 has extensive 
expertise and experience in large offshore oil and gas field 
developments. With the positive market momentum 
anticipated, there is a greater need to support lower-carbon 
solutions while meeting current and future energy needs. 
Subsea7’s investment in OneSubsea, a global joint venture 
between SLB, Aker Solutions and Subsea7, strengthens 
and accelerates the solutions needed to reduce emissions 
in subsea operations through a focus on innovation and 
efficiencies in the integrated project offering through the 
Subsea Integration Alliance which is described on page 10. 
To further support climate mitigation, Subsea7 is 
addressing its own GHG emissions, primarily from its fleet 
of vessels, through its decarbonisation plan. As part of this 
plan, Subsea7 aims to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
emissions, targeting a 50% reduction by 2035 as compared 
to an adjusted 2018 base year baseline, and achieving 
Net-Zero Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2050. While 
Subsea7 is implementing changes and solutions available 
today, there are several factors that could affect Subsea7’s 
ability to meet these targets and could cause its plans to 
differ materially from those currently reported, including 
but not limited to the availability and deployment of cleaner 
technologies at scale commercially. Further details on 
Subsea7’s decarbonisation targets and levers are shown 
on pages 91 and 92. Renewable energy is an important part 
of Subsea7’s business, and it aims to support its clients to 
accelerate the energy transition. Subsea7 is committed 
to translating its renewables capabilities into benefits for 
its clients through the construction of offshore wind farms. 
Subsea7’s ambition was to support 18 GW of cumulative 
power capacity installed through renewable energy projects 
by the end of 2025 and 35 GW by 2030. Subsea7 met the 
first of these milestones, contributing to 19.9 GW of 
installed power capacity by the end of 2025. 
Subsea7 is committed to transparency in its climate 
mitigation plans, targets, and progress. Subsea7’s economic 
activities that relate to climate adaptation and mitigation 
including capital expenditure and operating expenses 
relating to activities in line with the EU Taxonomy regulation 
are shown on pages 81 to 87. Reference is also made to 
‘Targets related to climate change mitigation and 
adaptation (ESRS E1-4)‘. 
Management has adopted a structured approach to 
assessing material risks, including climate risks, 
opportunities, and impacts of the Group’s operations. 
The decarbonisation plan and progress against this plan 
and its targets are regularly reviewed by the Executive 
Management Team and the Board of Directors. Progress 
towards decarbonisation targets is shown on page 92, 
while progress on renewables cumulative power capacity 
supported targets is shown on page 24. 
While Subsea7 has not fully analysed its locked-in 
emissions, it intends to further mature this area as part 
of its continued review of the assumptions and actions 
associated with the decarbonisation plan. 
Resilience of strategy and business model(s) 
(ESRS 2 SBM-3)
The strategy of Subsea7 is to create sustainable value by 
delivering the offshore energy transition solutions the world 
needs. As such, climate change impacts and opportunities 
and its associated physical and transitional risks are 
considered in the Group’s strategy. Subsea7 also recognises 
the significant uncertainty in pace and direction of the energy 
transition and the potential impact from climate change and 
climate change-related risks on its business model. 
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202588
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 91]
To build a resilient business, Subsea7 focuses on two main 
business units: Subsea and Conventional, and Renewables. 
This allows Subsea7 the flexibility to balance its strategic 
focus in response to the global energy mix, demands of 
society and the needs of its clients. These are driven by 
the pace and direction of the energy transition in response 
to climate change and in the various climate change 
scenarios considered.
Subsea7 does not have a formal process to test the 
resilience of its strategy and business model but makes 
use of a number of climate change scenarios, including 
those of recognised international organisations such as 
the International Energy Agency (IEA), Organization of the 
Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and Rystad when 
assessing climate change risk and the impact of climate 
change on its future market and business model. As part 
of the ongoing management of the Group, climate change 
scenarios and reports are studied by management and, 
when trends, scenarios or demand projections raise concerns, 
specific analysis or investigations may be initiated to 
substantiate the risk and the potential impacts. Based 
on such specific analysis, the resilience of the Group’s 
business model for specific events is assessed and any 
necessary adjustments are made. Due to the common skills 
and capabilities required within the Group, Subsea7 can 
shift its strategic focus and allocate resources between 
business units to meet current and future business demands. 
Negative trends or scenarios can be linked to demand 
for certain products by the Group’s clients, or physical, 
political or regulatory developments or events impacting 
the Group’s business units, such as the deployment of 
electric vehicles, grid constraints, supply chain bottlenecks, 
oil price fluctuations, emission taxes (applicable to the 
Group and/or its clients’ businesses) or other. 
Processes to identify and assess material 
climate-related impacts, risks and opportunities 
(ESRS 2 IRO-1)
The process of risk identification and management is 
embedded into Subsea7’s operations at every level. The 
‘Principle Risks and Uncertainties’ section on page 30 
details Subsea7’s risk management approach and its 
internal controls. Risk identification is managed through 
functional and technical expertise across the Group, with all 
risks, including those related to sustainability, being 
reported to and assessed by the Executive Risk Committee 
in close collaboration with the Sustainability Committee for 
sustainability-linked and climate-related risks. To support 
preparedness for potential climate-related risks and 
opportunities, and to ensure effective management, 
Subsea7 considers short-term (0-2 years), medium-term 
(up to 5 years), and long-term (beyond 5 years) horizons. 
The time horizon for short-term risks differs slightly from 
those stated under ESRS 1 to incorporate the timing of the 
Group’s budgeting and planning process, which starts 
mid-year and, therefore, incorporates the current year plus 
the following year for which the budget is prepared. 
The identification and assessment of climate-related risks 
has primarily focused on transitional risks. Subsea7 intends 
to further mature this process for physical climate-related 
risks and aims to report on the outcomes in future periods. 
The process of identifying and assessing climate-related 
risks and opportunities is performed both regionally and 
globally. Globally, this process is led by a group of subject 
matter experts and reviewed by the Executive Sustainability 
Committee. Qualitative analysis includes considering 
various types of climate-related transitional risks related 
to current and emerging regulations, technology, legal, 
market, and reputational topics. Similarly, climate-related 
opportunities are evaluated globally, focusing on aspects 
such as resource efficiency and market prospects. These 
risks and opportunities have the potential to impact the 
Group financially or strategically, and they are considered 
by their type, timescale, likelihood of occurrence, and 
potential magnitude of financial effects. 
Regionally, Subsea7 regularly evaluates short-term risks, 
especially project-based risks related to operational 
activities. For instance, operational procedures for 
the Group’s fleet and project execution incorporate 
management of climate-related risks such as sea and 
weather conditions, and the regional management teams 
evaluate risks related to future business in light of the 
energy transition, which is influenced by sustainability 
matters and climate-related impacts. 
Management assesses medium-term strategic positioning 
through the Group’s five-year strategic plan. Operating 
within the energy industry, Subsea7 recognises that 
climate-related issues may affect the pace of the global 
energy transition and, consequently, its strategy and 
long-term positioning. 
The five-year strategic plan includes regional assessments 
of short and medium-term prospects, along with related 
risks and opportunities. Regions use third-party data to 
interpret market forecasts and drivers, thereby assessing 
the business strategy within the evolving offshore energy 
market. Climate-related factors affecting market dynamics 
and value chain behaviours are typically reflected in 
forecast market sizes across different geographies 
and energy segments, indicating the pace of the 
energy transition. This review facilitates budget allocation, 
strategic decision-making, regulatory compliance reviews, 
and discussions about new and emerging risks and 
opportunities that require consideration within the 
next five years. 
Climate-related risks and opportunities beyond the five-year 
horizon are qualitatively assessed, focusing on long-term 
transition risks and opportunities. Such risks include current 
and emerging regulations, technology, legal aspects, market 
trends and reputation, which could potentially influence the 
Group financially or strategically. Long-term considerations 
also involve reviewing changes in regulatory requirements, 
market trends, and consumer demands. 
Subsea7’s business activities that align with the transition 
to net zero and environmental sustainability are detailed in 
the EU Taxonomy disclosure on pages 81 to 87. Although 
future business activities are not assessed against this 
framework, Subsea7 will continue to report under the EU 
Taxonomy to clarify which activities are eligible and aligned 
and which are not. 
This section refers to the climate-related IROs identified 
following the double materiality assessment process as 
described on pages 79 to 80. Table 2-6 presents the 
IROs in relation to climate change. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 89
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 92]
Table 2-6 – IROs in relation to climate change
Boundary in value chain Time horizon
Risk type Upstream
Own 
operation Downstream Short Medium Long
Climate-related matters I/R/O
Availability of sufficient volumes of 
alternative fuels that are commercially 
viable and which can be sourced globally 
to support Subsea7’s goal of reducing 
Scope 1 GHG emissions 
Risk Transition: 
Technology
Emerging regulation leading to increased 
costs due to changes in GHG emissions 
legislation including carbon taxes 
Risk
Transition: 
Policy and 
legal
Introducing technology, systems or 
products that are insufficiently mature 
or unsatisfactorily implemented to keep 
pace with the timescale expected by 
society, governing bodies and countries 
to provide lower-carbon energy in a 
sustainable and cost-efficient way 
could have an adverse reputational 
and financial impact for the Group 
Risk Transition: 
Technology
Regulation and supervision of climate-
related risk in the financial sector, which 
could lead to challenges in accessing 
funding for the Group 
Risk Transition: 
Reputation
Failure to secure and manage costs 
could impact the Group’s financial 
performance; risks include cancellations 
or delays of clean energy projects, 
due to regulatory or financial hurdles 
Risk Transition: 
Market
Increased use of electricity generated 
from renewable energy tariffs for 
onshore facilities 
Opportunity
Building on Subsea7’s significant 
well-established position in the offshore 
renewables market and growing our 
geographic and service offering within 
offshore wind 
Opportunity
Increasing revenue associated with 
growth in emerging energies and access 
to new markets 
Opportunity
Development of new products or 
services to support lower-carbon oil 
and gas solutions, and growth of 
offshore wind and emerging energy 
Opportunity
Building on Subsea7’s track record for 
collaborative working and partnerships, 
work with clients, suppliers and partners 
to develop the solutions needed to 
unlock new energies from a technical, 
economic and regulatory perspective 
Opportunity
GHG emissions from Subsea7’s 
operations (Scope 1 and 2) 
Actual impact 
(-)
GHG emissions from Subsea7’s 
upstream value chain (Scope 3) 
Actual impact 
(-)
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202590
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 93]
Impacts, risks and opportunities 
management
Policies related to climate change mitigation and 
adaptation (ESRS E1-2)
While Subsea7 lacks a specific climate policy, the Group’s 
Values and the Code of Conduct address the importance 
of climate matters. The Code of Conduct includes a 
dedicated section related to people, community and the 
planet. There is a section focused on the environment and 
climate change, highlighting the importance of reducing 
emissions and supporting the development of sustainable 
energy through the Group’s Renewables business unit. 
Actions and resources in relation to climate 
change policies (ESRS E1-3)
Addressing GHG emissions from direct 
operations:
Decarbonisation lever – use of alternative fuels and 
energy systems: Subsea7’s short- and medium-term focus 
is on the use of different types and blends of biofuels as 
a viable route to reduce GHG emissions. A process is now 
in place that enables transition of the Group’s vessels to 
biofuel blends as and when available and technically and 
economically viable. While the availability of biofuels in 
general is slowly improving, the maritime sector is in 
competition with other users, mainly road transportation 
and aviation, and barriers related to availability and 
uneconomic pricing will remain. The economic viability and 
competition for these fuels will be strongly influenced by 
evolving law and regulation for all sectors at both a national, 
regional, and global level, which include various alternative 
fuel standards and carbon pricing mechanisms. Subsea7 
continues to monitor the development of all alternative 
fuels, the technologies required to use them, and the 
associated laws and regulations, recognising their 
significant potential to support reduction of GHG emissions 
from our operations as they mature. For the longer term, 
various alternative fuels are being considered, but progress 
is hindered by limitations in readiness, availability, 
technology, scalability, and cost. Based on our research 
and evaluation, paraffinic fuels, co-processed marine gas 
oil, and Fatty Acid Methyl Esters (FAME) could offer viable 
near-term solutions. 
Decarbonisation lever – hybridisation and shore power: 
Subsea7’s owned fleet includes the hybrid vessels Seven 
Viking, Seven Arctic and Seaway Ventus. The newest vessel 
in the fleet, Seaway Ventus, was delivered with a fuel-saving 
direct current system as opposed to alternate current 
systems that have dominated the marine industry in the 
past. Seaway Ventus is equipped with diesel engines delivering 
15 MW and batteries capable of delivering 8 MW for short 
periods. It has been demonstrated that a reduction in GHG 
emissions of up to 17% can be achieved on Seven Arctic 
when in it is working in dynamic positioning mode. However, 
contractual or client requirements can pose a barrier to 
realising the full reduction in emissions. At 31 December 
2025 design and procurement of the hybrid system for 
Seaway Alfa Lift was ongoing. 
Decarbonisation lever – operational efficiency 
improvement: Subsea7 uses digital dashboards to monitor 
vessel performance and improve fuel efficiency. In-house 
systems collect operational data, establishing the basis 
for more informed decisions to be made that may improve 
overall fuel use. The Group has fitted the majority of its fleet 
with digital fuel flow meters, providing essential data for 
analysis, feedback, and adjustments. This allows precise 
monitoring of fuel and consumption. Hull cleaning can 
also have an impact on reducing fuel consumption and 
operational efficiencies, and Subsea7 has developed 
updated hull cleaning/marine growth guidance that will 
allow timely decisions on the cost and benefit of hull 
cleaning. Management is working with specialist cleaning 
companies to be able to implement this more consistently 
across the Group. 
A number of smaller fuel reduction initiatives are at varying 
levels of implementation. Reduced responsiveness and 
accuracy of the Dynamic Positioning (DP) system when 
the project allows is an operational standard for all vessels. 
On the equipment side, switching to LED lighting and 
replacing single speed cooling pumps or fans with more 
energy efficient variable speed equipment are some of 
other projects in development. 
Subsea7’s decarbonisation levers are also referenced 
on page 92. 
Addressing emissions across the value chain – 
upstream:
Engagement with key suppliers plays an important part in 
the Group’s objective to reduce its Scope 3 GHG emissions. 
To support engagement, Subsea7 continues with sustainability 
engagement meetings with key suppliers on reducing 
Scope 3 GHG emissions and their preparedness for 
upcoming regulations. 
The focus for 2025 has been on our suppliers’ readiness 
to comply with the EU Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism 
(CBAM), and a processes and procedures have been 
developed to ensure compliance. With the support of 
external consultants, our Supply Chain team has identified 
Subsea7’s most material procurement categories, and the 
approved suppliers of products and services within them. 
The aim is to focus Subsea7’s supplier engagement related 
to upstream value chain emissions within these most 
material products and services. 
Addressing emissions across the value chain – 
downstream:
Regular engagement with Subsea7’s clients is central to 
understand the global market landscape and pace of the 
energy transition. Subsea7’s Renewable business unit 
primarily comprises the activities of Seaway7, a market 
leader in fixed offshore wind and is also responsible for 
floating wind activities, although this remains early stage.
Growth in offshore renewables
Electrification across society continues to accelerate, 
supported by strong growth in renewable energy generation 
and significant investment in grid infrastructure. Offshore 
wind will continue to play an important role within the 
broader renewable energy mix, however its forecasted 
growth trajectory has been adjusted downward in the 
recent years to reflect certain delays, cancellations and 
reduced capacity expectations across key markets. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 91
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 94]
Several factors underpin this shift: 
•
 Challenging project economics, with many developments 
still requiring subsidies to achieve viable business cases 
•
 Political influence, including fluctuating levels of policy 
support and prioritisation 
•
 Changing priorities, where energy security consideration 
has taken precedence over energy transition objectives 
•
 Complexity of integrated energy systems, which 
increases development timelines and risk profile. 
While in the medium term, these dynamics are expected 
to create challenging market conditions for the sector, 
with fewer and lower gigawatt capacity projects being 
constructed, the longer-term outlook is still positive 
for offshore wind, especially with the anticipated newly 
announced governmental ambitions being implemented. 
Fixed offshore wind 
During 2025, Seaway7 delivered major offshore projects 
across the globe, including significant scope completions 
on Hai Long, Dogger Bank B&C, He Dreiht, Yunlin and 
Revolution. 
Seaway7’s work on the Dogger Bank project, the world’s 
largest offshore wind farm, began in 2019 commencing 
with Dogger Bank A. By the end of 2025, Subsea7 had 
successfully installed 277 monopiles and 277 transition 
pieces across Dogger Bank A/B/C. Delivering all three 
phases of this landmark development has allowed Seaway7 
to optimise its processes and establish new benchmarks for 
efficiency. Furthermore, installation activities for East Anglia 
THREE began in March 2025, with 
Seaway Ventus installing 
39 monopiles and 39 transition pieces, as part of the 
95 monopile scope. 
Our cable-lay vessel Seaway Aimery completed the work 
on Revolution project, the first commercial project in the 
US, while the cable lay operations continued on Hai 
Long project with the Seaway Phoenix. In Germany the 
Seaway Aimery and Seaway Moxie completed the 95km 
cable laying, trenching and as-trenched survey scope for 
He Dreiht Project, currently the largest offshore wind farm 
in Germany with a total capacity of 960 MW. Combined, 
these achievements reflect the efficient execution delivered 
by both the onshore and offshore teams, who worked 
closely with key suppliers to ensure smooth delivery 
following the engineering, procurement and construction 
phases of the components now installed. 
Throughout 2025, Seaway7 contributed significant 
volume by successfully installing 163 inner-array cables, 
128 monopile foundations, and 131 transition pieces, 
enabling its clients to deliver approximately 4 GW of clean, 
reliable power to support a more sustainable energy system 
for the future. 
Floating wind 
While floating wind holds potential, project economics 
remain a key constraint on the pace of development. In 
2025, our efforts focused on maturing technologies and 
solutions aimed to support lower-cost offshore floating 
wind developments through several studies. These activities 
have made good progress in positioning Seaway7 for future 
significant floating wind developments. 
Emerging energies 
In 2025, Subsea7 focused on two main market 
opportunities: carbon capture and storage (CCS) and 
offshore green hydrogen production and transportation. 
Additionally, there has been an increased investment 
in energy storage, leading to more investment in energy 
storage solutions and
 
technology.
 
Following
 
the completion 
of Phase 1 of the subsea infrastructure for the Northern 
Lights project and the official opening of the Northern 
Lights CO
2 storage facilities, Subsea7 was awarded the 
contract for Phase 2 of the development. Subsea7 also 
continues to participate in the development of
 
offshore 
green hydrogen and offshore energy storage markets. In 
2025 Subsea7 completed four studies related to offshore 
green hydrogen production. 
Metrics and targets
Targets related to climate change mitigation and 
adaptation (ESRS E1-4)
In 2021, Subsea7 announced its target to achieve Net Zero 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2050 and a nearer-term 
target to reduce Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 50% 
by 2035 compared to an adjusted 2018 base year baseline. 
Subsea7’s targets are not science-based, and at present, 
oil and gas companies (including service companies 
generating over 40% of revenue from oil and gas activities) 
are not accepted as part of the Science Based Targets 
initiative (SBTi). Subsea7 continues to monitor this position 
and any developments. Subsea7, therefore, set its targets 
in 2021 in support of the goals at the time of the International 
Maritime Organisation (the United Nations specialised 
agency with responsibility for the safety and security of 
maritime and the prevention of marine and atmospheric 
pollution by ships), to be generally in line with peer 
best practice at the time within the specialist marine 
contracting sector, and in support of the targets set by 
Subsea7’s key clients. 
The targets cover the entire Group using a financial 
reporting and control approach. The operational scope 
includes all significant Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, 
primarily from consumption of marine fuels on owned 
vessels and those leased for over 12 months. Scope 2 
GHG emissions primarily include indirect emissions from 
energy purchasing, mainly electricity, consumed by 
onshore facilities. 
Subsea7’s roadmap to reach the targets for Scope 1 GHG 
emissions is based on three core areas:
•
 Use of alternative fuels and energy systems: 
The 
decarbonisation pathway relies on increased use of fuels 
and energy sources with lower lifecycle GHG emissions 
across the fleet, such as biofuels and synthetic fuels. 
Some vessels will require no changes to use these fuels, 
while others need adjustments depending on the type 
and blend of fuel. Compatibility of these fuels with 
existing systems is being assessed by management, 
and discussions on technical and commercial impacts 
are ongoing with stakeholders. 
•
 Hybridisation and shore power:
 Subsea7 continues to 
look into viable opportunities for hybridisation and shore 
power initiatives.
•
 Operational efficiency improvement:
 Measures have 
been implemented to enhance fleet operating efficiency, 
including improved energy management, optimised fleet 
utilisation, and effective project planning and execution. 
Digital tools are crucial in these improvements, aiding 
decision-making and performance visualisation.
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202592
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 95]
Energy consumption and mix (ESRS E1-5)
Table 2-8 shows the total energy consumption related to Subsea7’s operation. It is based on Subsea7’s material annual 
energy conversion and mix.
Table 2-8 – Total energy consumption related to own operations
Energy consumption and mix for the year Unit 2025 Value 2024 Value
Fuel consumption from coal and coal products MWh 0 0
Fuel consumption from crude oil and petroleum products MWh 2,625,593 (1) 2,706,834(1)
Fuel consumption from natural gas MWh 14,077(2) 14,185(2)
Fuel consumption from other fossil sources MWh 0 0
Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, steam, and 
cooling from fossil sources
MWh 1,361 6,421
Total consumption from fossil energy MWh 2,641,031 2,727,440
Subsea7’s initiatives to utilise market-based contractual 
instruments and voluntary carbon credits are described in 
Gross Scope 1, 2, 3 and total GHG emissions (ESRS E1-6) 
Table 2-10 and GHG removals and GHG mitigation projects 
financed through carbon credits (ESRS E1-7) Table 2-12. 
While management is implementing changes and solutions 
available today, several factors could impact Subsea7’s 
ability to meet emissions targets. These factors could 
cause the Group’s plans to differ materially from current 
expectations and include, but are not limited to, the global 
availability of lower-emission fuels, energy and technology 
at a commercial scale. 
Subsea7 aims to support the continued growth of 
renewable power by translating its renewable capabilities 
into benefits for its clients within the offshore fixed wind 
industry. Subsea7 has set a target of supporting 18 GW of 
cumulative power capacity installed by the end of 2025 and 
35 GW by the end of 2030 through the construction of 
offshore wind farms. 
Scope 3 GHG emissions are not included in Subsea7’s 
decarbonisation targets due to the complexity in calculating 
the Scope 3 GHG emissions inventory for all categories in a 
complete, accurate and traceable manner, and because the 
measures required to decarbonise Scope 3 GHG emissions 
are outside Subsea7’s direct control. However, a key part 
of Subsea7’s lower-carbon field development strategy is 
to actively collaborate with its clients, suppliers, and other 
stakeholders in the value chain to better understand and 
develop common Scope 3 GHG emissions ambition and to 
work together to decarbonise the energy value chain. 
Table 2-7 – Emissions reduction targets
Emission reduction 
targets by type Categories Value
Total Scope 1 
and 2 GHG 
emissions
Percentage  
(as of emissions 
of base year)
Net Zero Scope 1 and 
2
(1) GHG emissions  
by 2050. 
50% reduction of Scope 
1 and 2 GHG emissions 
by 2035 compared to 
an adjusted 2018 base 
year baseline.
1. Scope 2 (market-based) GHG emissions
Base year and baseline 
The Scope 1 and 2 target that has been set is a percentage 
reduction in the GHG emissions inventory compared to an 
adjusted base year inventory. It is calculated by comparing 
the absolute GHG emissions inventory for the reported year 
with the adjusted absolute GHG emissions inventory for the 
base year. The adjusted absolute GHG emissions inventory 
for the base year forms the baseline against which the 
reported year emissions inventory is compared. 
In order to meaningfully compare the Scope 1 GHG emissions 
inventory in the reported year with the 2018 base year 
inventory, any transactions, such as mergers or acquisitions, 
that occurred between the base year and the reporting year 
must be examined to determine if an adjustment to the base 
year inventory is required. The adjusted absolute GHG 
emissions inventory for the base year would then form the 
baseline against which the reported year GHG emissions 
inventory is compared. The base year’s absolute GHG 
emissions inventory will be adjusted in accordance with 
Subsea7’s GHG emissions adjustment (rebaselining) policy, 
which is documented in the Group’s Corporate GHG 
Emissions Accounting and Reporting Policy. 
In line with peers and the Science Based Targets initiative 
(SBTi), Subsea7 has set a threshold for GHG emissions 
baseline adjustment if the impact of the net sum of potential 
adjustments resulting from all individual events/transactions 
is greater than or equal to 5% of the baseline. In the event 
that the threshold is triggered, the sum of the appropriate 
adjustments must be applied to the base year inventory to 
form the new baseline for the reporting year, recalculated 
and restated. Any changes are made at the end of each 
reporting year, and the Group restates its baseline when 
it reports its latest GHG emissions. This threshold will be 
reviewed periodically and may be modified in the future. 
The net sum of potential adjustments resulting from all 
individual transactions between the base year and 2025 
has been evaluated, and the baseline for 2025 is reported 
in Table 2-10. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 93
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 96]
Table 2-8 – Total energy consumption related to own operations continued
Energy consumption and mix for the year Unit 2025 Value 2024 Value
Share of fossil sources in total energy consumption % 98.8 99
Total consumption from nuclear sources MWh 0 0
Share of consumption from nuclear sources in total energy consumption % n/a n/a
Fuel consumption from renewable sources, including applicable biomass, 
industrial and municipal waste of biologic origin, biogas, renewable 
hydrogen, etc.
MWh 0 2,791
Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, steam, and 
cooling from renewable sources 
MWh 30,794 19,670
Consumption of self-generated non-fuel renewable energy MWh 110
(1) 110(1)
Total consumption from renewable energy MWh 30,903 22,571
Share of renewable sources in total energy consumption % 1.2 <1
Total energy consumption MWh 2,671,935 2,750,010
1. Fuel used for self-generation of electricity and heat for use in offices and other onshore work sites and fuel oil used for powering the fleet of vessels. 
2.
 Natural gas used for onshore heating of offices and other onshore work sites.
Energy intensity based on net revenue
Table 2-9 presents the energy intensity based on net revenue.
Table 2-9 – Energy intensity per net revenue
Energy intensity per net revenue for the year Unit 2025 Value 2024 Value
Total energy consumption from activities in high-climate-impact sector(1) MWh 2,671,935
as Table 2-8
2,750,010
as Table 2-8
Net revenue from activities in high-climate-impact sectors used to 
calculate energy intensity 
$ millions 7,086 6,837
Total energy consumption from activities in high-impact sectors per net 
revenue from activities in high-climate-impact sectors
MWh/$ millions 377 402
3. Subsea7 assumes that all of its activities fall under the high-climate impact sectors .
Gross Scope 1, 2, 3 and total GHG emissions (ESRS E1-6)
Subsea7’s total GHG emissions inventories under Scopes 1, 2 and available category in Scope 3 are presented in Table 2-10. 
The Scope and category boundaries are in accordance with the definitions of the World Resources Institute GHG Protocol 
and its supporting guidelines. 
Subsea7’s approach to GHG emissions accounting and reporting is documented in Subsea7’s Corporate GHG Emissions 
Accounting and Reporting Policy. The policy governs the following related to Table 2-10: 
•
 Subsea7’s GHG emissions accounting, reporting methodology, adjustment policy, and models as well as referenced 
standards, factors and Global Warming Potentials (or GWPs) 
•
 An evaluation of which GHG emissions Scopes are material for Subsea7 
•
 An evaluation of the quality of input information currently available to estimate each of the emissions Scopes (qu
antity data 
and conversion factors) 
•
 Based on the above, consideration of the completeness, accuracy and traceability of each Scope, and its suitability to
 
be disclosed. 
Table 2-10 shows the total GHG emissions disaggregated by Scopes 1 and 2 and available Scope 3. 
In 2025, Subsea7 procured 100% renewable electricity through the purchase of market-based contractual instruments 
such as Energy Attribute Certificates (EACs) and green tariffs supported by renewable energy certificates (RECs) 
including Guarantees of Origin. This approach follows the GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance
 
and is informed by other 
relevant standards. For a small portion of Subsea7’s market-based Scope 2 emissions associated with purchased heat, 
steam and cooling, standardised market-based instruments are not currently available. These residual emissions are 
reported in both the location- and market-based scope 2 inventory in Table 2-10. As a step to account for these remaining 
emissions, Subsea7 has purchased and cancelled voluntary carbon credits to compensate for these residual emissions. 
Information is only available to support disclosure of Scope 3 Category 6 for business air travel. Information is not available 
to support disclosure of any of the other upstream or downstream Scope 3 categories defined by the GHG Protocol Value 
Chain (Scope 3) Standard. 
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202594
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 97]
Table 2-10 – Total GHG emissions disaggregated by Scopes 1 and 2 and available Scope 3
Retrospective Current year Milestones and target years
Base year (2018) 2024 2025 2030 2035 2050
Annual % target/ 
base year
Scope 1 GHG emissions (1)(9)
Gross Scope 1 GHG emissions 
(tCO2-e) 643,000(2) 748,000 725,000 No target 
set
50% 
reduction(3)
Net 
Zero
No target 
set
Percentage of Scope 1 GHG 
emissions from regulated 
emission trading schemes 
(ETS) (%)
(4)
No activities 
within ETS 
boundaries in 
base year
0.8 1.6 – – – –
Scope 2 GHG emissions (tCO2-e) (5)(9)
Gross location-based Scope 2 
GHG emissions 
Not included in 
the base year 4,440 5,380
(6) – – – –
Gross market-based Scope 2 
GHG emissions 6,950 1,480 208
(7) No target 
set
50% 
reduction(3)
Net 
Zero
–
Scope 3 GHG emissions (tCO2-e) (8)(9)
Total gross indirect (Scope 3) 22,700 56,000 55,400 No target set for Scope 3. 
For more details, see page 92.Category 6. Business travel 22,700 56,000 55,400
Total GHG Emissions (tCO2-e)(9)
Total GHG emissions  
(location-based) Not calculated 809,000 786,000 – – – –
Total GHG emissions  
(market-based) 673,000 806,000 780,500 – – – –
1. The Scope 1 inventory covers material direct GHG emissions from the activity of Subsea7’s owned assets, and leased assets und er Subsea7’s 
financial control for a period of 12 months or more. These assets include Subsea7’s vessels and onshore facilities. The reported GHG emissions are 
from combustion of fuels only. It is to be noted that Subsea7 included Scope 1 GHG emissions from onshore fuel consumption in this Scope 1 GHG 
emissions inventory disclosure from 2024 only. The contributions to the 2025 Scope 1 GHG emissions inventory are as follows: 
 • GHG emissions inventory from Scope 1 fleet of vessels: 714,611 tCO 2-e. This is actual estimated figures. The figure reported in Table 2-10 is 
rounded to three significant figures per footnote 9.
 • GHG emissions inventory from onshore fuel consumption: 10,389 tCO 2-e. This is actual estimated figures. The figure reported in Table 2-10 is 
rounded to three significant figures per footnote 9.
2.
 The 2018 base year Scope 1 GHG inventory has been adjusted in accordance with Subsea7’s adjustment policy and threshold to prod
uce the 
baseline for 2025. The adjustment is based on comparison of the size and composition of the base year fleet versus the reporting year fleet 
and consideration of the threshold for re-baselining. 
3.
 50% reduction in net annual absolute GHG emissions compared to the adjusted absolute baseline GHG emissions inventory. 
4.
 The GHG emissions inventory stated to be within the scope of the EU Emissions Tra
ding System (ETS) for 2025 includes only the relevant GHG 
emissions from the Subsea7 assets that are within the boundaries of the scheme in 2025, and that are subject to surrender of allowances. This 
inventory is calculated based on the consideration of vessel journeys, the phase-in mechanism and inclusion of CO
2 only within that scheme for those 
assets in 2025. 
5.
 The Scope 2 GHG emissions inventory includes indirect
 
emissions from energy purchased and consumed by Subsea7 calculated using both 
location-based and market-based methods. Location-based emissions are derived from average emission factors for the electricity grids supplying 
the Group’s offices, fabrication yards, spoolbases and vessels while using shore power, as well as energy consumed for heating, steam and cooling. 
Purchased electricity for use by the fleet as shore power while docked has been included for the first time in 2025. 
6.
 Location-based GHG emissions comprise 5,380 tCO2-e from purchased electricity and 208 tCO2-e from heating, steam and cooling. The figure 
reported in Table 2-10 is rounded to three significant figures per footnote 9.
7.
 Market-based emissions include purchased electricity through contractual instruments such as bundled and unbundled Energy Attri
bute Certificates 
(EACs) and green tariffs, supported by renewable energy certificates (RECs) including Guarantees of Origin. In 2025, 100% of Subsea7’s purchased 
electricity consumption was covered by such instruments. The coverage provided relates to 2025 energy consumption however the contractual 
agreement takes place in early 2026, as full-year data is needed to determine the required volume. For the market-based emissions from other 
indirect purchased energy from heating, steam and cooling, the national average emission factor is applied. 
8.
 The reported Scope 3 GHG emissions only covers Category 6 for business air tra
vel. 
9.
 Our reporting on GHG emissions is based on tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalen
t (tCO2-e), a standard unit used to compare and account for 
emissions from various GHGs based on their global warming potential. The emissions conversion factors to calculate tCO2-e are described in 
Subsea7’s Corporate GHG emissions accounting and reporting policy. The process for estimating GHG emissions inventories uses the appropriate 
level of decimal places. The total annual absolute inventories for each Scope and category are then rounded to three significant figures for disclosure. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 95
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 98]
GHG intensity based on net revenue
Subsea7’s GHG emissions intensity per unit of net revenue is presented in Table 2-11. 
Table 2-11 – GHG intensity based on net revenue
GHG intensity based on net revenue for the year Unit 2025 2024
Total GHG emissions (location-based) tCO2-e 786,000 (1) 809,000 (1)
Total GHG emissions (market-based) tCO2-e 781,000 (2) 806,000 (2)
Net revenue used to calculate GHG intensity $ millions 7,086 6,837
Total GHG emissions (location-based) per net revenue tCO 2-e /$ millions 111 118
Total GHG emissions (market-based) per net revenue tCO 2-e /$ millions 110 118
1. Total GHG emissions (location-based) includes Scope 1, Scope 2 (location-base d) and Scope 3 GHG emissions associated with business air travel 
only (Category 6 Scope 3);
2.
 Total GHG emissions (market-based) includes Scope 1, Scope 2 (market-based)
 and Scope 3 GHG emissions associated with business air travel only 
(Category 6 Scope 3). 
GHG removals and GHG mitigation projects financed through carbon credits (ESRS E1-7)
In 2025, Subsea7 purchased voluntary carbon credits to address its residual market-based Scope 2 emissions, as reported 
in Table 2-10. A total of 1,100 voluntary carbon credits were acquired and cancelled during the reporting year. This volume 
is in excess of Subsea7’s final calculated residual emissions of 208 tCO
2-e under the Scope 2 market-based approach. 
The credits were sourced from a blended portfolio of reduction and removal-type projects, which Subsea7 has accessed 
through the voluntary carbon market, and which meet recognised third-party verification standards. All credits purchased, 
including the surplus, were cancelled within the same reporting year. 
Table 2-12 – Carbon credits cancelled in the reporting year
  Unit 2025 Value
Total
Share from reduction projects % 91
Share from removal projects (1) % 9
Share under Gold Standard % 91
Share under Carbon Standards International % 9
Share issued from projects in the EU % 0
Share that qualifies as a corresponding adjustment under Article. 6 of the Paris 
Agreement. % 0
1. The project is categorised as a technological carbon sink due to its longer - term storage achieved through technological process, however, the 
carbon originates from biogenic material. 
Internal carbon pricing (ESRS E1-8) 
Subsea7 has not adopted internal carbon pricing schemes. 
Potential financial effects from material physical and transition risks and potential climate-related 
opportunities (ESRS E1-9)
Subsea7 has taken the option to omit the information prescribed in ESRS disclosure E1-9 for 2025 under the “quick fix” 
Delegated Regulation of 11.7.2025 amending Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2772, explanatory memorandum section 3. 
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 202596
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 99]
SOCIAL DISCLOSURES
ESRS S1 – Own workforce
General Disclosures
Interests and views of stakeholders  
(ESRS 2 SBM-2)
Engaging with its workforce allows Subsea7 to effectively 
align its priorities and strategic direction. This engagement 
is done through surveys, regular performance reviews, 
regular newsletters and communication sessions, such 
as town halls. These engagements are conducted by 
leadership teams as well as by direct line managers. This is 
carried out in addition to consultation with internal experts 
on sustainability-related Impacts Risks and Opportunities 
(or IROs), human resource (HR) teams and platforms 
supporting the workforce’s needs, and providing relevant 
learning and development opportunities. 
In addition, Subsea7 has a confidential external reporting 
line (Safecall), which the workforce can use, if they believe 
the Group’s Code of Conduct has been breached, including 
any human rights violations. More details can be found in 
‘ESRS G1’ section on pages 115 to 121. There are also global 
and local grievance procedures that can be used to raise 
grievances about individual unfair treatment. 
Table 3-1 – IROs in relation to the Group’s own workforce
Boundary in value chain Time horizon
Upstream
Own 
operation Downstream Short Medium Long
Labour practices and human rights I/R/O
Subsea7’s own workforce subject to slavery, human 
trafficking and other types of forced or involuntary 
labour (e.g. debt bondage and withholding of 
passports, unlawful deduction of wages, and 
lack of freedom to accept or decline work)
Potential 
Impact (-)
Penalties, convictions, debarment and damage 
to the Group’s reputation due to human rights 
violations and unacceptable labour practices 
affecting our own workforce
Risk
Health and safety of workers
Subsea7’s own workforce subject to work-related 
illness, injury or harm associated with operations, 
harsh or unfamiliar environments 
Potential 
Impact (-)
Exposure to security breaches, illness, injury or 
harm associated with transit routes and/or the 
location of work 
Potential 
Impact (-)
Financial or operational consequences due to 
work-related illness, injury or harm associated 
with operations, harsh or unfamiliar environments
Risk
Diversity and inclusion
Developing a diverse and inclusive environment 
resulting in better creativity and innovation Opportunity
Recruiting and advancing women and under-
represented groups 
Potential 
Impact (+)
Talent attraction, development 
and retention
Failing to attract/retain talent due to societal 
preferences, particularly in the younger 
demographic, for opportunities in energy transition 
rather than oil and gas
Risk
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 97
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY


[page 100]
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Material impacts, risks, opportunities and their 
interaction with strategy and business model 
(ESRS 2 SBM-3)
Table 3-1 summarises the material impacts, risks and 
opportunities in relation to the Group’s own workforce, 
identified through the double materiality assessment (DMA). 
For more details refer to ‘Materiality assessment’ section 
(ESRS 2 – IRO-1) on page 79. 
Own workforce includes all employees and non-employees 
(the definition of this can be found in the Characteristics of 
non-employee workers in the undertaking’s own workforce 
S1-7’ section on page 108). All policies and processes cover 
this population, unless otherwise stated. Subsea7 describes 
how its material IROs interact with its strategy in section 
‘Sustainability in our strategy, business model and value 
chain’ on page 75. The negative impacts presented in Table 
3-1 cover the Group’s own workforce. The activities and 
actions leading to the positive impact are presented in 
‘Diversity and inclusion’ section on page 104. Subsea7 did 
not identify any material negative impacts for its workforce 
as a result of the transition to a greener economy, however 
there is a risk of failing to attract and retain suitably skilled 
and capable personnel across all business units at a time 
when societal preferences, particularly in the younger 
demographic, are towards opportunities in energy transition 
rather than oil and gas. 
Impacts, risks and opportunities 
management
In this and subsequent sections, the disclosures on 
Subsea7’s own workforce will be presented, split into the 
following four topics: 
•
 Labour practices and human rights 
•
 Health and safety 
•
 Diversity and inclusion 
•
 Talent attraction, development and retention. 
Each topic is discussed independently, ensuring that all 
relevant ESRS requirements are met. While Subsea7 does 
not quantify the resources allocated to manage each 
material impact, the implementation of each policy is the 
responsibility of the functional director, with overall 
accountability to the Executive Management Team. 
Labour practices and human rights
Labour practices and human rights approach 
and policies (ESRS S1-1)
Respecting human rights and managing the human rights 
impacts of operations is how Subsea7 lives its Values and is 
fundamental to how the Group conducts business. Putting 
in place fair and lawful employment practices and providing 
a working environment in which no one is abused or exploited 
by Subsea7, or anyone the Group works with, makes for a 
stronger and more reliable business capable of attracting 
and retaining talented people, and with which clients and 
suppliers want to partner globally. 
Human rights risks and potential impacts in the sector in 
which the Group operates can be significant, due to the 
type of work Subsea7’s workforce and suppliers perform 
and the potential involvement of vulnerable, migrant workers 
from countries with lower human rights protections. 
Subsea7’s objective is to ensure it has identified and 
assessed the risks and taken necessary steps to mitigate 
and guard against them. In accordance with a risk-based 
approach, management has identified child labour, slavery 
and trafficking, and other forms of forced or involuntary 
labour as the most salient human rights risks that could 
have the most egregious impact. These are the labour-
related human rights risks Subsea7 is focused on managing 
as a clear priority. Corruption, safety and security risks, and 
environmental impacts are also recognised as key aspects 
of the Group’s human rights obligations and are addressed 
elsewhere in this report, where required or appropriate. 
The Subsea7 Human Rights Policy Statement recognises 
the Group’s responsibility and commitment to act in a 
socially responsible manner, comply with applicable laws, 
respect human rights and avoid complicity in human rights 
abuses. The Group’s Human Rights Programme is designed 
in accordance with appropriate principles and best practice, 
including the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human 
Rights. In addition, the Group’s Human Rights Programme 
is guided by international human rights principles encompassed 
in the International Bill of Human Rights and the International 
Labour Organization’s (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental 
Principles and Rights of Work. By acting in this way, 
Subsea7 aims to gain and retain the trust of its clients, 
workforce, business partners, suppliers and other stakeholders. 
There is also a commitment to work with suppliers and 
partners whose human rights standards are consistent 
with those of the Group. 
The Group’s Code of Conduct is applicable to all who work 
for and on behalf of Subsea7 globally, including employees 
and non-employees. It sets out the key principles that the 
Group is committed to upholding, and which line management 
is responsible for communicating and implementing. More 
details and guidance on, commitments in relation to human 
rights and labour practices can be found in it.
The Group’s Human Rights Policy Statement and Code 
of Conduct have been adopted by the Group’s Board of 
Directors and are regularly reviewed and updated. 
Subsea7’s Human Rights Programme 
Subsea7’s Human Rights Programme is underpinned by the 
Group’s Human Rights Policy Statement and Code of 
Conduct. The programme is designed to: 
•
 Embed the Human Rights Policy Statement and the 
relevant aspects of the Code of Conduct 
•
 Identify and manage human rights risks across Subsea7’s 
own operations and within its supply chain, with a 
particular emphasis on the risks with the most egregious 
impacts, namely child labour, slavery and trafficking, and 
other forms of forced or involuntary labour 
•
 Give effect to the Group’s commitments under the UN 
Global Compact and the ILO Standards in relation to 
child labour 
•
 Address existing and emerging stakeholder and 
regulatory expectations and requirements, such as the 
UK Modern Slavery Act, the Norwegian Transparency 
Act and applicable EU diligence laws. 
Many of the specific elements of the programme are 
described in relevant sections of the Sustainability 
Statements. The Group’s complete Human Rights 
Programme can be viewed on Subsea7
.com. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 202598
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT


[page 101]
Processes for engaging with own workers and 
workers’ representatives about impacts 
(ESRS S1-2)
Subsea7 conducts an employee survey at a minimum once 
per year, where we ask workforce for their views. The 
survey, which is managed by the Group’s HR function, 
covers questions on engagement, diversity and inclusion, 
health and wellbeing and the Subsea7’s Values. Subsea7 
has the ability through the survey platform to view the 
results against the different demographics of the 
workforce, allowing management to understand strengths 
and future improvements. Line managers get individual 
dashboards with their results, with suggested actions for 
areas of improvement. The responses at the regional, 
onshore (office-based) and offshore (worksites or vessel-
based) level are assessed to ensure the Group’s ambitions 
are focused correctly to improve the workplace. 
There is regular communication with our people. This is 
done in a variety of ways such as weekly global emails, 
town halls, open Q&A directly with the Executive 
Management Team, as well as regional and local office 
village halls and celebration days. 
Subsea7 continued to deploy the Worksite Sponsor 
Programme, (refer to ‘Health and safety’ section 
on page 101 for more details). We provide more information 
to our people via the intranet or the Subsea7 application.
Processes to remediate negative impacts and 
channels for own workers to raise concerns 
(ESRS S1-3)
Subsea7’s Human Rights Programme includes a well-
established Speak Up Policy and confidential channel for 
people to report serious breaches of its Code of Conduct. 
For more details, refer to ‘Whistleblowing channels and 
culture’ section on page 120. In addition, the Group has local 
grievance policies and mechanisms, in line with its Global 
Grievance Procedure and local legislation. These provide 
a fair and effective procedure for resolving individual 
grievances on matters such as working practices, health 
and safety, fair treatment, or terms and conditions of 
employment. The Speak Up Policy, which is summarised 
in the Group’s Code of Conduct, offers various channels for 
raising concerns, including an externally administered and 
monitored confidential reporting line (Safecall), which is 
promoted within Subsea7. This provides ways for our 
people to report confidentially and, where local law allows, 
anonymously. Anyone who becomes aware of a possible 
breach of the Code of Conduct or has concerns in respect 
of unethical conduct, including human rights violations, 
is encouraged to utilise one of these reporting channels. 
Subsea7 takes proactive steps to ensure that its own 
workforce is aware of and reminded about the ways they 
can raise concerns, which include: 
•
 Annual compliance and ethics training, in which we 
include specific scenarios relevant to human rights and 
business ethics, as well as the ways to raise concerns 
•
 Annual Global Integrity Day – at Subsea7 we set aside 
one day per year, where across the Group we stop and 
discuss what integrity means to us and how our people 
are supported in raising concerns 
•
 Ongoing communications and updates through 
newsletters, intranet pages and Integrity Moments. 
All allegations of human rights breaches received via 
Safecall or internal channels are reported to the Group’s 
Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer (CECO), who records 
them in a case management system and oversees their 
investigation by appropriately independent managers, 
in accordance with the Group Compliance and Ethics 
Investigations Principles and Procedure. 
Figure 3-1 – A visual representation of the Group’s Human Rights Programme
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 2025 99
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY


[page 102]
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
If Subsea7 receives reports of concerns regarding slavery 
or human trafficking in its operations or its supply chain, 
we undertake an urgent, thorough investigation into the 
concerns under the supervision of the CECO and, 
potentially, the Ethics Committee. If the investigation 
confirms the concerns, we put in place robust action 
plans to address the issue and protect the victims. 
Subsea7 uses its case management system to track 
Speak Up and other human rights cases and investigation 
metrics, such as the number of reports received, the types 
of misconduct alleged or suspected, and remedial 
measures taken. We use such metrics to assess areas 
for improvement in our programme, and we report them 
to the Ethics Committee and the Corporate Governance, 
Nominations and Risk Committee. Feedback is offered to 
the individual(s) who raised the concern, and any gaps and 
remedial actions identified (e.g. training, communication, 
policy revision or control enhancements) are captured in 
the case management system and implemented at a local 
level, unless they are best addressed at a Group level. 
Refer to section ‘Whistleblowing channels and culture’ 
on page 120 for more detail. 
Actions relating to labour practices and 
human rights (S1-4)
Subsea7 is a signatory to the UN Global Compact and is 
aligned with its commitment to respect and protect human 
rights (Principles 1 and 2) and to fair and lawful employment 
practices across the Group and throughout its supply chain 
(Principles 3, 4, 5 and 6). The Group also supports the ILOs 
Standards regarding child labour and minimum working age. 
Subsea7 has established ambitions to enhance its 
management of this material topic, namely: 
•
 Ensuring broad understanding of Subsea7’s expectations 
and commitments to the principles of the UN Global Compact
 
•
 Applying the principles of the UN Global Compact 
within Subsea7 and actively monitoring compliance 
•
 Working with the Group’s suppliers and partners to 
ensure that the principles of the UN
 
Global Compact 
are applied across the value chain. 
The Board of Directors and the Ethics Committee play 
a critical role in overseeing the Group’s approach to 
human rights and ensuring processes are consistent with 
international regulatory expectations and standards. Since 
2023, a Board member with expertise on labour practices 
and human rights has been nominated, strengthening the 
Board’s oversight. 
The Group’s assessment of human rights risks within its 
own operations is conducted for every country in which the 
Group operates, and on entry into a new, high-risk country. 
The risk assessment enables management to identify where 
the Group may face risks; and where there may be gaps in 
the Group’s own policies and procedures. 
The Group has published its Global Human Rights 
Procedure, which underpins the Group’s Human Rights 
Policy Statement. The procedure provides guidance on how 
to address any policy and procedure gaps identified via the 
Group’s risk assessment process, and thus better manage 
the most egregious, potential human rights impacts. It 
also provides guidance on how the Human Rights Policy 
Statement is implemented across the Group’s operations 
and its supply chain, the role of the various associated 
procedures, and where they can be found. 
In 2025 the Group’s Human Rights Programme has 
continued to mature to be able to effectively support 
the delivery of the Group’s business objectives. For more 
details on how the programme applies to Value Chain 
Workers (or VCWs), refer to section ‘Policies related to 
value chain workers’ on page 109. 
Subsea7 continues to provide training and raise awareness 
among the key leadership and functional roles that need 
to be able to help identify and manage human rights risks. 
During the year ended 31 December 2025, 411 employees 
in at-risk roles participated in formal human rights training. 
This included completing the updated e-learning module 
released in September 2025, as well as, for some regional 
supply chain and human resources teams, attending 
face-to-face training sessions. These trainings ranged 
from a dedicated one-hour session led by the Group 
Human Rights Manager to shorter refresher briefings 
during monthly regional meetings. Subsea7 continues to 
raise awareness about its Speak Up Policy and channels 
to raise concerns, in order to encourage people to speak 
up, and has also refreshed and increased visibility of 
mechanisms for people to raise grievances via local 
and global HR processes. 
Our network of human rights champions is growing, and 
they have become focal points for project tenders, requests 
for information and supporting local actions in our offices. 
A monthly call is conducted with the network, where the 
champions share good practice across the regions, and any 
updates to the Human Rights Programme are discussed. 
Subsea7 continued engagement with Building Responsibly, 
an industry workgroup for construction and engineering 
firms and the energy sector, focused on human rights, 
worker welfare and labour practices. In 2025, Building 
Responsibly remained focused on fair recruitment practices 
and established a new workstream examining the human 
rights risks further down the complex supply chain for major 
construction projects. 
The Group’s Human Rights Programme will continue to be 
embedded across both our operations and our supply chain 
to ensure we manage the identified human rights risks. 
Further information on specific actions taken and progress 
made in 2025 related to managing human rights matters 
across the supply chain are described in section ‘Taking 
action on material impacts on value chain workers, and 
approaches to mitigating material risks and pursuing 
material opportunities related to value chain workers, and 
effectiveness of those actions (ESRS S2-4) on page 112. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025100
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT


[page 103]
Training to identify and manage human 
rights risks
Subsea7 conducts human rights training for a selection of 
its workforce to ensure that they understand and uphold 
the Group’s commitment to labour practices and human 
rights. The selection of personnel for this training is based 
on their position within the Group and their role in the 
Human Rights Programme, which involves identifying 
and managing human rights risks. This includes: 
•
 Regional leadership teams (Senior Vice Presidents, 
Vice Presidents and Directors) regardless of their function
 
•
 Relevant HR managers and HR personnel, including the 
recruitment function 
•
 Supply Chain Management (SCM) managers and screening
 
personnel involved in setting up and managing new suppliers 
•
 Legal and compliance personnel 
•
 Country management teams 
•
 Any other corporate or functional personnel nominated 
by management, for example security personnel. 
The CECO oversees human rights training and ensures it is 
reviewed and refreshed annually. In 2025 a new e-learning 
module was created and rolled out to over 400 employees 
selected in accordance with the above criteria. The training 
used material from international best practice in 
combination with interviews and advice from a range of 
human rights champions across the business. 
Metrics and targets
Due to the sensitive nature of workforce data, no 
estimations have been used in the following disclosures. 
Where data is currently unavailable it has been noted next 
to the relevant disclosure point, identifying which part of the 
Group is excluded. This may include individual subsidiaries 
or the dataset as a whole.
Targets related to managing material impacts, 
advancing positive impacts, as well as to risks 
and opportunities (ESRS S1-5)
Metrics and targets (labour practices and 
human rights)
Percentage of target audience completing human rights 
training: 100%
Adequate wages (S1-10)
Subsea7 is committed to fair employment practices across 
the Group and throughout our supply chain. These include, 
as a minimum, complying with national legal requirements 
regarding wages and working hours.
Compensation indicators (pay gap and total 
compensation) (S1-16)
This data is not calculated at Group level.
Incidents, complaints and severe human rights 
impacts (S1-17)
The Group tracks cases of potential human rights violations, 
whether raised via our confidential reporting line (Safecall) 
or reported to, or detected by, local management. All such 
cases are investigated in accordance with the Group 
Compliance and Ethics Investigations Procedure and, if 
allegations or suspicions are substantiated, appropriate 
sanctions and other remedial steps are applied or taken. 
Graph 3-1 Incidents, complaints and severe human rights 
registered and investigated during the year ended 
31 December 2025.
1. The total number of cases increased from 22 in 2024 to 31, partly  
because in 2025, for the first time, we captured cases raised via the new 
grievance tracker (which excludes Xodus, 4Subsea and Sonamet) and 
Sonamet’s Safecall reporting line. We actively encourage people to 
speak up, including via the annual Compliance and Ethics e-Learning 
and the Global Integrity Day. Speaking up was also promoted in the 7Ally 
training, which could also have contributed to the increase in the number 
of cases. We expect to see the number going up year on year.
2.
 Of the 14 cases that were substantiated, the sanctions and remedial 
steps that were applied included: three dismissals, three written 
warnings and four oral warnings. There were no fines, penalties or 
compensation for damages relating to these cases. The human rights 
case was substantiated in early 2026. It is included for completeness 
but does not constitute a severe human rights impact case. 
3.
 As far as we are aware, no complaints were filed to National Contact 
Points for OECD Multinational Enterprises. 
Health and safety
Health and Safety approach and policies (S1-1)
Subsea7’s workplaces are potentially hazardous, particularly 
when working offshore in harsh and remote environments. 
The Group’s overall objective is to provide a safe and healthy 
workplace for all, worldwide. The safety of our workforce is 
at the heart of what we do. We are committed to an incident- 
and injury-free workplace every day, everywhere and our 
policies are reviewed to seek to improve safety performance. 
People working on Subsea7’s sites anywhere in the world are 
provided with the same level of protection.
5
10
15
20
2024 2025
4
21
4 4 4
11
19
2
Human
Rights
Discrimination
Number of cases
Sexual
Harassement
Other 
bullying and 
harassment
Equal 
opportunities 
and diversity
0
2
2
4
6
8
2024 2025
2 2 22
1 12
8
Number of cases
0
Human
Rights
Discrimination Sexual
Harassement
Other 
bullying and 
harassment
Equal 
opportunities 
and diversity
Graph 3-2– Incidents, complaints and severe human rights 
impacts during the year ended 31 December 2025.
Substantiated cases 
Total cases
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 101
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY


[page 104]
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
The UN Global Compact recognises the importance of 
health, safety, and wellbeing through a number of its 
Sustainable Development Goals. Subsea7 supports these 
goals and ensures we create, maintain, and promote a safe, 
secure, and healthy work environment. 
Subsea7 has established a policy for Health, Safety, Security, 
Environment and Quality (HSSEQ) setting the standards for 
how Subsea7 commits to achieving an incident-free 
workplace, delivering projects and services on time, within 
budget, and to the required standards to create sustainable 
value for shareholders, partners and the communities where 
the Group operates. This policy applies to all of Subsea7 and 
is overseen by the Executive Management Team, which is led 
by the Group’s Chief Executive Officer. 
There is a robust Business Management System (BMS) 
in place that supports fostering a culture that promotes 
health and safety. 
Subsea7’s BMS underpins the way health and safety is 
managed. The Group’s line managers are responsible for 
implementation and compliance with the system and ensuring 
that all employees and non-employees are aware of their 
responsibilities. The Group utilises Synergi (a platform 
licensed by DNV-GL) as its incident management system. 
Synergi is an integral part of Subsea7’s tools which provides 
extensive functionality to record, capture trends, and use 
observations to learn from events across the Group. All 
incidents and near misses are recorded in detail and level 
of investigation is dependent in the actual or potential 
seriousness of the event. The Health, Safety and 
Environmental (HSE) Incident & Near Miss Case Management 
Procedure in the Group’s BMS details the full-life cycle 
process for case management of HSE incidents and near 
misses in Subsea7. The document provides guidance on the 
classification and recording of all incidents and near misses 
and applies globally to all Subsea7 controlled vessels, sites, 
and offices within its operational boundary. 
Subsea7 measures activities against its internal standards 
and processes as well as regulatory and legislative 
requirements. Subsea7 applies the philosophy and concepts 
of Human and Organisational Performance (HOP), which 
facilitates how we learn, not only from HSE incidents and 
near misses, but also from normal work we do at Subsea7. 
Subsea7 has continued to introduce tools based on our 
HOP philosophy. The Uncomfortable Gauge is a visual 
tool that helps teams recognise and discuss feelings of 
uncertainty or concern about task’s safety or success. 
It encourages open conversations to identify additional 
controls, pause work if conditions change, and is intended 
as good practice rather than a formal or recorded process. 
Additionally, Subsea7 has updated our HSSEQ Card to 
include both our Observations and Intervention cards and 
our ‘Useful Questions’ that help teams reflect and improve 
safety practices. In collaboration with Google, the Group 
is in the process of implementing artificial intelligence (AI) 
functionality to analyse data from these cards so we can 
learn from normal work and continuously enhance performance. 
Processes for engaging with own workers 
and workers’ representatives about impacts 
(ESRS S1-2)
Please refer to section ‘Processes for engaging with own 
workers and workers’ representatives about impacts (ESRS 
S1-2)’ on page 99. 
Actions related to health and safety (S1-4)
Subsea7 continued to deploy the Worksite Sponsor 
Programme across its vessels and onshore work sites. This 
involves a two-way communication between operations and 
senior management, to enable a focused level of support 
and discussion around safety-related performance, 
incidents and potential issues. 
There has been an increased level of assessment within our 
supply chain to support improved performance. This 
included close collaboration with multiple suppliers via 
several safety meetings to better understand the common 
challenges our suppliers are facing. By engaging with 
suppliers, Subsea7 was able to identify potential areas of 
improvement to support the overall quality of delivery to 
better achieve predictable performance. 
Supported by teams across the Group, focus remained on 
upholding our ‘work safe, home safe’ commitment. This 
long-standing commitment captures our responsibility to 
everyone working on, or connected with, a Subsea7 site where, 
as a priority, a safe environment for those involved or affected 
by our activities is ensured, where everyone participates and is 
empowered to stop the job if they feel it is unsafe. 
Subsea7 continues to hold the Leading Safety Programme 
sessions, based on the feedback from Offshore Management 
Teams (OMT), which confirmed that the skills being learnt 
in it were having a favourable impact on the application in 
addition to use of our safety tools such as toolbox talks 
and pre-task briefings. This encouraged the Group to 
maintain and deliver our safety leadership training to 
relevant employees in order to underpin our safety culture 
and performance. The
 
training focused on developing and 
inspiring leaders to encourage a positive safety
 
environment 
where HOP principles develop. 
Targets related to managing material impacts, 
advancing positive impacts, as well as to risks 
and opportunities (ESRS S1-5)
Metrics and targets (HSE)
• Lost time injury (LTI) frequency target: <0.03 per 
200,000 working hours 
•
 Total recordable cases (TRC) frequency target: <0.18 per 
200,000 working hours 
•
 Serious injury potential frequency: <0.10 per 200,000 
working hours 
•
 Serious injury actual frequency: 0 per 200,000 working hours
 
•
 Observation frequency: 500 per 200,000 working hours 
•
 Intervention frequency: 100 per 200,000 working hours 
Health and safety targets are set by Senior Management at 
the start of each year, following a full review of the previous 
year’s health and safety performance. Health and safety 
targets are tracked through Synergi, the Group’s incident 
management platform, and discussed at the monthly 
General Management Team meetings. 
Analysis is performed on the metrics and targets in order 
to identify any trending, which then shapes future HSE 
improvement initiatives. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025102
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT


[page 105]
Diversity and inclusion
Diversity and inclusion approach and policies 
(S1-1)
The Group’s workforce includes more than 100 nationalities, 
and individual differences are viewed as a strength. 
Embracing diversity in the workplace helps maintain access 
to, and supports, a diverse pipeline of talent. At Subsea7, it 
is recognised that an inclusive and diverse environment not 
only fosters creativity and innovation but also improves 
decision-making through new ways of thinking. 
As the energy industry continues to evolve, Subsea7 needs 
to build new skills and develop global perspectives to make 
the energy transition possible. Creating, maintaining and 
promoting an inclusive work environment where 
differences are embraced, and everyone is treated 
equitably is important for our workforce to thrive and 
be motivated to support the sustainable delivery of the 
offshore energy transition solutions the world needs.
Health and safety (S1-14)
Table 3-2 – Health and safety metrics(1)
Metric 2025 2024
Percentage of people in the Group’s own workforce who are covered by health and safety 
management system based on legal requirements and (or) recognised standards or guidelines 100% 100%
Number of fatalities in own workforce as result of work-related injuries and work-related ill health 0 0
Number of fatalities as result of work-related injuries and work-related ill health of other workers 
working on Subsea7’s sites
(3) n/a n/a
Number of recordable work-related accidents for own workforce 37 43
Rate of recordable work-related accidents for own workforce (rate per 1 million hours worked)(2) 1.15 1.34
Number of cases of recordable work-related ill health of employees 6 9
Number of days lost to work-related injuries and fatalities from work-related accidents, work-related 
ill health and fatalities from ill health related to employees
(5) 688 378
Number of cases of recordable work-related ill health of non-employees(3) n/a n/a
Number of days lost to work-related injuries and fatalities from work-related accidents, work-related 
ill health and fatalities from ill health related to non-employees
(3) n/a n/a
Percentage of own workforce who are covered by health and safety management system based 
on legal requirements and (or) recognised standards or guidelines and which has been internally 
audited and (or) audited or certified by an external party
(4)
100% 100%
Number of fatalities in own workforce as result of work-related injuries 0 0
Number of fatalities in own workforce as result of work-related ill health 0 0
Number of fatalities as a result of work-related injuries of other workers working on Subsea7’s sites 0 0
Number of fatalities as a result of work-related ill health of other workers working on Subsea7’s sites 0 0
Number of cases of recordable work-related ill health detected among former own workforce 100% 100%
1. Excludes data associated with the following subsidiaries Xodus, 4Subsea, Sonamet  and Heavy Transportation Vessels business of Seaway7.  
Data is excluded due to differences in IT systems and in the categorisation of reported data points. 
2.
 Subsea7 records total hours worked for all personnel on site. The total hours w
orked includes own workforce and subcontractors. 
3.
 Subsea7 does not distinguish between employees and non-employees when compiling health and safety metrics. 
4.
 Subsea7 is ISO 45001 compliant and is certified by DNV.
5.
 In 2025, although the total number of recordable work-related accidents decreased, the number of lost days increased. The Group
 launched a 
campaign aimed at reducing the occurrence of potential serious injuries, in addition to a specific Hand and Finger injury campaign. The work to 
prevent serious injuries included conducting analyses of all near misses and incidents over the last 3 years to understand in more details our 
company specific risks, as well as reviewing industry best safety practices. The result of this work concluded in strengthening the risk management 
process, improving consistency in the investigation process and decluttering of safety messaging.
Following the launch of the Subsea7 Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) 
Framework in 2022, we continue to focus on our four pillars: 
•
 Inclusive culture 
•
 Gender balance 
•
 Nationality balance 
•
 Recruitment pipeline. 
Subsea7 recognises that D&I ambitions can be achieved 
by establishing a clear agenda that is implemented and 
enforced by systematic management actions. The Executive
 
Management Team and the Corporate Human Resources 
Team are responsible for developing the overarching Group 
ambitions and global approaches. This is done collaboratively 
with input from our senior leaders in each of our regions. 
Each region then sets out its plans to meet the ambitions 
within its business. 
Subsea7’s commitment to equal opportunities and diversity 
involves promoting equality of opportunity and addressing 
unfair discrimination in every aspect of its operations – in 
governance, management systems, operational activities 
and within the workforce. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 103
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY


[page 106]
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
our offshore crews, has resulted in offshore permanent 
female hires increasing from 8% in 2023, to 12% in 2024, 
and now up to 20% in 2025. 
Also, in 2025, Subsea7 launched Reverse Mentoring 
Programme for senior leaders. This programme exposed 
our leaders to new perspectives and experiences of 
employees from diverse backgrounds, all in a safe space 
for learning and curiosity. 
There has been a continued focus on increasing women 
in leadership positions with targeted development of our 
top female talent both onshore and offshore by ensuring 
robust representation on all our development and conversion 
programmes. Our efforts continue in gender-balanced early 
careers positions in both graduates and cadets. Our 2025 
graduate class included 172 people, representing 20 
different countries, with 40% being female. 
In 2025, we completed our onshore Talent Review process 
in SuccessFactors (Human Resources IT system), allowing 
greater data integrity and tracking moving forward. 
We continue to encourage the internal advertising of 
senior positions, giving all our people equal opportunity 
to communicate their ambitions and capabilities. 
Throughout 2025, we continued to build diversity and 
inclusion awareness through our Festival of Learning, 
events and worldwide celebrations, including International 
Women’s Day, World Day for Cultural Diversity and 
International Day of the Seafarer. 
We continued our diversity and inclusion focused 
partnership with external parties: 
•
 POWERful Women, a professional initiative to create a 
gender-balanced, diverse and inclusive UK energy sector 
•
 WISTA International, a networking organisation 
whose mission is to attract and support women, at 
the management level, in the maritime, trading and 
logistics sectors 
•
 UK Armed Forces Covenant, which supports service 
leavers’ transition from military life to civilian employment 
in a way that recognises their compatible and 
transferable skills to Subsea7. 
Targets related to managing material impacts, 
advancing positive impacts, as well as to risks 
and opportunities (ESRS S1-5)
Metrics and targets (D&I)
The Board’s objective is to have at least 33% female 
representation on the Board.
Subsea7’s objective is for onshore leadership, as defined 
by the Group’s job architecture structure, to be 25% female 
by 2030. 
Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees 
(ESRS S1-6)
Subsea7’s reporting is based on headcount as at 
31 December 2025; it is based on the actual number 
of employees and non-employees and is not adjusted to 
a full-time equivalent basis, two part-time roles are reported 
as two individuals. Reference note 6 of financial statements 
(Net operating income – employee benefits). 
Headcount dropped in 2025 from 15,072 to 13,821. This 
was mostly driven by a reduction in Angola and in Singapore 
based on the change in projects portfolio. Fluctuations were 
seen across other countries in line with operational demands.
To support this, we have established an Equal Opportunities 
& Diversity Policy where accountability of its implementation 
lies with the Group’s Executive Vice President of Human 
Resources (EVP HR). 
This policy aims to promote: 
•
 Inclusion, equality of opportunity and fairness of 
treatment for all 
•
 A workplace where people are treated with dignity 
and respect 
•
 Active opposition to all forms of prejudice, discrimination 
and harassment. 
Valuing and promoting diversity is one of the core principles 
of Subsea7’s Equal Opportunities and Diversity Policy, 
which applies to all in the workforce. 
This principle is supported by the Subsea7’s Global Bullying 
and Harassment Policy, which outlines indicative behaviour 
that would constitute harassment or bullying and remedies 
to address such behaviour. This policy applies globally with 
accountability for this policy being with the Group’s EVP HR. 
The Group has established a Board Diversity Policy, the 
purpose of which is to ensure that the Board of Directors 
of Subsea7 has an inclusive and diverse membership and, 
as a whole, the Board has the skills, expertise and 
experience to guide the business and strategy of the 
Group for the benefit of its shareholders, having regard 
to the interests of all its stakeholders. The Board Diversity 
Policy is only applicable to the Board but sits alongside 
Subsea7’s Code of Conduct and associated global policies, 
which set out Subsea7’s broader commitment to diversity 
and inclusion. 
Processes for engaging with own workers and 
workers’ representatives about impacts 
(ESRS S1-2)
Please refer to section ‘Processes for engaging with own 
workers and workers’ representatives about impacts (ESRS 
S1-2)’ on page 99.  
Actions related to Diversity and inclusion (S1-4)
Subsea7’s leadership focus on diversity and inclusion 
continues with strong engagement. The Executive 
Management Team meets several times a year to set the 
annual focus areas and review status to keep the agenda 
on track. Regional VPs, the Group’s SVP Project & Offshore 
Operations and HR Directors meet twice a year as a group 
to discuss the direction and share learnings on how they 
are translating the ambitions into actions. 
In 2025, we exceeded our Board Diversity Policy objective 
to have at least 33% female representation on the Board, 
by appointing Lucia de Andrade as an Independent Director, 
resulting in 43% female representation. 
In order to promote positive behaviours in the workplace, 
a training programme 7Ally-Upstander continued enabling 
our people to understand how they can address 
inappropriate workplace behaviours as a bystander. 
7Ally-Upstander supported an increase in employees 
feeling confident or very confident as upstanders. 
In 2025, the Group secured an exclusive partnership 
with Turtle which is a maritime matchmaking technology 
platform. Turtle connects maritime companies with 
registered seafarers. Through our partnership we have 
worked with Turtle to create social media content to 
connect candidates to us. This partnership alongside 
our existing efforts to attract and hire women to join 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025104
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT


[page 107]
Table 3-3 – Employee headcount by gender
Gender 2025 – Number of employees 
(headcount)
2024 – Number of employees 
(headcount)
Male 10,930 12,148
Female 2,891 2,911
Other 0 0
Not reported 0 13
Total workforce 13,821 15,072
Graph 3-3 – Number of employees in countries with 50 or more employees
Table 3-4 – Employees by contract type, broken down by gender 2025
Metric for 2025 Female Male Other1 Not Reported Total
Number of permanent employees 2,569 6,866  0 0 9,435
Number of temporary employees 204 1,276  0 0 1,480
Number of non-guaranteed hours employees 118 2,788  0 0 2,906
Number of full-time employees 2,682 10,831  0 0 13,513
Number of part-time employees 209 99  0 0 308
Table 3-5 – Employees by contract type, broken down by gender 2024(1)
Metric for 2024 Female Male Other Not Reported Total
Number of permanent employees 2,313 6,530  0 2 8,845
Number of temporary employees 189 1,254  0 9 1,452
Number of non-guaranteed hours employees 92 2,979  0 2 3,073
Number of full-time employees 2,455 10,706  0 13 13,174
Number of part-time employees 139 57  0 0 196
1. 2024 data excluded headcount associated with the following subsidiaries: Xodus , 4Subsea, Sonamet and Nautilus. These were included in the 2025 
reported data.
OtherUS UK UAE TurkeyTaiwanSingaporeSaudi ArabiaPortugalOffshoreNorwayNetherlandsMexicoMalaysiaGermanyFranceBrazilAustraliaAngola
2024 2025
Angola
Australia
Brazil
France
Germany
Malaysia
Mexico
7,000
6,000
5,000
3,000
4,000
2,000
1,000
0
Netherlands
Norway
Offshore
Portugal
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Taiwan
Turkey
UAE
UK
US
Other
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 105
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY


[page 108]
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Table 3-6 – Employees by contract type, broken down by Country 2025
Metric for 2025
Angola
Australia
Brazil
France
Germany
Malaysia
Mexico
Netherlands
Norway
Offshore
Portugal
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Taiwan
Turkey
UAE
UK
US
Other
Number of permanent employees 117 165 982 608 66 265 70 288 842 2,538 114 63 69 60 76 174 2,264 571 103
Number of temporary employees 125 68 152 118 2 13 4 28 60 384 2 9 2 24 8 11 430 13 27
Number of non-guaranteed hours 
employees 0 13 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2,884 0 0 0 0 0 0 7 2 0
Number of full-time employees 242 237 1,129 707 61 278 74 284 876 5,799 115 72 71 84 84 184 2,507 580 129
Number of part-time employees 0 9 5 19 7 0 0 32 26 7 1 0 0 0 0 1 194 6 1
Table 3-7 – Employees by contract type, broken down by Country 2024 
Metric for 2024
Angola
Australia
Brazil
France
Germany
Malaysia
Mexico
Netherlands
Norway
Offshore
Portugal
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Taiwan
Turkey
UAE
UK
US
Other
Number of permanent employees 37 99 945 598 69 277 64 267 709 2,603 107 49 169 70 60 144 1,943 542 93
Number of temporary employees 100 42 111 139 5 10 5 49 29 456 2 24 6 36 2 5 366 25 40
Number of non-guaranteed hours 
employees 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3,073 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Number of full-time employees 137 140 1,055 723 66 287 69 282 727 6,131 109 73 174 106 62 149 2,190 562 132
Number of part-time employees 0 1 1 14 8 0 0 34 11 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 119 5 1
1. In 2024, data excluded headcount associated with the following subsidiaries: Xod us, 4Subsea, Sonamet and Nautilus 
Diversity indicators (ESRS S1-9)
Table 3-8 – Gender distribution at top management level, which includes the Executive Management Team and the 
Leadership Group.
2025 2024 (2)
Group Number. (M/F) Percent (M/F) Number. (M/F) Percent (M/F)
Leadership group 96/30 76/24 91/22 81/19
Executive Management Team 6/2 75/25 6/2 75/25
Total 102/32 76/24 97/24 80/20
1. Permanent onshore workforce only.
2.
 Excludes headcount associated with the following subsidiaries: Xodus, 4Subsea,
 Sonamet and Nautilus.
Graph 3-4 – Distribution of employees by age group
0 10 20 30 40 50 60 70
Not reported (2024)
Not reported (2025)
>50 (2024)
>50 (2025)
30-50 (2024)
30-50 (2025)
<30 (2024)
<30 (2025)
Offshore, % Onshore, %
1
1
11 12
12
25
37
10 3
3 9
25
38
13
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025106
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT


[page 109]
Talent attraction, development and 
retention (includes wellbeing)
Talent attraction, development and retention 
approach and policies (S1-1)
Being7 is our employer brand and the backbone of our 
culture. It’s what we offer our people, it’s what our people 
bring to Subsea7 and it’s what it feels like to be part of the 
team. At Subsea7 we offer a career people can be proud of, 
an incredible journey and an environment where they can 
thrive. The voice of our existing employees is used to tell 
their Being7 story to attract new talents to Subsea7. 
Subsea7 has a well-established range of learning and 
development tools and programmes to help our people 
grow their knowledge and abilities in different areas 
of the business, including business and functional skills 
frameworks, development programmes, and a variety of 
learning content, designed to promote inclusive and equal 
learning opportunities amongst our employees. 
Subsea7’s onshore employees and offshore management 
teams have an annual performance and development 
discussion. This is held with their line manager to ensure 
they have a clear understanding of the organisational 
expectations of them as well as to ensure their 
development and wellbeing needs are understood. 
For offshore crews, excluding offshore management 
teams, permanent and day-rate people complete an 
annual appraisal that addresses their development, this 
is documented in the Group’s offshore learning system. 
Subsea7 has a robust wellbeing framework consisting of 
Mind, Body, Connect and Thrive. Our teams have embraced 
the importance of wellbeing across the Group and continue 
to bring it to life through various activities including workshops, 
training, questionnaires, conversations, group sessions and 
sessions dedicated to key wellbeing topics. 
Processes for engaging with own workers and 
workers’ representatives about impacts 
(ESRS S1-2)
Please refer to section ‘Processes for engaging with own 
workers and workers representatives about impacts (ESRS 
S1-2)’ on page 99.  
Actions related to talent attraction, development 
and retention (S1-4)
Being7 is supported through learning and development, 
diversity and inclusion, and wellbeing strategies, including 
a regular survey that enables us to track the impact of our 
initiatives and actions and understand where we need 
to focus our efforts to continually improve Subsea7. As a 
lagging indicator, employee turnover is analysed to understand 
if there are trends and patterns that need to be addressed. 
Subsea7’s focus in investing in learning and development 
in 2025 continued with our global suite of development 
packages. Delegates are nominated to each of programmes 
from across the Group, those include Commercial Awareness, 
Early High Potential Talent (Rise), Core Career Skills 
(Elevate), Project Manager Diploma, Project Success 
Programme, Global Graduate Programme, Management 
Development Programme (onshore and offshore), Leading 
Safety Programme, offshore conversion programmes and 
our Offshore Cadet Programme. 
At a local level, both onshore (office-based) and offshore 
(worksites or vessel-based), our investment in learning and 
development for individuals continued. During the first 
quarter of each year, Subsea7 reinforces our learning and 
development commitment and culture through individual 
discussions on development and career aspirations as part 
of the annual performance discussions. 
In 2025, the Group launched the Career Profile tool in 
SuccessFactors (Human Resources IT system). Through 
completing the career profile, future career goals and 
mobility preferences can be captured, along with details 
of achievements to date, skills, education, certifications 
and language proficiency. The information provided enables 
richer conversations with managers around career and 
development objectives during the Performance and 
Development Review (or PDR) process and allows Subsea7 
to better understand our people and their aspirations. 
Subsea7 continues to encourage a culture of learning 
through an annual Festival of Learning, which spanned 
the month of October 2025, with the theme was ‘Embrace 
Agility’. We had record-breaking attendance of over 11,000 
of our onshore and offshore people taking part in more than 
70 sessions. 
All employees have access to a confidential Employee 
Assistance Programme (EAP) that provides support for 
coping with life’s challenges including health and wellbeing, 
financial problems, stress or anxiety and family issues. On 
World Mental Health Day, Subsea7 had an external speaker, 
Luke Ambler, talk about “Mental Resilience: Thriving through 
Challenges”. Following the event, a wellbeing tip sheet was 
published with reminders of the EAP service available. 
The Group celebrates Being7 culture through nominating 
colleagues, who inspired them, to Being7 Stars. Over 3,000 
of our people received nominations. Those nominated were 
advised in early December 2025, with an employee-driven 
social media campaign celebrating their personal success. 
Targets related to managing material impacts, 
advancing positive impacts, as well as to risks 
and opportunities (ESRS S1-5)
Metrics and targets (Talent attraction, 
development and retention)
The Group did not adopt any targets related to Talent 
attraction, development and retention.
Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees 
(ESRS S1-6)
Subsea7’s reporting is based on headcount at 31 December 
2025, it is based on the actual number of employees and 
non-employees and is not adjusted to a full-time equivalent 
basis, two part-time roles are reported as two individuals. 
Table 3-9 – Attrition data
Employee Turnover Unit 2025 2024(1)
Number of employees who have 
left undertaking number 947 897
Percentage of employee turnover % 9.9 9.6
1. In 2024, data excluded headcount associated with the following 
subsidiaries: Xodus, 4Subsea, Sonamet and Nautilus. In 2025 Xodus 
and 4Subsea were included in the dataset. 
2.
 Turnover includes permanent workforce only (for details on workforce
 
composition refer to section ‘Characteristics of the undertaking’s 
employees (ESRS S1-6)’ on pages 104 to 106) and is based on sum 
of leavers divided by rolling 12-month average headcount. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 107
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY


[page 110]
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Characteristics of non-employee workers in the 
undertaking’s own workforce (ESRS S1-7)
The key characteristics of non-employee workers are those 
that do not have a permanent contract of employment with 
the Group and have a date on which their services will 
terminate. These include contractors and agency workers. 
The majority of Subsea7’s non-employees are offshore 
workers who work on a non-guaranteed days basis or 
via third parties. 
Collective bargaining coverage and social 
dialogue (ESRS S1-8)
Collective bargaining
As stated in the Group’s Human Rights Policy, Subsea7 
supports open and constructive dialogue with its employees 
and, if applicable, their representatives. Our employees are 
free to join organisations of their choosing that represent 
them, in accordance with local laws. 
A number of employees are covered by collective 
agreements both through trade unions and works councils. 
The extent of these agreements is dependent on country 
and local agreements and can vary in detail from inclusion 
of terms and conditions of employment through to the wider 
employment environment. 
The social relations with employees is managed at local 
country level and, as such, Subsea7 does not hold data 
on who is covered by these agreements at the Group level. 
Training and skills development indicators (S1-13)
Table 3-10 – Performance and career development reviews
2025 20242
Group Onshore1 Offshore Onshore Offshore
% workforce participated in a performance and career development 
review 84 55
3 83 69
% by gender (M/F) 82 M/88 F  55 M/47 F 83 M/80 F 69 M/81 F
1. Permanent onshore workforce only. 
2.
 2024 excluded data associated with the following subsidiaries, Xodus, 4Subsea,
 Sonamet and Nautilus. In 2025 Xodus data was included, 
with 4Subsea and Sonamet remaining excluded. 
3.
 Participation in the offshore workforce shows a reduction primarily due change in timing of the PMR campaign. For 2026 it has
 been aligned to 
the rest of the Group.
Table 3-11 – Training hours
20251 20241
Group Onshore Offshore Onshore Offshore
Average hours per person2 13.1 81.7 14.9 87.9
Average hours by gender (M/F)2 12.6/14.1 79.5/129.5 13.9/17.3 84/184.6
1. Data excludes the following subsidiaries: Xodus, 4Subsea, Sonamet and Nautilu s.
2.
 The 2025 decrease in training hours is primarily due to the introduction of Succes
sFactors at the end of 2024. In this platform it is only completed 
training courses that are recognised. In 2024, partially completed training was also included in the data.
Work-life balance indicators (S1-15)
As stated in its Human Rights Policy Statement, Subsea7 is committed to fair employment practices across the Group and 
throughout its supply chain. These include, as a minimum, complying with national legal requirements regarding wages and 
working hours. 
The data related to family-related leave is not held at the Group level. 
Social dialogue
The social dialogue with employees is managed at local 
level and as a result Subsea7 does not hold data on who 
is covered by these agreements at the Group level. 
Social protection (S1-11)
We are committed to fair employment practices across 
the Group and throughout the supply chain. These include, 
as a minimum, complying with national legal requirements 
regarding working hours. 
Employment benefits and social protection are managed 
at a country level and are, as a minimum, in adherence with 
local legislation. This data is not recorded at Group level. 
Persons with disabilities (S1-12)
We are committed to equal opportunities and diversity and 
seek to promote them in every aspect of our operations – 
in governance, management systems and operational 
activities, and within Susbea7’s Own workforce. 
As stated in the Group’s Human Rights Statement Subsea7 
recruits, selects and develops people on merit, irrespective 
of race, colour, religion, political beliefs, gender, age, sexual 
orientation, marital status, disability or any other 
characteristic protected by applicable laws. 
As the definition of disability and the monitoring of people 
with disabilities is determined on a country-by-country 
basis, this is not managed at Group level and the data is 
not recorded at Group level.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025108
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT


[page 111]
ESRS S2 – Workers in the value chain
General disclosures
Interests and views of stakeholders 
(ESRS 2 SBM-2)
Subsea7’s commitment to ethical business practices and 
respect for human rights is integral to its global operations. 
The Group recognises the necessity of a strategy and 
business model that address the impacts of operations on 
our people and those working for Subsea7. Respecting 
human rights and managing the human rights impacts of 
operations are fundamental to how business is conducted, 
and it’s guided by Subsea7’s Values. Requiring fair and 
lawful employment practices and a work environment in 
which no one is abused or exploited by Subsea7 or any 
person we work with, makes us a stronger and more reliable 
group capable of attracting and retaining talented people; 
and with which our clients and suppliers want to partner, 
around the world. 
Given the nature of the Group’s business, Subsea7 operates 
in many jurisdictions. Subsea7’s strategy and business 
model prioritise the safety and human rights of people, 
including Value Chain Workers (VCWs), ensuring compliance 
with the law and being guided by industry best practices. 
Maintaining relationships with multiple suppliers across 
different jurisdictions for key materials or services is 
essential to Subsea7’s strategy, given the global footprint 
and the goal of mitigating the dependency risk of having 
a limited number of suppliers. Several of our key suppliers 
operate globally. In the event that certain VCWs were not 
available in specific countries or locations, Subsea7 
would work with an alternative supplier based elsewhere. 
However, in a global scenario affecting all VCWs, such as the 
COVID-19 pandemic, Subsea7 would be impacted by the 
major disruption to production and distribution worldwide. 
Currently, engagement with materially affected VCWs does 
not feature as a separate step in Subsea7’s strategy and 
business model review cycle. While the engagement may 
not be directly with VCWs, their legitimate representatives 
(trade unions or works councils) or credible proxies, 
Subsea7 is informed of the potential impacts on these 
workers through the Group’s processes to identify and 
address human rights risks which are further described 
in section ‘Policies related to value chain workers (S2-1)’ 
below on this page and section ‘Processes for engaging 
with value chain workers about impacts (S2-2)’ on page 110. 
In addition, material impacts on VCWs were considered 
as part of the double materiality assessment (DMA). 
The materiality of supply chain-related impacts and the 
associated risks were assessed. During this evaluation, 
selected key suppliers were engaged through interviews 
to understand our impacts on them and determine the 
relative importance of various sustainability-related topics 
to them. In the Sustainability Statements, we have included 
the impacts and risks deemed significant, along with the 
mitigating actions. The types of VCWs who could be 
materially impacted are typically vulnerable migrant 
or low-skilled workers, whether they are on a supplier’s 
worksite or working on Subsea7 sites or vessels. These 
VCWs can be particularly at risk when provided by third-
party labour agencies as the supplier may not have a full 
view of the employment terms and conditions. For more 
information on the DMA, see disclosures in section 
‘Materiality assessment (ESRS 2 IRO-1)’ on page 79. 
Material impacts, risks and opportunities and 
their interaction with strategy and business 
model(s) (ESRS 2 SBM-3)
Subsea7 operates in all major offshore energy regions, 
and the supply chain, which comprises over 8,000 direct 
suppliers globally (number excludes Sonamet), represents 
a significant proportion of the work performed. On some 
larger projects, procurement can represent over half of the 
entire project’s value. 
Table 3-12 summarises the material impacts, risks and 
opportunities concerning VCWs within Subsea7’s value 
chain, identified through the DMA. 
Subsea7 describes how its material IROs interact with 
its strategy on page 78. Embedded within supply chain 
processes is a risk assessment matrix for identifying 
suppliers potentially posing higher human rights risks, 
as further discussed in section ‘Labour practices and 
human rights’ on page 97. This matrix evaluates both the 
country risk and the risks associated with the types of 
materials or services provided. 
Subsea7 executes projects worldwide and assesses each 
country for human rights risks, especially when working in 
a new high-risk country. Recognising that our VCWs may 
face heightened risks in these areas, Subsea7 is vigilant 
in mitigating potential negative impacts, which are further 
discussed on page 111. The risk assessments conducted 
have identified upstream VCWs, particularly those likely to 
be vulnerable migrant workers, as being more susceptible 
to the negative impacts identified in Table 3-12: specifically, 
low-skilled workers from a medium- or high-risk country 
working in another country in which they are not permanently 
resident or working offshore. These VCWs are the people 
most likely to experience significant human rights and 
labour practices impacts, specifically child labour, slavery 
and trafficking, and other forms of forced or involuntary 
labour, and who could be particularly vulnerable. Some 
examples of suppliers that might engage vulnerable migrant 
workers are fabrication, shipyard and base-operator suppliers. 
For information on how identified risks and potential 
impacts are addressed and mitigated related to health and 
safety of workers in the value chain, refer to section ‘Health 
and safety’ on pages 101 to 103. 
Some of the additional key supply chain focus areas are: 
•
 Continuing to enhance and embed supplier risk 
assessment procedures 
•
 Improving the use of digital tools and platforms to 
improve efficiency and decision-making 
•
 Continuing to raise awareness of our human rights 
commitments within the Group 
•
 Preparing for emerging legislation 
•
 Collaborating with our strategic suppliers on their supply 
chain risks 
•
 Continuing to develop measures to obtain assurance 
regarding the management of human rights risks in the 
supply chain 
•
 Impacts, risks and opportunities management.
Policies related to value chain workers 
(ESRS S2-1)
Further to the section ‘Interests and views of stakeholders 
(SBM-2)’ on page 77, to meet the Group’s commitments 
to human rights, Subsea7 designed and implemented the 
Group’s Human Rights Programme, which is described in 
the Sustainability Statement ‘ESRS S1 Own Workforce’ 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 109
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY


[page 112]
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
on page 98 and applies to our own workforce as well as 
to our supply chain, to the extent described in this section. 
That programme includes a Human Rights Policy Statement 
and Code of Conduct. 
The following sections provide summary information on 
relevant policies and procedures for managing human rights 
risks in the supply chain over and above what is covered 
in the Sustainability Statement ‘ESRS S1 Own Workforce’ 
on page 98 and section ‘Processes to remediate negative 
impacts and channels for value chain workers to raise 
concerns (S2-3) on page 111 (which details Subsea7’s 
general approach in relation to processes applied to 
remediate negative impacts).
Code of Conduct for Suppliers
Subsea7 is committed to working with suppliers and 
partners whose human rights standards are consistent 
with its own. The Group requires all suppliers to commit to 
the Code of Conduct for Suppliers, which sets out the key 
principles of ethical conduct that suppliers are required 
to uphold when working with Subsea7. It also requires 
suppliers to uphold the same standards when dealing 
with their workforce and subcontractors. 
Subsea7 refreshed its Code of Conduct for Suppliers 
in 2025, in particular adding guidelines to support 
suppliers in implementing it within their own businesses. 
The guidelines include clear expectations, encourage 
suppliers to adopt certain practices, and advise of 
potential reporting requirements. 
The Code of Conduct for Suppliers states that Subsea7 
strives to protect the dignity of all individuals working in, 
or impacted by, the Group’s operations, including people 
who work for suppliers of materials or services to 
Subsea7. This includes a commitment to help prevent 
modern slavery, human trafficking and other forms of 
forced or involuntary labour. 
The Group’s Code of Conduct for Suppliers is incorporated 
into the standard terms and conditions for suppliers and 
includes mutual commitments to: 
•
 Ethical business conduct, including regarding anti-corruption
 
•
 Health, safety and security 
•
 Human rights and fair and lawful employment practices 
across Subsea7 and throughout its supply chain 
•
 As a minimum, comply with national legal requirements 
regarding wages and working hours 
•
 Support the International Labour Organisation’s (or ILO) 
Standards regarding child labour and minimum age 
•
 Prevent modern slavery and human trafficking anywhere 
in Subsea7’s business or supply chain 
•
 Uphold the same standards when dealing with employees, 
non-employees and VCWs 
•
 Protect the environment 
•
 Protect personal data and mitigate against 
cybersecurity incidents. 
In 2025, one case of suppliers’ non-compliance with the 
human rights principles set out in the Group’s Code of 
Conduct for Suppliers was identified. 
Processes for engaging with value chain 
workers about impacts (ESRS S2-2)
Further to section ‘Interests and views of stakeholders’ 
(SBM-2) on page 77, Subsea7’s supplier risk assessment 
procedures include a requirement for suppliers considered 
high risk to undergo human rights screening, and we strive 
to perform such screening whenever required. Engagement 
takes place with medium- and high-risk suppliers through 
human rights questionnaires that assess potentially high 
human rights impacts, focusing primarily on child labour, 
modern slavery, human trafficking and other forms of forced 
or involuntary labour. This engagement does not usually 
or systematically extend directly to suppliers’ workers. 
The Code of Conduct for Suppliers also encourages 
suppliers to raise concerns if they become aware of any 
breaches of the standards outlined therein. If they are 
uncomfortable reporting directly to Subsea7, an externally 
administered confidential reporting line, Safecall, is available 
to suppliers and their personnel on worksites. Further 
details on channels to raise concerns are described in 
section ‘Whistleblowing channels and culture’ on page 120. 
Additionally, suppliers are engaged through audits. These 
audits are typically carried out at a project level and may be 
led by a client, Subsea7 or a third party, depending on the 
risk, scope and location. 
Suppliers are invited to attend annual Supplier Integrity 
events, held both virtually and in-person at Subsea7 office 
locations. During these events, human rights is featured 
prominently. This is to raise awareness of the sector-wide 
risks and collaborate with suppliers to develop common 
strategies for managing risks. In 2025, a total of nine 
Supplier Integrity events were held, attended by 1205 
individuals from around 700 suppliers, a significant 
increase from 2024 as a result of more regions/business 
units holding events. These figures exclude Xodus and 
Sonamet. Topics linked to human rights and labour 
practices discussed at these events included a video 
made by Subsea7’s Chief Compliance & Ethics Officer 
(CECO) and Vice-President of Supply Chain Management 
&Products detailing the changes to the Code of Conduct 
for Suppliers, the new Implementation Guidelines, the 
Group’s human rights risk-tiering matrix, as well as the 
Global Human Rights Procedure. Speakers included 
human rights subject matter experts from Subsea7, 
suppliers and partners. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025110
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT


[page 113]
Table 3-12 – IROs in relation to the Group’s value chain workers
Boundary in value chain Time horizon
Upstream Own 
operation Downstream Short Medium Long
Labour practices and human rights in 
the value chain I/R/O
Penalties, convictions, debarment and damage 
to the Group’s reputation due to human rights 
violations and unacceptable labour practices 
affecting workers in the value chain
Risk
Supply chain workers subject to slavery, human 
trafficking and other types of forced or 
involuntary labour (e.g. debt bondage and 
withholding of passports, unlawful deduction 
of wages, and lack of freedom to accept or 
decline work)
Potential 
Impact (-)
Health and safety of workers in the 
value chain
Financial or operational consequences due to 
work-related illness, injury or harm associated 
with operations, harsh or unfamiliar environments
Risk
Exposure to security breaches, illness, injury or 
harm associated with transit routes and/or the 
location of work
Potential 
Impact  
(-)
Subsea7’s supply chain workers subject to 
work-related illness, injury or harm associated 
with operations, harsh or unfamiliar environments
Potential 
Impact 
(-)
Processes to remediate negative impacts and 
channels for value chain workers to raise 
concerns (ESRS S2-3)
Processes to remediate negative impacts
The Group’s Global Human Rights Procedure sets out 
Subsea7’s general approach to remedying negative impacts 
caused or contributed to by Subsea7 or its suppliers, on 
people outside the Group, including VCWs. The aim is to 
rectify any harm caused, with the goal to restore affected 
individuals to the situation they would have been in had the 
harm not occurred, or as close to that as possible. The 
response or remedy provided by Subsea7 would depend on 
Subsea7’s level of responsibility for the impact. Actions will 
depend on the specific circumstances and would be adapted 
with the aim of ensuring that the remedy is effective. 
When determining Subsea7’s role in a negative impact, 
the following factors are considered: 
•
 Did a decision or action made by Subsea7 alone lead 
to
 
the impact? 
•
 Has Subsea7 done anything to incentivise or motivate 
another party to cause the impact? 
•
 Has Subsea7 done anything to facilitate or enable 
the
 
impact to occur? 
•
 What steps has Subsea7 undertaken to try to prevent 
the
 
impact from occurring or to mitigate the impact? 
The Global Human Rights Procedure, as well as the impact 
assessment, applies to all Subsea7’s operations on a global 
basis. Therefore, whether Subsea7 is entering new countries, 
if new risks are identified or specific groups of VCWs have 
been identified who might be at higher risk (e.g. migrant 
workers, workers in high-risk countries), the Global Human 
Rights Procedure would apply consistently, as far as 
possible, for each group. 
Channels available for value chain workers to 
raise concerns
As disclosed in section ‘Policies related to own workforce’ 
(S1-1) on page 98, all individuals working on the majority of 
Subsea7’s sites or vessels, have access to channels for 
raising, and are encouraged to raise, concerns about any 
negative impacts of Subsea7’s business or operations, or 
behaviour that is inconsistent with the Code of Conduct or 
the Code of Conduct for Suppliers. They can do so via the 
externally administered confidential reporting line (Safecall) 
or by reporting directly to Subsea7. The local telephone 
lines for Safecall are manned 24 hours a day, seven days 
a week, and the numbers are listed in the Group’s Code of 
Conduct for Suppliers (as well as at Subsea7 sites), allowing 
suppliers and their workers on Subsea7 sites to report 
confidentially about actual or potential impacts on them, 
in their own language and (if they so choose, and where 
local laws permit) in an anonymous way. Safecall can also 
be accessed via an internet portal, as an alternative to the 
telephone line. Additional information about the Group’s 
Speak Up Policy and Safecall is detailed in section 
‘Whistleblowing channels and culture’ on page 120. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 111
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY


[page 114]
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
During 2025, one report of a violation of human rights 
by suppliers was raised via the Speak Up channel or 
identified through the Group’s risk assessment and 
due diligence process. 
Taking action on material impacts on value chain 
workers, and approaches to mitigating material 
risks and pursuing material opportunities related 
to value chain workers, and effectiveness of 
those actions (ESRS S2-4)
Further to section ‘Processes to remediate negative 
impacts and channels for value chain workers to raise 
concerns (S2-3)’ on page 111, following the completion of 
the DMA, three potential negative impacts and two risks 
within our value chain were identified, of which two of the 
impacts and one risk are related to human rights. The 
subsequent sections outline the actions and measure 
implemented to prevent, mitigate or remediate these human 
rights risks and their impacts on VCWs. In addition to the 
Speak Up channels described in section ‘Processes to 
remediate negative impacts and channels for value chain 
workers to raise concerns (S2-3)’ on page 111, these actions 
and measures include: 
•
 Conducting a pre-qualification risk assessment process, 
including screening and due diligence 
•
 Establishing and enforcing supplier contractual terms 
and conditions 
•
 Performing investigations, remediation and enforcement 
actions, when breaches are reported or detected 
•
 Implementing monitoring, auditing and
 
assurance procedures 
•
 Training relevant personnel to identify and manage 
human rights risks 
•
 Allocating resources to effectively manage human 
rights risks 
•
 Participating in industry and multi-stakeholder initiatives. 
Actions and measures implemented to address health and 
safety related risks and impacts are described in the ‘Health 
and safety’ section on pages 101 to 103. 
Conduct a pre-qualification process, screening 
and due diligence
In accordance with the Group’s Supply Chain Management 
Process for Procurement, all suppliers are required to 
undergo registration with additional qualification depending 
on the product or service provided, such qualification to be 
performed before contracting with a supplier. 
To identify and address any potential human rights risks in 
the supply chain, a human rights risk assessment and due 
diligence process for all high-risk suppliers (refer to 
‘Glossary’ section on page 229 for the description of the 
term) has been developed. This includes a human rights 
questionnaire and a risk-scoring mechanism. During the 
evolution and maturity of the Human Rights Programme 
Subsea7 has continued to invest in systems and engaged 
independent experts to improve and refine these processes. 
•
 Since 2019, human rights questions have been 
included in Subsea7’s due diligence questionnaire 
for high-risk suppliers 
•
 In 2020, the Exiger Insight 3PM™ platform was 
implemented to provide third-party compliance risk 
assessments including due diligence screening of 
medium- and high-risk suppliers and other third parties. 
It performs or enables business ethics and human rights 
risk assessment and due diligence screening, automated 
due diligence questionnaires and approval workflows. 
•
 External, responsible sourcing risk indices have been 
used to deliver improved human rights risk-tiering of 
suppliers and countries. In addition, Subsea7 engaged 
with GoodCorporation
TM, an external, independent, 
expert firm to conduct baseline risk mapping of supplier 
categories that could pose a higher human rights risk. 
•
 In 2022, an enhanced human rights risk-tiering matrix 
was introduced that was deployed worldwide: 
•
 The risk matrix takes into account the country risk and 
whether the type of products or services supplied falls 
into a category that are deemed potentially higher risk 
•
 An enhanced human rights assessment and due 
diligence questionnaire for high-risk suppliers was 
developed, which sharpened the focus on the human 
rights risks that could have the most significant impact 
and included prescribed remedial actions, depending 
on suppliers’ responses and the resulting risk scores 
•
 There is also a short-form risk assessment 
questionnaire for suppliers provisionally deemed 
lower risk to confirm whether they should be treated 
as higher risk 
•
 Both questionnaires contain questions relating to the 
higher-risk areas of child labour, slavery and trafficking, 
other forms of forced or involuntary labour, involving 
underage and low-skilled migrant workers. The key risk 
factor identified, both for Subsea7’s own workforce and 
for VCWs, is vulnerable migrant workers i.e. low-skilled 
workers from a medium- or high-risk country working in 
another country in which they are not permanently 
resident or are working offshore 
•
 Where the enhanced human rights due diligence 
questionnaire is required, then depending on the 
resulting scores, the use of the supplier is: (i) prohibited; 
or (ii) prohibited until a remedial action plan is put in 
place to bring the supplier’s score above a certain 
threshold; or (iii) permitted but with a remedial plan 
to improve the supplier’s score; or (iv) permitted 
without any further action by the supplier 
•
 The relevant questionnaire is refreshed at three-yearly 
intervals or more frequently, depending on whether any 
relevant risks have materially increased or any new 
concerns have been raised 
•
 All medium- and high-risk suppliers are continuously 
monitored via the Exiger screening tool. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025112
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT


[page 115]
• In 2023, a supplier human rights risk assessment register 
and dashboard was developed and launched to help 
regional management monitor progress in risk assessing 
suppliers, as well as to monitor the closing out of any 
remedial or improvement plan actions undertaken by 
suppliers. These tools assist in providing more granular 
data regarding higher-risk suppliers, which helps 
continuous improvement of risk management procedures 
•
 In 2025, a Responsible Supply Chain (RSC) application 
was developed to assist supply chain management teams 
to easily identify when screening is required and which 
questionnaires to use. This application also pulls through 
real-time screening information from the systems it links 
with, giving users relevant, up-to-date context. 
The number of suppliers assessed from a human rights 
perspective reduced slightly in 2025 from 1,584 to 1,419, 
probably as a result of reducing the use of medium- or 
high-risk suppliers. However, increased internal targets 
for completing risk assessments of high-risk suppliers 
and also the inclusion of Xodus supplier numbers (but not 
Sonamet’s), has resulted in a positive increase in high-risk 
suppliers assessed, from 112 to 181. Two suppliers were 
prohibited from use as a result of Subsea7’s human rights 
risk assessment and due diligence process. In addition, 
the process to require certain suppliers to provide additional
 
assurance by way of a human rights certification was 
updated. These suppliers include labour agencies and other 
suppliers that are likely to utilise vulnerable migrant workers 
from high- or medium-risk countries.
Subsea7 continues to work with high-risk suppliers to 
complete advanced human rights self-assessments. These 
are suppliers based in a medium-high- or high-risk country 
(please refer to ‘Glossary’ section on page 229 for the 
description of the term) with respect to human rights that 
supply a medium or medium-high-risk category of materials 
or services, such as fabrication. 
Subsea7 has also continued to involve the Group’s 
internal audit function to provide assurance about effective 
implementation of our processes at a Group and regional level. 
Establishing and enforcing supplier contractual 
terms and conditions.
When engaging with suppliers, typically through a competitive 
tender process Subsea7 emphasises its zero tolerance for 
the most egregious human rights risks, namely: child labour, 
modern slavery and trafficking and other forms of forced 
or involuntary labour. These standards are outlined in the 
Group’s Code of Conduct for Suppliers and are incorporated 
into the standard contract terms and conditions with 
suppliers. A breach of these human rights commitments 
is considered a material breach of contract, granting 
Subsea7 the right to terminate the contract for default. 
During 2025, no supplier contracts were terminated due 
to breaches of human rights commitments. 
Additionally, high-risk suppliers may be subject to periodic 
audits, monitoring or other assurance measures based on 
a risk-based assessment. Subsea7’s terms and conditions 
for all suppliers include a right of audit, with two such audits 
conducted during 2025. 
Carrying out investigations, remediation and 
enforcement actions
All allegations or suspicions reported or detected via 
Safecall or internal channels are reported to the CECO, 
who records them on a case management system and 
oversees their investigation in accordance with the Group’s 
Investigations Principles and Procedures. This includes 
human rights breaches in the value chain. 
Should any investigation confirm that human rights 
breaches have been committed at, or by a supplier, action 
plans to address the issue and protect the victims would 
be implemented. This could include requiring the supplier 
to address the issue by remedying the harm done to the 
individual(s) in question and to rectify any associated 
weaknesses or gaps in its Human Rights Programme, 
and refusing to work with that supplier, until it had 
complied with these requirements. If appropriate 
and practicable, the incident would be reported to 
relevant authorities. 
As noted in section ‘Policies related to value chain workers 
(S2-1)’ on page 109, during 2025, there was one report 
linked to human rights issues with suppliers or concerns 
raised by VCWs.
Implementing monitoring, auditing and 
assurance procedures
Subsea7 monitors, audits and continually reviews its 
Human Rights Programme to ensure it remains current and 
effectively implemented and is continually improved, in line 
with current and emerging stakeholder expectations and 
regulatory requirements. 
Speak Up reports and other cases of potential human 
rights breaches are tracked, as well as potential or actual 
weaknesses or failures in the Human Rights Programme. 
For more information on the Human Rights Programme 
refer to section ‘Actions relating to labour practices and 
human rights (S1-4)’ on page 100 and section ‘Speak Up 
in Corporate culture and business conduct policies (G1-1)’ 
on page 116. 
As the Programme matures, it continues to be incorporated 
into the scope of Subsea7’s internal audit function. The aim 
is to develop efficient, risk-based, cost-effective methods 
to obtain greater assurance from high-risk suppliers that 
they have implemented the prescribed procedures to 
manage the potential human rights risks identified. 
These methods could include monitoring, certifications, 
and virtual and in-person audits, as well as evidence that 
the supplier has been audited by a credible, independent 
assurance provider. 
Training on human rights
For information on human rights training that is provided 
to relevant Subsea7 personnel, including people involved 
in supply chain management, refer to page 101. Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 113
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY


[page 116]
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Allocating resources to effectively manage 
human rights issues
Across the Group, there are approximately 600 employees 
within the Supply Chain Management (SCM) function 
(excluding Sonamet). Each employee has roles and 
responsibilities across the different stages of the supplier 
management lifecycle, which include pre-qualification, 
sourcing, pre-award evaluation and commitment approval, 
award and post-award management stages. As described 
on pages 112 to 113, during the pre-qualification process, 
suppliers from medium- or high-risk countries undergo 
a screening and due diligence process. Of those 600 
employees, around 30 are actively involved in the supplier 
screening and due diligence process. Subsea7 took a 
more centralised approach to supplier screening in 2025, 
reducing the number involved from around 60 in 2024. 
However, human rights risks continue to be actively 
managed throughout the entire supplier management 
lifecycle, and it is challenging to accurately allocate the 
percentage of time each person spends on managing the 
material human rights impacts on VCWs, especially after 
the suppliers have been qualified. There is a human 
rights network within the supply chain management 
(SCM) function consisting of representatives from the 
different regions and business units, chaired by the SCM 
Director of Governance and Sustainability or a delegate. 
The purpose of the network is to share lessons learned 
and best practices in terms of how human rights risks 
and issues within the Group’s supply chain are managed. 
Human Rights is a management accountability, but Human 
Resources (HR) and SCM are two functions with key roles 
to play. The CECO has overall responsibility for the design 
of the Group’s Human Rights Programme, supported by 
a senior, specialist human rights manager, and functional 
directors are responsible for implementation of relevant 
policies applicable to their function. It is difficult to estimate 
how much time each person dedicates specifically to 
managing the material impacts on VCWs. 
In addition, Subsea7 has a network of Human Rights 
Champions, further information on which can be found 
in ‘Actions relating to labour practices and human rights’ 
section on page 100.
Participating in industry and  
multi-stakeholder initiatives
Subsea7 is proud to be a signatory to the UN Global 
Compact and a Board Member of Building Responsibly, 
a global business-led coalition committed to promoting 
the rights and welfare of workers in the energy and 
construction sectors. More details can be found in section 
‘Subsea7’s Human Rights Programme’ on page 98.
Metrics and targets
Targets related to managing material negative 
impacts, advancing positive impacts and 
managing material risks and opportunities 
(ESRS S2-5)
Subsea7 recognises the importance of setting time-bound 
and outcome-oriented targets. However, specific targets 
have not yet been established for reducing negative 
impacts, advancing positive impacts or managing material 
risks and opportunities associated with VCWs. The Group’s 
value chain spans multiple regions and sectors, each with 
unique challenges and opportunities. Establishing uniform 
targets that are meaningful and practically achievable 
across this diverse landscape requires careful consideration 
and extensive stakeholder engagement. 
Although there are no specific targets relating to VCWs, 
internal metrics and targets have been set to manage 
human rights risks within the upstream value chain: 
•
 Metric1 – the percentage of suppliers with a contract that 
includes human rights clauses 
•
 Target1 – Target of 90% by the end of 2025 was 
achieved. The actual was 90% for Subsea7 and Xodus. 
Target of 65% by the end of 2024 was achieved. 
The actual was 72% for Subsea7 (excluding Xodus) 
1. These metrics and targets were not applicable to Sonamet. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025114
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT


[page 117]
GOVERNANCE DISCLOSURES
ESRS G1 – Business conduct
General disclosures
The role of the administrative, supervisory and 
management bodies (ESRS 2 GOV-1)
Top-level commitment
The Executive Management Team is accountable for 
compliance and ethics, however, Subsea7 has created a 
compliance function, whose role is to support management 
to fulfil that accountability. This function is led by the Chief 
Ethics and Compliance Office (CECO), who has overall 
responsibility for the design of the Group’s Business Ethics 
Programme, and it includes a combination of local and 
regional compliance officers. 
The CECO reports to the Group’s General Counsel and also 
has independent reporting lines to: 
•
 The Board’s Corporate Governance, Nominations and 
Risk Committee, which is chaired by the Group’s Senior 
Independent Director 
•
 The Group’s Ethics Committee, at the Executive 
Management level. 
Both committees receive regular reports from the CECO 
on the implementation of the Group’s Business Ethics 
Programme, including the findings of any independent 
assurance provider. Annually the CECO attends a joint 
Subsea7 Board session of the Corporate Governance, 
Nominations and Risk Committee and the Audit and 
Sustainability Committee, at which the CECO’s report 
on the previous year, and the priorities for the forthcoming 
year, are reviewed and approved. Collectively these 
committees review the Group’s Business Ethics Programme 
strategy and objectives, agree priorities, assess metrics, 
and approve initiatives. 
For information on the governance of sustainability matters, 
refer to section ‘Governance structure’ on pages 73 to 74. 
Details on the Board members and their areas of expertise 
and responsibility in relation to business ethics and other 
matters are disclosed in the section ‘Governance’ on pages 
48 to 64. 
Impacts, risks and opportunities management 
(ESRS 2 IRO-1)
Process for identifying and assessing material 
impacts, risks and opportunities
Following the completion of the double materiality 
assessment (DMA), as described in the section ‘Materiality 
assessment (ESRS 2 IRO-1)’ on pages 79 to 80, the material 
IROs relating to business conduct were identified. Table 4-1 
summarises the material impacts and risks that relate to 
business conduct, identified following the DMA process. 
Subsea7 describes how its material Impacts Risks and 
Opportunities (or IROs) interact with its strategy in 
section ‘Material IROs and interaction with business 
model’ on page 78. 
Material topics were mapped to the relevant European 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (or ESRS) to establish 
Subsea7’s reporting obligations under the European Union 
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (or EU CSRD). 
The material topic of business ethics (which also incorporates 
the topics of anti-bribery and anti-corruption) was mapped 
to the Sustainability Statement ‘ESRS G1 – Business 
conduct’. The CECO supports identification and validation 
of identified business conduct-related Impacts Risks and 
Opportunities (or IROs) for accuracy and completeness. 
In the context of business conduct, Subsea7’s Anti-Bribery 
Anti-Corruption (ABAC) Programme is designed and 
implemented on the basis of a group-wide corruption risk 
assessment. This looks at the inherent risks associated 
with the sector and business model, and the geographies 
in which Subsea7 operates. Risk assessment is also 
embedded in the Group’s supply chain management 
procedures, as well as in the procedures for selecting and 
appointing business partners and managing other third 
parties. This process is described in detail in section 
‘The Code of Conduct and Clear Policies’ on page 118. 
How Subsea7 manages risks and the roles and responsibilities 
involved in the risk management process is described in the 
‘Principal Risks and Uncertainties’ and ‘Governance’ 
sections on pages 30 to 47 and 48 to 64, respectively. 
Subsidiaries in the Group follow the principles of the 
ABAC Programme. The specific programmes used can 
differ based on business risk profile, for example Xodus 
and 4Subsea, autonomous subsidiaries of the Group, have 
much lower-risk business models and geographical spread, 
as well as much smaller, lower-risk supply chains. 
The non-wholly-owned subsidiary, Sonamet does face 
potentially significant business ethics risks. Sonamet has 
its own Code of Conduct, Speak Up Policy and reporting 
line, and its own system of financial controls and procurement 
procedures that are less developed than Subsea7’s. The 
reports submitted through the reporting line are consolidated 
in the Group’s data. Targeted members of Sonamet workforce 
also complete the annual Subsea7 Business Ethics e-Learning 
module. However, its programme is less mature. Sonamet 
had no reportable ABAC cases during the reporting period. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 115
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY


[page 118]
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Corporate culture and business conduct policies 
(ESRS G1-1)
Subsea7’s Business Ethics Programme is designed to 
embed the Ethics Policy Statement and Code of Conduct 
and to manage compliance risks, including preventing 
bribery and other unethical conduct by the Group or in its 
value chain. The programme underpinned by the Group’s 
Values and the Board’s determination to conduct business 
ethically and in a way that is consistent with those Values: 
Safety, Integrity, Sustainability, Performance, Collaboration 
and Innovation. The elements of the programme are 
described in more detail in section ‘Our Business Ethics 
Programme’ on pages 117 to 120. 
The Ethics Policy Statement sets out the Group’s 
commitment to acting honestly, fairly and with integrity at 
all times, to comply with the law, and to treat people with 
respect. By fulfilling this commitment, Subsea7 aims to earn 
the trust of clients, employees, business partners, suppliers 
and other stakeholders. 
The Group conducts business in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations and in an ethically 
responsible manner. The Code of Conduct applies to 
the Group’s Own workforce and to the Workers in its 
value chain and sets out the key principles that Subsea7 
is committed to upholding and that line management are 
responsible for communicating and implementing. 
The Group’s Ethics Policy and the Code of Conduct are 
approved by both the Chief Executive Officer and by the 
Board. They are communicated via the group-wide Business 
Management System (BMS) as well as via training and 
awareness-raising initiatives. 
As stated in the Ethics Policy Statement, embedding a 
culture of ethics and integrity is central to the Group’s 
business ethics strategy. Subsea7 holds a Global Integrity 
Day annually, and one of the key themes on that day, 
and in group-wide compliance and ethics training and 
communications, are Integrity Moments. The Group uses 
Integrity Moments to help people understand what integrity 
means to the Group and to encourage and empower people 
to use those principles in their work and be guided by them 
when making decisions. 
Subsea7 has a whistleblowing policy (Speak Up Policy), 
which offers various channels for raising concerns about 
potentially unethical conduct, and which is extensively 
promoted within the Group. 
Table 4-1 – IROs in relation to business conduct
Boundary in value chain Time horizon
Upstream Own 
operation Downstream Short Medium Long
Compliance and ethics I/R/O
Penalties, convictions, debarment and damage to 
the Group’s reputation due to compliance and 
ethics breach by the Group or its suppliers
Risk
Embedding a culture of ethics, 
compliance and integrity
Potential 
impact (+)
Society and the rule of law are undermined, and 
corrupt bribes profit at the expense of their citizens
Potential 
impact (-)
Our policy complies with applicable whistleblower 
protection laws designed to protect the rights and freedom 
of people with respect to cases reported and the 
associated processing of personal data.
Management of relationships with suppliers 
(ESRS G1-2)
During 2025, Subsea7 worked with over 8,000 suppliers 
globally, many with an established local presence in the 
countries where the Group operates. Subsea7’s supply 
chain, from which more than a half of the Group’s cost base 
is derived, is an essential part of our strategy to be a strong, 
safe and responsible business, both socially and 
environmentally. Managing the associated risks within the 
supply chain and continually leveraging opportunities to 
create long-term value are central to our goal to make 
sustainable delivery possible. The Group has built 
collaborative, mutually beneficial relationships over years 
of working together with a number of our key strategic 
suppliers, anchored in trust and respect. 
In addition to the supplier
-
related risk assessment and 
due diligence processes referenced in section ‘The 
Code of Conduct and Clear Policies’ on page 118, our 
management of business ethics risks within the supply 
chain is underpinned by the Code of Conduct for Suppliers. 
This document sets out the fundamental principles of 
ethical behaviour that all suppliers must adhere to when 
engaging with Subsea7. The Group’s procedures and 
the Supplier Code of Conduct place strong emphasis on 
business ethics, anti
-
bribery and human rights. Subsea7 
refreshed its Code of Conduct for Suppliers during 2025, 
and details of which can be found in section ‘Policies related 
to value chain workers (S2-1)’ on page 109. Moreover, 
selection, pre-qualification, approval, appointment and 
payment of suppliers are all subject to best practice 
procedures designed to avoid conflicts of interest and 
manage risks of bribery and fraud. These best practices 
include segregation of duties and competitive tenders. 
The Supply Chain Management Process for Procurement 
sets out how new suppliers are onboarded as approved 
suppliers, for which Subsea7 uses the SAP Ariba Supplier 
Management module. Based on the supplier location and 
type SAP Ariba may generate additional workflows within 
the business ethics risk assessment process, which is 
completed as part of the approval process. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025116
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT


[page 119]
The location and type of materials or services intended to 
be provided by the supplier determine the perceived level 
of risk and associated risk management procedures. Based 
on the supplier’s response to the qualification questionnaire, 
Health Safety Environmental (or HSE), quality or technical 
assessments the requirement for an audit of the supplier 
can be determined as part of the pre-qualification process. 
These audits are generally desk-top audits. On-site audits 
may be required if the material or service provided is 
particularly critical, or if there are any areas highlighted 
as a concern based on the desk-top assessment. 
For key categories of materials or services critical to 
Subsea7, a category management network has been set up. 
Each specific category management network comprises a 
category chairperson, sponsors, as well as HSE and quality 
leads. The roles and responsibilities of each category 
management network include regular engagement with the 
key category suppliers as well as periodic strategic reviews 
with Subsea7’s senior management based on regional and 
global strategy plans. 
Once qualified, suppliers are required to undergo regular 
performance reviews upon completion of certain work-
scopes, above a certain value, including on an annual basis 
for frame agreement suppliers, or if performance issues are 
identified. Suppliers’ status can be set to ‘under scrutiny’, 
when there are concerns regarding, among other things, 
HSE, quality, compliance, and business ethics or human 
rights issues. Agreed measures may be required to be 
implemented by the suppliers and progress monitored to 
ensure a satisfactory resolution before the ‘under scrutiny’ 
status can be removed. In severe cases, the supplier may 
be disqualified. For key category suppliers, the category 
chairperson typically leads the engagement with the 
suppliers and they are consulted prior to any status change. 
Subsea7 employs different payment terms for small and 
medium enterprises (SMEs) and non-SMEs. Refer to 
section ‘Payment practices (G1-6)’ on page 121 for details. 
The Group’s supply chain management function has 
established procedures to identify, assess and manage 
supply chain-related risks, including those that may affect 
sustainability matters, for more information see section 
‘Delivery and operational risks’ on page 43. In addition, 
social and environmental considerations are incorporated 
into the supplier pre-contract assessment framework. 
Prevention and detection of corruption/bribery 
(ESRS G1-3)
Our Business Ethics Programme
The Subsea7’s ABAC Programme lies at the heart of our 
Business Ethics Programme and is designed and implemented 
in accordance with international best practice, including: 
•
 The International Anti-Bribery Management System Standard
 
(ISO 37001-2016), which Subsea7 helped to develop 
•
 The UK Ministry of Justice Bribery Act 2024 guidance on 
Adequate Procedures to Prevent Bribery 
•
 US Department of Justice Evaluation of Corporate 
Compliance Programs. 
The principles and procedures of the Group’s Business 
Ethics Programme are outlined in Figure 4-1. 
Figure 4-1: Business Ethics Programme
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 117
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY


[page 120]
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Between 2016 and 2023, the ABAC programme was 
subject to independent assurance by GoodCorporationTM, 
a leading global ethics consultancy, whose assessments 
covered the whole of the Group. In 2024, the Programme 
was certified against ISO 37001 by EuroCompliance, an 
accredited, independent audit firm specialising in ISO 
37001. This certification was maintained through 2025. 
By pursuing ISO
 
37001 certification, Subsea7 aims to 
place itself in a position to encourage many of its suppliers 
to obtain certification as well. The objective is to promote 
convergence across our sector around a common 
standard and a common approach to assurance. In doing 
so, Subsea7 seeks to make assurance gathering efforts 
more coherent and efficient across the industry—reducing 
duplication, increasing comparability, and lowering overall 
costs. The Group will continue to support efforts that help 
this initiative gain broader traction, gathering efforts more 
coherent and efficient across the industry—reducing 
duplication, increasing comparability, and lowering overall 
costs. The Group will continue to support efforts that help 
this initiative gain broader traction. 
Although the programme has traditionally focused on 
Anti
-
Bribery and Anti
-
Corruption topics, as well as key 
compliance areas such as competition and antitrust, 
sanctions, export controls, and tax evasion, it also 
encompasses a wider business
-
ethics scope as articulated 
in the Group’s Ethics Policy Statement and the Code of 
Conduct. The Group is increasingly drawing on components 
of this programme (such as risk assessments, due diligence, 
training, and supply
-
chain management processes) to 
support further evolution of its programme for managing 
human rights risks – refer to section ‘Labour practices and 
human rights’ on page 98. 
Additional information on the Group’s Business Ethics 
Programme – covering, among other elements, Subsea7’s 
ABAC Programme – is presented in the sections below. 
Risk assessment and due diligence
The Group’s ABAC Programme is designed and 
implemented on the basis of a comprehensive, groupwide 
corruption risk assessment. This assessment considers 
the inherent risks associated with the industry, operating 
model, and the regions where Subsea7 conducts its 
business. Functions identified as the most exposed to 
corruption risks include those tasked with managing these 
risks (e.g., Supply Chain Management, Finance) as well 
as those engaged in higher risk activities (e.g., Business 
Development, Sales & Marketing, Project Delivery, and 
Operations). Individual country corruption risk assessments 
are performed by each region and updated annually. In 
addition, the Group’s CECO performs risk assessment 
by visiting regions, as well as meeting with high-risk third 
parties. A corruption risk assessment is conducted for 
projects in a high-risk countries (including associated third 
parties) and on entry into a new high-risk country. 
Risk assessments and due diligence are built into the 
Group’s supply chain management procedures as described 
in section ‘Corporate culture and business conduct policies 
(ESRS G1-1)’ on page 116, as well as the procedures for 
selecting and appointing business partners and managing 
other third parties. The main risk factors are country 
corruption risk (using the Transparency International 
Corruption Perceptions Index as a baseline), the type of 
services provided, whether the supplier or partner will 
interact with public officials on behalf of Subsea7 and how 
the supplier or partner is remunerated. 
The main bribery risks identified are described in the 
section ‘Compliance and ethics’ on page 39. 
The Code of Conduct and Clear Policies
The Business Ethics Programme is underpinned by the 
Ethics Policy Statement and Code of Conduct. Both 
documents are part of the Group’s Business Management 
System (BMS), compliance with which is mandatory, 
and they are regularly reviewed and updated. They are 
communicated to personnel via the annual Compliance and 
Ethics e-learning, various compliance and ethics bulletins, 
the intranet, Integrity Moments and the Global Integrity Day. 
In addition, the ABAC Programme includes the following 
policies and procedures not mentioned elsewhere in this 
summary, which all form part of the Group’s BMS: 
•
 Facilitation Payments Policy 
•
 Policy on Gifts and Hospitality 
•
 Gifts and Hospitality Register 
•
 Conflicts of Interest Register. 
The Group’s ABAC Policy builds on the principles set out in 
the Code of Conduct to provide additional guidance on the 
above topics, as well as on the following activities, which 
may
 
be
 
legitimate when properly conducted, but which can 
implicate bribery or corruption risks, which the policy aims 
to highlight and assist personnel to avoid and manage: 
•
 Community
 
engagement,
 
charitable
 
donations 
and
 
political
 
contributions 
•
 Dealings
 
and links
 
with public officials
 
and clients 
•
 Dealings with business partners 
•
 Lobbying 
•
 Commercial sponsorships. 
Communication, education and training
The Group provides compliance and ethics training to 
all relevant personnel to ensure that the Code of Conduct 
and the ABAC Programme are fully understood and 
properly applied and that all personnel understand 
and help to uphold the Group’s commitment to doing 
business ethically and with integrity. The training content 
is based on real-life cases where possible and relevant. 
The contents, target audience and scope of the training 
are approved by the Ethics Committee, and completion 
rates are included in the reports to the committees referred 
to in section ‘Monitoring, auditing and assurance’ on page 
120. The training is delivered by interactive e-learning. 
The training is overseen by the Group’s CECO, 
who also ensures that such training is reviewed 
and refreshed annually. 
ABAC Training
Although at-risk functions have been identified, the training 
is mandatory for all onshore (office-based) roles and 
offshore (worksites or vessel-based) individuals in at-risk 
roles. This includes all managers and any functions 
considered at-risk from an ABAC perspective. The training 
is also provided to external directors of companies within 
the Group, including the Board of Directors of Subsea 7 S.A. 
Details of ABAC training provided in 2025 are shown in 
Table 4-2. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025118
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT


[page 121]
Table 4-2 – ABAC training provided during 2025:
  Managers3 All other onshore staff4 Other offshore staff
in at-risk roles5 Directors6
Training coverage 1        
Total receiving 3,314 4,918 296 145
Total completing 3,314 4,894 279 144
% completed 100 1002 94 99
Delivery method and duration        
Compulsory, computer-based training 40 minutes 40 minutes 40 minutes 40 minutes
Frequency        
How often training is required Annually Annually Annually Annually
ABAC-related topics covered        
Facilitation payments
Speaking up
1. Training data includes Xodus, 4Subsea and Sonamet personnel.
2.
 Actual percentage is 99.5%
3.
 Managers are defined based on their career level in Subsea7’s job architecture s
tructure.
4.
 All other onshore roles are those who are not defined as managers.
5.
 Only offshore staff who are designated as being in at-risk roles were assigned t
he ABAC training.
6.
 Directors are defined as statutory directors of Subsea7 Group companies.
Table 4-3 – ABAC training provided during 2024:
  Managers3 All other onshore staff4 Other offshore staff
in at-risk roles5 Directors6
Training coverage (1)        
Total receiving 3,042 4,022 269 152
Total completing 3,036 4,015 261 149
% completed 100 2 100 2 97 98
Delivery method and duration        
Compulsory, computer-based training 40 minutes 40 minutes 40 minutes 40 minutes
Frequency        
How often training is required Annually Annually Annually Annually
ABAC-related topics covered        
Facilitation payments
Speaking up
1. Training data excludes Xodus and 4Subsea personnel.
2.
 Actual percentage is 99.8%.
3.
 Managers are defined based on their career level in Subsea7’s job architecture s
tructure.
4.
 All other onshore staff are those who are not defined as managers.
5.
 Only offshore staff who are designated as being in at-risk roles were assigned t
he ABAC training.
6.
 Directors are defined as statutory directors of Subsea7 Group companies.
7.
 Overall 56% of the total Group’s workforce completed the ABAC training.
The Group’s ABAC commitments and expectations are communicated to suppliers via a combination of due diligence 
questionnaires during pre-qualification, the Code of Conduct for Suppliers, the ABAC contract terms, and via annual Supplier 
Integrity Events. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 119
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY


[page 122]
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Whistleblowing channels and culture
The Speak Up Policy (which may also be referred to as a 
whistleblowing policy) is intended to supplement and help 
underpin the Code of Conduct. The Policy offers various 
channels for raising concerns, including an externally 
administered and monitored confidential reporting line 
(Safecall), which are promoted within Subsea7 and the 
supply chain. Everyone who works for Subsea7 is 
encouraged to utilise one of these reporting channels if 
they become aware of a possible breach of the Code of 
Conduct or have concerns in respect of unethical conduct. 
Anonymous allegations are also possible, where local law 
permits, and facilitated. Suppliers, business partners, and 
other third parties and stakeholders are also encouraged 
to Speak Up, if they do not believe the Group is upholding 
its Code of Conduct. 
The policy includes protection for whistleblowers who raise 
concerns in good faith, or on the basis of a reasonable 
belief, and a commitment in principle to investigate all 
concerns, if there is sufficient information available to 
design a just and fair investigation that has a reasonable 
chance of success. Subsea7’s Investigations Procedure is 
part of the Group ISO 37001-certified ABAC Programme. 
The Speak Up policy and confidential reporting line are 
usually included in the annual Business Ethics e-Learning 
and Global Integrity Day communications. Individuals who 
may be involved in investigating alleged breaches of the 
Code of Conduct receive appropriate training (which includes 
the Group Compliance and Ethics Investigations Procedure). 
Procedures and controls
All wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group have adopted 
and implemented the Code of Conduct and Business Ethics 
Programme, as part of the group wide BMS, which includes 
a system of financial and other internal controls consistent 
with a well-managed, publicly listed Group. This includes 
financial controls, delegation and control of authority 
via an authority level matrix, supply chain management 
procedures, and the application of International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS). 
The supply chain management procedures include, in 
addition to the information in section ‘Corporate culture 
and business conduct policies (ESRS G1-1)’ on page 116: 
•
 Due diligence screening for suppliers deemed medium- 
or high- corruption risk, using a third-party platform that 
screens for bribery and corruption, sanctions, human 
rights risks and other reputational risks 
•
 Differing levels of due diligence questionnaires designed 
to ascertain: 
•
 What corruption risks may be presented by the 
suppliers or their principals or beneficial owners, and 
•
 In the case of suppliers deemed high-risk, what 
assurance they can provide about their programme 
to manage the relevant corruption risks 
•
 An internal business and compliance justification 
questionnaire, designed to ascertain whether there are 
any corruption risks in connection with how and why the 
supplier was nominated 
•
 Escalation to, and approval by the relevant compliance 
officer, where there are unexplained red flags 
•
 Continuous monitoring via the screening functionality 
and periodic refresh of the questionnaires and approval 
process. Investigations, remediation and enforcement
Investigations, remediations and enforcement
Allegations or suspicions reported or detected via Safecall 
or any other channel are reported to the Group’s CECO, 
who records them in a case management system and 
oversees their investigation, in accordance with the Group’s 
Investigations Principles and Procedures. This includes 
ensuring the case is investigated by individuals who are 
appropriately independent and informed only on a need-to-
know basis. More serious cases require a higher degree of 
group-level oversight and involvement. 
Subsea7 uses the case management system to track Speak 
Up cases and other compliance and ethics investigation 
metrics, such as the number of reports received, the types 
of misconduct alleged or suspected, the outcome of the 
investigation and any remedial measures taken. This 
includes any disciplinary measures, including dismissals, 
and any police referrals where relevant. Subsea7 uses these 
metrics to assess areas for improvement in its programme, 
and the Group includes them in the reports to relevant 
executive and Board committees. Any convictions or fines 
imposed on the Group would be reported to the Oslo Stock 
Exchange and relevant regulators. 
Monitoring, auditing and assurance
Subsea7 regularly monitors and reviews its Business Ethics 
Programme to ensure it is up to date, properly implemented 
and continually improved, consistent with the Group’s 
Anti-Corruption Risk Management and Due Diligence 
and Assurance Framework. 
The Group’s CECO provides periodic reports to the Ethics 
Committee and the Corporate Governance, Nominations 
and Risk Committee, in addition to the Audit and Sustainability 
Committee. These committees review the strategy and 
objectives and agree priorities, assess metrics, and approve 
the Business Ethics Programme improvement initiatives. 
Subsea7’s internal audit function includes a review of 
elements of the Business Ethics Programme when 
undertaking audits of the Group’s operations. The CECO 
conducts regional visits, often accompanied by members 
of the Executive Management Team, to monitor the 
effectiveness of the Group’s Business Ethics Programme. 
Subsea7 monitors Speak Up and other compliance and 
ethics cases to identify potential control weaknesses or 
failures, or unethical behaviour. The CECO also has 
quarterly meetings with the Group’s external auditors. 
Subsea7 has commissioned reports on the design and 
effective implementation of the programme from expert 
independent assurance providers. Between 2016 and 2023 
the assessment was performed by GoodCorporation™. 
Since then, the design of the group-wide programme and 
its implementation across Subsea7’s business has been 
certified to ISO 37001:2016. The Group’s objective is to 
maintain this certification via a rolling programme of audits 
across a large sample of the Group’s sites. The certification 
was maintained at the end of 2025 as a result of the audits 
conducted by EuroCompliance in accordance with that plan. 
Culture and values
The Group’s Business Ethics Programme is underpinned 
by the Group’s culture and Values as described in the in the 
section ‘Corporate culture and business conduct policies 
(ESRS G1-1)’ on page 116. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025120
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT


[page 123]
Metrics and targets
Confirmed incidents of corruption or bribery 
(ESRS G1-4)
Allegations or suspicions reported or detected via Safecall 
or internal channels are reported to the Group’s CECO, who 
records them in a case management system and oversees 
their investigation in accordance with the Group’s 
Investigations Principles and Procedures. Subsea7 is 
therefore able to disclose how many cases that could, 
if substantiated, comprise active or passive bribery or 
corruption. For every case, Subsea7 tracks the outcome, 
including any potential control enhancements and disciplinary 
sanctions. If the Group believed that an employee may have 
committed a bribery or corruption offence, then there is a 
presumption that Subsea7 would refer the employee to the 
relevant law enforcement authorities. Subsea7 is not aware 
of any employees being convicted or fined during 2025 for 
a corruption or bribery offence, whether pursuant to such a 
referral or otherwise, for example, if an employee committed 
an offence other than in connection with their work for the 
Group, or of which Subsea7 was otherwise unaware. 
Any convictions or fines imposed on the Group would 
be reported to the Oslo Stock Exchange and relevant 
regulators. During 2025, there were no such convictions 
or fines, nor any public legal cases relating to bribery or 
corruption brought against the Group. 
Table 4-4 summarises all allegations or suspicions of 
corrupt behaviour that were investigated during 2025 
and 2024, including the outcome and any remedial or 
disciplinary actions taken. 
Table 4-4 – Incidents of corrupt behaviour
Category Incidents 
(2025)
Incidents 
(2024)
Number of confirmed incidents of 
corruption or bribery 2
2 11
Number of confirmed incidents in which 
own workers were dismissed or 
disciplined for corruption- or bribery-
related incidents
2
3 11
Number of confirmed incidents relating 
to contracts with business partners that 
were terminated or not renewed due to 
violations related to corruption or bribery
1
4 0
1. Procurement fraud
2.
 1 substantiated passive bribery case (supplier kickbacks), and 1 
substantiated expenses fraud case 
3.
 The two substantiated cases referred to above each resulted in 
dismissals 
4.
 The passive bribery case referred to above resulted in the supplier’s 
contract being terminated. 
Political influence and lobbying activities 
(ESRS G1-5)
The Group has a procedure for recording financial or  
in-kind political contributions within its accounting records, 
although the Group’s policy is not to make any contributions 
of this kind. There is no defined methodology for estimating 
the monetary value of any in-kind political contributions and 
none were made during 2025. 
In 2025, Subsea7 became a member of the International 
Association of Oil & Gas Producers (or IOGP) European 
Committee, which engages in lobbying activities, and 
continued its membership in International Marine 
Contractors Association (or IMCA), an organisation that 
also initiated lobbying efforts in 2025. IOGP comprises 
over 90 active members, and IMCA has over 800 members, 
therefore the lobbying activities of those organisations 
are not a direct representation of the Group’s position. 
Participation in these industry associations is subject to 
review and oversight by Subsea7’s Executive Committee. 
The Group’s lobbying activities focus on regulatory and 
safety standards relevant to offshore energy operations, 
aligning with Subsea7’s material impacts, risks, and 
opportunities identified in its materiality assessment. 
Subsea7’s position emphasises promoting safe, sustainable 
and efficient practices within the offshore sector, ensuring 
alignment with environmental and social governance 
objectives. The Group is not registered in any EU Member 
State or EU State transparency register. 
During 2025, no members of Subsea7’s administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies held a comparable 
position in public administration, including regulators, in 
the two years preceding such appointment. For further 
information on both political influence and lobbying activities 
addressed in the Group’s ABAC Policy, refer to the section 
‘Code of Conduct and clear policies’ on page 118. 
Payment practices (ESRS G1-6)
Subsea7’s standard payment terms are 45 days for 
suppliers globally, and approximately 40% of invoices 
cleared for payment in 2025 were contracted on these 
terms, similar to 2024.
However, reduced payment terms apply in the 
following instances: 
For certain material and service groups (MSGs), for 
example, port services, vessel charter parties and travel 
providers who have payment terms shorter than 30 days.
Where there are regional payment practices, for example, 
in the Netherlands, under Dutch law, large companies, such 
as Subsea7 must pay small and medium enterprises (SMEs) 
within 30 days of receipt of the invoice. 
As Subsea7 recognises the importance of cash flow to 
suppliers, 30-day terms are applied for small companies 
(typically with a headcount below 50 and turnover or a 
balance sheet below EUR10m).
The Group wholly owned subsidiary Xodus sets their 
payment terms at 30 days as standard. 
Metrics on contracted terms with suppliers, relating to invoices 
cleared for payment in 2025 (excluding Xodus data): 
•
 Shorter than 30 days – 2025: approximately 25% 
similar to 2024
•
 30 day terms or less – 2025: over 50%; 2024: over 60%. 
The reduction from 2024 is likely due to a change in 
criteria as to when 30 days is applicable. 
The overall average time for Subsea7 to pay invoices 
decreased from 42 days in 2024 to 40 days in 2025. 
For the Group’s UK entities that meet at least two of the 
following characteristics: annual revenue of GBP36 million, 
total assets of GBP18 million or 250 employees, Subsea7 
submits half-yearly payment practice reports, which can be 
accessed on https://www.gov.uk/check-when-businesses-
pay-invoices. 
Instances where supplier invoices are due and outstanding
 
for significant periods are typically managed and resolved at 
a project level. During 2025, no suppliers commenced legal 
proceedings against Subsea7 for late payment of invoices. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 121
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY


[page 124]
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Appendix
Disclosure requirements and incorporation by reference tables
Legend
SR Strategic Report REM  Remuneration Report SUS  Sustainability Statements
GOV
 
Governance CFS
 Consolidated Financial Statements
Table A1: Cross-cutting standards ESRS2
ESRS 2 General disclosures Section/report Page
BP-1 General basis for the preparation of the sustainability statement SUS 73
BP-2 Disclosures in relation to specific circumstances SUS 73
GOV-1 The role of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies GOV 73
GOV-2 Information provided to and sustainability matters addressed by the undertaking’s 
administrative, management and supervisory bodies SUS 74
GOV-3 Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive schemes REM 74
GOV-4 Statement on sustainability due diligence SUS 74
GOV-5 Risk management and internal controls over sustainability reporting SUS 74
SBM-1 Sustainability in our strategy, business model and value chain SR, SUS 75
Strategy, business model and value chain (headcount by country) SUS 105
Strategy, business model and value chain (breakdown of revenue) CFS 166
SBM-2 Interests and views of our stakeholders SUS 77
SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities (IROs) SUS 78
IRO-1 Materiality assessment SUS 79
IRO-2 Disclosure Requirements in ESRS covered by the undertaking’s sustainability statement SUS 80
Table A2: Topical standards ESRS E1
ESRS E1 Climate change Section/report Page
ESRS 2 
GOV-3 Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive scheme SUS 74
E1-1 Transition plan for climate change mitigation SUS 88
ESRS 2 
SBM-3 Resilience of the strategy and business model(s) SUS 88
ESRS 2 
IRO-1 Processes to identify and assess material climate-related impacts, risks and opportunities SUS 89
E1-2 Policies related to climate change mitigation and adaptation SUS 91
E1-3 Actions and resources in relation to climate change policies SUS 91
E1-4 Targets related to climate change mitigation and adaptation SUS 92
E1-5 Energy consumption and mix SUS 93
E1-6 Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and total GHG emissions SUS 94
E1-7 GHG removals and GHG mitigation projects financed through carbon credits SUS 96
E1-8 Internal carbon pricing SUS 96
E1-9 Potential financial effects from material physical and transition risks and potential climate-
related opportunities SUS 96
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025122
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT


[page 125]
Table A3: Topical standards ESRS S1
ESRS S1 Own workforce Section/report Page
ESRS 2 
SBM-2 Interests and views of stakeholders SUS 97
ESRS 2 
SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model SUS 98
S1-1 Policies related to own workforce SUS 98-
103
S1-2 Processes for engaging with own workers and workers’ representatives about impacts SUS 99
S1-3 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workforce to raise concerns SUS 99
S1-4 Taking action on material impacts on own workforce, and approaches to managing material risks 
and pursuing material opportunities related to own workforce, and effectiveness of those actions SUS 100-
107
S1-5 Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, 
and
 
managing material risks and opportunities SUS 101-
107
S1-6 Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees SUS 104-
108
S1-7 Characteristics of non-employees in the undertaking’s own workforce SUS 108
S1-8 Collective bargaining coverage and social dialogue SUS 108
S1-9 Diversity indicators SUS 106
S1-10 Adequate wages SUS 101
S1-11 Social protection SUS 108
S1-12 Persons with disabilities SUS 108
S1-13 Training and skills development metrics SUS 108
S1-14 Health and safety metrics SUS 103
S1-15 Work-life balance metrics SUS 108
S1-16 Compensation indicators (pay gap and total compensation) SUS 101
S1-17 Incidents, complaints and severe human rights impacts SUS 101
Table A4: Topical standards ESRS S2
ESRS S2 Workers in the value chain Section/report Page
ESRS 2 
SBM-2 Interests and views of our stakeholders SUS 109
ESRS 2 
SBM-3
Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and 
business model(s) SUS 109
S2-1 Policies related to value chain workers SUS 109
S2-2 Processes for engaging with value chain workers about impacts SUS 110
S2-3 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for value chain workers 
to
 
raise
 
concerns SUS 111
S2-4
Taking action on material impacts on value chain workers, and approaches to managing 
material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to value chain workers, 
and
 
effectiveness of those actions
SUS 112
S2-5 Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, 
and
 
managing material risks and opportunities SUS 114
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 123
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY


[page 126]
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Table A5: Topical standards ESRS G1
ESRS G1 Business conduct Section/report Page
ESRS 2, 
GOV-1 The role of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies SUS 115
ESRS 2, 
IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess material impacts, risks and opportunities SUS 115
G1-1 Corporate culture and business conduct policies SUS 116
G1-2 Management of relationships with suppliers SUS 115
G1-3 Prevention and detection of corruption and bribery SUS 117
G1-4 Incidents of corruption or bribery SUS 121
G1-5 Political influence and lobbying activities SUS 121
G1-6 Payment practices SUS 121
Datapoints that derive from other EU legislation
Legend
GOV – Governance SBM – Strategy and Business Model SFDR – Sustainable Finance 
Disclosure Regulation
EUCL – EU Climate Law P3 – EBA Pillar 3 disclosure requirements BRR – Climate Benchmark 
Standards Regulation
Table A6: Datapoints that derive from other EU legislation
Disclosure requirement Data point Legislation Page
ESRS 2, GOV-1 21 (d) Board’s gender diversity SFDR/BRR 48
Percentage of board members who are independent BRR 48
ESRS 2, GOV-4 30 Statement on due diligence SFDR 127
ESRS 2, SBM-1 40 (d) (i) Involvement in activities related to fossil fuel activities SFDR/P3/
BRR 76
40 (d) (ii) Involvement in activities related to chemical production SFDR/BRR
40 (d) (iii) Involvement in activities related to controversial weapons SFDR/BRR
40 (d) (iv) Involvement in activities related to cultivation and production 
of
 
tobacco BRR
ESRS E1-1 14 Transition plan to reach climate neutrality by 2050 EUCL 88
16 (g) Undertakings excluded from Paris-aligned benchmarks P3/BRR
ESRS E1-4 34 GHG emission reduction targets SFDR/P3/
BRR 92
ESRS E1-5 38 Energy consumption from fossil sources disaggregated by 
sources (only high climate impact sectors SFDR 93-94
37 Energy consumption and mix SFDR
40-43 Energy intensity associated with activities in high climate 
impact
 
sectors SFDR
ESRS E1-6 44 Gross scope 1, 2, 3, and total GHG emissions SFDR/P3/
BRR 95
53-55 Gross GHG emissions intensity SFDR/P3/
BRR
ESRS E1-7 56 GHG removals and carbon credits EUCL 96
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025124
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT


[page 127]
Disclosure requirement Data point Legislation Page
ESRS E1-9 66 Exposure of the benchmark portfolio to climate-related 
physical risks BRR 96
66 (a); 66 
(c)
Disaggregation of monetary amounts by acute and chronic 
physical risk; location of significant assets at material 
physical risk
P3/BRR 96
ESRS E1-9 67 (c) Breakdown of the carrying value of its real estate assets by 
energy-efficiency classes P3
69 Degree of exposure of the portfolio to climate-
related opportunities BRR 96
ESRS E2-4 28 Amount of each pollutant listed in annex II of the E-PRTR 
regulation emitted to air, water, and soil SFDR n/a
ESRS E3-1 9 Water and marine resources SFDR
13 Dedicated policy SFDR n/a
14 Sustainable oceans and seas SFDR
ESRS E3-4 28 (c) Total water recycled and reused SFDR
29 Total water consumption in m
3 per net revenue on own operations SFDR n/a
ESRS E4, 
SBM-3 16 (a) (i) Activities negatively affecting biodiversity-sensitive areas SFDR n/a
(ESRS2) 16 (b) Land degradation, desertification, or soil sealing SFDR
16 (c) Threatened species SFDR
ESRS E4-2 24 (b) Sustainable land/agriculture practices or policies SFDR
24 (c) Sustainable oceans/seas practices or policies SFDR n/a
24 (d) Policies to address deforestation SFDR
ESRS E5-5 37 (d) Non-recycled waste SFDR 97
39 Hazardous waste and radioactive waste SFDR-
ESRS S1, SBM-3 14 (f) Risk of incidents of forced labour SFDR
(ESRS 2) 14 (g) Risk of incidents of child labour SFDR 97
ESRS S1-1 20 Human rights policy commitment SFDR
21 Due diligence policies on issues addressed by the fundamental 
International Labour Organisation Conventions 1 to 8 BRR
98-101
22 Processes and measures for preventing trafficking in 
human beings SFDR
23 Workplace accident prevention policy or management system SFDR
ESRS S1-3 32 (c) Grievance/complaints-handling mechanisms SFDR 102
ESRS S1-14 88 (b) 
and
 
(c)
Number of fatalities and number and rate of work-
related accidents SFDR/BRR 103
88 (e) Number of days lost to injuries, accidents, fatalities, or illness SFDR
ESRS S1-16 97 (a) Unadjusted gender pay gap SFDR/BRR 101
97 (b) Excessive CEO pay ratio SFDR
ESRS S1-17 103 (a) Incidents of discrimination SFDR
104 (a) Non-respect of UNGPs on Business & Human Rights, 
ILO principles, or OECD guidelines SFDR/BRR 101
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 125
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY


[page 128]
Disclosure requirement Data point Legislation Page
ESRS S2, SBM-3 
(ESRS 2) 11 (b) Significant risk of child labour or forced labour in the value chain SFDR 111
ESRS S2-1 17 Human rights policy commitments SFDR 109
18 Policies related to value chain workers SFDR
19 Non-respect of UNGPs on Business & Human Rights, 
ILO principles, or OECD guidelines SFDR/BRR
19 Due diligence policies on issues addressed by the fundamental 
International Labour Organisation Conventions 1 to 8 BRR
ESRS S2-4 36 Human rights issues and incidents connected to its upstream 
and downstream value chain SFDR 111-112
ESRS S3-1 16 Human rights policy commitments SFDR n/a
17 Non-respect of UNGPs on Business & Human Rights, 
ILO principles, or OECD guidelines SFDR/BRR
ESRS S3-4 36 Human rights issues and incidents SFDR n/a
ESRS S4-1 16 Policies related to consumers and end-users SFDR n/a
17 Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and Human Rights 
and OECD guidelines SFDR/BRR
ESRS S4-4 45 Human rights issues and incidents SFDR n/a
ESRS G1-4 10 (b) United Nations Convention against Corruption SFDR
10 (d) Protection of whistleblowers SFDR 120-121
ESRS G1-4 24 (a) Fines for violation of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws SFDR/BRR 120-21
24 (b) Standards of anti-corruption and anti-bribery SFDR
Statement on sustainability due diligence
Table A7: statement on sustainability due diligence
Core elements of due diligence Paragraphs and pages in the Sustainability Statements or Management Report 
Embedding sustainability due diligence in governance, 
strategy and business model
Governance – page 48
Board of Directors and Executive Management Team – 
pages 48 and 50-53 respectively
Engaging with affected stakeholders Table 1-2 pages 77-78
Identifying and assessing adverse impacts
Table 2-6 page 90 (ESRS E1)
Table 3-1 page 97 (ESRS S1)
Table 3-12 page 111 (ESRS S2)
Table 4-1 page 116 (ESRS G1)
Taking action to address those adverse impacts
For ESRS E1 – page 88, 91-92
For ESRS S1 – pages 100, 112-114
For ESRS S2 – page 111
For ESRS G1 – pages 117-118
Tracking the effectiveness of these efforts and communicating
For ESRS E1 – page 89, 92
For ESRS S1 – pages 101-102
For ESRS S2 – page 114
For ESRS G1 – page 121
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 2025126
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT


[page 129]
LIMITED ASSURANCE 
REPORT ON SUSTAINABILITY 
INFORMATION
To the Board of Directors 
Subsea 7 S.A.  
412F, route d’Esch 
L-1471 Luxembourg
Limited Assurance Conclusion 
We have conducted a limited assurance engagement on the 
Sustainability Statement of Subsea 7 S.A. (the “Company”), 
included in section “Sustainability Statements” of the 
Annual Report (the “Sustainability Statement”), for the year 
ended December 31, 2025. 
Based on the procedures we have performed and the 
evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our 
attention that causes us to believe that the accompanying 
Sustainability Statement is not prepared, in all material 
respects, in accordance with articles 29(a) of the EU 
Directive 2013/34/EU (“the Directive”) including: 
•
 compliance with the European Sustainability Reporting 
Standards (“ESRS”), including that the process carried 
out by the Company to identify the information reported 
(the “Process”) is in accordance with the description set 
out in note ESRS 2 IRO-1 
•
 compliance of the disclosures in “EU Taxonomy”
 
within the environmental section of the Sustainability 
Statement with Article 8 of EU Regulation 2020/852 
(the “Taxonomy Regulation”) 
•
 prepared taking into consideration the Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2025/1416.
Basis for Limited Assurance Conclusion 
We conducted our limited assurance engagement in 
accordance with International Standard on Assurance 
Engagements 3000 (revised) (“ISAE 3000”), Assurance 
Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical 
Financial Information, established by the International 
Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (“IAASB”) as 
adopted for Luxembourg by the Institut des Réviseurs 
d’Entreprises (“IRE”). 
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
conclusion. Our responsibilities under this standard are 
further described in the réviseur d’entreprises section of 
our report. 
Our Independence and Quality 
Management 
We have complied with the independence and other 
ethical requirements of the International Code of Ethics 
for Professional Accountants, including International 
Independence Standards, issued by the International 
Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code) 
as adopted for Luxembourg by the “Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier” (CSSF), which is 
founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, 
professional competence and due care, confidentiality and 
professional behaviour. 
Our firm applies International Standard on Quality 
Management (”ISQM”) 1, Quality Management for Firms 
that Perform Audits or Reviews of Financial Statements, 
or Other Assurance or Related Services Engagements, 
as adopted for Luxembourg by the CSSF, which requires 
the firm to design, implement and operate a system 
of quality management, including policies or procedures 
regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional 
standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors 
for the Sustainability Statement 
The Board of Directors of the Company is responsible 
for designing, implementing and maintaining a process 
to identify the information reported in the Sustainability 
Statement in accordance with the ESRS and for disclosing 
this Process in note IRO-1 of the sustainability statements. 
This responsibility includes: 
•
 understanding the context in which the Subsea 7’s 
activities and business relationships take place and 
developing an understanding of its affected stakeholders; 
•
 the identification of the actual and potential impacts 
(both negative and positive) related to sustainability 
matters, as well as risks and opportunities that affect, 
or could reasonably be expected to affect, the entity’s 
financial position, financial performance, cash flows, 
access to finance or cost of capital over the short-, 
medium-, or long-term; 
•
 assessment of the materiality of the identified impacts, 
risks and opportunities related to sustainability matters by 
selecting and applying appropriate thresholds; and 
•
 making assumptions that are reasonable in 
the circumstances. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 127
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY


[page 130]
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS CONTINUED
The Board of Directors of the Company is further 
responsible for the preparation of the Sustainability 
Statement in accordance with the article 29(2) of the 
EU Directive 2013/34/EU, which includes the information 
identified by the Process, including: 
•
 compliance with the ESRS; 
•
 preparing the disclosures in “EU Taxonomy” within the 
environmental section of the Sustainability Statement, 
in compliance with Article 8 of EU Regulation 2020/852 
(the “Taxonomy Regulation”); 
•
 designing, implementing and maintaining such internal 
control that Board of Directors determines is necessary 
to enable the preparation of the Sustainability Statement 
that is free from material misstatement, whether due to 
fraud or error; and 
•
 the selection and application of appropriate sustainability 
reporting methods and making assumptions and 
estimates that are reasonable in the circumstances. 
Inherent limitations in preparing the 
Sustainability Statement 
In reporting forward looking information in accordance with 
ESRS, the Board of Directors of the Company is required 
to prepare the forward looking information on the basis of 
disclosed assumptions about events that may occur in the 
future and possible future actions by the Company. Actual 
outcome is likely to be different since anticipated events 
frequently do not occur as expected. 
In determining the disclosures in the Sustainability 
Statement, the Board of Directors of the Company 
interprets undefined legal and other terms. Undefined 
legal and other terms may be interpreted differently, 
including the legal conformity of their interpretation 
and, accordingly, are subject to uncertainties. 
Responsibility of the Réviseur d’entreprises 
Our responsibility is to plan and perform the assurance 
engagement to obtain limited assurance about whether 
the Sustainability Statement is free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue 
a limited assurance report that includes our conclusion. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, 
they could reasonably be expected to influence decisions 
of users taken on the basis of the Sustainability Statement 
as a whole. 
As part of a limited assurance engagement in accordance 
with ISAE 3000, we exercise professional judgement and 
maintain professional scepticism throughout the engagement. 
Our responsibilities in respect of the Sustainability 
Statement, in relation to the Process, include: 
•
 Performing risk assessment procedures, including 
obtaining an understanding of internal control relevant 
to the engagement, to identify risks that the process to 
identify the information reported in the Sustainability 
Statement does not address the applicable requirements 
of the ESRS, but not for the purpose of providing a 
conclusion on the effectiveness of the Process, including 
the outcome of the Process. 
•
 Designing and performing procedures to evaluate 
whether the Process to identify the information reported 
in the Sustainability Statement is consistent with the 
Company’s description of its Process, as disclosed in 
note ESRS 2 IRO-1. 
Our other responsibilities in respect of the Sustainability 
Statement include: 
•
 Performing risk assessment procedures, including 
obtaining an understanding of internal control relevant to 
the engagement, to identify where material misstatements
 
are likely to arise, whether due to fraud or error, but not 
for the purpose of providing a conclusion on the 
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control; and 
•
 Designing and performing procedures responsive to 
where material misstatements are likely to arise in the 
Sustainability Statement. The risk of not detecting a 
material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher 
than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
The procedures performed in a limited assurance 
engagement vary in nature and form, and are less in 
extent than for, a reasonable assurance engagement. 
Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited 
assurance engagement is substantially lower than the 
assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable 
assurance engagement been performed. 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025128
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT


[page 131]
Summary of the work performed 
A limited assurance engagement involves performing 
procedures to obtain evidence about the Sustainability 
Statement. The procedures performed in a limited 
assurance engagement vary in nature and form, and 
are less in extent than for, a reasonable assurance 
engagement. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained 
in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower 
than the assurance that would have been obtained had 
a reasonable assurance engagement been performed. 
The nature, timing and extent of procedures selected 
depend on professional judgement, including identification 
of disclosures where material misstatements are likely to 
arise in the Sustainability Statement, whether due to fraud 
or error. 
In conducting our limited assurance engagement, with respect 
of the Process, we: 
•
 Obtained an understanding of the Process by
•
 p
erforming inquiries to understand the sources of 
the information used by management (e.g., stakeholder 
engagement, business plans and strategy 
documents); and 
•
 reviewing the Company’s internal documentation of its 
Process; and 
•
 Evaluated whether the evidence obtained from our 
procedures about the Process implemented by the 
Company was consistent with the description of the 
Process set out in note ESRS 2 IRO- 1.
In conducting our limited assurance engagement, with 
respect to the Sustainability Statement, we: 
•
 Obtained an understanding of the Company’s reporting 
processes relevant to the preparation of its Sustainability 
Statement by conducting interviews with the Company’s 
key personnel; 
•
 Evaluated whether all information identified by the 
Process to identify the information reported in the 
Sustainability Statement is included in the Sustainability 
Statement; 
•
 Evaluated whether the structure and the presentation of 
the Sustainability Statement is 
in accordance with the ESRS; 
•
 Performed inquires of relevant personnel and 
analytical procedures on selected disclosures in 
the Sustainability Statement; 
•
 Performed substantive assurance procedures based 
on a sample basis on selected disclosures in the 
Sustainability Statement; 
•
 Compared selected disclosures in the Sustainability 
Statement with the corresponding disclosures in the 
financial statements and Annual report; 
•
 Evaluated the methods assumptions and data for 
developing estimates and forward looking information; 
•
 Obtained an understanding of the process to identify 
taxonomy-eligible and taxonomy-aligned economic 
activities and the corresponding disclosures in the 
Sustainability Statement; 
Other information
The Board of Directors of the Company is responsible for 
the other information. The other information comprises 
the Strategic Report, Governance, Consolidated Financial 
Statements, Subsea 7 S.A. Financial Statements, Other 
information included in the consolidated Company’s 2025 
Annual report but does not include the Sustainability 
Information and our assurance report thereon. 
Our conclusion on the Sustainability Statement does 
not cover the other information and we do not express 
any form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
In connection with our limited assurance engagement on 
the Sustainability Statement, our responsibility is to read the 
other information identified above and, in doing so, consider 
whether the other information is materially inconsistent with 
the Sustainability Statement or our knowledge obtained in 
the limited assurance engagement, or otherwise appears 
to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we 
have performed, we conclude that there is a material 
misstatement of this other information, we are required to 
report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. 
Ernst & Young
Société anonyme 
Cabinet de révision agréé 
Emmanuel Mareschal
Luxembourg, 25 February 2026
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 129
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY


[page 132]
 
FINANCIAL REVIEW  
 
 
 
 Financial  Review  Page  
Management Report for Subsea7 Group (the Group)  131 
Management Report for Subsea 7 S.A. (the Company)  137 
 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025130
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 133]
 
FINANCIAL REVIEW  
 
 
 
 Financial  Review  Page  
Management Report for Subsea7 Group (the Group)  131 
Management Report for Subsea 7 S.A. (the Company)  137 
 
 
131  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
Management Report for Subsea7 Group (the Group)  
Financial highlights  
At a glance 
• Full year Adjusted EBITDA of $1,480 million, up 36% on the prior year, equating to a margin of 21%  
• Free cash flow generation in 2025 of $1.2 billion resulting in net cash of $21 million including lease liabilities of $365 million  
• Dividend of NOK 13 .00 per share, equating to approximately $ 400 million and payable in one instalment in May 2026  
• High - quality backlog of $13.8 billion including $6.9 billion for execution in 2026 , providing high  revenue visibility on the 
next  twelve months . A  backlog of $4.3 billion for execution in 2027, up 27% compared with the prior year equivalent  
• Guidance for full year 2026 reaffirmed, with revenue expected to be within a range of $7.0 billion to $ 7.4 billion, with 
Adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 22%  
(a)  For explanations and reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Backlog, Book- to - bill ratio and Net cash/( debt ) refer to the 
‘Alternative Performance Measures’ section  on page 21 1. 
(b)  For the explanation and a reconciliation of diluted earnings per share refer to Note 11 ‘Earnings per share’ to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
202 5 Summary  
R evenue was $7.1 billion, up 4% from 2024. Adjusted EBITDA of $1,480 million equated to a margin of 2 1%, up from 1 6 % 
in  2024. After depreciation, amortisation and impairment charges of $710 million, net operating income was $771 million, 
equating to 1 1% of revenue, up from 7 % in 2024. After net foreign exchange losses of $84 million, net finance costs of 
$65  million and an effective tax rate of 35%, net income was $404 million.  
The Subsea and Conventional business unit achieved its fifth consecutive year of growth with revenue rising by 5% to 
$5.8  billion in 2025 and an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 23% , up from 16% in 2024 . The Renewables business unit also 
reported solid results marking a third year of progress, with growth in Adjusted EBITDA of 9% and a margin of 1 7 %, up from 
15% last  year.  
Net cash generated from operating activities was $1,471 million, including a $234 million favourable movement in net working 
capital. Net cash used in investing activities was $214 million, including $281 million related to purchases of property, plant 
and  equipment. Net cash used in financing activities was $874 million including dividend payments of $376 million and lease 
payments of $292  million. During the year, cash and cash equivalents increased by $394 million to $970 million.  
At 31 December 2025, backlog was $13.8 billion. Full year order intake was $9.0 billion comprising new awards of $7.0 billion 
and escalations of $2.0 billion resulting in a book - to - bill ratio of 1.3 times.  
During the year the Company  paid dividends of $ 376 million, equivalent to NOK  13 .00 per share. 
 
  
In $ millions, except Adjusted EBITDA margin and per share data  
202 5 
31 Dec  
202 4 
31 Dec  
Revenue  7,086  6,837  
Adjusted EBITDA (a) 1,480 1,090  
Adjusted EBITDA margin (a)  21%  16%  
Net operating income  771  446  
Net income  404  217  
   
   
Earnings per share – in $ per share    
Basic  1.39  0.68  
Diluted (b)  1.38  0.67  
   
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Backlog (a)  13,769  11,175  
Book - to - bill ratio (a)  1.3x  1.2x  
Cash and cash equivalents  970  575  
Borrowings  (584)  (722)  
Net cash/( debt ) excluding lease liabilities (a)  386  (147)  
Net cash/( debt ) including lease liabilities (a)  21  (602)  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 131
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 134]
FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED  
132  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
Commitment to shareholder returns 
At the Annual General Meeting on 12 May 2026, the Board of Directors will propose a dividend of NOK 13.00 per share, 
equating to approximately $400 million, payable in May 2026. This is equivalent to an approximate dividend yield of 5%.  
Outlook 
While regulatory clearance for the proposed merger with Saipem S.p.A. is still in progress, management remains firmly 
committed to delivering ongoing projects to clients and continuing to secure new high - quality contracts.  
With a robust backlog of nearly $14 billion, there is high visibility on anticipated revenue for 2026 of approximately $7.0 billion 
to $ 7.4 billion . Management expects the Adjusted EBITDA margin to continue to improve and reach approximately 22% in 
2026. With a disciplined approach to reinvestment, management expects capital expenditure of $350  million  to $ 380 million 
in 2026, yielding another year of significant cash generation.  
Overall, management are confident that the resilience of the energy market, combined with the Group's differentiated 
offering and strong track record of delivery, continues to position Subsea7 for success.  
Income statement  
Revenue  
Revenue for the year ended 31 December 2025 was $7.1 billion, an increase of $249 million or 4% compared to the prior 
year. The increase was due to higher activity levels in the Subsea and Conventional business unit with continued strong 
demand for the Group’s services within the offshore oil and gas sector.  
Adjusted EBITDA  
Adjusted EBITDA was $1.5 billion, an increase of $390 million or 36% compared to the year ended 31 December 2024, 
resulting in an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 21% compared to 16% in the prior year. The year- on - year increase was driven 
by  higher Adjusted EBITDA in both the Subsea and Conventional and Renewables business units reflecting high activity 
levels and the execution of projects awarded at improved margins.  
Net operating income 
Net operating income was $771 million compared to $446 million in the prior year. Net operating income for the year ended 
31 December 2025 was mainly driven by:  
• net operating income of $762 million in the Subsea and Conventional business unit compared to $404 million in the year 
ended 31 December 2024. The year- on - year increase in profitability was mainly driven by higher activity levels and the 
execution of proje cts awarded at improved margins;  
• net operating income of $75 million in the Renewables business unit compared to net operating income of $53 million 
in  the prior year  
partly offset by:  
• net operating loss of $67 million in the Corporate  business unit.  
Net income  
Net income was $404 million compared to $217 million in the prior year. The year - on - year improvement of $188 million was 
mainly driven by:  
• an increase in net operating income of $325 million;  
• net finance cos ts of $65 million for the year ended 31 December 2025, compared with net finance costs of $77 million in 
the prior year  
partly offset by:  
• net loss within other gains and losses of $84 million, driven by losses on non - cash foreign exchange, compared to net 
loss  within other gains and losses of $1 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, driven by non - cash foreign 
exchange  gains partly offset by losses on foreign exchange; and  
• taxation of $218 million, equivalent to an effective tax rate of 35%, compared to taxation of $152 million in the prior year, 
equivalent to an effective tax rate  of 41% . 
Earnings per share  
Diluted earnings per share was $1.38 compared to $0.67 in the year ended 31 December 2024, calculated using a weighted 
average number of shares of 298  million and 300 million, respectively.  
 
 
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025132
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 135]
FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED  
132  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
Commitment to shareholder returns 
At the Annual General Meeting on 12 May 2026, the Board of Directors will propose a dividend of NOK 13.00 per share, 
equating to approximately $400 million, payable in May 2026. This is equivalent to an approximate dividend yield of 5%.  
Outlook 
While regulatory clearance for the proposed merger with Saipem S.p.A. is still in progress, management remains firmly 
committed to delivering ongoing projects to clients and continuing to secure new high - quality contracts.  
With a robust backlog of nearly $14 billion, there is high visibility on anticipated revenue for 2026 of approximately $7.0 billion 
to $ 7.4 billion . Management expects the Adjusted EBITDA margin to continue to improve and reach approximately 22% in 
2026. With a disciplined approach to reinvestment, management expects capital expenditure of $350  million  to $ 380 million 
in 2026, yielding another year of significant cash generation.  
Overall, management are confident that the resilience of the energy market, combined with the Group's differentiated 
offering and strong track record of delivery, continues to position Subsea7 for success.  
Income statement  
Revenue  
Revenue for the year ended 31 December 2025 was $7.1 billion, an increase of $249 million or 4% compared to the prior 
year. The increase was due to higher activity levels in the Subsea and Conventional business unit with continued strong 
demand for the Group’s services within the offshore oil and gas sector.  
Adjusted EBITDA  
Adjusted EBITDA was $1.5 billion, an increase of $390 million or 36% compared to the year ended 31 December 2024, 
resulting in an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 21% compared to 16% in the prior year. The year- on - year increase was driven 
by  higher Adjusted EBITDA in both the Subsea and Conventional and Renewables business units reflecting high activity 
levels and the execution of projects awarded at improved margins.  
Net operating income 
Net operating income was $771 million compared to $446 million in the prior year. Net operating income for the year ended 
31 December 2025 was mainly driven by:  
• net operating income of $762 million in the Subsea and Conventional business unit compared to $404 million in the year 
ended 31 December 2024. The year- on - year increase in profitability was mainly driven by higher activity levels and the 
execution of proje cts awarded at improved margins;  
• net operating income of $75 million in the Renewables business unit compared to net operating income of $53 million 
in  the prior year  
partly offset by:  
• net operating loss of $67 million in the Corporate  business unit.  
Net income  
Net income was $404 million compared to $217 million in the prior year. The year - on - year improvement of $188 million was 
mainly driven by:  
• an increase in net operating income of $325 million;  
• net finance cos ts of $65 million for the year ended 31 December 2025, compared with net finance costs of $77 million in 
the prior year  
partly offset by:  
• net loss within other gains and losses of $84 million, driven by losses on non - cash foreign exchange, compared to net 
loss  within other gains and losses of $1 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, driven by non - cash foreign 
exchange  gains partly offset by losses on foreign exchange; and  
• taxation of $218 million, equivalent to an effective tax rate of 35%, compared to taxation of $152 million in the prior year, 
equivalent to an effective tax rate  of 41% . 
Earnings per share  
Diluted earnings per share was $1.38 compared to $0.67 in the year ended 31 December 2024, calculated using a weighted 
average number of shares of 298  million and 300 million, respectively.  
 
 
  
 
 
133 Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
Business unit highlights   
For the year ended 31 December 2025  
(in $ millions) Unaudited   
Subsea and 
Conventional  Renewables  Corporate  Total  
Revenue       
Fixed - price projects   4, 974.0  1, 214.1  18 .8  6, 206.9  
Day - rate projects   785.6  –  93 .8  879.4  
  5, 759.6  1,214.1 112 .6 7,086.3  
Net operating income/(loss)   76 2.0 75 .3 ( 66.6)  770.7  
Finance income      22.8  
Other gains and losses      ( 84.4 )  
Finance costs      ( 87.3 )  
Income before taxes      621.8  
Adjusted EBITDA (a)   1,304.5  201.6  (25.7)  1, 480.4  
Adjusted EBITDA margin (a)   22. 6 %  16.6%  (22.8%)  20 .9%  
For the year ended 31 December 2024  
(in $ millions) Unaudited   
Subsea and 
Conventional  Renewables  Corporate  Total  
Revenue       
Fixed - price projects   4,815.1  1,190.8  16.8  6,022.7  
Day - rate projects   684.9  41.6  87.8  814.3  
  5,500.0  1,232.4  104.6  6,837.0  
Net operating income/(loss)   403.5  53.4  (11.4)  445.5  
Finance income      24.4  
Other gains and losses      (0.5)  
Finance costs      (101.2)  
Income before taxes      368.2  
Adjusted EBITDA (a)   897.3  185.0  7.8  1,090.1  
Adjusted EBITDA margin (a)   16.3%  15.0%  7.5%  15.9%  
(a)  Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are non - IFRS measures. For explanations and reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted 
EBITDA margin refer to the ‘Alternative Performance Measures’ section on page 21 1. 
Business u nit h ighlights   
Subsea and Conventional 
Revenue for the year ended 31 December 2025 was $5.8 billion, an increase of $260 million compared to the prior year.  
During the year, CLOV 3 (Angola); Barossa (Australia); CRPO - 80/81 and Marjan 2 (Saudi Arabia); Murlach (UK); Northern 
Lights Phase 1 and Ormen Lange Phase 3 (Norway); Salamanca, Sunspear and Shenandoah (US) neared completion.  
Work progressed on Ginger and Zepherus (US); CRPO - 153 (Saudi Arabia); Irpa, Skarv Satellites, and Yggdrasil (Norway); 
Sakarya phase 2a and phase 3 (Türkiye).  
In Brazil, there were high levels of utilisation of the PLSVs. Bacalhau neared completion and work progressed on Mero 3&4, 
Búzios 8  and  Búzios 9.  
Net operating income for the year ended 31 December 2025 was $762 million compared to $404 million in the prior year. 
The  year - on - year increase reflected the execution of projects awarded at improved margins and the Group’s share of net 
income in its associate, OneSubsea, of $33 million.  
Renewables  
Revenue for the year ended 31 December 2025 was $1.2 billion, flat compared to the prior year.  
During the year, Dogger Bank B and Dogger Bank C (UK); He Dreiht (Germany); Revolution (US) and Yunlin and Zhong Neng 
(Taiwan) neared completion. Work progressed on Baltyk II & Balytk III Cables (Poland); East Anglia THREE and Inch Cape 
(UK); and Hai Long (Taiwan).  
Net operating income for the year ended 31 December 2025 was $75 million, an increase of $22 million compared to the 
prior year.  
Corporate 
Revenue, which was mainly driven by Xodus and 4Subsea, was $113 million, compared to $105 million in the prior year. Net operating 
loss was $67 million compared to $11 million in the prior year driven mainly by discontinuation costs of an asset related pro ject , 
professional fees related to the proposed merger with Saipem S.p.A.  and impairment charges of $21 million (2024: $1 million).   
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 133
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 136]
FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED  
134  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
Vessel utilisation and fleet 
Vessel utilisation for the year ended 31 December 2025 was 84% compared with 86% for the prior year.  
Backlog 
At 31 December 2025, backlog was $13.8 billion. Full year order intake was $9.0 billion comprising new awards of $7.0 billion 
and escalations of $2.0 billion resulting in a book - to - bill ratio of 1.3 times.  
$11.7 billion of backlog related to the Subsea and Conventional business unit (which included $1.3 billion related to long - term 
day - rate contracts for PLSVs in Brazil) and $2.1 billion related to the Renewables business unit. $6.9  billion of the backlog is  
expected to be executed in 2026, $4.3 billion in 2027 and $2.6 billion in 2028 and thereafter. Backlog related to associates 
and joint ventures is excluded from these amounts.  
Cash flow 
Cash flow statement   
Cash and cash equivalents were $970 million at 31 December 2025, an increase of $394 million in the year. The movement in 
cash and cash equivalents was mainly attributable to:  
• net cash generated from operating activities  of $1.5 billion, which included a favourable movement of $234 million in net 
working capital  
partly offset by:  
• net cash used in investing activities of $214 million, comprising $281 million related to purchases of property, plant and eq uipment 
and intangible assets partly offset by $41 million dividends received from the Group’s associate, OneSubsea; and  
• net cash  used in financing activities of $874 million, which included $376 million related to dividends paid to the 
shareholders of the parent company, payments related to lease liabilities of $292 million and net repayment of borrowings 
of $139 million.   
Free cash flow 
During  the year, the Group generated free cash flow of $1.2 billion (2024: $583 million) which is defined as net cash generated  
from operating activities of $1.5 billion (2024: $931  million) less purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible 
assets of $281 million (2024: $349 million).   
Balance sheet at 31 December 2025  
Non -current assets 
N on - current assets were $4.9 billion (31 December 2024: $5.2 billion). The decrease of $297 million was largely driven by a 
$201 million decrease in property, plant and equipment, of which $94 million was recognised within assets included in a dispo sal  
group classified as held for sale, and a $91 million decrease in right - of - use assets.  
Non -current liabilities 
T otal non - current liabilities were $0.8 billion (31 December 2024: $1.0 billion). The decrease of $184 million was largely driven 
by $181 million reclassified to current borrowings in line with repayment schedules.   
Net current assets 
C urrent assets were $3.1 billion (31 December 2024: $2.5 billion) and current liabilities were $2.8 billion (31  December 
2024:  $2.4  billion), resulting in net current assets of $302 million (31 December 2024: $40 million). The increase of $262 
million in th e period was largely driven by:  
• increase in cash and cash equivalents of $394 million;  
• increase in trade and other receivables of $173 million;  
• assets included as a disposal group classified as held for sale of $165 million, including $121 million reclassified from non-
current assets  
partly offset by:  
• increase in construction contract liabilities of $309 million; and  
• decrease in construction contract assets of $172 million.  
Capital Employed 
The Group’s capital employed  represented by total assets less current liabilities was $5.2  billion (31 December 2024: $5.2 billion).  
Equity 
T otal equity was $4.4 billion (31 December 2024: $4.3 billion). The movement of $150 million was largely driven by net income 
of $404 million and net foreign currency translation gains of $103 million, partially offset by dividends of $368 million.   
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025134
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 137]
FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED  
134  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
Vessel utilisation and fleet 
Vessel utilisation for the year ended 31 December 2025 was 84% compared with 86% for the prior year.  
Backlog 
At 31 December 2025, backlog was $13.8 billion. Full year order intake was $9.0 billion comprising new awards of $7.0 billion 
and escalations of $2.0 billion resulting in a book - to - bill ratio of 1.3 times.  
$11.7 billion of backlog related to the Subsea and Conventional business unit (which included $1.3 billion related to long - term 
day - rate contracts for PLSVs in Brazil) and $2.1 billion related to the Renewables business unit. $6.9  billion of the backlog is  
expected to be executed in 2026, $4.3 billion in 2027 and $2.6 billion in 2028 and thereafter. Backlog related to associates 
and joint ventures is excluded from these amounts.  
Cash flow 
Cash flow statement   
Cash and cash equivalents were $970 million at 31 December 2025, an increase of $394 million in the year. The movement in 
cash and cash equivalents was mainly attributable to:  
• net cash generated from operating activities  of $1.5 billion, which included a favourable movement of $234 million in net 
working capital  
partly offset by:  
• net cash used in investing activities of $214 million, comprising $281 million related to purchases of property, plant and eq uipment 
and intangible assets partly offset by $41 million dividends received from the Group’s associate, OneSubsea; and  
• net cash  used in financing activities of $874 million, which included $376 million related to dividends paid to the 
shareholders of the parent company, payments related to lease liabilities of $292 million and net repayment of borrowings 
of $139 million.   
Free cash flow 
During  the year, the Group generated free cash flow of $1.2 billion (2024: $583 million) which is defined as net cash generated  
from operating activities of $1.5 billion (2024: $931  million) less purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible 
assets of $281 million (2024: $349 million).   
Balance sheet at 31 December 2025  
Non -current assets 
N on - current assets were $4.9 billion (31 December 2024: $5.2 billion). The decrease of $297 million was largely driven by a 
$201 million decrease in property, plant and equipment, of which $94 million was recognised within assets included in a dispo sal  
group classified as held for sale, and a $91 million decrease in right - of - use assets.  
Non -current liabilities 
T otal non - current liabilities were $0.8 billion (31 December 2024: $1.0 billion). The decrease of $184 million was largely driven 
by $181 million reclassified to current borrowings in line with repayment schedules.   
Net current assets 
C urrent assets were $3.1 billion (31 December 2024: $2.5 billion) and current liabilities were $2.8 billion (31  December 
2024:  $2.4  billion), resulting in net current assets of $302 million (31 December 2024: $40 million). The increase of $262 
million in th e period was largely driven by:  
• increase in cash and cash equivalents of $394 million;  
• increase in trade and other receivables of $173 million;  
• assets included as a disposal group classified as held for sale of $165 million, including $121 million reclassified from non-
current assets  
partly offset by:  
• increase in construction contract liabilities of $309 million; and  
• decrease in construction contract assets of $172 million.  
Capital Employed 
The Group’s capital employed  represented by total assets less current liabilities was $5.2  billion (31 December 2024: $5.2 billion).  
Equity 
T otal equity was $4.4 billion (31 December 2024: $4.3 billion). The movement of $150 million was largely driven by net income 
of $404 million and net foreign currency translation gains of $103 million, partially offset by dividends of $368 million.   
 
 
135  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
Borrowings, lease liabilities, net cash/(debt) , gearing  and liquidity  at 31 December 2025  
Borrowings  
The Group’s total borrowings were $584 million (31 December 2024: $722 million). The decrease of $138 million was driven 
by scheduled repayments.  
A summary of the borrowing facilities available at 31 December 202 5 is as follows:  
(in $ millions)  Total facility  Drawn (a)  Undrawn    Maturity Date  
Multi - currency revolving credit and guarantee facility  600.0  – 600.0    June 2029 (b)  
2021 UK Export Finance (UKEF 2021) facility  225.0  (225.0)  –   February 2028  
2023 UK Export Finance (UKEF 2023) facility  277.8  (277.8)  –   July 2030 (c)  
South Korean Export Credit Agency (ECA) facility  86.0  (86.0)  –   January 2027 (d)  
Total  1,188.8  (588.8)  600.0    
(a) Borrowings presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet are shown net of capitalised fees of $5.4 million, which are amortised  over the period of the 
respective facility.  
(b)  The Group’s multi - currency revolving credit and guarantee facility will reduce to $500 million in June 2028 until maturity in June 2029.  
(c)  The UKEF 2023 facility has a five - year tenor which commenced on 11 July 2025.  
(d)  90% of the facility is provided by an Export Credit Agency (ECA) and 10% by commercial banks. The maturity of the ECA tranche  is January 2029 
and the maturity of the commercial tranche is January 2027.  
Lease liabilities 
L ease liabilities were $365 million, inclusive of amounts recognised within the disposal group classified as held for sale, a 
decrease of $90 million compared to 31 December 2024. The decrease was largely driven by scheduled lease payments 
partially offset by increases associated with long - term vessel charters.  
Net cash/(debt) 
At 31 December 2025: 
• net cash (excluding lease liabilities) was $386 million compared to net debt of $147 million at 31 December 2024; and  
• net cash (inclu ding lease liabilities) was $21 million, compared to net debt of $602 million at 31 December 2024.  
Gearing 
G ross gearing (borrowings divided by total equity) was 13.1% (31 December 2024: 16.8%).  
Liquidity 
The Group’s liquidity  represented by cash and cash equivalents and undrawn borrowing facilities was $1.6  billion 
(31 December 2024: $1.3 billion).  
Cash management constraints  
The Group operates within a liquidity risk management framework which governs its management of short, medium and long -
term funding and liquidity requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk by ensuring that it has access to sufficient cash, 
banking and borrowing facilities. This is achieved by regularly monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching the 
maturity profiles of financial assets and  liabilities where appropriate.  
Financial covenant compliance  
The Group’s committed borrowing facilities contain financial covenants relating to a maximum level of net debt (excluding 
lease liabilities) to Adjusted EBITDA. During the year, all financial covenants were met. The Group expects to be able to com ply  
with all financial covenants during 202 6. 
Share repurchase  programme  
During the year ended 31 December 202 5 , there were no shares  repurchased in accordance with the Group’s share repurchase 
programme authorised on 24 July 2019, extended on 19 April 2023. At  31 December 202 5, the Group had cumulatively repurchased  
15.2  million shares for a total cost of $164 million under this programme. At 31 December 2025 , the Group held 3.5  million shares 
(31 December 2024 : 4.0 million) as treasury shares, representing 1.16% (31 December 2024 : 1.33 %) of the total number of issued 
shares. The extended share repurchase programme expired on 18 April 2025.  
Dividend 
A dividend of NOK 13.00 per share paid in two equal instalments, was approved by the shareholders of Subsea 7 S.A. at the 
Annual  General Meeting on 8 May 2025. The first instalment, equivalent to $184 million, was paid on 22 May 2025 and the second 
instalment, equivalent to $192 million was paid on 6 November 2025.  The Group entered into foreign exchange forward contracts 
to  mitigate the foreign currency exposure of the dividend. The total net dividend paid, after including the gain on foreign exch ange 
forw ard contracts, was $350 million.  
 
 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 135
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 138]
FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED  
136  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
Extraordinary General Meeting 
At the Extraordinary General Meeting of Subsea 7 S.A. shareholders on 25 September 2025, the proposed combination between 
Subsea 7 S.A. and Saipem S.p.A. was approved. In addition, a dividend for the amount of €450 million, equating to approximately 
NOK 18.00 per share, based on the reference date of 25 September 2025, conditional on the completion of the merger, was 
approved and a further dividend of €105 million was approved, equating to approximately NOK 4.15 per share, based on the 
reference date of 25 September  2025 , related to a permitted business divestment in accordance with the merger agreement.  
S hareholders  
The 20 largest shareholders  of the Company,  and their beneficial ownership (a) as a percentage of the total fully paid and 
issued common shares, at 31 December were:  
 2025  2024  
At  %  %  
Siem Industries S.A.  23.6  23.6  
Folketrygdfondet  9.2 8.9  
Elliott Management Corporation  4.9 4.6  
BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, N.A.  3.4 3.5  
Storebrand Kapitalforvaltning AS  2.7 2.6  
KLP Fondsforvaltning AS  2.5 2. 0  
The Vanguard Group, Inc.  2.4 2.3  
DNB Asset Management AS  2.3 2. 5  
Alfred Berg Kapitalforvaltning AS  2.0 2.0  
SAFE Investment Company Limited  1.9  1.9  
Key Group Holdings (Cayman), Ltd.  1.7  1. 1  
Pareto  Asset Management  AS  1.6  2.0  
Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC  1.4  0.6  
Robotti & Company Advisors, LLC  1.1 1.2  
ODIN Forvaltning AS  1.0  1. 2  
DWS Investment GmbH  0.9  0 .1  
Jupiter Asset Management Ltd.  0.9  – 
Dimensional Fund Advisors, L.P.  0.8  0. 7  
State Street Investment Management (US)  (formerly  State Street Global Advisors (US))  0.8  0.8  
MP Pensjon  0.8  0.8  
Total  65.9  62.4  
(a)  The data is provided by Nasdaq, Inc . and is obtained through an analysis of beneficial ownership and fund manager information. This is provided in 
response to disclosure of ownership notices issued to all custodians on the Subsea7 VPS share register. Whil e every reasonable effort has been 
made to verify the data, there may be fluctuations as a result of such events as stock lending or other non - institutional stock movements, and 
neither Subsea7 nor Nasdaq , Inc . can guarantee the accuracy of the analysis. 
Going concern  
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared under the assumption of going concern. This assumption is based 
on the level of cash and cash equivalents at the year end, the Group ’s forecast cash flows, the committed  borrowing facilities in 
place, and the backlog position at 31 December 2025. Going concern is further disclosed in Note 1 ‘General information’ to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements, describing a possible merger between Subsea 7 S.A. and Saipem S.p.A.  
Risk management and internal control  
The Group ’s approach to risk management and internal control is detailed in the Risk Management and Governance sections 
on pages 30  to 69 . Financial r isk m anagement is as described in Note 33 ‘ Financial i nstruments ’. 
Events after the reporting per iod  
Dividend 
At the Annual General Meeting on 12 May 2026, the Board of Directors will propose a dividend of NOK 13.00 per share, 
equating  to approximately $400 million, payable in May 2026. The proposed dividend comprises an annual dividend equating to 
approximately  $350 million, subject to approval at the Annual General Meeting,  and an interim dividend of approximately $50 million 
which was approved by the Board of Directors on 25 February 2026 and will be ratified at the Annual General Meeting.  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025136
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 139]
FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED  
136  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
Extraordinary General Meeting 
At the Extraordinary General Meeting of Subsea 7 S.A. shareholders on 25 September 2025, the proposed combination between 
Subsea 7 S.A. and Saipem S.p.A. was approved. In addition, a dividend for the amount of €450 million, equating to approximately 
NOK 18.00 per share, based on the reference date of 25 September 2025, conditional on the completion of the merger, was 
approved and a further dividend of €105 million was approved, equating to approximately NOK 4.15 per share, based on the 
reference date of 25 September  2025 , related to a permitted business divestment in accordance with the merger agreement.  
S hareholders  
The 20 largest shareholders  of the Company,  and their beneficial ownership (a) as a percentage of the total fully paid and 
issued common shares, at 31 December were:  
 2025  2024  
At  %  %  
Siem Industries S.A.  23.6  23.6  
Folketrygdfondet  9.2  8.9  
Elliott Management Corporation  4.9  4.6  
BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, N.A.  3.4  3.5  
Storebrand Kapitalforvaltning AS  2.7  2.6  
KLP Fondsforvaltning AS  2.5  2. 0  
The Vanguard Group, Inc.  2.4  2.3  
DNB Asset Management AS  2.3  2. 5  
Alfred Berg Kapitalforvaltning AS  2.0  2.0  
SAFE Investment Company Limited  1.9  1.9  
Key Group Holdings (Cayman), Ltd.  1.7  1. 1  
Pareto  Asset Management  AS  1.6  2.0  
Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC  1.4  0.6  
Robotti & Company Advisors, LLC  1.1  1.2  
ODIN Forvaltning AS  1.0  1. 2  
DWS Investment GmbH  0.9  0 .1  
Jupiter Asset Management Ltd.  0.9  – 
Dimensional Fund Advisors, L.P.  0.8  0. 7  
State Street Investment Management (US)  (formerly  State Street Global Advisors (US))  0.8  0.8  
MP Pensjon  0.8  0.8  
Total  65.9  62.4  
(a)  The data is provided by Nasdaq, Inc . and is obtained through an analysis of beneficial ownership and fund manager information. This is provided in 
response to disclosure of ownership notices issued to all custodians on the Subsea7 VPS share register. Whil e every reasonable effort has been 
made to verify the data, there may be fluctuations as a result of such events as stock lending or other non - institutional stock movements, and 
neither Subsea7 nor Nasdaq , Inc . can guarantee the accuracy of the analysis. 
Going concern  
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared under the assumption of going concern. This assumption is based 
on the level of cash and cash equivalents at the year end, the Group ’s forecast cash flows, the committed  borrowing facilities in 
place, and the backlog position at 31 December 2025. Going concern is further disclosed in Note 1 ‘General information’ to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements, describing a possible merger between Subsea 7 S.A. and Saipem S.p.A.  
Risk management and internal control  
The Group ’s approach to risk management and internal control is detailed in the Risk Management and Governance sections 
on pages 30  to 69 . Financial r isk m anagement is as described in Note 33 ‘ Financial i nstruments ’. 
Events after the reporting per iod  
Dividend 
At the Annual General Meeting on 12 May 2026, the Board of Directors will propose a dividend of NOK 13.00 per share, 
equating  to approximately $400 million, payable in May 2026. The proposed dividend comprises an annual dividend equating to 
approximately  $350 million, subject to approval at the Annual General Meeting,  and an interim dividend of approximately $50 million 
which was approved by the Board of Directors on 25 February 2026 and will be ratified at the Annual General Meeting.  
  
 
 
137  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
Management Report for Subsea 7 S.A. (the C ompany)  
Additional information s pecific to the U nconsolidated Financial Statements of Subsea 7 S.A.  
Unconsolidated Financial Statements of Subsea 7 S.A. 
The Unconsolidated Financial Statements  of  Subsea 7 S.A., the ultimate parent company of the Subsea 7 S.A. G roup , are 
shown on page s 220 to 228 . These were prepared in accordance with Luxembourg ’s legal and regulatory requirements  and 
using the going concern basis of accounting .  
The loss  for the year ended 31 December 2025 was  $ 132.6 million ( 2024 : $ 69.5  million).  The adverse movement in 
profitability was mainly driven by  value adjustments in respect of financial assets and of investments held as current assets , 
which was $88.6 million in 202 5 compared to  $ 16.9 million in 202 4. It is proposed that the  loss  of $ 132.6 million for the year 
ended 31 December 20 25 be allocated to profit and loss  brought forward at 1 January 20 26 resulting in  a loss  to be brought  
forward amounting to $ 132. 6 million.   
Own shares he ld 
At  31  December 2025 , the Company directly held 3.5  million  ( 2024 : 4.0  million ) own  shares at a carrying amount of $ 60.2  million  
(2024 : $ 62.7 million) .  
Distributable amounts  
At  31 December 2025 , the Company had distributable amounts , as defined by Luxembourg law , totalling $ 357. 6 million 
(2024 : $ 856.0 million).  Distributable amounts  include share premium account, profit and loss account brought forward and 
profit or loss  for the year.  The year- on - year decrease was mainly due  to dividends declared of  $ 368.3  million  and the loss 
for  the financial year of $132. 6 million .  
Risk management , internal control and corporate governance  
The Company ’s approach to risk management, internal control and corporate governance is consistent with that applied 
to  affiliates in the Subsea7 G roup and is detailed in the Risk Management and Governance sections on pages 30  to 69 . 
Financial r isk m anagement is  described in Note 33 ‘ Financial i nstruments ’. Non - financial  information required by regulation 
is  provided o n pages 2 to 129. 
By order of the Board of Directors of Subsea 7 S.A.  
 
 
Kristian Siem  
Chairman  
John Evans  
Chief Executive Officer  
 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 137
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 140]
 
138 Subsea  7 S.A. ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
SUBSEA 7 S.A. 
CONSOLIDATED  
FINANCIAL  
STAT EMENTS  
FOR YEAR ENDED  
31 DECEMBER 2025 
 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025138
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 141]
 
138 Subsea  7 S.A. ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
SUBSEA 7 S.A. 
CONSOLIDATED  
FINANCIAL  
STAT EMENTS  
FOR YEAR ENDED  
31 DECEMBER 2025 
 
 
 
139  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
 Page  
Report of the Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé  14 0 
Consolidated Income Statement  14 6 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  14 7 
Consolidated Balance Sheet  1 48  
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  1 49  
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement  15 1 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  Page  
1.  General information  15 2 
2.  Adoption of new accounting standards  15 4 
3.  Material accounting policies  15 4 
4.  Critical accounting judgements and key sources  
 of estimation uncertainty  
16 3 
5.  Segment information  16 5  
6.  Net operating income  1 68  
7.  Other gains and losses  1 69  
8.  Finance income and finance costs  17 0  
9.  Taxation  17 0  
10.  Dividends  17 3  
11.  Earnings per share  17 4  
12.  Goodwill  17 4  
13.  Intangible assets  17 7  
14.  Property, plant and equipment  1 78  
15.   Right - of - use assets  1 79  
16.  Interests in associates and joint arrangements  18 0  
17.  Advances and receivables  18 2  
18.  Inventories  18 2  
19.  Trade and other receivables  18 2  
20.  Disposal group classified as held for sale  18 3  
2 1. Other accrued income and prepaid expenses  18 3  
2 2. Construction contracts  18 3  
2 3.  Cash and cash equivalents  18 5  
2 4. Issued share capital  18 5  
2 5. Treasury shares  18 5  
2 6. Non - controlling interests  18 6  
2 7. Borrowings  18 6  
2 8. Lease liabilities  18 7  
2 9. Other non- current liabilities  1 88  
30 . Trade and other liabilities  1 88  
3 1. Provisions  1 88  
3 2. Commitments and contingent liabilities  1 89  
3 3. Financial instruments  19 0  
3 4. Related party transactions  20 4  
3 5. Share - based payments  20 5  
3 6. Retirement benefit obligations  20 6  
3 7.  Deferred revenue  20 7  
3 8. Events after the reporting period  20 7  
3 9.  Wholly - owned subsidiaries  2 08  
Additional information – A lternative  
P erformance M easure s (APMs) 
21 1 
 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 139
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 142]
REPORT OF THE RÉVISEUR                       
D’ENTREPRISES AGRÉÉ  
 
140  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
To the Shareholders of Subsea 7 S.A.  
412F, route d’Esch  
L- 1471 Luxembourg  
Report on the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements  
Opinion  
We have audited the Consolidated Financial Statements of Subsea 7 S.A. and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) included 
on  pages 146 to 210, which comprise the Consolidated Balance Sheet at 31 December 202 5 , the Consolidated Income 
Statement, the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and 
the  Consolidated Cash Flow Statement for the year then ended, and the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, 
including material accounting policy information.  
In our opinion, the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial 
position of the Group at 31 December 202 5 , and of its consolidated financial performance and consolidated cash flows for 
the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as adopted by the European Union.  
Basis for opinion  
We conducted our audit in accordance with EU Regulation N° 537/2014, the Law of 23 July 2016 on the audit profession 
(“L aw of 23 July 2016”) and with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) as adopted for Luxembourg by the “Commission  
de Surveillance du Secteur Financier” (“CSSF”). Our responsibilities under the EU Regulation Nº 537/2014, the Law of 23 
July 2016 and ISAs as adopted for Luxembourg by the CSSF are further described in the “Responsibilities of the “réviseur 
d’entreprises agréé” for the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements” section of our report. We are also independent 
of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, including International 
Independence Standards, issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (“IESBA Code”) as adopted for 
Luxembourg by the CSSF together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of  the Consolidated Financial 
Statements, and have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities under those ethical requirements. We believe that the audit 
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.  
Emphasis of Matter - Merger with Saipem S.p.A.  
We draw your attention to Note 1 ‘General information’  of the Consolidated Financial Statements which explains that Subsea 
7 S.A.  entered into  a binding merger agreement with Saipem S.p.A. on 2 3 July 2025.  Management expects that the merger 
will complete in the second half of 2026 subject to conditions precedent including regulatory approvals. Following the effective 
date of the merger, Subsea 7 S.A. will be absorbed by  Saipem S.p.A . , and the latter entity will be renamed  Saipem7 S.p.A. 
Management prepare d the Group’s financial statements on the going concern basis.  
Our opinion i s not modified i n respect of this matter.  
Key audit matters  
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of the audit of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.  
 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025140
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 143]
REPORT OF THE RÉVISEUR                       
D’ENTREPRISES AGRÉÉ  
 
140  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
To the Shareholders of Subsea 7 S.A.  
412F, route d’Esch  
L- 1471 Luxembourg  
Report on the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements  
Opinion  
We have audited the Consolidated Financial Statements of Subsea 7 S.A. and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) included 
on  pages 146 to 210, which comprise the Consolidated Balance Sheet at 31 December 202 5 , the Consolidated Income 
Statement, the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and 
the  Consolidated Cash Flow Statement for the year then ended, and the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, 
including material accounting policy information.  
In our opinion, the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial 
position of the Group at 31 December 202 5 , and of its consolidated financial performance and consolidated cash flows for 
the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as adopted by the European Union.  
Basis for opinion  
We conducted our audit in accordance with EU Regulation N° 537/2014, the Law of 23 July 2016 on the audit profession 
(“L aw of 23 July 2016”) and with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) as adopted for Luxembourg by the “Commission  
de Surveillance du Secteur Financier” (“CSSF”). Our responsibilities under the EU Regulation Nº 537/2014, the Law of 23 
July 2016 and ISAs as adopted for Luxembourg by the CSSF are further described in the “Responsibilities of the “réviseur 
d’entreprises agréé” for the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements” section of our report. We are also independent 
of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, including International 
Independence Standards, issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (“IESBA Code”) as adopted for 
Luxembourg by the CSSF together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of  the Consolidated Financial 
Statements, and have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities under those ethical requirements. We believe that the audit 
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.  
Emphasis of Matter - Merger with Saipem S.p.A.  
We draw your attention to Note 1 ‘General information’  of the Consolidated Financial Statements which explains that Subsea 
7 S.A.  entered into  a binding merger agreement with Saipem S.p.A. on 2 3 July 2025.  Management expects that the merger 
will complete in the second half of 2026 subject to conditions precedent including regulatory approvals. Following the effective 
date of the merger, Subsea 7 S.A. will be absorbed by  Saipem S.p.A . , and the latter entity will be renamed  Saipem7 S.p.A. 
Management prepare d the Group’s financial statements on the going concern basis.  
Our opinion i s not modified i n respect of this matter.  
Key audit matters  
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of the audit of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.  
 
 
 
141  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
Key audit matter:  Recognition of revenues on long-term contracts 
Description of 
key audit 
matter: 
A significant proportion of the Group ’s revenue is  derived from long - term contracts. As detailed in 
Note  3 ‘Material accounting policies’ to the Consolidated Financial Statements, these contracts include 
complex technical and commercial risks and often specify performance milestones to be achieved 
throughout the contract period, which can last several years.  
Due to the contracting nature of the business, revenue recognition involves a significant degree of 
judgement, with  estimates being made to:  
• assess the total contract costs;  
• assess the stage of completion of the contract;  
• assess the proportion of revenues, including variable consideration, to recognise in line with contract 
completion;  
• forecast the profit margin on each contract incorporating appropriate allowances for technical and 
commercial risks related to performance milestones yet to be achieved; and  
• appropriately identify, value, and provide for onerous contracts.  
There is a range of acceptable outcomes resulting from these judgements that could lead to different 
revenue being reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
The Group has detailed procedures and processes in place to manage the commercial, technical  
and financial aspects of long - term contracts. The processes include the preparation of a Project 
Monthly Status Report (PMSR), which includes key accounting and forecast information for the 
relevant contract.  
The risks of material misstatement are that the accounting for the Group’s significant contracts does 
not accurately reflect the progress made or consider all commercial and technical risks associated 
with the contract due to inaccurate estimation, inappropriate recognition of unagreed income, or 
management override of results. Consequent to this the contract revenue and margin at the reporting 
date would be materially incorrect.  
Our response:  Our audit procedures over the recognition of revenues on long - term contracts included, among others, 
the following:  
We evaluated the relevant information technology systems and performed procedures over the 
operating effectiveness of internal controls over the accuracy and timing of long - term contract 
revenue and margin recognised in the Consolidated Financial Statements, including controls over:  
• the detailed contract reviews (being the PMSR process and controls) performed by management 
and reviewed at the project and the Group level that included estimating total costs, stage of 
completion of contracts, and evaluating contract profitability; and  
• the transactional controls that underpin the production of underlying contract - related cost balances 
including the purchase - to - pay, vessel costs and payroll cycles.  
For the most significant contracts and those which are subject to estimation uncertainty, we:  
• read the relevant clauses within selected contracts to obtain an understanding of the specific terms;  
• obtained the PMSR and gained an understanding of the performance and project status;  
• corroborated management’s positions through the examination of externally generated evidence, 
such as customer correspondence and correspondence with legal advisors;  
• discussed and understood management’s estimates for total contract costs and forecast costs- to -
complete, considering the impact of cost inflation, and taking into account the historical accuracy  
of such estimates;  
• discussed and understood management’s estimates in recognising actual or potential variation 
orders/unagreed income, taking into account the historical accuracy of such estimates;  
• agreed project revenue, costs, and margin from supporting documentation to the PMSRs, to the  
trial balance, and to the A nnual R eport;  
• re- performed the percentage - of - completion calculations;  
• considered whether provisions for onerous contracts reflect the contractual position and the 
requirements of IAS 37 ‘Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets’;  
• for day - rate/reimbursable contracts tested for appropriate cut off and revenue recognition.  
• for a selection of smaller projects, we performed additional testing focusing on unusual or large 
movements in revenue or margin.  
We assessed the adequacy of the disclosures in Note 3 ‘Material accounting policies’ and Note 5 
‘Segment information’ to the Consolidated Financial Statements in relation to revenue.  
 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 141
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 144]
REPORT OF THE RÉVISEUR D’ENTREPRISES AGRÉÉ CONTINUED  
142  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
Key audit matter:  Vessel fleet impairment assessments 
Description of 
key audit 
matter: 
At 31 December 202 5 , the carrying amount of the owned vessel fleet was $ 3. 3  billion as detailed in 
Note 14 ‘Property, plant and equipment’ to the Consolidated Financial Statements. During the year 
impairment charges of $ 10.1 million were recognised, mainly relating to vessel - related  equipment.  
Vessels within property, plant and equipment are subject to an impairment test where indicators of 
impairment exist. Impairment charges are recognised when necessary to bring the carrying amounts 
of  specific assets to their recoverable amount defined as the higher of value - in - use or fair value less 
costs to dispose.  
If there is an indication that an impairment loss no longer exists or has decreased, the entity is required 
to calculate the recoverable amount of the asset and reverse the impairment loss up to the lower of the 
recoverable amount or historical cost, if appropriate.  
The process for determining whether impairment indicators exist is complex and requires significant 
management judgement.  
The key factors are:  
• the forecast utilisation of the owned vessel fleet ; 
• the determination of the value- in - use of the cash - generating units in which the vessels are  
allocated; and  
• the external broker estimates of market valuation .  
The subsequent process for determining the amount of impairment which may result from the above 
indicators is also complex and requires significant management judgement and estimates.  
The risks of material misstatement are that the carrying amount of the owned vessel fleet within 
property, plant and equipment could be overstated or understated.  
Our response: Our audit procedures over the vessel fleet impairment assessments included, among others, the following:  
We evaluated management’s assessment for indicators of impairment or for indicators of reversal of 
impairments related to vessels within property, plant and equipment.  
We obtained an understanding of the internal financial controls for the vessel impairment process 
including the determination of assumptions used within the models to assess the recoverable amount.  
We obtained management’s impairment assessment. 
For vessels where an impairment trigger was identified, we  analysed the recoverable amount 
considering the value - in - use of the cash - generating units in which the vessels are allocated.  
W e reviewed the external broker valuations obtained by management for each vessel and assessed the 
independence, objectivity and competence of the broker as well as the adequacy of the respective 
assumptions and methods used, the reasonableness of the conclusions reached, and their consistency 
with management’s analysis.  
W e assessed the determination of th e vessels’  useful lives including residual values.  
We obtained an understanding of management’s rationale for the impairment and assessed it for 
appropriateness against the criteria as per IAS 36 and  assessed if any impairment reversal triggers of 
the vessel fleet existed.  
We assessed the completeness and the accuracy of the impairments identified by management.  
We evaluated the adequacy of the Group’s disclosures in Note 14 ‘Property, plant and equipment’  
regarding the impairments of owned vessel- related equipment  in the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025142
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 145]
REPORT OF THE RÉVISEUR D’ENTREPRISES AGRÉÉ CONTINUED  
142  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
Key audit matter:  Vessel fleet impairment assessments 
Description of 
key audit 
matter: 
At 31 December 202 5 , the carrying amount of the owned vessel fleet was $ 3. 3  billion as detailed in 
Note 14 ‘Property, plant and equipment’ to the Consolidated Financial Statements. During the year 
impairment charges of $ 10.1 million were recognised, mainly relating to vessel - related  equipment.  
Vessels within property, plant and equipment are subject to an impairment test where indicators of 
impairment exist. Impairment charges are recognised when necessary to bring the carrying amounts 
of  specific assets to their recoverable amount defined as the higher of value - in - use or fair value less 
costs to dispose.  
If there is an indication that an impairment loss no longer exists or has decreased, the entity is required 
to calculate the recoverable amount of the asset and reverse the impairment loss up to the lower of the 
recoverable amount or historical cost, if appropriate.  
The process for determining whether impairment indicators exist is complex and requires significant 
management judgement.  
The key factors are:  
• the forecast utilisation of the owned vessel fleet ; 
• the determination of the value- in - use of the cash - generating units in which the vessels are  
allocated; and  
• the external broker estimates of market valuation .  
The subsequent process for determining the amount of impairment which may result from the above 
indicators is also complex and requires significant management judgement and estimates.  
The risks of material misstatement are that the carrying amount of the owned vessel fleet within 
property, plant and equipment could be overstated or understated.  
Our response: Our audit procedures over the vessel fleet impairment assessments included, among others, the following:  
We evaluated management’s assessment for indicators of impairment or for indicators of reversal of 
impairments related to vessels within property, plant and equipment.  
We obtained an understanding of the internal financial controls for the vessel impairment process 
including the determination of assumptions used within the models to assess the recoverable amount.  
We obtained management’s impairment assessment. 
For vessels where an impairment trigger was identified, we  analysed the recoverable amount 
considering the value - in - use of the cash - generating units in which the vessels are allocated.  
W e reviewed the external broker valuations obtained by management for each vessel and assessed the 
independence, objectivity and competence of the broker as well as the adequacy of the respective 
assumptions and methods used, the reasonableness of the conclusions reached, and their consistency 
with management’s analysis.  
W e assessed the determination of th e vessels’  useful lives including residual values.  
We obtained an understanding of management’s rationale for the impairment and assessed it for 
appropriateness against the criteria as per IAS 36 and  assessed if any impairment reversal triggers of 
the vessel fleet existed.  
We assessed the completeness and the accuracy of the impairments identified by management.  
We evaluated the adequacy of the Group’s disclosures in Note 14 ‘Property, plant and equipment’  
regarding the impairments of owned vessel- related equipment  in the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  
 
 
143  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
Key audit matter:  Goodwill impairment assessments 
Description of 
key audit 
matter: 
As detailed in Note 12 ‘Goodwill’, the Consolidated Financial Statements include $ 1 57.0  million of 
goodwill at 31  December 202 5 .  
Goodwill is subject to an annual review for impairment or when indicators of impairment exist.  
An estimate of the recoverable amount of the cash - generating units (CGU) to which goodwill is 
allocated is prepared. The estimated recoverable amount is determined based on the calculation of the 
value - in - use of the CGUs. The outcome of the impairment review could vary significantly if different 
assumptions were applied in  the models.  
The estimated recoverable amount is subjective due to the inherent uncertainty involved in forecasting 
and discounting future cash flows with many of the key underlying assumptions being impacted by 
political and economic factors. The key assumptions inclu de:  
• the future Adjusted EBITDA assumptions taken from the Group’s most recent budgets and plans  
for the next five years approved by management (“the Plan”);  
• the Adjusted EBITDA forecasts and long - term growth rate used beyond the period covered by 
the  Plan considering the significance of the terminal value cash flows to the total value - in - use; 
also  considering the expected impact of climate change;  
• the pre - tax discount rate applied to future cash flows; and  
• the forecast capital expenditure necessary to maintain the function of the assets in the CGU.  
The risk of material misstatement is that the carrying amount of goodwill could be overstated .  
Our response: We understood the internal controls for the goodwill impairment process including the determination 
of  assumptions used within the models to assess the recoverable amount of goodwill and evaluated 
the appropriateness of management’s identification of the Group’s CGUs.  
We assessed management’s impairment testing by obtaining the supporting model and assessing the 
methodology and key assumptions made:  
• the Adjusted EBITDA forecasts – we evaluated these and tested the underlying values used in the 
calculations by comparing management’s forecast to the latest management approved five - year plan;  
• we  assessed the actual performance in the year against the prior year budgets to evaluate historical 
forecasting accuracy;  
• we evaluated Adjusted EBITDA forecasts against market expectations, historical levels, and the 
impact of climate change;  
• terminal value – we evaluated revenue and Adjusted EBITDA forecasts beyond the five - year plan period;  
• long - term growth rate – we compared the rates applied by management to available externally  
developed rates;  
• we assessed the level of forecast capital expenditure necessary to maintain the function of the 
assets in the CGUs;  
• pre - tax discount rate – we involved our valuations specialists in our evaluation of the discount rate 
to  consider the appropriateness of the rate used;  
• we considered the difference between the market capitalisation and the carrying value of the 
Group’s net assets; and  
• we tested the arithmetical accuracy of the models.  
We re - performed sensitivity analysis around the key assumptions for all CGUs in order to ascertain the 
extent of change in those assumptions required individually or collectively to result in an impairment of 
goodwill. For those CGUs which were most sensit ive, we discussed the basis for these cash flows with 
management and the Group’s Audit and Sustainability  Committee.  
We examined the sensitivity disclosures presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements to 
consider whether reasonably possible changes to assumptions that could lead to a material 
impairment had been disclosed.  
We assessed the adequacy of the disclosures in Note 12 ‘Goodwill’ to the Consolidated 
Financial  Statements.  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 143
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 146]
REPORT OF THE RÉVISEUR D’ENTREPRISES AGRÉÉ CONTINUED  
144 Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
Other information 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in 
the Consolidated Management Report from pages 131 to 136, the Corporate Governance Statement from pages 48 to 69 and  
the Additional Information from pages 211 to 214 but does not include the Consolidated Financial Statements and our report 
of “réviseur d’entreprises agréé” thereon.  
Our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form 
of assurance conclusion thereon.  
In connection with our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the other information an d, 
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Consolidated Financial Statements,  
or  our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have 
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report this 
fact.  We have nothing to  report in this regard.  
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and of those charged with governance for the Consolidated 
Financial Statements  
The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in 
accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union, and for such internal control as the Board of Directors determines 
is necessa ry to enable the preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements that are free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error.  
The Board of Directors is also responsible for presenting and marking up the Consolidated Financial Statements in 
compliance with the requirements set out in the Delegated Regulation 2019/815 on European Single Electronic Format, 
as  amended (“ESEF Regulation”).  
In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Board of Directors is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability 
to  continue as a  going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis 
of accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic  
alternative but to do so.  
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.  
Responsibilities of the “réviseur d’entreprises agréé” for the audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements  
The objectives of our audit are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Consolidated Financial Statements as a 
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue a report of the “réviseur d’entreprise s 
agréé” that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit 
conducted in accordance with EU Regulation N° 537/2014, the Law of 23 July 2016 and with the ISAs as adopted for 
Luxembourg by the CSSF will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud 
or  error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the 
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these Consolidated Financial Statements.  
As part of an audit in accordance with EU Regulation N° 537/2014, the Law of 23 July 2016 and with ISAs as adopted for 
Luxembourg by the CSSF, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. 
We also:  
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated Financial Statements, whether due to fraud 
or  error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is 
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may  involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, 
or the override of internal control.  
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in  
the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.  
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the Board of Directors.  
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on 
the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant 
doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required 
to draw attention in our report of the “réviseur d’entreprises agréé” to the related disclosures in the Consolidated Financial 
Statements or,  if such disclosures are inadequate, to  modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence 
obtained up to the date of our report of the “réviseur d’entreprises agréé”. However, future events or conditions may cause 
the Group to cease to co ntinue as a going concern.  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025144
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 147]
REPORT OF THE RÉVISEUR D’ENTREPRISES AGRÉÉ CONTINUED  
144 Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
Other information 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in 
the Consolidated Management Report from pages 131 to 136, the Corporate Governance Statement from pages 48 to 69 and  
the Additional Information from pages 211 to 214 but does not include the Consolidated Financial Statements and our report 
of “réviseur d’entreprises agréé” thereon.  
Our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form 
of assurance conclusion thereon.  
In connection with our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the other information an d, 
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Consolidated Financial Statements,  
or  our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have 
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report this 
fact.  We have nothing to  report in this regard.  
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and of those charged with governance for the Consolidated 
Financial Statements  
The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in 
accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union, and for such internal control as the Board of Directors determines 
is necessa ry to enable the preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements that are free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error.  
The Board of Directors is also responsible for presenting and marking up the Consolidated Financial Statements in 
compliance with the requirements set out in the Delegated Regulation 2019/815 on European Single Electronic Format, 
as  amended (“ESEF Regulation”).  
In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Board of Directors is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability 
to  continue as a  going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis 
of accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic  
alternative but to do so.  
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.  
Responsibilities of the “réviseur d’entreprises agréé” for the audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements  
The objectives of our audit are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Consolidated Financial Statements as a 
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue a report of the “réviseur d’entreprise s 
agréé” that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit 
conducted in accordance with EU Regulation N° 537/2014, the Law of 23 July 2016 and with the ISAs as adopted for 
Luxembourg by the CSSF will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud 
or  error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the 
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these Consolidated Financial Statements.  
As part of an audit in accordance with EU Regulation N° 537/2014, the Law of 23 July 2016 and with ISAs as adopted for 
Luxembourg by the CSSF, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. 
We also:  
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated Financial Statements, whether due to fraud 
or  error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is 
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may  involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, 
or the override of internal control.  
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in  
the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.  
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the Board of Directors.  
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on 
the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant 
doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required 
to draw attention in our report of the “réviseur d’entreprises agréé” to the related disclosures in the Consolidated Financial 
Statements or,  if such disclosures are inadequate, to  modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence 
obtained up to the date of our report of the “réviseur d’entreprises agréé”. However, future events or conditions may cause 
the Group to cease to co ntinue as a going concern.  
  
 
 
145  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Consolidated Financial Statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the Consolidated Financial Statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a 
manner that achieves fair presentation.  
• Assess whether the Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared, in all material respects, in compliance with the 
requirements laid down in the ESEF Regulation.  
• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities and business activities with in 
the Group to express an opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements. We are responsible for the direction, 
supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.  
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.  
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and communicate to them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to 
bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.  
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit 
matters. We describe these matters in  our report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter.  
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements 
We have been appointed as “réviseur d’entreprises agréé” by the General Meeting of the Shareholders on 8 May 202 5 and 
the duration of our uninterrupted engagement, including previous renewals and reappointments, is twelve years.  
The Consolidated Management Report is consistent with the Consolidated Financial Statements and has been prepared 
in  accordance with  applicable legal requirements.  
The accompanying corporate governance statement on pages 48 to 69 is the responsibility of the Board of Directors. The 
information required by article 68ter paragraph (1) letters c) and d) of the law of 19 December 2002 on the commercial and 
companies register and on the accounting records and annual accounts of undertakings, as amended, is consistent with the 
Consolidated Financial Statements and has been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements.  
We have checked the compliance of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group as at 31 December 202 5 with 
relevant statutory requirements set out in the ESEF Regulation that are applicable to the financial statements. For the Group , 
it relates to:  
• financial statements prepared in valid xHTML format; and  
• the XBRL markup of the Consolidated Financial Statements using the core taxonomy and the common rules on markups 
specified in the ESEF Regulation.  
In our opinion, the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group at 31 December 202 5 , identified as 
222100AIF0CBCY80AH62- 202 5-12- 31, have been prepared, in all material respects, in compliance with the requirements laid 
down in the ESEF Regulation.  
We confirm that the prohibited non - audit services referred to in EU Regulation No 537/2014 were not provided and that we 
remained independent of the Group in conducting the audit.  
 
Ernst & Young  
Société anonyme  
Cabinet de révision agréé  
Emmanuel Mareschal  
Luxembourg, 25 February 202 6 
 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 145
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 148]
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT  
146  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
 
For the year ended (in $ millions, except per share data)  Notes  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Revenue  5 7,08 6.3 6,837.0  
Operating expenses  6 (6,011. 4)   (6,132.3)  
Gross profit   1,07 4.9 704.7  
Administrative expenses  6 (340. 5)   (297.2)  
Share of net income of associates and joint ventures  16  36.3  38.0  
Net operating income   770 .7  445.5  
Finance income  8 22.8  24.4  
Other gains and losses  7 (8 4.4)   (0.5)  
Finance costs  8 (87.3)   (101.2)  
Income before taxes   62 1.8 368.2  
Taxation  9 (2 17 .6)   (151.6)  
Net income   404 .2 216.6  
    
Net income attributable to:     
Shareholders of the parent company   411.4  201.4  
Non - controlling interests  26 (7. 2)  15.2  
  404.2  216.6  
 
Earnings per share  Notes  
$  
per share  
$  
per share  
Basic  11  1. 39  0.68  
Diluted (a)  11  1. 38  0.67  
(a)  For explanation and a reconciliation of diluted earnings per share please refer to Note 11 ‘ Earnings per share ’ to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements.  
 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025146
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 149]
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT  
146  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
 
For the year ended (in $ millions, except per share data)  Notes  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Revenue  5  7,08 6 . 3  6,837.0  
Operating expenses  6  (6,011. 4 )   (6,132.3)  
Gross profit   1,07 4.9 704.7  
Administrative expenses  6 (340. 5)   (297.2)  
Share of net income of associates and joint ventures  16  36.3  38.0  
Net operating income   770 .7  445.5  
Finance income  8 22.8  24.4  
Other gains and losses  7 (8 4.4)   (0.5)  
Finance costs  8 (87.3)   (101.2)  
Income before taxes   62 1.8 368.2  
Taxation  9 (2 17 .6)   (151.6)  
Net income   404 . 2  216.6  
    
Net income attributable to:     
Shareholders of the parent company   411.4  201.4  
Non - controlling interests  26 (7. 2)  15.2  
  404.2  216.6  
 
Earnings per share  Notes  
$  
per share  
$  
per share  
Basic  11  1. 39  0.68  
Diluted (a)  11  1. 38  0.67  
(a)  For explanation and a reconciliation of diluted earnings per share please refer to Note 11 ‘ Earnings per share ’ to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements.  
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT  OF  
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
147  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  Notes  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Net income   404.2  216.6  
    
Items that may be reclassified to the income statement in subsequent periods:     
Net foreign currency translation gains/(losses)   10 2.5  (21.9)  
Net commodity cash flow hedge losses   (2.0)   (2.5)  
Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of associates and joint ventures  16  6.0  (8.4)  
Tax relating to components of other comprehensive income  9 (2.0)  2.2  
    
Items that will not be reclassified to the income statement in subsequent periods:     
Remeasurement (loss)/gain on defined benefit pension scheme  36  (0.6)  0.9  
Tax relating to remeasurement (loss)/gain on defined benefit pension scheme  9 0.2  (0.2)  
Fair value adjustment  on other financial assets   0.1 – 
Other comprehensive income /(loss)   10 4.2  (29.9)  
Total comprehensive income   5 08 . 4  186.7  
    
Total comprehensive income attributable to:     
Shareholders of the parent company   51 4.5 172.1  
Non - controlling interests   (6. 1)  14.6  
  5 08.4 186.7  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 147
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 150]
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE  SHEET  
148  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
At (in $ millions)  Notes  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Assets     
Non - current assets     
Goodwill  12  157.0  183.7  
Intangible assets  13  111.7  87.6  
Property, plant and equipment  14  3,760.2  3,960.8  
Right - of - use assets  15  30 9 . 5  400.3  
Interests in associates and joint ventures  16  370.2  367.2  
Advances and receivables  17  5 7.8  49.1  
Derivative financial instruments  3 3  22.9  62.9  
Other financial assets  3 3  1.1  1.1  
Deferred tax assets  9  119.3  93.6  
  4, 909.7  5,206.3  
Current assets     
Inventories  18  51.8  57.4  
Trade and other receivables  19  8 3 6 . 3  663.8  
Current tax assets   157.4  105.3  
Derivative financial instruments  3 3  55. 6  74.1  
Assets classified as held for sale  20  165.2  –   
Construction contracts –  assets  2 2  60 2.1  774.1  
Other accrued income and prepaid expenses  2 1  276.7  214.6  
Restricted cash   6.0  9.5  
Cash and cash equivalents  2 3  9 69.7  575.3  
  3,1 2 0 . 8  2,474.1  
Total assets   8,0 3 0 . 5  7,680.4  
Equity     
Issued share capital  2 4  599.2  599.2  
 Treasury shares  2 5  (60. 2 )  (69.1)  
Paid in surplus   2,55 1.5  2,545.9  
Translation reserve   (53 3 . 3 )  (632.7)  
Other reserves   (8. 5 )  (17.5)  
Retained earnings   1,8 57.6  1,824.6  
Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company   4, 40 6 . 3  4,250.4  
Non - controlling interests  2 6  3 8.5  44.6  
Total equity   4,4 4 4.8  4,295.0  
Liabilities     
Non - current liabilities     
Borrowings  2 7  402 .4  583.8  
Lease liabilities  2 8  184.9  231.1  
Retirement benefit obligations  3 6  13.8  8.1  
Deferred tax liabilities  9  1 2 1 . 5  87.3  
Provisions  3 2  22.1  29.1  
Contingent liabilities recognised  3 3  –  0.4  
Derivative financial instruments  3 3  21.6  10.7  
Other non - current liabilities  2 9  1. 0  1.0  
  76 7 . 3  951.5  
Current liabilities     
Trade and other liabilities  30  1,50 1 . 9  1,429.2  
Derivative financial instruments  3 3  30.1  35.3  
Tax liabilities   1 1 3 . 9  125.0  
Borrowings  2 7  181.3  138.2  
Lease liabilities  2 8  164.9  223.8  
Liabilities included in disposal group classified as held for sale  20  50.4  –  
Provisions  3 1  55.8  63.0  
Construction contracts –  liabilities  2 2  701.5  392.3  
Deferred revenue  3 7  18.6  27.1  
  2,8 18 . 4  2,433.9  
Total liabilities   3, 5 8 5 . 7  3,385.4  
Total equity and liabilities   8,0 3 0 . 5  7,680.4  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025148
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 151]
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE  SHEET  
148  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
At (in $ millions)  Notes  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Assets     
Non - current assets     
Goodwill  12  157.0  183.7  
Intangible assets  13  111.7  87.6  
Property, plant and equipment  14  3,760.2  3,960.8  
Right - of - use assets  15  30 9 . 5  400.3  
Interests in associates and joint ventures  16  370.2  367.2  
Advances and receivables  17  5 7.8  49.1  
Derivative financial instruments  3 3  22.9  62.9  
Other financial assets  3 3  1.1  1.1  
Deferred tax assets  9  119.3  93.6  
  4, 909.7  5,206.3  
Current assets     
Inventories  18  51.8  57.4  
Trade and other receivables  19  8 3 6 . 3  663.8  
Current tax assets   157.4  105.3  
Derivative financial instruments  3 3  55. 6  74.1  
Assets classified as held for sale  20  165.2  –   
Construction contracts –  assets  2 2  60 2.1  774.1  
Other accrued income and prepaid expenses  2 1  276.7  214.6  
Restricted cash   6.0  9.5  
Cash and cash equivalents  2 3  9 69.7  575.3  
  3,1 2 0 . 8  2,474.1  
Total assets   8,0 3 0 . 5  7,680.4  
Equity     
Issued share capital  2 4  599.2  599.2  
 Treasury shares  2 5  (60. 2 )  (69.1)  
Paid in surplus   2,55 1.5  2,545.9  
Translation reserve   (53 3 . 3 )  (632.7)  
Other reserves   (8. 5 )  (17.5)  
Retained earnings   1,8 57.6  1,824.6  
Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company   4, 40 6 . 3  4,250.4  
Non - controlling interests  2 6  3 8.5  44.6  
Total equity   4,4 4 4.8  4,295.0  
Liabilities     
Non - current liabilities     
Borrowings  2 7  402 .4  583.8  
Lease liabilities  2 8  184.9  231.1  
Retirement benefit obligations  3 6  13.8  8.1  
Deferred tax liabilities  9  1 2 1 . 5  87.3  
Provisions  3 2  22.1  29.1  
Contingent liabilities recognised  3 3  –  0.4  
Derivative financial instruments  3 3  21.6  10.7  
Other non - current liabilities  2 9  1. 0  1.0  
  76 7 . 3  951.5  
Current liabilities     
Trade and other liabilities  30  1,50 1 . 9  1,429.2  
Derivative financial instruments  3 3  30.1  35.3  
Tax liabilities   1 1 3 . 9  125.0  
Borrowings  2 7  181.3  138.2  
Lease liabilities  2 8  164.9  223.8  
Liabilities included in disposal group classified as held for sale  20  50.4  –  
Provisions  3 1  55.8  63.0  
Construction contracts –  liabilities  2 2  701.5  392.3  
Deferred revenue  3 7  18.6  27.1  
  2,8 18 . 4  2,433.9  
Total liabilities   3, 5 8 5 . 7  3,385.4  
Total equity and liabilities   8,0 3 0 . 5  7,680.4  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT  OF                              
CHANGES IN EQUITY  
For the year ended 31 December 2025  
149  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
(in $ millions)  
Issued 
share 
capital  
Treasury  
shares  
Paid in 
surplus  
Translation 
reserve  
Other 
reserves  
Retained 
earnings  Total  
Non -
controlling 
interests  
Total  
equity  
Balance at 1 January 2025  599.2  (69.1)  2,545.9  (632.7)  (17.5)  1,824.6 4,250.4 44.6  4,295.0 
Comprehensive income           
Net income/(loss)  –  – –  –  –  411.4  411.4  (7.2)  404.2  
Net foreign currency translation gains  –  – –  10 1.4  –  –  10 1.4 1.1  10 2.5 
Net commodity cash flow hedges  –  – –  –  (2.0)  –  (2.0)  – (2.0)  
Remeasurement  loss on defined  
benefit pension scheme  –  – –  –  (0.6)  –  (0.6)  – (0.6)  
Share of other comprehensive income 
of  associates and joint ventures  –  – –  –  6.0  –  6.0  – 6.0  
Fair value adjustment on other financial assets  –  – –  –  0.1  –  0.1  – 0.1  
Tax relating to components of other 
comprehensive income  –  – –  (2.0)  0.2  –  (1.8)  – (1.8)  
Total comprehensive income  – – – 99 . 4  3.7  411.4  51 4 . 5  (6.1)  5 08 . 4  
Transactions with owners           
Dividends paid  –  – –  –  –  (368.3)  (368.3)  – (368.3)  
Share - based payments  –  – 8.7  –  –  –  8.7  – 8.7  
Tax effects on share - based payments  –  – 1.0  –  –  –  1.0  – 1.0  
Shares reallocated relating to share -
based  payments  –  8.9  –  –  –  (8.9)  – – – 
Vesting of share - based payments  –  – (4.1)  –  –  4.1  – – – 
Reclassification of financial assets  –  – –  –  5.3  (5.3)  – – – 
Total transactions with owners  – 8.9  5.6  – 5.3  (378.4)  (358.6)  – (358.6)  
Balance at 31 December 2025  599.2  (60.2)  2,551.5 (53 3.3 )  (8.5)  1,857.6 4,40 6.3 38.5  4,44 4.8 
 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 149
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 152]
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT  OF                                 
CHANGES IN EQUITY  
For the year ended 31 December 2024  
150  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
(in $ millions)  
Issued 
share 
capital  
Treasury  
shares  
Paid in 
surplus  
Translation 
reserve  
Other 
reserves  
Retained 
earnings  Total  
Non -
controlling 
interests  
Total  
equity  
Balance at 1 January 2024  608.6  (31.1)  2,579.7  (607.2)  (7.3)  1,780.3  4,323.0 34.1 4,357.1 
Comprehensive income           
Net income  –  – –  –  –  201.4  201.4  15.2  216.6  
Net foreign currency translation losses  –  – –  (21.3)  –  –  (21.3)  (0.6)  (21.9)  
Net commodity cash flow hedge losses  –  – –  –  (2.5)  –  (2.5)  – (2.5)  
Remeasurement  gain on defined  
benefit pension scheme  –  – –  –  0.9  –  0.9  – 0.9  
Share of other comprehensive loss 
of  associates and joint ventures  –  – –  –  (8.4)  –  (8.4)  – (8.4)  
Tax relating to components of other 
comprehensive income  –  – –  2.2  (0.2)  –  2.0  – 2.0  
Total comprehensive income  – – – (19.1)  (10.2)  201.4  172.1  14.6  186.7  
Transactions with owners           
Dividends paid  –  – –  –  –  (163.1)  (163.1)  – (163.1)  
Shares repurchased  –  (87.3)  –  –  –  –  (87.3)  – (87.3)  
Share cancellation  (9.4)  46.7  (37.3)  –  –  –  – – – 
Share - based payments  –  – 6.2  –  –  –  6.2  – 6.2  
Vesting of share - based payments  –  – (3.3)  –  –  3.3  – – – 
Tax effects on share - based payments  –  – 0.6  –  –  –  0.6  – 0.6  
Shares reallocated relating to share -
based  payments  –  2.6  –  –  –  (2.6)  – – – 
Reclassification adjustment relating 
to  ownership interests  –  – –  (6.4)  –  5.3  (1.1)  (4.1)  (5.2)  
Total transactions with owners  (9.4)  (38.0)  (33.8)  (6.4)  – (157.1)  (244.7)  (4.1)  (248.8)  
Balance at 31 December 2024  599.2  (69.1)  2,545.9  (632.7)  (17.5)  1,824.6 4,250.4 44.6  4,295.0 
 
 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025150
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 153]
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT  OF                                 
CHANGES IN EQUITY  
For the year ended 31 December 2024  
150  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
(in $ millions)  
Issued 
share 
capital  
Treasury  
shares  
Paid in 
surplus  
Translation 
reserve  
Other 
reserves  
Retained 
earnings  Total  
Non -
controlling 
interests  
Total  
equity  
Balance at 1 January 2024  608.6  (31.1)  2,579.7  (607.2)  (7.3)  1,780.3  4,323.0 34.1 4,357.1 
Comprehensive income           
Net income  –  – –  –  –  201.4  201.4  15.2  216.6  
Net foreign currency translation losses  –  – –  (21.3)  –  –  (21.3)  (0.6)  (21.9)  
Net commodity cash flow hedge losses  –  – –  –  (2.5)  –  (2.5)  – (2.5)  
Remeasurement  gain on defined  
benefit pension scheme  –  – –  –  0.9  –  0.9  – 0.9  
Share of other comprehensive loss 
of  associates and joint ventures  –  – –  –  (8.4)  –  (8.4)  – (8.4)  
Tax relating to components of other 
comprehensive income  –  – –  2.2  (0.2)  –  2.0  – 2.0  
Total comprehensive income  – – – (19.1)  (10.2)  201.4  172.1  14.6  186.7  
Transactions with owners           
Dividends paid  –  – –  –  –  (163.1)  (163.1)  – (163.1)  
Shares repurchased  –  (87.3)  –  –  –  –  (87.3)  – (87.3)  
Share cancellation  (9.4)  46.7  (37.3)  –  –  –  – – – 
Share - based payments  –  – 6.2  –  –  –  6.2  – 6.2  
Vesting of share - based payments  –  – (3.3)  –  –  3.3  – – – 
Tax effects on share - based payments  –  – 0.6  –  –  –  0.6  – 0.6  
Shares reallocated relating to share -
based  payments  –  2.6  –  –  –  (2.6)  – – – 
Reclassification adjustment relating 
to  ownership interests  –  – –  (6.4)  –  5.3  (1.1)  (4.1)  (5.2)  
Total transactions with owners  (9.4)  (38.0)  (33.8)  (6.4)  – (157.1)  (244.7)  (4.1)  (248.8)  
Balance at 31 December 2024  599.2  (69.1)  2,545.9  (632.7)  (17.5)  1,824.6  4,250.4  44.6  4,295.0  
 
 
CONSOLIDATED  CASH FLOW                               
STATEMENT 
151  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
(in $ millions)  Notes  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Operating activities     
Income before taxes   621.8  368.2  
Adjustments for non - cash items:     
Impairment of goodwill   17.6  6.2  
Impairment of property, plant and equipment ,  intangible assets  and right - of - use 
 
13,14 , 15  13.6  15.8  
Impairment of in teres ts in associates and joint ventures   1.7  –   
Depreciation and amortisation charges  6  679.2  622.5  
Movement  in foreign exchange embedded derivatives   69.2  (105.8)  
Adjustments for investing and financing items:     
Share of net income of associates and joint ventures (a) 16  (38.0)  (38.0)  
Net (gain)/ loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and maturity 
of  lease liabilities  6 (2.4)  0.1  
Remeasurement loss on business combination  7  –  0.9  
Release of contingent consideration post measurement period  33 (0.3)  –   
Finance income  8  (22.8)  (24.4)  
Finance costs  8  87.3  101.2  
Adjustments for equity items:     
Share - based payments  3 5  8.7  6.2  
  1,435.6  952.9  
Changes in working capital:     
Decrease in inventories   0.4  0.9  
(Increase)/d ecrease in trade and other receivables   ( 199 . 7 )  185.9  
D ecrease/(increase) in construction contract – assets   153.2  ( 338.7)  
Increase in other working capital assets   (59.2)  (6.6)  
(Decrease)/i ncrease in trade and other liabilities   ( 10 . 8 )  24.2  
Increase in construction contract – liabilities   37 9 . 0  186.1  
(Decrease)/i ncrease in other working capital liabilities   (2 9 . 2 )  3.7  
Net movement in working capital   233.7  55.5  
Income taxes paid   (198.6)  (77.0)  
Net cash generated from operating activities   1,470.7  931.4  
Cash flows used in investing activities     
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment   1.8  59.7  
Purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets   (281.0)  (348.7)  
Investments in associates and joint ventures   –  (153.3)   
Interest received  8  22.8  24.4  
Acquisition of business (net of cash acquired)   (2.8)  –  
Dividends received from associates and joint ventures  16  41.2  3.4  
Repayment of loan by  joint venture   4.4  0.9  
Net cash used in investing activities   (213.6)  (413.6)  
Cash flows used in financing activities     
Interest paid   (66.3)  (75.6)  
Proceeds from borrowings   50.0  170.0  
Repayment of borrowings   (189.4)  (294.8)  
Cost of share repurchases  2 5  –  (87.3)  
Payments related to lease liabilities –  principal  2 8  (266.8)  (189.6)  
Payments related to lease liabilities – interest  2 8  (25.1)  (33.6)  
Acquisition of shares in non - wholly - owned subsidiary   –  (6.4)  
Dividends paid to shareholders of the parent company  10  (376.2)  (162.9)  
Net cash used in financing activities  3 3  (873.8)  (680.2)  
Net increase/( decrease )  in cash and cash equivalents   383.3  (162.4)  
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year  2 3  575.3  750.9  
Decrease/(i ncrease ) in restricted cash   3.5  (2.1)  
Effect of foreign exchange rate movements on cash and cash equivalents   7.6  (11.1)  
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year  2 3  969.7  575.3  
(a)  Share of net income of associates and joint ventures excludes an impairment charge of $1.7 million (2024: $nil).
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 151
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 154]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED                            
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
152  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
1. General information  
By virtue of its incorporation in Luxembourg, Subsea 7 S.A. is a company domiciled  in Luxembourg whose common shares 
trade on  Oslo Børs and as American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) over- the - counter in the US. The address of the registered 
office is 412F, route d ’Esch, L - 1471  Luxembourg . 
Subsea 7 S.A. is the holding company of the Subsea7 Group . Subsea 7 S.A.’s principal place of business is Luxembourg. 
The  Subsea7 Group  is a global leader in the delivery of offshore projects and services for the evolving energy industry.  
The Group provides products and services required for subsea field development, including project management, design and 
engineering, procurement, fabrication, survey, installation and commissioning of production facilities on the seabed and the 
tie- back o f these facilities to  fixed or floating platforms or to the shore. T he Group offers a full spectrum of products and 
capabilities including remotely operated vehicles and tooling services to support exploration and production activities and 
to  deliver full  life - of - field services  to its clients.  Through its  Renewables business unit, the Group offers expertise in the fixed 
and floating  wind market, including  the  procurement and installation of  offshore wind turbine foundations and in ter- array 
cables as well as heavy lifting operations for renewables structures and heavy transportation services . The Group provides 
engineering and advisory services to  clients  in the oil  and  gas, renewables and utilities industries through its wholly - owned , 
autonomous subsidiar ies  Xodus  and 4Subsea .  
Authorisation of Consolidated Financial Statements  
Under Luxembourg law, the Consolidated Financial Statements are approved by the shareholders at the Annual General 
Meeting . The  Consolidated Financial Statements were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 25 February  2026. 
Presentation of Consolidated Financial Statements  
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) as issued  by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and as adopted by the European Union (EU). 
The  Consolidated Financial Statements comply with Article 4 of the EU IAS Regulation.  
Amounts in the Consolidated Financial Statements are stated in US d ollars ($), the currency of the primary economic environment 
in which the Group operates. Group entities whose functional currency is not the US d ollar are consolidated in accordance 
with the policies set out in  Note 3 ‘Material  accounting  policies ’. 
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for the revaluation of certain 
financial instruments and balances required to be measured at fair value. The principal accounting policies adopted are consi stent  
with the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 , except where stated  in Note 2 ‘Adoption 
of new accounting standards’. 
Going concern  
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared on the going concern basis. Management has concluded that 
there are no  sig nificant doubts over the application of the going concern assumption and no disclosable material uncertainties 
which cast doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.  
At 31 December 2025, the Group had a solid cash position with cash and cash equivalents of $969.7 million. Total borrowings 
were $583.7 million, with amounts drawn under both of the Group’s UK Export Finance facilities and the Group’s South 
Korean Export C redit Agency facility. The Group’s $600 million multi - currency revolving credit and guarantee facility was 
unutilised.  
The Group’s borrowings and guarantee facilities contain financial covenants, including a maximum level of net debt to earning s 
before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation. During the year ended 31 December 2025, all financial covenants were met 
wit h significant headroom, and the Group expects to be able to comply with all financial covenants during the going concern 
assessment period, being 12 months from the date of signing of the Consolidated Financial Statements by the Subsea 7 S.A. 
directors.  Th e Group ended the year with backlog of $13.8 billion, an increase of $2.6 billion compared to 31 December 2024.  
On 23 February 2025, Subsea 7 S.A. and Saipem S.p.A. signed a M emorandum of Understanding to regulate the terms of a 
possible merger between the two companies. Subsequently, on 2 3 July 2025, Subsea 7 S.A. and Saipem S.p.A. entered into 
a binding merger agreement, governing the final terms of the proposed merger including the combination of the Group’s 
business with the Asset Based Services business of Saipem S.p.A., including Offshore Wind, and form an operationally 
autonomous company with in the new combined group. The proposed merger is subject to conditions precedent, including 
regulatory approval in certain jurisdictions, and anticipated to be completed in the second half of 2026 . 
Upon completion of the conditions precedent including obtaining the required regulatory approvals, and as approved 
on  the  25 September 2025 by the shareholders of Subsea 7 S.A. and Saipem S.p.A. respectively, the proposed business 
combination will be effected by way of an EU cross - border statutory merger of the Group’s parent company, Subsea 7 S.A. 
into Saipem S.p.A. within t he meaning of the provisions of the European Directive (EU) 2017/1132 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017 re lating to certain aspects of company law, and Directive (EU) 2019/2121 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 as regards cross - border conversions, 
mergers and divisions (the EU Mobility Directive). By virtue of the proposed merger, Subsea 7 S.A., a company incorporated in 
Luxembourg, will be absorbed by Saipem S.p.A., a company incorporated in Italy, which  will acquire all assets and assume all 
liabilities and other legal relationships of Subsea 7  S.A. and will be renamed Saipem7 S.p.A.   
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025152
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 155]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED                            
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
152  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
1. General information  
By virtue of its incorporation in Luxembourg, Subsea 7 S.A. is a company domiciled  in Luxembourg whose common shares 
trade on  Oslo Børs and as American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) over- the - counter in the US. The address of the registered 
office is 412F, route d ’Esch, L - 1471  Luxembourg . 
Subsea 7 S.A. is the holding company of the Subsea7 Group . Subsea 7 S.A.’s principal place of business is Luxembourg. 
The  Subsea7 Group  is a global leader in the delivery of offshore projects and services for the evolving energy industry.  
The Group provides products and services required for subsea field development, including project management, design and 
engineering, procurement, fabrication, survey, installation and commissioning of production facilities on the seabed and the 
tie- back o f these facilities to  fixed or floating platforms or to the shore. T he Group offers a full spectrum of products and 
capabilities including remotely operated vehicles and tooling services to support exploration and production activities and 
to  deliver full  life - of - field services  to its clients.  Through its  Renewables business unit, the Group offers expertise in the fixed 
and floating  wind market, including  the  procurement and installation of  offshore wind turbine foundations and in ter- array 
cables as well as heavy lifting operations for renewables structures and heavy transportation services . The Group provides 
engineering and advisory services to  clients  in the oil  and  gas, renewables and utilities industries through its wholly - owned , 
autonomous subsidiar ies  Xodus  and 4Subsea .  
Authorisation of Consolidated Financial Statements  
Under Luxembourg law, the Consolidated Financial Statements are approved by the shareholders at the Annual General 
Meeting . The  Consolidated Financial Statements were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 25 February  2026. 
Presentation of Consolidated Financial Statements  
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) as issued  by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and as adopted by the European Union (EU). 
The  Consolidated Financial Statements comply with Article 4 of the EU IAS Regulation.  
Amounts in the Consolidated Financial Statements are stated in US d ollars ($), the currency of the primary economic environment 
in which the Group operates. Group entities whose functional currency is not the US d ollar are consolidated in accordance 
with the policies set out in  Note 3 ‘Material  accounting  policies ’. 
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for the revaluation of certain 
financial instruments and balances required to be measured at fair value. The principal accounting policies adopted are consi stent  
with the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 , except where stated  in Note 2 ‘Adoption 
of new accounting standards’. 
Going concern  
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared on the going concern basis. Management has concluded that 
there are no  sig nificant doubts over the application of the going concern assumption and no disclosable material uncertainties 
which cast doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.  
At 31 December 2025, the Group had a solid cash position with cash and cash equivalents of $969.7 million. Total borrowings 
were $583.7 million, with amounts drawn under both of the Group’s UK Export Finance facilities and the Group’s South 
Korean Export C redit Agency facility. The Group’s $600 million multi - currency revolving credit and guarantee facility was 
unutilised.  
The Group’s borrowings and guarantee facilities contain financial covenants, including a maximum level of net debt to earning s 
before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation. During the year ended 31 December 2025, all financial covenants were met 
wit h significant headroom, and the Group expects to be able to comply with all financial covenants during the going concern 
assessment period, being 12 months from the date of signing of the Consolidated Financial Statements by the Subsea 7 S.A. 
directors.  Th e Group ended the year with backlog of $13.8 billion, an increase of $2.6 billion compared to 31 December 2024.  
On 23 February 2025, Subsea 7 S.A. and Saipem S.p.A. signed a M emorandum of Understanding to regulate the terms of a 
possible merger between the two companies. Subsequently, on 2 3 July 2025, Subsea 7 S.A. and Saipem S.p.A. entered into 
a binding merger agreement, governing the final terms of the proposed merger including the combination of the Group’s 
business with the Asset Based Services business of Saipem S.p.A., including Offshore Wind, and form an operationally 
autonomous company with in the new combined group. The proposed merger is subject to conditions precedent, including 
regulatory approval in certain jurisdictions, and anticipated to be completed in the second half of 2026 . 
Upon completion of the conditions precedent including obtaining the required regulatory approvals, and as approved 
on  the  25 September 2025 by the shareholders of Subsea 7 S.A. and Saipem S.p.A. respectively, the proposed business 
combination will be effected by way of an EU cross - border statutory merger of the Group’s parent company, Subsea 7 S.A. 
into Saipem S.p.A. within t he meaning of the provisions of the European Directive (EU) 2017/1132 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017 re lating to certain aspects of company law, and Directive (EU) 2019/2121 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 as regards cross - border conversions, 
mergers and divisions (the EU Mobility Directive). By virtue of the proposed merger, Subsea 7 S.A., a company incorporated in 
Luxembourg, will be absorbed by Saipem S.p.A., a company incorporated in Italy, which  will acquire all assets and assume all 
liabilities and other legal relationships of Subsea 7  S.A. and will be renamed Saipem7 S.p.A.   
 
153  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
The absorption of Subsea 7 S.A. into Saipem S.p.A . (renamed Saipem7 S.p.A.) itself will have no impact on the Group’s 
ongoing operations or the ability of the Group to continue as a going concern. Completion of the proposed merger is subject 
to, among other things, the admission to listing and trading of the shares of the combined company on Euronext Oslo in 
Norway. The merged company, Saipem7 S.p.A. will remain incorporated in Italy  and listed on Euronext Milan in Italy .  
Management considers that the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern will not be impacted should the proposed 
merger not be completed. The Group will generate sufficient cash flow and have access to adequate liquidity to support 
the  assumption that the Group will continue as a going concern. Management has performed stress tests of future cash 
flow  forecasts to evaluate the impact of severe but plausible downside scenarios. These include scenarios which reflect 
extended  periods of low energy prices and potential operational - related issues which could adversely impact the Group. 
In  all  scenarios, which factor in an evaluation of whether the proposed merger completes or does not complete, m anagement 
identified no forecast breaches of banking covenants and demonstrated sufficient liquidity for the Group.  
Macroeconomic environment  
During the year ended 31 December 202 5 , the Group’s interest and fees on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
were $ 50 .2 million ( 2024 : $70 .7  million), as disclosed within Note 8 ‘Finance income and finance cost s ’. Management has  
prepared an interest rate sensitivity analysis disclosed within the liquidity risk section of Note 3 3 ‘Financial i nstruments’. 
At  31  December 2025 , the Group’s liquidity, represented by cash and cash equivalents and undrawn borrowing facilities, 
was  $1.6 billion ( 31 December 2024 : $ 1.3  billion).  
Measurement and disclosure of climate- related matters 
Management has evaluated and provided relevant information to permit users of the Consolidated Financial S tatements to 
assess how material climate - related matters were considered in preparing the Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
From 1 January 2024, the Group has elected to report, on a voluntary basis pending transposition into Luxembourg Law, 
discl osures related to the European Union (EU) Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD), with the applicable 
European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS). The disclosures under CSRD on pages 70 to 126 provide  users 
information on climate - related impacts, risks and opportunities related to the Group.  
The Group ’s current assessment of the range of economic and climate - related conditions that could exist in transitioning  
to a low er- carbon economy are reflected in the Group ’s medium and long - term plans. These considerations  may affect 
certain significant judgements and key estimates  impacting the Consolidated Financial S tatements. The primary matters 
considered were:  
Non -current assets 
At 31 December 2025 , t he Group’s owned vessels represented  in excess of 85 % of the total carrying amount of property, 
plant and equipment. Management considers that judgements and estimates impacted by climate - related considerations 
are most relevant to the  matters below:  
• carrying amount of assets  
• impairment testing and value - in - use calculations  
• remaining useful economic life of assets and residual values  
The majority of the Group’s vessels are deployed on oil and gas activities, and it is expected that oil and gas will continue  
to  represent a significant, although declining component of the global energy mix until at least 2050 during the transition to 
sustainable lower - carbon  sources of  energy. Management considers that the Group is in a position to continue to utilise its 
vessels for oil and gas development and adapt certain vessels, where required, to perform non - oil and gas projects. Typically,  
new- build vessels are depreciated over 25 years, but a vessel can continue to be utilised beyond this period with appropriate 
levels of capital expenditure . T he useful economic life and residual values of vessels are reviewed annually. No amendments 
were made to useful lives,  and no indicators of impairment were identified as a direct result of climate - related matters for the 
year ended 31 December 202 5 (2024: none).  
C ash flow  forecasts 
Estimating future global energy demand  and supply  and  the pace of future technological change  is challenging and c ustomer  
and competitor behaviour, political developments and government actions may  impact the Group ’s operations . Cash flow 
projections used for impairment testing include climate- related risks and opportunities which may impact the Group’s 
revenue, costs, including research and development costs, and capital expenditure.  Management considers that costs 
related to the physical impacts of climate change, such as rising temperatures or the severity of weather events will not 
significantly impact the Group. The impacts of the enactment of future government or legislative policies are  not currently 
factored into the cash flow projections utilised for impairment testing.   
 
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 153
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 156]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
154  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
1. General information continued 
Cash flow forecasts continued 
Terminal value cash flows within impairment modelling are calculated using an estimated sustainable cash flow level, 
reflecting climate- related aspects. International Financial Reporting Standards require the application of a steady or 
declining  growth rate unless an increasing rate can be justified. Growth rates applied to the Group’s Corporate and Subsea 
and Conventional business unit s are 2%, in line with the prior year, to align with expected demand for the Group’s assets 
and  resources in the medium to long - term , which covers a five - year period and beyond. Third - party projections indicate 
that offshore oil and gas will continue to be a significant source of energy through to  2050 and beyond. A growth rate of 
4%  has  been applied to the Group’s Renewables business unit reflecting the growing renewables sector within the transition to 
a lower - carbon economy. The discount rate utilised for these modelling calculations has not been adjusted for climate- related risk 
as these risks are adequately captured in the Group’s medium and long - term plans and terminal value cash flows calculations.   
Capital expenditure 
Management has considered whether transitioning to a lower- carbon economy may lead to higher capital expenditure 
costs  to develop or acquire technology  to comply with environmental requirements  and the Group’s sustainability ambitions . 
Management has applied judgement when determining whether climate- related capital expenditure necessary to meet 
emission reduction targets is considered maintenance or enhancement.  In compliance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards, cash flow projections utilised for impairment testing include maintenance capital expenditure only.  Management 
continues to consider the development of lower - carbon emission s technologies which may be utilised by the vessel fleet in 
particular. Decarbonisation measures through the use of efficient, cleaner  fuels,  mainly related to the Group’s vessel fleet, 
form a key part in the transition to lower - carbon emissions, but are dependent upon the development of suitable alternative 
fuels being available globally , at scale and being commercially viable.  
Access to financial products 
The Group utilises funding and financial products from financial institutions, such as banks and insurance companies. 
Certain  institutions may reduce or stop providing funding and financial products to the Group based on climate -related 
considerations, this could result in higher costs for the Group. Management takes climate - related factors into consideration 
to ensure the Group’s capacity and diversity of financial products is appropriate.  
Emission trading schemes 
A ctivities related to the Group’s heavy transport vessels  i ncur costs related to the E U Emissions Trading Scheme. During the 
year, the Group has  p urchase d emissions allowances which are  held for the Group’s own use . Emission s allowances are 
recognised as a cost  with in operating expenses  in the Group’s Consolidated Income Statement, in line with the associated 
activity . Emis s ions a llowances purchased  exceeding emissions incurred to date are carried at cost within other current 
receivables on the Group’s Consolidated Balance Sheet.  No emissions allowances  are purchased and held for trading 
purposes.  Amounts received  from clients related to emissions allowances are recognised  in accordance with IFRS 15 
‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’, as one combined performance obligation.   
2. Adoption of new accounting standards  
Effective new accounting standards 
No new International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) were adopted by the Group for the year beginning 1 January 202 5. 
Several amendments to existing IFRS were applied for the first time in 202 5 but did not have a material impact on the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Group.  
The Group has not early adopted any standards, interpretations or amendments that have been issued but are not yet 
effective. There are no IFRS standards or amendments that have been issued but not yet adopted which  are expected to 
have a material impact on  the Group.  
3. Material accounting policies  
Basis of consolidation 
The Consolidated Financial Statements incorporate the financial statements of Subsea 7 S.A. (the Company) and entities 
controlled by  the Company (its subsidiaries). Control is assumed to exist where the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable  
returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investe e. 
Subsidiaries 
Assets, liabilities, income and expenses of a subsidiary are included in the Consolidated Financial Statements from the date 
the Group obtains control over the subsidiary until the date the Group ceases to control the subsidiary. Changes in the Group ’s 
interest in a subsidiary that do not result in the Group ceasing to control that subsidiary are accounted for as equity transactions.  
Note 39 ‘ Wholly - owned subsidiaries ’ includes information related to wholly - owned subsidiaries which are included in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group.  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025154
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 157]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
154  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
1. General information continued 
Cash flow forecasts continued 
Terminal value cash flows within impairment modelling are calculated using an estimated sustainable cash flow level, 
reflecting climate- related aspects. International Financial Reporting Standards require the application of a steady or 
declining  growth rate unless an increasing rate can be justified. Growth rates applied to the Group’s Corporate and Subsea 
and Conventional business unit s are 2%, in line with the prior year, to align with expected demand for the Group’s assets 
and  resources in the medium to long - term , which covers a five - year period and beyond. Third - party projections indicate 
that offshore oil and gas will continue to be a significant source of energy through to  2050 and beyond. A growth rate of 
4%  has  been applied to the Group’s Renewables business unit reflecting the growing renewables sector within the transition to 
a lower - carbon economy. The discount rate utilised for these modelling calculations has not been adjusted for climate- related risk 
as these risks are adequately captured in the Group’s medium and long - term plans and terminal value cash flows calculations.   
Capital expenditure 
Management has considered whether transitioning to a lower- carbon economy may lead to higher capital expenditure 
costs  to develop or acquire technology  to comply with environmental requirements  and the Group’s sustainability ambitions . 
Management has applied judgement when determining whether climate- related capital expenditure necessary to meet 
emission reduction targets is considered maintenance or enhancement.  In compliance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards, cash flow projections utilised for impairment testing include maintenance capital expenditure only.  Management 
continues to consider the development of lower - carbon emission s technologies which may be utilised by the vessel fleet in 
particular. Decarbonisation measures through the use of efficient, cleaner  fuels,  mainly related to the Group’s vessel fleet, 
form a key part in the transition to lower - carbon emissions, but are dependent upon the development of suitable alternative 
fuels being available globally , at scale and being commercially viable.  
Access to financial products 
The Group utilises funding and financial products from financial institutions, such as banks and insurance companies. 
Certain  institutions may reduce or stop providing funding and financial products to the Group based on climate -related 
considerations, this could result in higher costs for the Group. Management takes climate - related factors into consideration 
to ensure the Group’s capacity and diversity of financial products is appropriate.  
Emission trading schemes 
A ctivities related to the Group’s heavy transport vessels  i ncur costs related to the E U Emissions Trading Scheme. During the 
year, the Group has  p urchase d emissions allowances which are  held for the Group’s own use . Emission s allowances are 
recognised as a cost  with in operating expenses  in the Group’s Consolidated Income Statement, in line with the associated 
activity . Emis s ions a llowances purchased  exceeding emissions incurred to date are carried at cost within other current 
receivables on the Group’s Consolidated Balance Sheet.  No emissions allowances  are purchased and held for trading 
purposes.  Amounts received  from clients related to emissions allowances are recognised  in accordance with IFRS 15 
‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’, as one combined performance obligation.   
2. Adoption of new accounting standards  
Effective new accounting standards 
No new International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) were adopted by the Group for the year beginning 1 January 202 5. 
Several amendments to existing IFRS were applied for the first time in 202 5 but did not have a material impact on the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Group.  
The Group has not early adopted any standards, interpretations or amendments that have been issued but are not yet 
effective. There are no IFRS standards or amendments that have been issued but not yet adopted which  are expected to 
have a material impact on  the Group.  
3. Material accounting policies  
Basis of consolidation 
The Consolidated Financial Statements incorporate the financial statements of Subsea 7 S.A. (the Company) and entities 
controlled by  the Company (its subsidiaries). Control is assumed to exist where the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable  
returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investe e. 
Subsidiaries 
Assets, liabilities, income and expenses of a subsidiary are included in the Consolidated Financial Statements from the date 
the Group obtains control over the subsidiary until the date the Group ceases to control the subsidiary. Changes in the Group ’s 
interest in a subsidiary that do not result in the Group ceasing to control that subsidiary are accounted for as equity transactions.  
Note 39 ‘ Wholly - owned subsidiaries ’ includes information related to wholly - owned subsidiaries which are included in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group.  
  
 
155  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
All subsidiaries are wholly - owned (100%) except those listed in Note 2 6 ‘ Non - controlling interests ’. Non - controlling interests 
comprise equity  interests in subsidiaries which are not attributable, directly or indirectly, to the Company. Non - controlling 
interests in the net assets or liabilities of subsidiaries are identified separately from the equity attributable to shareholders 
of  the parent company. Non - controlling interests consist of the amount of those interests at the date that the Group obtains 
cont rol over the subsidiary together with  the non - controlling shareholders ’ share of net income or loss and other 
comprehensive income or loss since that date.  
Interests in associates and joint arrangements 
An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence, but not control, and which is neither a subsidiary nor 
a joint venture. Significant influence is defined as the right to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions  o f the 
investee but  is not  control or joint control over those policies.   
Interests in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method. Under this method, the investment is 
recognised in  the Consolidated Balance Sheet at cost plus post- acquisition changes in the Group ’s share of net assets of the 
associate or joint venture, less any provisions for impairment. The Consolidated Income Statement reflects the Group ’s share 
of net income or loss of the associate or joint venture. Losses in excess of the Group ’s interest (which includes any long - term 
interests that, in substance, form part of the Group ’s net investment) are only recognised to the extent that the Group has 
incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture. Where there has 
been a change recognised directly in the equity of the associate  or joint venture, the Group recognises its share in the 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.  
The Group executes projects through unstructured joint operations where contracts are entered into by individual entities of 
the Group.  Each party to the joint operation is responsible for their own specific contractual scope with associated revenue, 
expen ses, assets and liabilities recognised in the Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
Foreign currency translation 
Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items recognised  in the financial statements of each 
entity are measured using that functional currency. Functional currency is defined as the currency of the primary economic 
environment in which the entity operates. While this is usually the local currency, the US d ollar is designated as the functional 
currency of certain entities where transactions and cash flows are predominantly in US d ollars.  
All transactions in non - functional currencies are initially translated into the functional currency of each entity at the exchange 
rate prevailing at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non - functional currencies are 
translated to the  functional currency at the exchange rate prevailing at the balance sheet date.  
All resulting exchange rate gains and losses are recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement. Non - monetary items 
which are measured at historical cost in a non - functional currency are translated into the functional currency using the 
exchange rates prevailing at the  dates of the initial transactions. Non - monetary items which are measured at fair value in a 
non - functional currency are translated to the  functional currency using the exchange rate prevailing at the date when the fair 
value was determined.  
Foreign exchange revaluations of short - term intra -g roup balances denominated in non - functional currencies are recognised 
in the Consolidated Income Statement. Revaluations of long - term intra-g roup loans are recognised in the translation reserve 
in equity.  
The assets and liabilities of operations which have a non - US d ollar functional currency are translated into the Group ’s 
reporting currency, US d ollar, at the exchange rate prevailing at the balance sheet date. The exchange rate differences 
arising on the translation are recognised in the translation reserve in equity. Income and expenditure items are translated 
at the weighted average exchange rates  for the year. On disposal of an entity with a non - US d ollar functional currency the 
cumulative translation adjustment previously recognised in the translation reserve in equity is reclassified to the Consolidated 
Income Statement. At 31 December 20 25 , the exchange rates of the main currencies used throughout the Group, compared 
to the US d ollar, were as follows:  
GBP  0.7 43  
EUR  0. 850  
NOK  1 0.103  
BRL  5.544  
Revenue from contracts with customers  
The Group applies the IFRS 15 ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers ’ five- step model whereby revenue is recognised at 
an amount which reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or 
services to a customer.  
The Group ’s revenue comprises revenue recognised from contracts with customers for the provision of long - term fixed - price 
contracts, services under charter agreements, day - rate contracts, reimbursable contracts, cost- plus contracts (and similar 
contracts), each of w hich are considered to comprise one performance obligation. The following is a description of the 
principal activities, by operating segment, from  which the Group generates revenue as disclosed in the disaggregated 
revenue analysis Note 5 ‘Segment information ’.   
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 155
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 158]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
156  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
3. Material accounting policies continued 
S ubsea  and Conventional 
S ubsea  and Conventional work, which includes Engineering, Procurement, Installation and Commissioning (EPIC) contracts, 
is generally contracted on a fixed - price basis. The costs and margins realised on such contracts  vary depend ing  on a number 
of factors which may  result in reduced margins or, in some cases, losses. The promised goods and services within each 
contract are considered to be distinct as a bundle under IFRS 15. Due to the significant integration, customisation and highl y 
interrelated nature of the work performed they form one performance obligation with revenue being recognised over time. 
During a contract, work is performed for the sole benefit of the client who continually monitors progress. Clients may also 
participate in the supplier selection processes for procured items.  
During the offshore phase of a contract, the Group typically executes work related to the installation of the client’s assets . 
Due to the nature of the work performed , the Group would not have an alternative use for the works performed under a 
contract for a specific client.  The transaction price for these types of contracts, where there is an element of variable consideration,  
which includes  variation orders, claims, bonuses and liquidated damages , is based upon the single most likely outcome.   
Any additional work, such as scope changes or variation orders, as well as other variable consideration, will be included within 
the total price once the amounts can be reasonably estimated and management has concluded that it is highly probable that 
recognition will not result in a significant revenue reversal in a future period.  
For EPIC contracts, revenue is recognised in each period based upon the advancement of the work - in - progress. The input 
method used to  progressively recognise revenue over time is based upon percentage - of - completion whereby total costs 
incurred to date are compared with total forecast costs at completion of the contract. This method provides a faithful 
depiction of the transfer of goods and services to the customer. Any significant upfront procurement which is not customised 
for the specific contract is not included within the actual cost of work  performed until such time as the costs incurred are 
proportionate to the progress in satisfying the performance obligation. Similarly, an  adjustment to the measurement of 
progress may be required where significant inefficiencies occur which results in the costs associated with ineff i ciencies 
being excluded from the total forecast cost - at - completion to estimate percentage - of - completion . Typically,  payment is due 
from the customer between 30 to 60 days following the iss uance of the invoice , although this may be longer depending upon 
the client or customary payment terms in certain geographies. The contracts have no significant financing component as the 
period between when the Group transfers promised goods or services to a customer and when the customer pays for those 
goods or services will be one year or less. In  circumstances where the Group has recognised revenue, but not issued 
an  invoice, the conditional entitlement to consideration is recognised as a construction c ontract asset. The construction 
contract asset  is transferred to  trade and other receivables in accordance with the contractual  milestone schedule which 
reflects the unconditional entitlement to payment. T he time elapsing before transfer to trade and other receivables may 
be  different between contracts depending upon the contractual terms and conditions. Construction contract liabilities arise 
when progress billings to date exceed contract revenues recognised. Construction contract asset and liability balan ces 
at 31  December 202 5 and 2024 are disclosed within Note 2 2 ‘ Construction contracts ’. Assurance type warranty periods 
commence at the completion of the contractual obligations and typically have a duration of between one and  three years.  
The Group ’s Pipelay Support Vessel (PLSV) contracts, offshore Brazil, are also included within Subsea and Conventional . 
PLSV revenue is  based upon an agreed schedule of work applied to a range of daily operating activities pre - agreed with the 
customer. As such these contracts are considered to be distinct as a pattern and hence one performance obligation under 
the guidelines within IFRS 15 . Each day  is  distinct with the overall promise being the delivery of a series of days which have 
the same pattern of transfer to the customer. The transaction price for all PLSV contracts is determined by the expected 
value approach being the number of days multiplied by the expected day- rate. This method of revenue recognition for PLSV 
contracts provides a faithful depiction of the transfer of goods and services. Typically,  the value of work completed in any 
one month corresponds directly with the Group ’s right to payment. Payment is due from the client approximately 60 days 
following invoice date. These contracts have no significant financing component. Unbilled revenue related to work  completed  
for the customer is included within Note 2 1 ‘ Other accrued income and prepaid expenses' .  
Certain Brazil ian  contracts contain escalation clauses which allow for inflationary adjustments on an annual basis to both 
revenue and costs denominated in Brazilian r eal. These are recognised as variable consideration and  are included within the 
total price once the amounts can be reasonably estimated,  and management has concluded that it is highly probable that 
recognition will not result in a significant revenue reversal in a future period.  
Front - end engineering and design (FEED) studies undertaken by the Group are also included within Subsea and 
Conventional  principally on a day - rate basis. Revenue recognition for day -r ate contracts is described in the paragraph below.   
The Group provides Remotely Operated Vehicles (ROVs), survey and inspection, drill - rig support and related solutions on 
a day - rate basis. Projects are contracted on the basis of an agreed schedule of rates applied to a range of daily operating 
activities. These contracts are considered to be distinct as a pattern and hence one performance obligation under the 
guidelines within IFRS 15. Each day is distinct with the overall promise being the delivery of a series of days that have the  
same pattern of transfer to the customer. The transaction price for all day - rate contracts is determined by the expected 
value approach , being the number of days multiplied by the expected day- rate. This method of revenue recognition for day -
rate contracts provides a faithful depiction of the transfer of goods and services. Typically,  the value of  work completed in 
any one month corresponds directly with Subsea7 ’s right to payment. Payment is due from the client approximately 30 –45 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025156
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 159]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
156  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
3. Material accounting policies continued 
S ubsea  and Conventional 
S ubsea  and Conventional work, which includes Engineering, Procurement, Installation and Commissioning (EPIC) contracts, 
is generally contracted on a fixed - price basis. The costs and margins realised on such contracts  vary depend ing  on a number 
of factors which may  result in reduced margins or, in some cases, losses. The promised goods and services within each 
contract are considered to be distinct as a bundle under IFRS 15. Due to the significant integration, customisation and highl y 
interrelated nature of the work performed they form one performance obligation with revenue being recognised over time. 
During a contract, work is performed for the sole benefit of the client who continually monitors progress. Clients may also 
participate in the supplier selection processes for procured items.  
During the offshore phase of a contract, the Group typically executes work related to the installation of the client’s assets . 
Due to the nature of the work performed , the Group would not have an alternative use for the works performed under a 
contract for a specific client.  The transaction price for these types of contracts, where there is an element of variable consideration,  
which includes  variation orders, claims, bonuses and liquidated damages , is based upon the single most likely outcome.   
Any additional work, such as scope changes or variation orders, as well as other variable consideration, will be included within 
the total price once the amounts can be reasonably estimated and management has concluded that it is highly probable that 
recognition will not result in a significant revenue reversal in a future period.  
For EPIC contracts, revenue is recognised in each period based upon the advancement of the work - in - progress. The input 
method used to  progressively recognise revenue over time is based upon percentage - of - completion whereby total costs 
incurred to date are compared with total forecast costs at completion of the contract. This method provides a faithful 
depiction of the transfer of goods and services to the customer. Any significant upfront procurement which is not customised 
for the specific contract is not included within the actual cost of work  performed until such time as the costs incurred are 
proportionate to the progress in satisfying the performance obligation. Similarly, an  adjustment to the measurement of 
progress may be required where significant inefficiencies occur which results in the costs associated with ineff i ciencies 
being excluded from the total forecast cost - at - completion to estimate percentage - of - completion . Typically,  payment is due 
from the customer between 30 to 60 days following the iss uance of the invoice , although this may be longer depending upon 
the client or customary payment terms in certain geographies. The contracts have no significant financing component as the 
period between when the Group transfers promised goods or services to a customer and when the customer pays for those 
goods or services will be one year or less. In  circumstances where the Group has recognised revenue, but not issued 
an  invoice, the conditional entitlement to consideration is recognised as a construction c ontract asset. The construction 
contract asset  is transferred to  trade and other receivables in accordance with the contractual  milestone schedule which 
reflects the unconditional entitlement to payment. T he time elapsing before transfer to trade and other receivables may 
be  different between contracts depending upon the contractual terms and conditions. Construction contract liabilities arise 
when progress billings to date exceed contract revenues recognised. Construction contract asset and liability balan ces 
at 31  December 202 5 and 2024 are disclosed within Note 2 2 ‘ Construction contracts ’. Assurance type warranty periods 
commence at the completion of the contractual obligations and typically have a duration of between one and  three years.  
The Group ’s Pipelay Support Vessel (PLSV) contracts, offshore Brazil, are also included within Subsea and Conventional . 
PLSV revenue is  based upon an agreed schedule of work applied to a range of daily operating activities pre - agreed with the 
customer. As such these contracts are considered to be distinct as a pattern and hence one performance obligation under 
the guidelines within IFRS 15 . Each day  is  distinct with the overall promise being the delivery of a series of days which have 
the same pattern of transfer to the customer. The transaction price for all PLSV contracts is determined by the expected 
value approach being the number of days multiplied by the expected day- rate. This method of revenue recognition for PLSV 
contracts provides a faithful depiction of the transfer of goods and services. Typically,  the value of work completed in any 
one month corresponds directly with the Group ’s right to payment. Payment is due from the client approximately 60 days 
following invoice date. These contracts have no significant financing component. Unbilled revenue related to work  completed  
for the customer is included within Note 2 1 ‘ Other accrued income and prepaid expenses' .  
Certain Brazil ian  contracts contain escalation clauses which allow for inflationary adjustments on an annual basis to both 
revenue and costs denominated in Brazilian r eal. These are recognised as variable consideration and  are included within the 
total price once the amounts can be reasonably estimated,  and management has concluded that it is highly probable that 
recognition will not result in a significant revenue reversal in a future period.  
Front - end engineering and design (FEED) studies undertaken by the Group are also included within Subsea and 
Conventional  principally on a day - rate basis. Revenue recognition for day -r ate contracts is described in the paragraph below.   
The Group provides Remotely Operated Vehicles (ROVs), survey and inspection, drill - rig support and related solutions on 
a day - rate basis. Projects are contracted on the basis of an agreed schedule of rates applied to a range of daily operating 
activities. These contracts are considered to be distinct as a pattern and hence one performance obligation under the 
guidelines within IFRS 15. Each day is distinct with the overall promise being the delivery of a series of days that have the  
same pattern of transfer to the customer. The transaction price for all day - rate contracts is determined by the expected 
value approach , being the number of days multiplied by the expected day- rate. This method of revenue recognition for day -
rate contracts provides a faithful depiction of the transfer of goods and services. Typically,  the value of  work completed in 
any one month corresponds directly with Subsea7 ’s right to payment. Payment is due from the client approximately 30 –45 
 
157  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
days following the invoice date. These contracts have no significant financing component. Unbilled revenue related to work 
completed  for the customer, is included within Note 2 1 ‘ Other accrued income and prepaid expenses ’.  
Customers, in certain circumstances, may request the commissioning of bespoke tooling. Revenue in relation to bespoke 
tooling, which is not significant in relation to the Group ’s overall revenue, is considered distinct in its own right. Dependent on 
the individual contract with the customer, revenue from the sale of this bespoke tooling may be recognised over time or at a 
point in time when control of the asset is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery.  
Renewables  
Renewables contracts  which include the construction and installation of fixed offshore wind turbine  foundations and in t er -
array cables, heavy lifting operations, decommissioning and heavy transportation  are generally contracted on a fixed - price 
basis. Similar to  EPIC contracts, the promised goods and services within r enewables contracts are considered to be distinct 
as a bundle and hence one performance obligation with revenue being recognised over time. Although the promises within 
the contract are capable of being distinct, management has concluded that they are not due to the significant integration, 
customisation and highly interrelated nature of  each contract. The contract work performed is for the sole benefit of the 
customer who continually monitors progres s,  and the Group would not  have an alternative use for work performed under 
a specific contract. Clients may also participate in the supplier  selection processes for  procured items. The transaction 
price  for these types of contracts, where there is an element of variable consideration,  is  based upon the  single most likely 
outcome. Any additional work, such as scope changes or variation orders, as well as other variable consideration will be 
included within the total price once the amounts can be reasonably estimated,  and management has concluded that 
this  will  not result in a significant revenue reversal in a future period.  
For r enewables contracts the input method used to progressively recognise revenue over time is based upon percentage - of -
completion whereby total costs incurred to date are compared with total forecast costs- at- completion of the contract. 
This  method provides a faithful depiction of the transfer of the goods and services to the customer. Any significant upfront 
procurement which is not customised for the particular contract is not included within the actual cost of work performed at 
each period end. An adjus tment to the measure of progress may be required where significant inefficiencies occur which 
were not reflected in the price of the contract. Typically,  p ayment is due from the client approximately 30 – 45 days following 
the issuance of the invoice, although this may be longer depending upon the c ustomer  or customary payment terms in certain 
geographies. These contracts have no significant financing component as the period between when the Group  transfers the 
promised goods or services to the customer and when the customer pays for those goods or  services will be one year or 
less. In circumstances where the Group has recognised revenue, but not issued an invoice, the entitlement to consideration 
is  recognised as a construction contract asset. The construction contract asset is transferred to trade and othe r receivables 
in accordance with the contractual  milestone schedule which reflects the unconditional entitlement to payment. The time 
elapsing before transfer to  trade and other receivables may be different between contracts depending upon the contractual 
terms and conditions. Construction contract liabilities arise when progress billings exceed contract  revenues. Assurance type 
warranty periods commence at the completion of the contractual obligations. Construction contract asset and liability 
balances at 31 December 2025 and 20 24 are disclosed within Note 2 2 ‘ Construction contracts ’.  
The Group operates a fleet of vessels which provide heavy transportation services mainly related to the offshore energy 
sector, including the fixed offshore wind  market. Under these contracts the Group ’s vessels transport a specific agreed - upon 
cargo for a single voyage. The Group treats these as voyage charter contracts and  applies the input method to progressively 
recognise revenue over time based upon percentage - of - completion whereby total costs incurred to date are compared with 
total forecast costs at completion of the contract. This method provides a faithful depiction of the transfer of the goods and 
services to the customer. The Group generally has  standard payment terms of approximately 10% freight paid on signing of 
contract, 40% on loading and 50% on discharge. These contracts have no significant financing component as the period 
between when the Group transfers the promised goods or services to the customer and when the customer pays for 
those  goods or services will be one year or less. Voyage cha rter contracts consist of a single performance obligation 
of  transporting cargo  within a specified period. The voyage charters generally have variable consideration in the form of 
demurrage, which is recognised over the period in which the performance obligations are met under the contract. Demurrage 
is estimated at contract inception  using either the expected value or most likely amount approaches. Such estimate  is 
reviewed and updated over the term of the voyage charter contract.  
Corporate 
R evenue within the Group ’s Corporate business unit , which is not material to the Group,  relates to activities in its autonomous 
subsidiaries, Xodus and 4Subsea . Contracts with customers in these subsidiaries are contracted on either  a fixed - price  or day -
rate basis. Revenue related to these contracts is recognised using the method described previously for similar  contracts 
within  the Subsea and Conventional and Renewables business unit s . Payment is due from the client approximately 30 – 60 days 
following the i ssuance of the invoice. These contracts have no significant financing component as the period between when the 
Group transfers the promised goods or services to the customer and when the customer pays for those goods or services will 
be one year or less. Construction contract asset and liability balances related to fixed - price  contracts at 31 December 202 5 and 
202 4 are disclosed within Note 2 2 ‘ Construction contracts ’. Unbilled revenue- related work completed  on day - rate contracts , 
which has not been billed to clients, is included within Note 2 1 ‘Other accrued income and prepaid expenses ’. 
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 157
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 160]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
158  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
3. Material accounting policies continued 
Advances received from customers 
For certain contracts the Group may receive short - term advances from customers which are presented as deferred revenue 
within the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Advances received from customers include amounts received before the work is 
performed on day - rate and  fixed - price contracts. The consideration is not adjusted for the effects of a financing component 
where the Group expects, at contract inception, that the period between when the customer pays for the service and when 
the Group transfers that promised  service to the customer will be 12 months or less.  
Variable consideration 
Variable consideration is constrained at contract inception to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in 
the amount of  cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration 
is subsequently resolved.  
Warranty obligations 
The Group provides warranties for the repair of defects which are identified during the contract and within a defined period 
thereafter. A ll are assurance - type warranties, as defined within IFRS 15, which the Group recognises under IAS 37 
‘Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets ’. The Group does not have any contractual obligations for service-
type warranties.  
Borrowing costs 
Borrowing costs attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets that 
necessarily take a substantial period of time to prepare for their intended use, are added to the cost of those assets, until 
such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use. These amounts are calculated using the effective 
interest rate related to the period of the expenditure. All other borrowing costs are recognised in the Consolidated Income 
Statement in the period in which they are incurred.  
Finance costs 
Finance costs or charges, including premiums on settlement or redemption and direct issue costs, are accounted for on an 
accruals basis using the effective interest rate method.  
Retirement benefit costs 
The Group administers several defined contribution pension plans. Obligations in respect of such plans are charged to the 
Consolidated Income Statement as they fall due.  In addition, the Group administers one  defined benefit pension plan. The 
cost of providing benefits under the defined benefit plan is determined using the projected unit credit actuarial valuation method.  
Taxation 
Taxation expense or income recorded in the Consolidated Income Statement or Consolidated Statement of Other 
Comprehensive Income represents the sum of the current tax and deferred tax charge or credit for the year.  
Current tax 
Current tax is based on the taxable income for the year, together with any adjustments to tax payable in respect of prior 
years. Taxable income differs from income before taxes as reported in the Consolidated Income Statement because it 
excludes items of income or expense  that are taxable or deductible in other periods and further excludes items that are 
never taxable or deductible. The tax laws and rates used to compute the Group’ s current tax liabilities  are those that are 
enacted or substantively enacted  at the balance sheet date.  
In accordance with IFRIC 23  ‘Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments’ , a  liability  is recognised for those matters for which 
the tax determination is uncertain,  but it is considered probable that there will be a future outflow of funds to a tax authority. 
The liabilities are measured at the most likely amount  expected to become payable. The assessment is based on the judgement  
of tax professionals within the Group  supported by previous experience in respect of such activities and in certain cases 
based on sp ecialist independent tax advice. 
Current tax assets or liabilities are representative of taxes being owed by, or owing to, local tax authorities, and include the 
impact of any provisions required for  uncertain tax treatments. 
Deferred tax 
Deferred tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on differences between the carrying amount of assets and 
liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable income 
and  is accounted for using the balance sheet liability method. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable 
temporary differences and deferred tax  assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable income will be 
available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such assets or liabilities are not recognised if the 
temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or from the initial recognition of other assets or liabi lities 
in  a transaction (other than in a business combination) that does not affect either the taxable income or the accounting 
income before taxes.  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025158
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 161]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
158  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
3. Material accounting policies continued 
Advances received from customers 
For certain contracts the Group may receive short - term advances from customers which are presented as deferred revenue 
within the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Advances received from customers include amounts received before the work is 
performed on day - rate and  fixed - price contracts. The consideration is not adjusted for the effects of a financing component 
where the Group expects, at contract inception, that the period between when the customer pays for the service and when 
the Group transfers that promised  service to the customer will be 12 months or less.  
Variable consideration 
Variable consideration is constrained at contract inception to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in 
the amount of  cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration 
is subsequently resolved.  
Warranty obligations 
The Group provides warranties for the repair of defects which are identified during the contract and within a defined period 
thereafter. A ll are assurance - type warranties, as defined within IFRS 15, which the Group recognises under IAS 37 
‘Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets ’. The Group does not have any contractual obligations for service-
type warranties.  
Borrowing costs 
Borrowing costs attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets that 
necessarily take a substantial period of time to prepare for their intended use, are added to the cost of those assets, until 
such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use. These amounts are calculated using the effective 
interest rate related to the period of the expenditure. All other borrowing costs are recognised in the Consolidated Income 
Statement in the period in which they are incurred.  
Finance costs 
Finance costs or charges, including premiums on settlement or redemption and direct issue costs, are accounted for on an 
accruals basis using the effective interest rate method.  
Retirement benefit costs 
The Group administers several defined contribution pension plans. Obligations in respect of such plans are charged to the 
Consolidated Income Statement as they fall due.  In addition, the Group administers one  defined benefit pension plan. The 
cost of providing benefits under the defined benefit plan is determined using the projected unit credit actuarial valuation method.  
Taxation 
Taxation expense or income recorded in the Consolidated Income Statement or Consolidated Statement of Other 
Comprehensive Income represents the sum of the current tax and deferred tax charge or credit for the year.  
Current tax 
Current tax is based on the taxable income for the year, together with any adjustments to tax payable in respect of prior 
years. Taxable income differs from income before taxes as reported in the Consolidated Income Statement because it 
excludes items of income or expense  that are taxable or deductible in other periods and further excludes items that are 
never taxable or deductible. The tax laws and rates used to compute the Group’ s current tax liabilities  are those that are 
enacted or substantively enacted  at the balance sheet date.  
In accordance with IFRIC 23  ‘Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments’ , a  liability  is recognised for those matters for which 
the tax determination is uncertain,  but it is considered probable that there will be a future outflow of funds to a tax authority. 
The liabilities are measured at the most likely amount  expected to become payable. The assessment is based on the judgement  
of tax professionals within the Group  supported by previous experience in respect of such activities and in certain cases 
based on sp ecialist independent tax advice . 
Current tax assets or liabilities are representative of taxes being owed by, or owing to, local tax authorities, and include the 
impact of any provisions required for  uncertain tax treatments. 
Deferred tax 
Deferred tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on differences between the carrying amount of assets and 
liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable income 
and  is accounted for using the balance sheet liability method. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable 
temporary differences and deferred tax  assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable income will be 
available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such assets or liabilities are not recognised if the 
temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or from the initial recognition of other assets or liabi lities 
in  a transaction (other than in a business combination) that does not affect either the taxable income or the accounting 
income before taxes.  
  
 
159  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries and interest s 
in associates and joint ventures, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference,  and it is 
probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.  
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date. Deferred tax assets are only recognised to 
the extent that it  is  probable that taxable income will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be 
utilised. Deferred tax assets are derecognised or reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable 
income will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.  
Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are substantively enacted and expected to apply in the period when the asset 
is realised,  or the  liability is settled. Deferred tax is charged or credited to the Consolidated Income Statement, except when 
it relates to items charged or  credited directly in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income in which case the 
deferred tax is also recognised within the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.  
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against 
current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group intends to 
settle its current income tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.  
Significant tax estimates and judgements 
In accordance with IFRIC 23 , a provision for an uncertain tax treatment is made where the ultimate outcome of a particular 
tax matter is  uncertain. In calculating tax assets and liabilities, the Group assesses the probability of treatment being 
accepted  and, where this is  not probable and  a reasonable estimate can be made , the Group recognises a provision for 
the  adjustment  it considers probable to  be required.  
OECD Pillar Two  
The Group adopted the amendments to IAS 12  ‘Income Taxes’ for the first time in 2023 . The IASB amended  the scope of IAS 
12 to clarify that it  applied to income taxes arising from tax law enacted or substantively enacted to implement the Pillar Two 
model rules published by the OECD, including tax law that implements qualified domestic minimum top - up  taxes described in 
those rules. The amendments introduce a temporary exception to the accounting requirements for deferred taxes in IAS 12, 
so that an entity would neither recognise nor disclose information about deferred tax assets and liabilities relate d to Pillar 
Two income taxes. Following the amendments, the G roup is required to disclose that it has applied the exception and to 
disclose separately its current tax expense  or  income  related to Pillar Two income taxes.  
Dry -dock, mobilisation and decommissioning expenditure  
Dry- dock expenditure incurred to maintain a vessel ’s classification is capitalised in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as a 
distinct component of the asset and amortised over the period until the next scheduled dry- docking (usually between two -
and -a- half years and  five years). At the date of the next dry - docking, the previous dry - dock asset and accumulated amortisation  
is derecognised. All  other repair and maintenance costs are recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement as incurred.  
Intangible assets other than goodwill  
Intangible assets acquired separately are measured at cost at the date of initial acquisition. Following initial recognition,  
intangible assets are measured at cost less amortisation and impairment charges. Intangible assets acquired as part of a 
business combination are measured at fair value at the date of acquisition. Following initial recognition, intangible assets 
acquired as part of a business combination are measured at acquisition date fair value less amortisation and impairment charg es .  
Internally generated intangible assets are not capitalised, with the exception of development expenditure which meets the 
criteria for capitalisation  specified in IAS 38 ‘Intangible Assets ’.  
Intangible assets with finite lives are amortised over their useful economic life and are assessed for impairment whenever 
there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for 
intangible assets with finite useful lives are reviewed annually. Changes in the expected useful life are accounted for by 
changing the amortisation period or method and  are treated as changes in accounting estimates. The amortisation expense 
related to intangible assets with finite lives is recognised in  the Consolidated Income Statement in the expense category 
consistent with the function of the intangible asset.  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 159
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 162]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
160  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
3. Material accounting policies continued 
Property, plant and equipment  
Property, plant and equipment acquired separately, including critical spare parts acquired and held for future use, are measu red  
at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment charges.  
Assets under construction are recognised  at cost, less any recognised impairment charges. Depreciation of these assets 
commences when the assets become operational and are deemed available - for - use.  
Depreciation is calculated on a straight- line basis over the useful life of the asset as follows: 
Vessels  10 to 25 years  
Operating equipment  3 to 10 years  
Buildings  20 to 25 years  
Other assets  3 to 7 years  
Land is not depreciated.   
Vessels are depreciated to their estimated residual value. Residual values, useful economic lives and methods of depreciation  
are reviewed at least annually and adjusted if appropriate.  
Gains or losses arising on disposal of property, plant and equipment are determined as the difference between any disposal 
proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset at the date of the transaction. Gains and losses on disposal are recognised in 
the Cons olidated Income Statement in the period in which the asset is disposed.  
Impairment of non-financial assets  
At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether there is any indication that non - financial assets , including intangible 
assets, property, plant and equipment and  right - of - use assets,  may be impaired. If any such indication exists, or when annual 
impairment testing for an asset is required, the Group estimates the asset’ s recoverable amount. An asset’ s recoverable 
amount is the higher of the asset’ s fair value less costs of disposal and its value - in - use. Where an asset does not generate 
cash flows that are independent from other assets, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash - generating unit 
(CGU) to which the asset is allocated. Where the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is 
impaired. In assessing value -in- use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre - tax 
discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and risks specific to the asset. In 
determining fair value less costs of disposal, an appropriate valuation model is used.   
Management has considered the potential impacts of climate risk and whether this will have an adverse impact on the 
future  use of the  Group ’s assets, including vessels and equipment. It is expected that oil and gas will continue to contribute 
a significant , although declining,  part in the transition to sustainable lower - carbon energy until at least 2050. The Group is 
in  a position to utilise its vessels and  to adapt vessels, where required,  for initiatives such as offshore carbon capture  and 
storage. The  Gr oup , through Seaway7, also  operates within the offshore renewable sector including fixed offshore wind, 
and  it is expected that demand for the Group ’s services will increase due to climate - related opportunities. The Group 
continues to address the carbon  emissions impact from vessel operations and invest in its  fleet by assessing the viability of 
lower - carbon fuels  and converting vessels to hybrid power  where practical . The former is dependent upon the development 
of suitable alternative fuels being available globally , at scale, and commercially viable. The Group has launched and installed 
a digital data analytic system across its vessel  fleet to establish and define robust operating baselines from which efficiencies  
can be implemented and measured. In addition , the Group has installed digital fuel flowmeters across its  fleet to enable 
automated tracking and reporting of fuel use and Scope 1 GHG emissions. These climate - resilient strategies, including 
hybridisation of selected vessels in the existing fleet, offer potentially lower - carbon options to  the Group’s customers. 
Management does not consider there to be  a significant risk that the Group’s vessels  will  become  obsolete  due to  climate 
considerations as they form a key part in the  transition to the provision of sustainable energy.  
Impairment charges are recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement in the expense category consistent with the 
function of the impaired asset.  
An assessment is made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that previously recognised impairment 
charges may  require to be reversed. If such an indication exists,  the Group makes an estimate of the recoverable amount. 
A previously recognised impairment charge is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine 
the asset’ s recoverable amount since the last impairment charge was recognised. If that is the case the carrying amount of 
the asset is increased to its recoverable amount. That increased amount cannot exceed the carrying amount that would have 
been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment charge been recognised for the asset in prior periods. Any such 
reversal is recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement. The foll owing criteria are also applied in assessing impairment 
of specific assets:  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025160
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 163]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
160  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
3. Material accounting policies continued 
Property, plant and equipment  
Property, plant and equipment acquired separately, including critical spare parts acquired and held for future use, are measu red  
at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment charges.  
Assets under construction are recognised  at cost, less any recognised impairment charges. Depreciation of these assets 
commences when the assets become operational and are deemed available - for - use.  
Depreciation is calculated on a straight- line basis over the useful life of the asset as follows: 
Vessels  10 to 25 years  
Operating equipment  3 to 10 years  
Buildings  20 to 25 years  
Other assets  3 to 7 years  
Land is not depreciated.   
Vessels are depreciated to their estimated residual value. Residual values, useful economic lives and methods of depreciation  
are reviewed at least annually and adjusted if appropriate.  
Gains or losses arising on disposal of property, plant and equipment are determined as the difference between any disposal 
proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset at the date of the transaction. Gains and losses on disposal are recognised in 
the Cons olidated Income Statement in the period in which the asset is disposed.  
Impairment of non-financial assets  
At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether there is any indication that non - financial assets , including intangible 
assets, property, plant and equipment and  right - of - use assets,  may be impaired. If any such indication exists, or when annual 
impairment testing for an asset is required, the Group estimates the asset’ s recoverable amount. An asset’ s recoverable 
amount is the higher of the asset’ s fair value less costs of disposal and its value - in - use. Where an asset does not generate 
cash flows that are independent from other assets, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash - generating unit 
(CGU) to which the asset is allocated. Where the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is 
impaired. In assessing value -in- use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre - tax 
discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and risks specific to the asset. In 
determining fair value less costs of disposal, an appropriate valuation model is used.   
Management has considered the potential impacts of climate risk and whether this will have an adverse impact on the 
future  use of the  Group ’s assets, including vessels and equipment. It is expected that oil and gas will continue to contribute 
a significant , although declining,  part in the transition to sustainable lower - carbon energy until at least 2050. The Group is 
in  a position to utilise its vessels and  to adapt vessels, where required,  for initiatives such as offshore carbon capture  and 
storage. The  Gr oup , through Seaway7, also  operates within the offshore renewable sector including fixed offshore wind, 
and  it is expected that demand for the Group ’s services will increase due to climate - related opportunities. The Group 
continues to address the carbon  emissions impact from vessel operations and invest in its  fleet by assessing the viability of 
lower - carbon fuels  and converting vessels to hybrid power  where practical . The former is dependent upon the development 
of suitable alternative fuels being available globally , at scale, and commercially viable. The Group has launched and installed 
a digital data analytic system across its vessel  fleet to establish and define robust operating baselines from which efficiencies  
can be implemented and measured. In addition , the Group has installed digital fuel flowmeters across its  fleet to enable 
automated tracking and reporting of fuel use and Scope 1 GHG emissions. These climate - resilient strategies, including 
hybridisation of selected vessels in the existing fleet, offer potentially lower - carbon options to  the Group’s customers. 
Management does not consider there to be  a significant risk that the Group’s vessels  will  become  obsolete  due to  climate 
considerations as they form a key part in the  transition to the provision of sustainable energy.  
Impairment charges are recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement in the expense category consistent with the 
function of the impaired asset.  
An assessment is made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that previously recognised impairment 
charges may  require to be reversed. If such an indication exists,  the Group makes an estimate of the recoverable amount. 
A previously recognised impairment charge is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine 
the asset’ s recoverable amount since the last impairment charge was recognised. If that is the case the carrying amount of 
the asset is increased to its recoverable amount. That increased amount cannot exceed the carrying amount that would have 
been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment charge been recognised for the asset in prior periods. Any such 
reversal is recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement. The foll owing criteria are also applied in assessing impairment 
of specific assets:  
  
 
161  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
Goodwill 
An assessment is made at each reporting date as to whether there is an indication of impairment. Goodwill is reviewed for 
impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may be 
impaired. For th e purpose of  impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, 
allocated to each of the Group ’s CGUs, or  group of CGUs, that are expected to benefit from the combination.  
Each CGU , or group of CGUs , to which the goodwill is allocated initially represents the lowest level within the Group at  
which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and is not larger than an operating segment determined  
in accordance with IFRS 8 ‘Operating Segments ’. If circumstances give rise to a change in the composition of CGUs and a 
reallocation is justified, goodwill is reallocated based on relative value at the time of the change in composition. Followin g any 
reorganisation , th e CGU cannot be larger than  an  operating segment determined in accordance with IFRS 8. Impairment is 
determined by assessing the  recoverable amount of the CGU , or group of CGUs , to which the goodwill relates. Recoverable 
amounts are determined based on  value - in - use calculations using discounted pre - tax cash flow projections based on risk -
adjusted financial forecasts approved by the  Executive Management Team.  
As cash flow projections are risk - adjusted for CGU- specific risks, risk premiums are not applied to the discount rate which 
is  applied to all CGUs. The discount rate applied to the cash flow projections is a pre - tax rate and reflects current market 
assessments of the  time  value of money, risks specific to the Group  and a normalised capital structure for the industry. 
Where the recoverable amount of the CGU , or group of  CGUs , is less than the carrying amount, an impairment charge is 
recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement. Where goodwill forms part of a CGU , or group of CGUs , and part of the 
operation within that CGU is disposed, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed is included in the carrying amount 
of the operation when determining the gain or loss  on disposal of the operation. Goodwill disposed in this circumstance is 
measured based on the relative values of the operation disposed and the portion of the CGU retained.  
Associates and joint ventures 
At each reporting date the Group determines whether there is any objective evidence that the investment in an associate or 
joint venture  is impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as being the difference between 
the estimated fair value of the associate or joint venture and its carrying amount. The resultant impairment charge is recognised  
in the Consolidated Income Statement.  
Financial instruments  
Classification and measurement  
The Group ’s financial assets include cash and short - term deposits, trade and other receivables, construction contract assets, 
other receivables, derivative financial instruments and equity investments which are classified as other financial assets. Th e Group ’s 
financial liabilities include trade and other payables, contingent consideration, borrowings and derivative financial  instruments.  
Initial measurement is based upon one of four IFRS 9 ‘ Financial Instruments ’ models: amortised cost;  fair value through profit 
or loss (FVPL);  fair value through other comprehensive income (with recycling of accumulated gains and losses) ; or fair value 
through other comprehensive income (without recycling of accumulated gains and losses).  
Classification and subsequent measurement is dependent upon the business model under which the Group holds and 
manages the financial asset; and whether the contractual cash flows resulting from the instrument represent ‘solely 
payments of principal and interest’ (the ‘ SPPI criterion ’). 
All financial assets are classified at initial recognition and are initially measured at fair value net of transaction costs,  with the 
exception of those classified as FVPL. Classification as amortised cost is applicable where the instruments are held with in a 
business model with the objective to hold the financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and the cash flows 
resulting from the instrument consist solely  of principal and interest. Debt financial assets are subsequently measured at 
FVP L, amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) depending on classification.  
Equity instruments are reported as other financial assets and are subsequently measured at FVPL when not considered to 
be strategic in nature. Where the Group considers other financial assets to be strategic in nature and is expecting to hold 
them for the foreseeable future , the investments are measured at FVOCI with no recycling of gains or losses to profit or loss 
on derecognition.  
All financial liabilities are classified at initial recognition and are initially measured at fair value net of transaction c osts, with 
the exception of  those classified as FVPL. Financial liabilities are measured at FVPL when they meet the definition of held- for-
trading or when they are designated as such on initial recognition. Otherwise, financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost.   
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 161
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 164]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
162  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
3. Material accounting policies continued 
Classification and measurement continued 
The Group enters into forward foreign currency contracts in order to manage its foreign currency exposures; these 
are measured at FVPL. The Group regularly enters into multi - currency contracts from which the cash flows may lead 
to  embedded foreign exchange derivatives in  non - financial host contracts, carried at FVPL. The Group reassesses the 
existence of an embedded derivative if the terms of the host financial instrument change significantly. The fair values of 
derivative financial instruments are measured  on bid prices for assets held and offer prices for issued liabilities based on 
values quoted in active markets. Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments which do not qualify for hedge  
accounting are recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement within other gains  and losses.  
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank, cash on hand, money market funds, and short- term highly liquid assets 
with an original maturity of three months or less and which are readily convertible to known amounts of cash. Utilised revolv ing  
credit facilities are included within current borrowings. Cash and cash equivalents are measured at amortised cost.  
Inventories 
Inventories comprise consumables, materials and non - critical spares and are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable 
value.  
Treasury shares  
Treasury shares are the Group ’s own equity instruments which are repurchased and shown within equity at cost, using the 
first - in first - out basis.  Gains or losses realised or incurred on the purchase, sale, reallocation or cancellation of the Group ’s 
own equity instruments are recognised within equity. No gains or losses are recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement.  
Provisions 
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past transaction or 
event, it is  probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a 
reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. The amount recognised represents the best estimate of the 
expenditure expected to be required to  settle the present obligation. Estimates are determined by the judgement of management  
supplemented by the experience of similar transactions, and, in some cases, advice from independent experts. Contingent 
liabilities are disclosed in Note 3 2 ‘ Commitments and contingent liabilities ’ but not recognised until they meet the criteria 
for  recognition as a provision. Where the Group is virtually certain that some , or all of , a provision will be reimbursed, that 
reimbursement is recognised as a separate asset. The expense relating to any provision is reflected in the Consolidated 
Income Statement at an amount reflective of the risks specific to the liability. Where the provision is discounted, any increase 
in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost in the Group ’s Consolidated Income Statement.  
The following criteria are applied for the recognition and measurement of significant classes of provisions:  
Onerous contracts  
The Group recognises provisions for onerous contracts once the underlying event or conditions leading to the contract 
becoming onerous are probable and a reliable estimate can be made. Onerous fixed - price  contract provisions are assessed 
in accordance with IAS 37 ‘ Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets ’. Onerous provisions are calculated on a 
least net cost basis, which includes unavoidable costs only, while comparing these costs to the cost of cancelling a contract 
and incurring early termination fees.  The cost of fulfilling a contract includes both the incremental costs of fulfilling the 
contract and an allocation of other costs which relate directly to fulfilling the contract.  
Legal claims 
In the ordinary course of business, the Group is subject to various claims, litigation and complaints. An associated provisio n is 
recognised if it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reliably estimated.  
Earnings per share 
Earnings per share is calculated using the weighted average number of common shares and common share equivalents 
outstanding during each period excluding treasury shares. The potentially dilutive effect of outstanding performance shares 
is reflected as share dilution in the computation of diluted earnings per share.  
R ight-of-use assets and lease liabilities 
The Group applies IFRS 16 ‘Leases ’ and assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if 
the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. The 
Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short- term leases and leases of low -
value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right - of - use assets representing the right-
to - use the underlying assets.   
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025162
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 165]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
162  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
3. Material accounting policies continued 
Classification and measurement continued 
The Group enters into forward foreign currency contracts in order to manage its foreign currency exposures; these 
are measured at FVPL. The Group regularly enters into multi - currency contracts from which the cash flows may lead 
to  embedded foreign exchange derivatives in  non - financial host contracts, carried at FVPL. The Group reassesses the 
existence of an embedded derivative if the terms of the host financial instrument change significantly. The fair values of 
derivative financial instruments are measured  on bid prices for assets held and offer prices for issued liabilities based on 
values quoted in active markets. Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments which do not qualify for hedge  
accounting are recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement within other gains  and losses.  
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank, cash on hand, money market funds, and short- term highly liquid assets 
with an original maturity of three months or less and which are readily convertible to known amounts of cash. Utilised revolv ing  
credit facilities are included within current borrowings. Cash and cash equivalents are measured at amortised cost.  
Inventories 
Inventories comprise consumables, materials and non - critical spares and are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable 
value.  
Treasury shares  
Treasury shares are the Group ’s own equity instruments which are repurchased and shown within equity at cost, using the 
first - in first - out basis.  Gains or losses realised or incurred on the purchase, sale, reallocation or cancellation of the Group ’s 
own equity instruments are recognised within equity. No gains or losses are recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement.  
Provisions 
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past transaction or 
event, it is  probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a 
reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. The amount recognised represents the best estimate of the 
expenditure expected to be required to  settle the present obligation. Estimates are determined by the judgement of management  
supplemented by the experience of similar transactions, and, in some cases, advice from independent experts. Contingent 
liabilities are disclosed in Note 3 2 ‘ Commitments and contingent liabilities ’ but not recognised until they meet the criteria 
for  recognition as a provision. Where the Group is virtually certain that some , or all of , a provision will be reimbursed, that 
reimbursement is recognised as a separate asset. The expense relating to any provision is reflected in the Consolidated 
Income Statement at an amount reflective of the risks specific to the liability. Where the provision is discounted, any increase 
in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost in the Group ’s Consolidated Income Statement.  
The following criteria are applied for the recognition and measurement of significant classes of provisions:  
Onerous contracts  
The Group recognises provisions for onerous contracts once the underlying event or conditions leading to the contract 
becoming onerous are probable and a reliable estimate can be made. Onerous fixed - price  contract provisions are assessed 
in accordance with IAS 37 ‘ Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets ’. Onerous provisions are calculated on a 
least net cost basis, which includes unavoidable costs only, while comparing these costs to the cost of cancelling a contract 
and incurring early termination fees.  The cost of fulfilling a contract includes both the incremental costs of fulfilling the 
contract and an allocation of other costs which relate directly to fulfilling the contract.  
Legal claims 
In the ordinary course of business, the Group is subject to various claims, litigation and complaints. An associated provisio n is 
recognised if it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reliably estimated.  
Earnings per share 
Earnings per share is calculated using the weighted average number of common shares and common share equivalents 
outstanding during each period excluding treasury shares. The potentially dilutive effect of outstanding performance shares 
is reflected as share dilution in the computation of diluted earnings per share.  
R ight-of-use assets and lease liabilities 
The Group applies IFRS 16 ‘Leases ’ and assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if 
the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. The 
Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short- term leases and leases of low -
value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right - of - use assets representing the right-
to - use the underlying assets.   
  
 
163  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
Right-of-use assets  
The Group recognises right- of - use assets at the commencement date of the lease, which is  the date the  underlying asset is 
available for  use. Right - of - use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated  depreciation and impairment losses , and 
adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of  right - of - use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities 
recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at, or before , the commencement date less any lease 
incentives received. Ri ght - of - use assets  are depreciated on a straight- line basis over the shorter of the lease term and 
the  estimated useful lives of  the underlying assets which var y as  follows:  
Vessels     2 to 5 years  
Operating equipment   2 to 5 years  
Land and buildings   3 to 10 years  
The cost of a right- of - use asset includes an estimate of costs expected to be incurred by the Group on termination of 
the  lease to  reinstat e the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease. The Group 
assumes the obligation for those costs either at the commencement date or as a consequence of having utilised the  underlying  
asset during the period. R ight - of - use assets are subject to  a review for indicators of impairment at least annually . 
Lease liabilities 
The Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. 
The   lease payments include fixed payments less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on 
an  index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the 
exercise price of purchase options reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group. Variable lease payments that do not 
depend on an index  or a rate are recognised as expenses ( unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in 
which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.  
In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses an incremental borrowing rate at the lease 
commencement date where the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement 
date,  the amount of lease liabilities is increased to  reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for lease payments made. 
In  addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a 
change in the lease payments or a c hange in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.  Remeasurements 
r esulting from a change in the lease term are determined by discounting the revised lease payments using the interest rate 
implicit in the lease for the remainder of the lease term, if that rate can be readily determined, or the incremental borrowi ng 
rate at the date of reassessment.  
The Group applies the short - term lease recognition exemption to its short - term leases , which are those leases which  have a 
lease term of  12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. The Group also applies 
the low - value assets recognition exemption to assets which are considered to be low value , as defined by IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ . 
Lease payments on short- term leases and leases of low - value assets  are recognised as expenses in the Consolidated 
Income Statement on a straight-l ine basis over the lease term.  
4. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty  
In the application of the Group ’s accounting policies which are described in Note 3 ‘Material  accounting policies ’, 
m anagement is required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions regarding the carrying amounts of assets and 
liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical 
experience and other assumptions that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may 
differ from these estimates under di fferent assumptions or conditions.  The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed  
on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised prospectively in the period in which the estimate is 
revised in line with IAS 8 ‘Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors’ . 
Revenue recognition  
Group revenue for the year ended 31 December 202 5 was $ 7.1 billion  (2024: $ 6. 8 billion ). The Group ’s accounting policies 
under IFRS 15 ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’ are detailed in Note 3 ‘Material  accounting  policies ’. The Group 
accounts for long - term construction contracts for engineering, procurement, installation and commissioning (EPIC) 
projects  using the percentage - of - completion method, which is standard practice in the industry. Contract revenue, total 
cost  estimates and estimates of physical progression are reviewed by management on a monthly basis. Any adjustments 
made as a result of these reviews are reflected in  contract revenue or contract costs in the reporting period, based on the 
percentage - of - completion m ethod.  
To the extent that these adjustments result in a reduction or elimination of previously reported contract revenue or costs, 
a charge or credit is recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement; amounts in prior periods are not restated. Such a 
charge or credit may be significant depending on the size of the project, the stage of project completion and the size of the  
adjustment.  Additional information that enhances and refines the estimating process is often obtained after the balance 
sheet date but before  the issuance of the Consolidated Financial Statements, which may result in an adjustment to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements based on events, favourable or unfavourable, occurring after the balance sheet date.  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 163
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 166]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
164  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
4. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty continued  
Revenue recognition continued  
The percentage - of - completion method requires management to make reliable estimates of physical progression, costs 
incurred, full project contract costs and full project contract revenue. The Group ’s Project Monthly Status Reports (PMSRs) 
evaluate the likely outcome of  each individual project for the purpose of making reliable estimates of revenue, cost and 
progression, measured either by cost incurred to date or physical progression. A key element of the PMSRs is the estimate 
of contingency. Contingency is an estimate of the costs required to address the potential future outcome of identified project 
risks. The Group uses a systematic approach in estimating contingency based on project size. This approach utilises a project 
specific risk register in order to identify and assess the likelihood and impact of these risks. The most significant risks a nd 
uncertainties in the Group ’s projects typically relate to the offshore phase of operations. Identified risks that materialise may 
result in increased costs. Contingency associated with identified risks are removed from the full project cost estimate 
throughout the remaining life of the project if the identified risks have not, or are not, expected to  materialise.  
Goodwill carrying amount 
At 31 December 2025 , goodwill of $ 157 .0 million was recognised on the Group’s Consolidated B alance S heet (2024 : $ 183.7  million). 
Goodwill is reviewed at least annually to assess whether there is objective evidence to indicate that the carrying amount of goodwill 
requires impairment at a CGU level. The impairment review is performed on a value - in - use basis which requires the estimati on of 
future cash flows. Further details relating to the impairment review process are disclosed in Note 3 ‘Material accounting  policies’ 
and Note  12  ‘Goodwill ’.  
Property, plant and equipment  
At 31 December 2025 , property, plant and equipment with a carrying amount of $ 3.8 billion was recognised on the Group’s 
Consolidated B alance S heet ( 2024 : $ 4.0 billion).  Property, plant and equipment is recorded at cost and depreciation is 
recorded on a straight- line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Management uses its experience to estimate 
the remaining useful economic life and residual value of an asset.  
A review for indicators of impairment is performed at each reporting date. When events or changes in circumstances indicate 
that the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment may not be recoverable, a review for impairment is carried out by 
management. Where  the value - in - use method is used to determine the recoverable amount of an asset, management uses its 
judgement in determining the CGU to which the asset belongs, or whether the asset can be considered a CGU in its own 
right. The level of aggregat ion of assets is a significant assumption made by management and includes consideration of 
which assets generate cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets. 
Management has determined that vessels are not CGUs individually as they do not generate cash inflows independently of 
other Group assets. Once the  CGU has been determined management uses its judgement in determining the value- in - use  
of the CGU , as detailed in Note 1 2 ‘ Goodwill ’. Where an asset i s considered a CGU in its own right management uses its 
judgement to estimate future asset utilisation, cash flows, remaining life and the discount rate used.  
Recognition of provisions and disclosure of contingent liabilities   
At 31 December 2025, provisions with a carrying amount of $ 77.9 million were recognised on the Group’s Consolidated 
Balance Sheet ( 2024 : $ 92.1  million).  In the ordinary course of business, the Group becomes involved in contract disputes 
from time - to - time due to the nature of its activities as a contracting business involved in multiple long - term projects at any 
given time. The Group recognises provisions to cover the expected risk of loss to the extent that negative outcomes are 
likely and reliable estimates can be made. The final outcomes of these contract disputes are subject to uncertainties as to 
whether or not they develop into formal legal action and therefore the resulting liabilities may exceed the liability anticipated 
by management.  
Furthermore, the Group may be involved in legal proceedings from time- to - time; these proceedings are incidental to the 
ordinary conduct of  its business. Litigation is subject to many uncertainties, and the outcome of individual matters is not 
predictable w ith assurance. It  is  reasonably possible that the final resolution of any litigation could require the Group to 
incur  additional expenditures in excess of  provisions that it may have previously recognised.  
Management uses its judgement in determining whether the Group should recognise a provision or disclose a contingent 
liability. These  judgements include whether the Group has a present obligation and the probability that an outflow of economic  
reso urce is required  to settle the obligation. Management may also use its judgement to determine the amount of  the obligation 
or contingent liability. Management uses external advisers to assist with some of these judgements. Further details relating to 
provisions an d contingent liabilities are shown in Note 3 1 ‘ Provisions ’ and Note 3 2 ‘ Commitments and contingent liabilities ’. 
Taxation  
At 31 December 2025 , non - current deferred tax assets were $ 119.3 million ( 2024 : $ 93.6 million), current tax assets were 
$157.4 million ( 2024 : $ 105.3  million), non - current deferred tax liabilities were $ 121.5 million ( 2024 : $ 87.3  million) and current 
tax liabilities were $ 113.9 million ( 2024 : $ 125.0  million).  The Group is subject to corporate income tax in numerous jurisdictions 
and significant judgement is required in calculating the consolidated tax position. There are transactions for which the 
ultimate tax determination is uncertain and for which the  Group makes provisions based on  internal assessment s, experience 
and  appropriate external advice, including in respect of the  recognition of assets relating to the future recoverability of  tax 
losses  and other attributes .  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025164
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 167]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
164  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
4. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty continued  
Revenue recognition continued  
The percentage - of - completion method requires management to make reliable estimates of physical progression, costs 
incurred, full project contract costs and full project contract revenue. The Group ’s Project Monthly Status Reports (PMSRs) 
evaluate the likely outcome of  each individual project for the purpose of making reliable estimates of revenue, cost and 
progression, measured either by cost incurred to date or physical progression. A key element of the PMSRs is the estimate 
of contingency. Contingency is an estimate of the costs required to address the potential future outcome of identified project 
risks. The Group uses a systematic approach in estimating contingency based on project size. This approach utilises a project 
specific risk register in order to identify and assess the likelihood and impact of these risks. The most significant risks a nd 
uncertainties in the Group ’s projects typically relate to the offshore phase of operations. Identified risks that materialise may 
result in increased costs. Contingency associated with identified risks are removed from the full project cost estimate 
throughout the remaining life of the project if the identified risks have not, or are not, expected to  materialise.  
Goodwill carrying amount 
At 31 December 2025 , goodwill of $ 157 .0 million was recognised on the Group’s Consolidated B alance S heet (2024 : $ 183.7  million). 
Goodwill is reviewed at least annually to assess whether there is objective evidence to indicate that the carrying amount of goodwill 
requires impairment at a CGU level. The impairment review is performed on a value - in - use basis which requires the estimati on of 
future cash flows. Further details relating to the impairment review process are disclosed in Note 3 ‘Material accounting  policies’ 
and Note  12  ‘Goodwill ’.  
Property, plant and equipment  
At 31 December 2025 , property, plant and equipment with a carrying amount of $ 3.8 billion was recognised on the Group’s 
Consolidated B alance S heet ( 2024 : $ 4.0 billion).  Property, plant and equipment is recorded at cost and depreciation is 
recorded on a straight- line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Management uses its experience to estimate 
the remaining useful economic life and residual value of an asset.  
A review for indicators of impairment is performed at each reporting date. When events or changes in circumstances indicate 
that the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment may not be recoverable, a review for impairment is carried out by 
management. Where  the value - in - use method is used to determine the recoverable amount of an asset, management uses its 
judgement in determining the CGU to which the asset belongs, or whether the asset can be considered a CGU in its own 
right. The level of aggregat ion of assets is a significant assumption made by management and includes consideration of 
which assets generate cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets. 
Management has determined that vessels are not CGUs individually as they do not generate cash inflows independently of 
other Group assets. Once the  CGU has been determined management uses its judgement in determining the value- in - use  
of the CGU , as detailed in Note 1 2 ‘ Goodwill ’. Where an asset i s considered a CGU in its own right management uses its 
judgement to estimate future asset utilisation, cash flows, remaining life and the discount rate used.  
Recognition of provisions and disclosure of contingent liabilities   
At 31 December 2025, provisions with a carrying amount of $ 77.9 million were recognised on the Group’s Consolidated 
Balance Sheet ( 2024 : $ 92.1  million).  In the ordinary course of business, the Group becomes involved in contract disputes 
from time - to - time due to the nature of its activities as a contracting business involved in multiple long - term projects at any 
given time. The Group recognises provisions to cover the expected risk of loss to the extent that negative outcomes are 
likely and reliable estimates can be made. The final outcomes of these contract disputes are subject to uncertainties as to 
whether or not they develop into formal legal action and therefore the resulting liabilities may exceed the liability anticipated 
by management.  
Furthermore, the Group may be involved in legal proceedings from time- to - time; these proceedings are incidental to the 
ordinary conduct of  its business. Litigation is subject to many uncertainties, and the outcome of individual matters is not 
predictable w ith assurance. It  is  reasonably possible that the final resolution of any litigation could require the Group to 
incur  additional expenditures in excess of  provisions that it may have previously recognised.  
Management uses its judgement in determining whether the Group should recognise a provision or disclose a contingent 
liability. These  judgements include whether the Group has a present obligation and the probability that an outflow of economic  
reso urce is required  to settle the obligation. Management may also use its judgement to determine the amount of  the obligation 
or contingent liability. Management uses external advisers to assist with some of these judgements. Further details relating to 
provisions an d contingent liabilities are shown in Note 3 1 ‘ Provisions ’ and Note 3 2 ‘ Commitments and contingent liabilities ’. 
Taxation  
At 31 December 2025 , non - current deferred tax assets were $ 119.3 million ( 2024 : $ 93.6 million), current tax assets were 
$157.4 million ( 2024 : $ 105.3  million), non - current deferred tax liabilities were $ 121.5 million ( 2024 : $ 87.3  million) and current 
tax liabilities were $ 113.9 million ( 2024 : $ 125.0  million).  The Group is subject to corporate income tax in numerous jurisdictions 
and significant judgement is required in calculating the consolidated tax position. There are transactions for which the 
ultimate tax determination is uncertain and for which the  Group makes provisions based on  internal assessment s, experience 
and  appropriate external advice, including in respect of the  recognition of assets relating to the future recoverability of  tax 
losses  and other attributes .  
 
165  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
Each year a detailed review of the Group ’s uncertain tax treatments and provisions is undertaken  in accordance with IFRIC 
23 . Where the outcome of these reviews  differs from the amounts previously  recorded, the difference will impact the tax 
charge in the period in which the outcome is determined. Details of key judgements  and other issues considered are set out 
in Note 9 ‘Taxation ’. 
5. Segment information  
T he Group operates with an  organisational structure comprising three business units : Subsea and Conventional, Renewables 
and Corporate. These business units represent the Group ’s operating segments and are defined as follows:  
Subsea and Conventional 
The Subsea and Conventional business unit includes:  
• Subsea Umbilicals, Risers and Flowlines (SURF) activities related to the engineering, procurement, installation and 
commissioning of highly complex subsea oil and gas systems in deep waters, including the long - term contracts for PLSVs 
in Brazil;  
• Conventional services including the fabrication, installation, extension and refurbishment of fixed and floating platforms 
and associated pipelines in shallow water environments;  
• Activities associated with the provision of inspection, repair and maintenance (IRM) services, integrity management of 
subsea infrastructure and remote intervention support;  
• Activities associated with heavy lifting operations and decommissioning of redundant offshore structures ;  
• Activities associated with carbon capture, utilisation and storage (CCUS) ; and  
• Share of net income of the Group’s associate , OneSubsea.  
This segment includes costs, including depreciation, amortisation , i mpairment charges  and impairment reversals, related to 
owned and long - term leased vessels, equipment and offshore personnel deployed in Subsea and Conventional activities.  
Renewables  
The Renewables business unit comprises activities  primarily  related to the delivery of fixed  offshore wind farm projects  
and  floating wind activities . Activities include  the procurement and installation of offshore wind turbine foundations and in t er -
array cables as well as heavy lifting operations  and heavy transportation services for renewables structures. This segment 
includes costs, including depreciation, amortisation and impairment charges, related to owned and  long - term leased vessels, 
equipment and offshore personnel deployed in Renewables activities.  
Corporate  
The Corporate business unit includes G roup - wide activities, and associated costs, including captive insurance activities, 
operational support, corporate services and costs associated with discrete events such as restructuring. The Corporate 
business unit also includes the results of  the Group’s autonomous subsidiaries, Xodus and 4Subsea, and activities in emerging  
energies such as hydrogen. A significant portion of the Corporate business unit’s costs are allocated to the Subsea and 
Conventional and Renewables business units based on a percentage of external revenue.  
The accounting policies of the business units are the same as the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 3 
‘Material accounting policies’.  
Allocations of costs also occur between segments based on the physical location of personnel. The Chief Operating Decision 
Maker (CODM) is the Chief Executive Officer of the Group. The CODM is assisted by the other members of the Executive 
Management Team.  Neither total assets nor total liabilities by operating segment are regularly provided to the CODM and 
consequently no such disclosure is shown.  
 
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 165
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 168]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
166 Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
5. Segment information continued  
Summarised financial information, including the disaggregation of the Group’s revenue from contracts with customers, 
concerning each operating segment is as follows: 
For the year ended 31 December 2025  
(in $ millions)  
Subsea  and 
Conventional  Renewables  Corporate  Total  
Selected financial information:      
Revenue (a)/(b)/(c)      
Fixed - price contracts  4,97 4.0 1,214 .1  18. 8 6, 206 .9 
Day - rate contracts  78 5.6  –  93.8 879.4 
 5, 759.6  1,214.1  112. 6 7, 086.3  
Operating expenses  (4, 868. 8)  (1,096.6)  ( 46.0 )  (6,011.4 )  
Share of net income of associates and joint ventures  38.0 –  – 38.0 
Depreciation, mobilisation and amortisation charges  (540.1)  (119.6)  (19.5)  (679.2)  
Impairment of goodwill  – –  (17. 6)  (17. 6 )  
Impairment of property, plant and equipment , intangible assets and right -
of - use assets  (5.0)  (6.5)  (2. 1)  (13. 6 )  
Impairment of interests in associates and joint ventures  – –  (1.7)  (1.7)  
Net gain /( loss ) on disposal of property, plant and equipment and maturity 
of lease liabilities  2.6 (0.2)  – 2.4 
Reconciliation of net operating income/(loss) to income before taxes:      
Net operating income/(loss)  76 2 . 0  75. 3  (66.6)  77 0 .7  
Finance income     22.8  
Other gains and losses     (8 4.4 )  
Finance costs     (87.3)  
Income before taxes     62 1.8 
Adjusted EBITDA (d)  1,304.5 201.6 (25. 7) 1,480.4 
Adjusted EBITDA margin (d)  22.6% 16.6%  (2 2.8%) 20.9%  
(a)  Revenue represents only external revenue for each segment. An analysis of inter - segment revenue has not been included as this information is not 
provided to the CODM.  
(b)  T wo  clients (202 4 : t wo  clients) within the Subsea and Conventional segment in the year individually accounted for more than 10% of the Group ’s revenue. 
The revenue from these clients was as follows: Client A $ 1, 466 .4 m illion  (202 4 : $1,036.0  million)  and  Client B $ 8 26.5  million (202 4 : $815.5  million) . 
(c)  Revenue from contracts with customers recognised over time as defined by IFRS 15.  
(d)  Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are non - IFRS measures. For explanations and reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted 
EBITDA margin refer t o ‘Additional information – APMs ’ on pages 211 to 214. 
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025166
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 169]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
166 Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
5. Segment information continued  
Summarised financial information, including the disaggregation of the Group’s revenue from contracts with customers, 
concerning each operating segment is as follows: 
For the year ended 31 December 2025  
(in $ millions)  
Subsea  and 
Conventional  Renewables  Corporate  Total  
Selected financial information:      
Revenue (a)/(b)/(c)      
Fixed - price contracts  4,97 4.0 1,214 .1  18. 8 6, 206 .9 
Day - rate contracts  78 5.6  –  93.8 879.4 
 5, 759.6  1,214.1  112. 6  7, 086.3  
Operating expenses  (4, 868. 8)  (1,096.6)  ( 46.0 )  (6,011.4 )  
Share of net income of associates and joint ventures  38.0 –  – 38.0 
Depreciation, mobilisation and amortisation charges  (540.1)  (119.6)  (19.5)  (679.2)  
Impairment of goodwill  – –  (17. 6)  (17. 6 )  
Impairment of property, plant and equipment , intangible assets and right -
of - use assets  (5.0)  (6.5)  (2. 1)  (13. 6 )  
Impairment of interests in associates and joint ventures  – –  (1.7)  (1.7)  
Net gain /( loss ) on disposal of property, plant and equipment and maturity 
of lease liabilities  2.6 (0.2)  – 2.4 
Reconciliation of net operating income/(loss) to income before taxes:      
Net operating income/(loss)  76 2 . 0  75. 3  (66.6)  77 0 .7  
Finance income     22.8  
Other gains and losses     (8 4 . 4 )  
Finance costs     (87.3)  
Income before taxes     62 1 . 8  
Adjusted EBITDA (d)  1,304.5 201.6 (25. 7) 1,480.4 
Adjusted EBITDA margin (d)  22.6% 16.6%  (2 2.8%) 20.9%  
(a)  Revenue represents only external revenue for each segment. An analysis of inter - segment revenue has not been included as this information is not 
provided to the CODM.  
(b)  T wo  clients (202 4 : t wo  clients) within the Subsea and Conventional segment in the year individually accounted for more than 10% of the Group ’s revenue. 
The revenue from these clients was as follows: Client A $ 1, 466 .4 m illion  (202 4 : $1,036.0  million)  and  Client B $ 8 26.5  million (202 4 : $815.5  million) . 
(c)  Revenue from contracts with customers recognised over time as defined by IFRS 15.  
(d)  Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are non - IFRS measures. For explanations and reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted 
EBITDA margin refer t o ‘Additional information – APMs ’ on pages 211 to 214. 
  
 
167  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
For the year ended 31 December 2024  
(in $ millions)  
Subsea and 
Conventional  Renewables  Corporate  Total  
Selected financial information:      
Revenue (a)/(b)/(c)      
Fixed - price contracts  4,815.1  1,190.8  16.8  6,022.7  
Day - rate contracts  684.9  41.6  87.8  814.3  
 5,500.0  1,232.4  104.6  6,83 7 .0  
Operating expenses  (4,974.6)  (1,140.3)  (17.4)  (6,132.3)  
Share of net income/(loss) of associates and joint ventures  38.1  – (0.1)  38.0  
Depreciation, mobilisation and amortisation charges  (488.7)  (115.9)  (17.9)  (622.5)  
Impairment of goodwill  – (6.2)  –  (6.2)  
Impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets  (3.7)  (10.8)  (1.3)  (15.8)  
Net (loss)/gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment and maturity 
of lease liabilities  (1.4)  1.3  – (0.1)  
Reconciliation of net operating income/(loss) to income before taxes:      
Net operating income/(loss)  403.5  53.4  (11.4)  445.5  
Finance income     24.4  
Other gains and losses     (0.5)  
Finance costs     (101.2)  
Income before taxes     368.2  
Adjusted EBITDA (d)  897.3  185.0  7.8  1,090.1  
Adjusted EBITDA margin (d)  16.3%  15.0%  7.5%  15.9%  
(a)  Revenue represents only external revenue for each segment. An analysis of inter - segment revenue has not been included as this information is not 
provided to the CODM.  
(b)  Revenue from contracts with customers recognised over time as defined by IFRS 15.  
(c)  Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are non - IFRS measures. For explanations and reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted 
EBITDA margin refer to ‘Additional information – APMs’ on pages 2 11 to 2 14. 
Geographic information  
Revenue from external clients  
Based on the Group ’s subsidiaries’ or branches ’ country of registered office holding the customer contract, revenue is  split 
as follows:  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Norway  1,664.6  1,591.0  
United Kingdom  1,580. 6 1,238.9  
Brazil  1,539.7  1,366.6  
US  672. 7 514.8  
Netherlands  366.2  158.7  
Australia  317.1  473.7  
Türkiye  277.4  142.8  
Germany  142.5  263.1  
Saudi Arabia  130.2  219.0  
Angola  122.6  198.0  
Singapore  52.8  133.8  
Egypt  48.8 41.4  
Trinidad & Tobago  38.7  42.7  
Mexico  36.7  6.7  
Taiwan  34.0 289.1  
Other countries  61.7  156.7  
 7,08 6 . 3  6,837.0  
(a)  Comparative information for the year ended 31 December 2024 includes revenue of $51.4 million from the Group’s subsidiaries or branches with a 
registered office in Guyana.  
 
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 167
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 170]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
168  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
5. Segment information continued  
Non -current assets 
Based on the country of registered office of the Group ’s subsidiar ies  or branch es, non - current assets for this purpose 
consist of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, right- of - use assets and interest s in associates and joint ventures,  
are located in the following countries:  
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
United Kingdom   2,3 64 .9  2,480.8  
Norway   868.3  987.1  
Isle of Man   641.1  581.4  
Netherlands   416.6  400.8  
US   122.3  170.1  
Brazil   45.8  41.8  
France   33.1  5.2  
Angola   21.8  22.5  
Other countries   37 .7  126. 2  
 4,5 51 . 6  4,815.9  
(a)  Comparative information for the year ended 31 December 202 4 includes non - current assets of $ 64.8  million from the Group’s subsidiaries or 
branches with a registered office in Egypt .  
6. Net operating income  
Net operating  income  includes:  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Employee benefits  1,630.9 1,603.3  
Lease expense for short - term leased assets  8 04 .5 791.5  
Lease expense for low - value leased assets  0.4  1.2  
Variable lease amounts not included within lease liabilities  4.1 (0.3)  
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 14)  391.7  374.9  
Amortisation of right - of - use assets (Note 15)  259.9  216.6  
Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 13)  15.2  14.3  
Amortisation of mobilisation costs  12. 4 16.7  
Impairment of goodwill (Note 12)  17.6  6.2  
Impairment of property, plant and equipment (Note 14)  10.1 14.2  
Impairment of intangible assets (Note 13)  2.1 1.6  
Impairment of right - of - use assets (Note 15)  1.4  – 
Net (gain)/ loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and maturity of lease liabilities  (2.4)  0.1  
Research and development costs  12.8  13.5  
Auditor’s remuneration  4. 9 4.3  
Net credit impairment (reversal)/ charge for financial assets (Note 3 3) (0. 3)  0.4  
Net (decrease)/ increase  in allowances for expected credit losses for financial assets  (1. 5)  1.2  
Net increase/(decrease) in allowances for expected credit losses for construction contract assets (Note 22) – (0.4)  
The total fees chargeable to the Group by the principal auditing firm Ernst & Young S.A. and other member firms of Ernst & 
Young Global Limited were:  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Audit fees  4.3 3.9  
Other assurance fees  0.3  0.3  
Non - audit fees  0. 2 – 
Tax fees  0.1 0.1  
 4.9 4.3  
Audit fees constitute charges incurred for the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and statutory financial 
statements of Subsea 7 S.A. and certain subsidiaries. Fees were primarily incurred in connection with the year ended 
31  December 202 5 but include final settlement of charges associated with the year ended 31 December 202 4. 
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025168
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 171]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
168  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
5. Segment information continued  
Non -current assets 
Based on the country of registered office of the Group ’s subsidiar ies  or branch es, non - current assets for this purpose 
consist of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, right- of - use assets and interest s in associates and joint ventures,  
are located in the following countries:  
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
United Kingdom   2,3 64 .9  2,480.8  
Norway   868.3  987.1  
Isle of Man   641.1  581.4  
Netherlands   416.6  400.8  
US   122.3  170.1  
Brazil   45.8  41.8  
France   33.1  5.2  
Angola   21.8  22.5  
Other countries   37 .7  126. 2  
 4,5 51 . 6  4,815.9  
(a)  Comparative information for the year ended 31 December 202 4 includes non - current assets of $ 64.8  million from the Group’s subsidiaries or 
branches with a registered office in Egypt .  
6. Net operating income  
Net operating  income  includes:  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Employee benefits  1,630.9 1,603.3  
Lease expense for short - term leased assets  8 04 .5 791.5  
Lease expense for low - value leased assets  0.4  1.2  
Variable lease amounts not included within lease liabilities  4.1 (0.3)  
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 14)  391.7  374.9  
Amortisation of right - of - use assets (Note 15)  259.9  216.6  
Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 13)  15.2  14.3  
Amortisation of mobilisation costs  12. 4 16.7  
Impairment of goodwill (Note 12)  17.6  6.2  
Impairment of property, plant and equipment (Note 14)  10.1 14.2  
Impairment of intangible assets (Note 13)  2.1 1.6  
Impairment of right - of - use assets (Note 15)  1.4  – 
Net (gain)/ loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and maturity of lease liabilities  (2.4)  0.1  
Research and development costs  12.8  13.5  
Auditor’s remuneration  4. 9 4.3  
Net credit impairment (reversal)/ charge for financial assets (Note 3 3) (0. 3)  0.4  
Net (decrease)/ increase  in allowances for expected credit losses for financial assets  (1. 5)  1.2  
Net increase/(decrease) in allowances for expected credit losses for construction contract assets (Note 22) – (0.4)  
The total fees chargeable to the Group by the principal auditing firm Ernst & Young S.A. and other member firms of Ernst & 
Young Global Limited were:  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Audit fees  4.3 3.9  
Other assurance fees  0.3  0.3  
Non - audit fees  0. 2 – 
Tax fees  0.1 0.1  
 4.9 4.3  
Audit fees constitute charges incurred for the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and statutory financial 
statements of Subsea 7 S.A. and certain subsidiaries. Fees were primarily incurred in connection with the year ended 
31  December 202 5 but include final settlement of charges associated with the year ended 31 December 202 4. 
  
 
169 Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
Tax fees constitute charges incurred for non - prohibited  professional services rendered by the Group ’s principal auditor and 
member firms relating  to the provision of tax advice and tax compliance services for work undertaken during the year ended 
31 December 20 25 . Fees were primarily incurred in connection with the year ended 31 December 20 25 .  
The Group ’s Audit and Sustainability Committee policy requires pre - approval of audit and non - audit services prior to 
the  appointment of the providers of professional services together with highlighting excluded services which the Group ’s 
principal auditor cannot provide. The Audit Committee and Sustainability delegates approval to the Chief Financial Officer 
based on predetermined limits. The Audit and Sustainability Committee pre- approved or, in cases where pre - approval was 
delegated, ratified all audit an d non -audit services, provided by the Group ’s principal auditor, to Subsea 7 S.A. and its 
subsidiaries during the year ended 31 December 2025. 
Reconciliation of operating expenses and administrative expenses by nature  
  31 Dec 2025    31 Dec 2024  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
Operating 
expenses  
Administrative 
expenses  Total expenses   
Operating  
expenses  
Administrative 
expenses  Total expenses  
Direct project - related costs, including 
procurement  2,626.3  –  2,626.3   2,793.0  –  2,793.0  
Employee benefits  1,430.5  200.4  1,630.9   1,418.4  184.9  1,603.3  
Lease expense for short - term leased assets  8 03 . 3  1.2  8 04 . 5   790.4  1.1  791.5  
Lease expense for low - value leased assets  0.3  0.1  0.4   1.1  0.1  1.2  
Variable lease amounts not included within 
lease  liabilities  4.1  –  4.1   (0.3)  –  (0.3)  
Depreciation, amortisation and mobilisation  638.0  41.2  679.2   585.0  37.5  622.5  
Impairment of goodwill  17.6  –  17.6   6.2  – 6.2  
Impairment of property, plant and equipment  10.1  –  10.1   14.2  –  14.2  
Impairment of intangible assets  2.1  –  2.1   1.6  – 1.6  
Impairment of right - of - use assets  0.9  0. 5  1. 4      
Net (gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant 
and equipment and maturity of lease liabilities  (2.4)  –  (2. 4 )   0.1  –  0.1  
Net credit impairment (reversal)/charge for 
financial assets  (0. 5 )  0.2  (0.3)   0.4  –  0.4  
Net increase/(decrease) in allowances for 
expected credit losses for financial assets  (1. 5 )  –  (1. 5 )   1.2  –  1.2  
Net decrease in allowances for expected credit 
losses for construction contract assets  – –  –  (0.4)  –  (0.4)  
Other expenses  4 82 .6 96. 9  5 79 .5  521.4  73.6  595.0  
Total  6,011. 4 340. 5  6,351. 9  6,132.3  297.2  6,429.5  
7. Other gains and losses  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Fair value (losses)/ gains on derivative financial instruments mandatorily measured at fair value through 
profit or loss  
(0.8)  0.4  
Net gains on business combinations post measurement periods  0.7  – 
Remeasurement loss on business combination  –  (0.9)  
Net foreign currency exchange gains (a)  (84.3)  – 
Total  (84.4)  (0.5)  
(a)  Net foreign currency exchange gains include fair value gains and losses on embedded derivatives.  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 169
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 172]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
170  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
8. Finance income and finance costs  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Interest on financial assets measured at amortised cost  22.8  24.4  
Total finance income  22.8  24.4  
 
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Interest and fees on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost  50.2  70.7  
Total borrowing costs  50.2  70.7  
Less: amounts capitalised and included in the cost of qualifying assets  (4.9)  (6.6)  
 45.3  64.1  
Interest on lease liabilities  26.8 34.7  
T ransactional charge s   12.1 2. 0  
Interest on tax liabilities  3.1 0.4  
Total finance costs  87.3  101.2  
Borrowing costs included in the cost of qualifying assets during the year were  calculated by applying to expenditure on such 
assets an average capitalisation rate of 5.8 % (2024 : 6.8%) reflecting the cost of finance , dependent on the funding source.  
9. Taxation  
Tax recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Tax charged in the Consolidated Income Statement    
Current tax:    
Corporation tax on income for the year  215.8  143.6  
Adjustments in respect of prior years  (4.3)  7.5  
Total current tax  211.5 151.1  
Deferred tax (credit)/charge for the year  (2.2)  11.6  
Adjustments in respect of prior years  8.3  (11.1)  
Total deferred tax charge  6.1 0.5  
Total  217.6  151.6  
Tax recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Tax charge/(credit) relating to items recognised directly in comprehensive income    
Current tax on:    
Exchange differences  2.0 (2.2)  
Income tax recognised directly in comprehensive income  2.0 (2.2)  
Deferred tax on:    
Remeasurement (loss)/gain on defined benefit pension scheme  (0.2)  0.2  
Deferred tax recognised directly in comprehensive income  (0.2)  0.2  
Total  1.8  (2.0)  
Deferred tax recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Share - based payments  (1. 0)  (0.6)  
Total  (1. 0)  (0.6)  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025170
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 173]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
170  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
8. Finance income and finance costs  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Interest on financial assets measured at amortised cost  22.8  24.4  
Total finance income  22.8  24.4  
 
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Interest and fees on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost  50.2  70.7  
Total borrowing costs  50.2  70.7  
Less: amounts capitalised and included in the cost of qualifying assets  (4.9)  (6.6)  
 45.3  64.1  
Interest on lease liabilities  26.8 34.7  
T ransactional charge s   12.1 2. 0  
Interest on tax liabilities  3.1 0.4  
Total finance costs  87.3  101.2  
Borrowing costs included in the cost of qualifying assets during the year were  calculated by applying to expenditure on such 
assets an average capitalisation rate of 5.8 % (2024 : 6.8%) reflecting the cost of finance , dependent on the funding source.  
9. Taxation  
Tax recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Tax charged in the Consolidated Income Statement    
Current tax:    
Corporation tax on income for the year  215.8  143.6  
Adjustments in respect of prior years  (4.3)  7.5  
Total current tax  211.5 151.1  
Deferred tax (credit)/charge for the year  (2.2)  11.6  
Adjustments in respect of prior years  8.3  (11.1)  
Total deferred tax charge  6.1 0.5  
Total  217.6  151.6  
Tax recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Tax charge/(credit) relating to items recognised directly in comprehensive income    
Current tax on:    
Exchange differences  2.0  (2.2)  
Income tax recognised directly in comprehensive income  2.0 (2.2)  
Deferred tax on:    
Remeasurement (loss)/gain on defined benefit pension scheme  (0.2)  0.2  
Deferred tax recognised directly in comprehensive income  (0.2)  0.2  
Total  1.8  (2.0)  
Deferred tax recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Share - based payments  (1. 0)  (0.6)  
Total  (1. 0)  (0.6)  
  
 
171  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
Reconciliation of taxation   
Income taxes have been provided for in accordance with IAS 12 ‘Income Taxes’, based on the tax laws and rates in the 
countries where the Group operates and generates taxable income.  
The reconciliation below uses a tax rate of 23.87% (2024: 24.94%) which represents the blended tax rate applicable to 
Luxembourg entities.  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Income before taxes  621.8  368.2 
Tax at the blended tax rate of 23.87% (2024: 24.94%)  148.4  91.8  
Effects of:    
Different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in other jurisdictions  (8.4)  (11.0)  
Non - qualifying depreciation  1.3  1.0  
Net cost /(benefit)  of tonnage tax regimes  15. 5  (42.5)  
Withholding taxes and unrelieved overseas taxes  58.5  45.8  
Non - deductible legal and professional fees  8.9  – 
Non - deductible expenses and non - taxable income  9.7  8.0  
Tax effect of share of net income of associates and joint ventures  (8.3)  (8.6)  
Movement in unprovided deferred tax  ( 22.3 )  59.8  
Revisions to uncertain tax treatments  10.3  10.9  
Adjustments related to prior years  4.0  (3.6)  
Taxation in the Consolidated Income Statement  217.6  151.6  
Deferred tax  
Movements in the net deferred tax balance and the categories to which they relate were:  
(in $ millions)   
Property, 
plant and 
equipment  
Accrued 
expenses  
and deferred 
income  
Share -
based 
payments  Tax losses  Other  Total  
Balance at 1 January 2024   (45.5)  (34.1)  0.5  91.6  ( 4.8)  7.7  
(Charged)/credited to:         
Consolidated Income Statement   18.3  (26.5)  0.6  15.1  (8.0)  ( 0.5)  
Other comprehensive income   – ( 0.2)  – – – ( 0.2)  
Changes in equity   – –  0.6  – – 0.6  
Balance sheet reclassifications   (0.2)  – – – – ( 0.2)  
Exchange differences   (0.6)  3.2  ( 0.4)  (4.2)  0.9  (1.1)  
Balance at 31 December 2024   (28.0)  (57.6)  1.3  102.5  (11.9)  6.3  
(Charged)/credited to:         
Consolidated Income Statement   (24.7)  38.7  1.7  (38.8)  17.0  (6.1)  
Other comprehensive income   – 0.2  – – – 0.2  
Changes in equity   – –  1. 0 – – 1. 0 
Balance sheet reclassifications   – –  – (3.9)  – (3.9)  
Exchange differences   (1.6)  2.2  0. 3 4.4  (5.0)  0. 3 
Balance at 31 December 2025   (54.3)  (16.5)  4.3 64.2 0.1 (2.2)  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 171
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 174]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
172  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
9. Taxation continued  
Deferred tax continued  
The main categories of deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised o n the Consolidated Balance Sheet, before offset of 
balances within countries where permitted, were as follows : 
At 31 December 2025  
(in $ millions)  
Deferred tax 
asset  
Deferred tax 
liability  
Net recognised 
deferred tax 
asset/(liability)  
Property, plant and equipment  10.1 (64.4)  (54.3)  
Accrued expenses and deferred income  68.4  (84.9)  (16.5)  
Share - based payments  4.3 – 4.3 
Tax losses  64.2 – 64.2 
Other  4.9 (4.8)  0.1 
Total  151.9  ( 154.1)  (2.2)  
At 31 December 2024  
(in $ millions)  
Deferred tax  
asset  
Deferred  
tax liability  
Net recognised 
deferred tax 
asset/(liability)  
Property, plant and equipment  31.5  (59.5)  (28.0)  
Accrued expenses and deferred income  11.9  (69.5)  (57.6)  
Share - based payments  1.3  – 1.3  
Tax losses  102.5  – 102.5  
Other  8.2  (20.1)  (11.9)  
Total  155.4  (149.1)  6.3  
Deferred tax is analysed in the Consolidated Balance Sheet, after offset of balances within countries, as:  
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Deferred tax assets  119.3  93.6  
Deferred tax liabilities  (121.5)  (87.3)  
Total  (2.2)  6.3  
At  31 December 2025 , the gross amount and expiry dates of losses available for carry forward were as follows:  
(in $ millions)  
Expiring 
within 5 
years  
Expiring in  
6 to 10  
years  
Expiring in  
11 to 20 
years  
Without   
limit  Total  
Losses for which a deferred tax asset is recognised  – – – 221.6  221.6  
Losses for which no deferred tax asset is recognised  93.8 333.3  128.9  2,252.3  2,808.3  
Total  93.8 333.3  128.9  2,473.9  3,029.9  
At 31 December 2024 , the gross amount and expiry dates of losses available for carry forward were as follows:  
(in $ millions)  
Expiring 
within 5  
years  
Expiring in  
6 to 10  
years  
Expiring in  
11 to 20  
years  
Without  
limit  Total  
Losses for which a deferred tax asset is recognised  – – – 400.9  400.9  
Losses for which no deferred tax asset is recognised  122.8  166.2  161.8  2,211.6  2,662.4  
Total  122.8  166.2  161.8  2,612.5  3,063.3  
The Group has recognised a deferred tax asset in respect of $105.3 million of losses in Brazil (2024: $45.1 million) out of a total of 
$313.5 million, based on its forecast profitability; and continues to recognise $34.2 million of losses in the UK (2024:  $221.5 million), 
having utilised $187.3 million of previously recognised losses in the year.  
Included in the above losses for which no asset is recognised were $1.6 billion (2024: $1.5 billion) in Luxembourg. Other jur isdictions 
with significant accumulated unrecognised losses include Saudi Arabia ($218.7 million), and Singapore ($134.4  million), the 
former as a result of uncertainty over the timing of future profitability, the latter being restricted in their utilisation against a 
vessel chartering trade.  
In addition, the Group has other unrecognised deferred tax assets of $39.8 million (2024: $86.8 million) in respect of other 
temporary differences. These primarily relate to fixed asset timing differences in Nigeria and the Netherlands.  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025172
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 175]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
172  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
9. Taxation continued  
Deferred tax continued  
The main categories of deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised o n the Consolidated Balance Sheet, before offset of 
balances within countries where permitted, were as follows : 
At 31 December 2025  
(in $ millions)  
Deferred tax 
asset  
Deferred tax 
liability  
Net recognised 
deferred tax 
asset/(liability)  
Property, plant and equipment  10.1 (64.4)  (54.3)  
Accrued expenses and deferred income  68.4  (84.9)  (16.5)  
Share - based payments  4.3 – 4.3 
Tax losses  64.2 – 64.2 
Other  4.9 (4.8)  0.1 
Total  151.9  ( 154.1)  (2.2)  
At 31 December 2024  
(in $ millions)  
Deferred tax  
asset  
Deferred  
tax liability  
Net recognised 
deferred tax 
asset/(liability)  
Property, plant and equipment  31.5  (59.5)  (28.0)  
Accrued expenses and deferred income  11.9  (69.5)  (57.6)  
Share - based payments  1.3  – 1.3  
Tax losses  102.5  – 102.5  
Other  8.2  (20.1)  (11.9)  
Total  155.4  (149.1)  6.3  
Deferred tax is analysed in the Consolidated Balance Sheet, after offset of balances within countries, as:  
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Deferred tax assets  119.3  93.6  
Deferred tax liabilities  (121.5)  (87.3)  
Total  (2.2)  6.3  
At  31 December 2025 , the gross amount and expiry dates of losses available for carry forward were as follows:  
(in $ millions)  
Expiring 
within 5 
years  
Expiring in  
6 to 10  
years  
Expiring in  
11 to 20 
years  
Without   
limit  Total  
Losses for which a deferred tax asset is recognised  – – – 221.6  221.6  
Losses for which no deferred tax asset is recognised  93.8 333.3  128.9  2,252.3  2,808.3  
Total  93.8 333.3  128.9  2,473.9  3,029.9  
At 31 December 2024 , the gross amount and expiry dates of losses available for carry forward were as follows:  
(in $ millions)  
Expiring 
within 5  
years  
Expiring in  
6 to 10  
years  
Expiring in  
11 to 20  
years  
Without  
limit  Total  
Losses for which a deferred tax asset is recognised  – – – 400.9  400.9  
Losses for which no deferred tax asset is recognised  122.8  166.2  161.8  2,211.6  2,662.4  
Total  122.8  166.2  161.8  2,612.5  3,063.3  
The Group has recognised a deferred tax asset in respect of $105.3 million of losses in Brazil (2024: $45.1 million) out of a total of 
$313.5 million, based on its forecast profitability; and continues to recognise $34.2 million of losses in the UK (2024:  $221.5 million), 
having utilised $187.3 million of previously recognised losses in the year.  
Included in the above losses for which no asset is recognised were $1.6 billion (2024: $1.5 billion) in Luxembourg. Other jur isdictions 
with significant accumulated unrecognised losses include Saudi Arabia ($218.7 million), and Singapore ($134.4  million), the 
former as a result of uncertainty over the timing of future profitability, the latter being restricted in their utilisation against a 
vessel chartering trade.  
In addition, the Group has other unrecognised deferred tax assets of $39.8 million (2024: $86.8 million) in respect of other 
temporary differences. These primarily relate to fixed asset timing differences in Nigeria and the Netherlands.  
  
 
173  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
No deferred tax has been recognised in respect of taxable temporary differences related to the unremitted earnings of the 
Group’s subsidiaries, branches, associates and joint ventures where remittance is not contemplated and where the timing of 
the distribution is within the control of the Group. The aggregate amount of unremitted earnings giving rise to such temporary 
differences for which deferred tax liabilities were not recognised at 31 December 2025 was $3 43 .6 million (2024: $258.7 million).  
Tonnage tax regime 
The Group has elected to have qualifying vessel - related activities taxed under tonnage tax regimes in the UK, Norway and 
the Netherlands. The Group has re- elected into tonnage tax in the UK until 2030.  
In 2025, the Group’s elections resulted in a negative impact on the Group’s tax charge of $15.5 million (2024: positive impac t of 
$42.5 million) primarily driven by tax charges on vessels as a result of moving between qualifying and non - qualifying structures.  
Uncertain tax treatments 
The Group’s business operations are carried out worldwide and, as such, the Group is subject to the jurisdiction of a 
significant number of tax authorities at any point in time.  
The Group routinely has to manage tax risks in respect of permanent establishments, transfer pricing and other international 
tax issues. In common with other multinational companies, the conflict between the Group’s global operating model and the 
jurisdict ional approach of tax authorities can result in uncertainty as to the ultimate acceptability of the treatment of tax matters.  
This often results in the Group’s filing positions being subject to audit, enquiry and possible re - assessment. During 2025, the 
Group was subject to audits and disputes in, among others, Brazil, Germany, Mexico, Nigeria and Saudi Arabia. These audits 
are at various stages of completion. The Group’s policy is to cooperate fully with the relevant tax authorities while seeking to 
defend its tax positions.  
The Group provides for the amount of taxes that it considers probable of being payable as a result of such audits and for 
which a reasonable estimate can be made. Furthermore, for each reporting period management completes a detailed review 
of uncertain tax treatments across the Group and makes provisions based on the probability of a liability arising. It is possible 
that the ultimate resolution of these uncertainties could result in tax charges or credits that are materially higher or lower 
than the amounts provided for.  
In the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group recorded a net increase in the financial impact of uncertain tax treatments 
of $10. 3 million (2024: $10.9 million) as a result of revisions to estimated future obligations.  
OECD Pillar Two 
The Group is within the scope of the OECD Pillar Two model rules, and it applies the IAS 12 exception to recognising and 
disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes. Under the legislation, t he 
Group i s required to pay top - up tax on profits of its subsidiaries that are taxed at an effective tax rate of less than 15 per 
cent. There are three transitional safe harbours which will apply through 2026, being a de minimis test, the routine profits 
test and th e ability to undertake a simplified effective tax rate calculation. After applying these safe harbours, the Group 
does  not believe it has any exposure to the legislation as it does not leverage off low tax jurisdictions, where it does not 
have relevant substance.  
The Group has elected to be taxed under three European tonnage tax regimes and the activities of the Group’s fleet  can 
extend beyond the definition of international shipping (being the transportation of passengers or cargo by ships in internati onal 
traffic) set out in the OECD model rules. As such, exposure to this tax could exist in the UK, the Netherlands, and Norway, as 
well as  the  Isle of Man, where the Group’s captive insurance company is incorporated, but the level of other, non - tonnage tax, 
activities in each of the UK, the Netherlands and Norway, together with the level of substance maintained in those jurisdictions 
means that no top - up tax is expected other than in respect of Tartaruga Insurance Limited and for which a current year 
provision of $0.7  m illion  has been made in 2025.   
10. Dividends 
A dividend of NOK 13 .00 per share was approved by the shareholders of Subsea 7 S.A. at the Annual General Meeting on 
8 May 202 5 . The dividend, equivalent to a total of $ 376.2 million, was paid in two equal instalments on 22  May 202 5 and 
6 November 202 5 to shareholders of Subsea 7 S.A. with respective record dates of 15 May 202 5 and 3 0 October 202 5. 
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 173
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 176]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
174  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
11. Earnings per share 
Basic and diluted earnings per share 
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net income attributable to shareholders of the parent company by the 
weighted average number of common shares in issue during the year, excluding shares repurchased by the Group and held 
as treasury sh ares (Note  25 ‘ Treasury shares ’).  
Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of common shares outstanding to assume 
conversion  of  all potentially dilutive common shares. The Group ’s potentially dilutive common shares include those related to 
performance shares.  
The net income attributable to shareholders of the parent company and share data used in the basic and diluted earnings per 
share calculations were as follows:  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Net income attributable to shareholders of the parent company  411.4  201.4  
Earnings used in the calculation of diluted earnings per share  411.4  201.4  
   
For the year ended  
202 5  
31 Dec  
Number of shares  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Number of  shares  
Weighted average number of common shares used in the calculation of basic earnings per share  295,742,708  298,183,212 
Performance shares  1,987 ,153  1,596,541  
Weighted average number of common shares used in the calculation of diluted earnings  
per share  297,7 29 ,861  299,779,753  
   
For the year ended (in $ per share)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Basic earnings per share  1. 39  0.68  
Diluted earnings per share  1. 38  0.67  
During  the year the following shares, that could potentially dilute the earnings per share, were excluded from the calculation 
of diluted earnings per share due to being anti -dilutive: 
For the year ended  
2025  
31 Dec  
Number of shares  
2024  
31 Dec  
Number of shares  
Performance shares  1,029,628  834,917  
12 . Goodwill  
(in $ millions)   Total  
Cost    
At 1 January 2024   2,462.0  
Exchange differences   (24.9)  
At  31 December 2024   2,437.1  
Additions   1.9  
Transfer  to disposal group classified as held for sale  (Note 20)   (15.4)  
Exchange differences   115.7  
At 31 December 2025   2,539.3 
   
Accumulated impairment    
At 1 January 2024   2,269.8  
Impairment charges   6.2  
Exchange differences   (22.6)  
At 31 December 2024   2,253.4  
Impairment charges   17. 6 
Exchange differences   111. 3 
At 31 December 2025   2,382.3  
   
Carrying amount    
At 31 December 2024   183.7   
At  31 December 2025   157.0  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025174
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 177]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
174  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
11. Earnings per share 
Basic and diluted earnings per share 
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net income attributable to shareholders of the parent company by the 
weighted average number of common shares in issue during the year, excluding shares repurchased by the Group and held 
as treasury sh ares (Note  25 ‘ Treasury shares ’).  
Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of common shares outstanding to assume 
conversion  of  all potentially dilutive common shares. The Group ’s potentially dilutive common shares include those related to 
performance shares.  
The net income attributable to shareholders of the parent company and share data used in the basic and diluted earnings per 
share calculations were as follows:  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Net income attributable to shareholders of the parent company  411.4  201.4  
Earnings used in the calculation of diluted earnings per share  411.4  201.4  
   
For the year ended  
202 5  
31 Dec  
Number of shares  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Number of  shares  
Weighted average number of common shares used in the calculation of basic earnings per share  295,742,708  298,183,212 
Performance shares  1,987 ,153  1,596,541  
Weighted average number of common shares used in the calculation of diluted earnings  
per share  297,7 29 ,861  299,779,753  
   
For the year ended (in $ per share)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Basic earnings per share  1. 39  0.68  
Diluted earnings per share  1. 38  0.67  
During  the year the following shares, that could potentially dilute the earnings per share, were excluded from the calculation 
of diluted earnings per share due to being anti -dilutive: 
For the year ended  
2025  
31 Dec  
Number of shares  
2024  
31 Dec  
Number of shares  
Performance shares  1,029,628  834,917  
12 . Goodwill  
(in $ millions)   Total  
Cost    
At 1 January 2024   2,462.0  
Exchange differences   (24.9)  
At  31 December 2024   2,437.1  
Additions   1.9  
Transfer  to disposal group classified as held for sale  (Note 20)   (15.4)  
Exchange differences   115.7  
At 31 December 2025   2,539.3 
   
Accumulated impairment    
At 1 January 2024   2,269.8  
Impairment charges   6.2  
Exchange differences   (22.6)  
At 31 December 2024   2,253.4  
Impairment charges   17. 6 
Exchange differences   111. 3 
At 31 December 2025   2,382.3  
   
Carrying amount    
At 31 December 2024   183.7   
At  31 December 2025   157.0  
  
 
175  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
For financial management and reporting purposes, the Group is organised into management regions. Management regions 
are aligned with the Group ’s business units which are used by the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) to allocate 
resources and appraise performance.  
The Group has nine CGUs which are aligned with management regions. At 31 December 202 5 the Group ’s CGUs comprised:  
• CGUs for GPC East, Brazil  and GPC West, Gulf of Mexico, Norway , and UK  G IRM which include activities connected with 
the performance of regional projects including SURF activities (related to the engineering, procurement, construction and 
installation of offshore systems), the results of the Group’s associate, OneSubsea, Conventional services (including the 
fabrication, installation, extension and refurbishment of platforms and pipelines in shallow water), the long - term PLSV 
contracts in Brazil, activities connected with  the provision of inspection, repair and maintenance services, integrity 
management of subsea infrastructure and remote intervention  support;  
• Floating Wind CGU  which includes activities  related to floating wind solutions;  
• Xodus CGU which includes activities related to engineering services, advisory services and environmental support;  
• 4Subsea CGU which includes activities connected with integrity management of subsea infrastructure; and  
• Renewables CGU which includes activities connected with three specialist segments of the fixed offshore wind market: 
the  installation of  offshore wind turbine foundations and in ter- array cables, heavy lifting  and heavy transportation  
operations related to the renewables sector.  
The Group performed its annual goodwill impairment review  at 31 December 202 5 . Subsequent to this review the carrying 
amounts of the goodwill w ere allocated to the following CGUs:  
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
4Subsea  16.6 14.7  
Gulf of Mexico  21.0 19.0  
Norway  7.7 9.4  
Renewables  89.8 105.3  
UK GIRM  21.9 19.8  
Xodus  – 15.5  
Total 157.0 183.7  
On 21 February 2025, an indirect subsidiary of Subsea 7 S.A. acquired the entire share capital of Daymark Energy Advisors 
Inc. The transaction resulted in the recognition of $1.9 million  of goodwill, which was included within the Xodus CGU.  
Following the Group’s annual impairment review, impairment charges of $ 17. 6 million were recognised in the Xodus CGU. The 
impairment charges were driven by a decrease in the recoverable amounts as a result of a challenging business environment, 
in the short to medium term.  
At 31 December 2025, there was no goodwill associated with the Floating Wind, GPC East, Brazil and GPC West and Xodus CGUs.  
The recoverable amounts of the CGUs were determined based on a value - in - use calculation using pre - tax, risk - adjusted cash 
flow projections approved by the Executive Management Team covering a five - year period from 202 6 to 20 30 . These 
projections include certain  considerations for climate - related risks and opportunities.  Future uncertainty around climate -
related risks continue to be monitored including policy, regulatory, legal, technological, market and societal considerations. 
The present value of future c ash  flows is most sensitive to the terminal value assumptions ; management consider s that  these 
represent an appropriate balance between the oil and gas business and the growing renewables sector within the transition 
to a lower - carbon economy . Cash flows beyond th e five- year period were extrapolated in perpetuity using a 2.0% (20 24 : 2.0%) 
growth rate for the Corporate and Subsea and Conventional business unit s and  a 4.0% (202 4 : 4 .0%) growth rate for the 
Renewables business unit  to determine the terminal value.  
The pre- tax discount rate applied to the risk - adjusted cash flow projections was 11.9 % (20 24 : 1 2.1%). Further information is 
included in  Note 1 ‘General information’ .  
Key assumptions used in value -in-use calculations 
Management considers that the calculations of value - in - use for all CGUs are most sensitive to the following key assumptions:  
• Adjusted EBITDA forecasts;  
• c apital expenditure forecasts;  
• the pre - tax discount rate; and  
• the growth rate used to extrapolate cash flows.  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 175
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 178]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
176  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
12. Goodwill continued 
Key assumptions used in value-in-use calculations continued 
Adjusted EBITDA forecast s – t he Adjusted EBITDA forecast for each CGU is dependent on a combination of factors 
including market size, market share, contractual backlog, gross margins, future project awards, asset utilisation and an 
assessment of the impacts of competition within the respective segments. Assumptions are based on a combination of 
internal and external studies, management judgements and historical information, adjusted for any foreseen changes in 
market conditions.  
Replacement capital expenditure forecasts – the capital expenditure forecast for the Group is dependent on a com bination  
of factors including market size, asset utilisation and asset age. Assumptions are based on a combination of internal and 
external studies, management judgements and historical information, adjusted for any foreseen changes in market conditions.  
Replacement capital expenditure represents the amounts estimated  to maintain the function of the assets in the CGU.  
Pre- tax discount rate – t he pre - tax discount rate was estimated based on the weighted average cost of capital of the Group, 
amended to reflect a normalised capital structure for the energy sector. Risk premiums were not reflected in  the discount 
rate applied to individual CGUs as the  CGU cash flow projections were risk adjusted.  
Growth rate estimates – t he growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flow projections beyond the five - year period is  broadly 
consistent with market expectations for long - term growth in the industry and assumes no significant change in the Group ’s 
market share and the range of services and products provided.  
Sensitivity to changes in key assumptions  
In determining the value - in - use recoverable amount for each CGU, sensitivities have been applied to key assumptions. The 
industry in which the Group operates is cyclical and highly dependent on energy prices ; this could lead to changes in future 
cash flows which are greater than the sensitivity ranges applied.  
In the performance of sensitivity analysis the impacts of the following changes to key assumptions were assessed:  
• f orecast Adjusted EBITDA – a 10% increase and decrease in the assumptions during the five - year period from 202 6 to 
20 30 , and the Adjusted EBITDA upon which terminal values have been calculated;  
• replacement capital expenditure forecast – a 25% increase and decrease in the forecast replacement capital expenditure 
assumptions during the five - year period from 202 6 to 20 30 , and the capital expenditure upon which terminal values have 
been calculated ; 
• pre - tax discount rate – an increase and decrease by 2 percentage points;  and  
• growth rate – an increase and decrease by 2 percentage points . 
The impact on goodwill as a result of c hanges to the key assumptions used in the sensitivity analysis is as follows:  
 Adjusted EBITDA  Discount rate  Capital expenditure  Long - term growth rate  
(in $ millions)  10% decrease  10% increase  2% decrease  2% increase  25% decrease  25% increase  2% decrease  2% increase  
Renewables  (89.8)  – – (89. 8 )  – (89.8)  (89.8)  – 
CGUs not impaired and not sensitive to impairment 
Changes to the key assumptions used in the sensitivity analysis would not, in isolation, cause the recoverable amount of the 
4Subsea, Gulf of Mexico, Norway  and  UK GIRM CGUs to be materially less than their carrying amount .  
The  Floating Wind,  GPC East, Brazil  and  GPC West and Xodus CGUs have no goodwill  at 31 December 2025 , therefore any future 
changes in the key assumptions, in isolation, would not result in an impairment charge being recognised against goodwill.  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025176
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 179]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
176  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
12. Goodwill continued 
Key assumptions used in value-in-use calculations continued 
Adjusted EBITDA forecast s – t he Adjusted EBITDA forecast for each CGU is dependent on a combination of factors 
including market size, market share, contractual backlog, gross margins, future project awards, asset utilisation and an 
assessment of the impacts of competition within the respective segments. Assumptions are based on a combination of 
internal and external studies, management judgements and historical information, adjusted for any foreseen changes in 
market conditions.  
Replacement capital expenditure forecasts – the capital expenditure forecast for the Group is dependent on a com bination  
of factors including market size, asset utilisation and asset age. Assumptions are based on a combination of internal and 
external studies, management judgements and historical information, adjusted for any foreseen changes in market conditions.  
Replacement capital expenditure represents the amounts estimated  to maintain the function of the assets in the CGU.  
Pre- tax discount rate – t he pre - tax discount rate was estimated based on the weighted average cost of capital of the Group, 
amended to reflect a normalised capital structure for the energy sector. Risk premiums were not reflected in  the discount 
rate applied to individual CGUs as the  CGU cash flow projections were risk adjusted.  
Growth rate estimates – t he growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flow projections beyond the five - year period is  broadly 
consistent with market expectations for long - term growth in the industry and assumes no significant change in the Group ’s 
market share and the range of services and products provided.  
Sensitivity to changes in key assumptions  
In determining the value - in - use recoverable amount for each CGU, sensitivities have been applied to key assumptions. The 
industry in which the Group operates is cyclical and highly dependent on energy prices ; this could lead to changes in future 
cash flows which are greater than the sensitivity ranges applied.  
In the performance of sensitivity analysis the impacts of the following changes to key assumptions were assessed:  
• f orecast Adjusted EBITDA – a 10% increase and decrease in the assumptions during the five - year period from 202 6 to 
20 30 , and the Adjusted EBITDA upon which terminal values have been calculated;  
• replacement capital expenditure forecast – a 25% increase and decrease in the forecast replacement capital expenditure 
assumptions during the five - year period from 202 6 to 20 30 , and the capital expenditure upon which terminal values have 
been calculated ; 
• pre - tax discount rate – an increase and decrease by 2 percentage points;  and  
• growth rate – an increase and decrease by 2 percentage points . 
The impact on goodwill as a result of c hanges to the key assumptions used in the sensitivity analysis is as follows:  
 Adjusted EBITDA  Discount rate  Capital expenditure  Long - term growth rate  
(in $ millions)  10% decrease  10% increase  2% decrease  2% increase  25% decrease  25% increase  2% decrease  2% increase  
Renewables  (89.8)  – – (89. 8 )  – (89.8)  (89.8)  – 
CGUs not impaired and not sensitive to impairment 
Changes to the key assumptions used in the sensitivity analysis would not, in isolation, cause the recoverable amount of the 
4Subsea, Gulf of Mexico, Norway  and  UK GIRM CGUs to be materially less than their carrying amount .  
The  Floating Wind,  GPC East, Brazil  and  GPC West and Xodus CGUs have no goodwill  at 31 December 2025 , therefore any future 
changes in the key assumptions, in isolation, would not result in an impairment charge being recognised against goodwill.  
  
 
177  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
13 . Intangible assets  
(in $ millions)   Software   
Other  
intangibles  Total  
Cost      
At 1 January 2024   68 . 4  96 . 7  165 . 1  
Additions   36.6  13.5  50.1  
Disposals   (0.3)  (1.5)  (1.8)  
Reclassifications (a)   (3.5)  –  (3.5)  
Exchange differences   (1.6)  (1.9)  (3.5)  
At 31 December 2024   99.6 106.8  206.4  
Additions   21.3  9.5  30.8  
Reclassifications (a)   – 4.1  4.1  
Exchange differences   7. 4 9.2  16.6  
At 31 December 2025   128. 3 129.6  257.9  
     
Accumulated amortisation and impairment      
At 1 January 2024   30.2  76.4  106.6  
Charge for the year   4.2  10.1  14.3  
Eliminated on disposal   (0.3)  (1.5)  (1.8)  
Impairments   0.3  1.3  1.6  
Exchange differences   (0.6)  (1.3)  (1.9)  
At  31 December 2024   33.8 85.0  118.8  
Charge for the year   5.5  9.7  15.2  
Impairments   2.1  – 2.1  
Exchange differences   2.8  7.3 10.1  
At 31 December 2025   44.2  102.0 146.2  
     
Carrying amount:      
At 31 December 202 4  65.8  21.8  87.6  
At  31 December 202 5   84.1 27.6 111.7  
(a)  Amounts reclassified from /(to)  property, plant and equipment.  
The table above includes assets under construction of $ 4.9 million (20 24 : $53 .8 million) . Other intangible  assets  includes  
capitalised expenditure  related to the Group ’s digitalisation programme . 
An impairment review  was performed on the balances at 31 December 2025 and impairment charges of $ 2.1 million  
(20 24: $1.6 million ) were recognised .  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 177
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 180]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
178  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
14. Property, plant and equipment 
(in $ millions)  Vessels  
Operating  
equipment  
Land and  
 buildings  
Other  
assets  Total  
Cost       
At 1 January 2024  6,192.6  1,063.8  496.4  67.1  7,819.9  
Additions  250.7  34.5  5.3  7.1  297.6  
Exchange differences  (7.5)  (12.1)  (20.9)  (2.7)  (43.2)  
Transfers  –  ( 1.1)  0.6  0.5  –  
Reclassifications (a)  (0.2)  (5.4)  (0.8)  9.9  3.5  
Disposals  (123.5)  (131.7)  (6.9)  (3.9)  (266.0)  
At 31 December 2024  6,312.1  948.0  473.7  78.0  7,811.8  
Additions  81.0  157.9  10.7  15.3  264.9  
Acquisitions  –  –  – 0.1  0.1  
Exchange differences  40.0  36.9  22.9  7.8  107.6  
Transfer to disposal group  classified as held for sale  
( N ote 20 ) (131.0)  –  – – (131.0)  
Reclassifications (a)  –  –  – (4.1)  (4.1)  
Disposals  (56.8)  (31.2)  (5.9)  (7.7)  (101.6)  
At 31 December 2025  6,245.3  1,111.6  501.4  89.4  7,947.7  
      
Accumulated depreciation and impairment       
At 1 January 2024  2,512.9  872.1  310.5  54.4  3,749.9  
Charge for the year  312.9  38.7  14.7  8.6  374.9  
Impairments  10.8  3.4  – – 14.2  
Exchange differences  (5.5)  (7.2)  (10.6)  (1.9)  (25.2)  
Eliminated on disposal  (120.8)  (131.3)  (6.9)  (3.8)  (262.8)  
At 31 December 2024  2,710.3  775.7  307.7  57.3  3,851.0  
Charge for the year  320.7  49.0  15.6  6.4  391.7  
Impairments  3.0  7.1  – – 10.1  
Transfer to disposal group classified as held for sale 
( N ote 20 )  (37. 2 )                         –  – – (37. 2 )  
Exchange differences  26. 6  28.6  11. 7 4.6  71.5 
Eliminated on disposal  (56.8)  (3 1.2 )  (5.4)  (6.2)  ( 99.6 )  
At 31 December 2025  2,966.6 829.2  329.6  62.1 4,187.5 
      
Carrying amount:       
At 31 December 202 4  3,601.8  172.3  166.0  20.7  3,960.8  
At 31 December 202 5 3,278.7 282.4  171.8  27.3  3,760.2 
(a)  Amounts reclassified ( to )/from  intangible assets.  
The table above includes assets under construction of $105 .1 million at 31 December 202 5 (2024 : $ 123 .3 million).  
An impairment review  was performed  on the balances of property, plant and equipment  at 31 December 20 25 and 
impairments totalling  $10.1 million (20 24 : $ 14.2 million) were recognised where the future recoverable amounts were 
reassessed and reduced . The  impairment charges relate primarily to  vessel-related equipment . The impairments were 
recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement within operating expenses.  Recoverable amount is defined as the higher 
of value - in - use and fair value less costs of disposal and was determined by management based on an assessment of internal 
estimates and indepen dent external  valuations.   
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025178
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 181]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
178  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
14. Property, plant and equipment 
(in $ millions)  Vessels  
Operating  
equipment  
Land and  
 buildings  
Other  
assets  Total  
Cost       
At 1 January 2024  6,192.6  1,063.8  496.4  67.1  7,819.9  
Additions  250.7  34.5  5.3  7.1  297.6  
Exchange differences  (7.5)  (12.1)  (20.9)  (2.7)  (43.2)  
Transfers  –  ( 1.1)  0.6  0.5  –  
Reclassifications (a)  (0.2)  (5.4)  (0.8)  9.9  3.5  
Disposals  (123.5)  (131.7)  (6.9)  (3.9)  (266.0)  
At 31 December 2024  6,312.1  948.0  473.7  78.0  7,811.8  
Additions  81.0  157.9  10.7  15.3  264.9  
Acquisitions  –  –  – 0.1  0.1  
Exchange differences  40.0  36.9  22.9  7.8  107.6  
Transfer to disposal group  classified as held for sale  
( N ote 20 ) (131.0)  –  – – (131.0)  
Reclassifications (a)  –  –  – (4.1)  (4.1)  
Disposals  (56.8)  (31.2)  (5.9)  (7.7)  (101.6)  
At 31 December 2025  6,245.3  1,111.6  501.4  89.4  7,947.7  
      
Accumulated depreciation and impairment       
At 1 January 2024  2,512.9  872.1  310.5  54.4  3,749.9  
Charge for the year  312.9  38.7  14.7  8.6  374.9  
Impairments  10.8  3.4  – – 14.2  
Exchange differences  (5.5)  (7.2)  (10.6)  (1.9)  (25.2)  
Eliminated on disposal  (120.8)  (131.3)  (6.9)  (3.8)  (262.8)  
At 31 December 2024  2,710.3  775.7  307.7  57.3  3,851.0  
Charge for the year  320.7  49.0  15.6  6.4  391.7  
Impairments  3.0  7.1  – – 10.1  
Transfer to disposal group classified as held for sale 
( N ote 20 )  (37. 2 )                         –  – – (37. 2 )  
Exchange differences  26. 6  28.6  11. 7 4.6  71.5 
Eliminated on disposal  (56.8)  (3 1.2 )  (5.4)  (6.2)  ( 99.6 )  
At 31 December 2025  2,966.6  829.2  329.6  62.1  4,187.5  
      
Carrying amount:       
At 31 December 202 4  3,601.8  172.3  166.0  20.7  3,960.8  
At 31 December 202 5 3,278.7 282.4  171.8  27.3  3,760.2 
(a)  Amounts reclassified ( to )/from  intangible assets.  
The table above includes assets under construction of $105 .1 million at 31 December 202 5 (2024 : $ 123 .3 million).  
An impairment review  was performed  on the balances of property, plant and equipment  at 31 December 20 25 and 
impairments totalling  $10.1 million (20 24 : $ 14.2 million) were recognised where the future recoverable amounts were 
reassessed and reduced . The  impairment charges relate primarily to  vessel-related equipment . The impairments were 
recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement within operating expenses.  Recoverable amount is defined as the higher 
of value - in - use and fair value less costs of disposal and was determined by management based on an assessment of internal 
estimates and indepen dent external  valuations.   
  
 
179  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
15 . Right - of - use assets  
(in $ millions)  Vessels  
Operating  
equipment  
Land and  
 buildings  
Other  
assets  Total  
Cost       
At 1 January 2024  598.1  14.8  149.1  2.2  764.2  
Additions  80.4  1.8  9.7  0.6  92.5  
Exchange differences  (8.2)  (1.5)  (8.1)  –   (17.8)  
Remeasurements  59.6  11.6  40.7  0.1  112.0  
Disposals  (0.6)  (0.6)  (3.1)  (1.0)  (5.3)  
At 31 December 2024  729.3  26.1  188.3 1.9  945.6  
Additions  91.2  0.7  30.3  0.4  122.6  
Acquisitions  – – 1.3  – 1.3  
Exchange differences  15. 2 3.6  (20. 7)  0.2  (1. 7 )  
Remeasurements  34.6  0.6  9.7  – 44.9  
Transfer to disposal group classified as held for sale 
(Note 20)  (39.4)  – – – (39.4)  
Disposals  ( 159 .2)  (0.2)  (7.4)  (0.8)  ( 167 .6 )  
At 31 December 2025  6 71 .7 30.8 201.5  1.7  905 .7 
      Accumulated amortisation and impairment       
At 1 January 2024  258.9  12.4  72.0  1.5  344.8  
Charge for the year  184.5  4.7  26.7  0.7  216.6  
Exchange differences  (5.9)  (0.7)  (4.2)  (0.1)  (10.9)  
Eliminated on disposal  (0.6)  (0.6)  (3.0)  (1.0)  (5.2)  
At  31 December 2024  436.9  15.8  91.5  1.1  545.3  
Charge for the year  225. 4 5.1  29.1  0.3  259.9  
Impairments  – – 1.4  – 1.4  
Exchange differences  11. 9 2.1  (29.8)  0.3  (15. 5 )  
Transfer to disposal group classified as held for sale 
(Note 20)  (27.3)  – – – (27.3)  
Eliminated on disposal  ( 159 .2)  (0.2)  (7.4)  (0.8)  ( 167 .6 )  
At 31 December 2025  4 87 .7 22.8  84.8 0.9  5 96.2 
      Carrying amount:       
At 31 December 202 4 292.4  10.3  96.8  0.8  400.3  
At 31 December 202 5  184.0 8.0 116.7  0.8 309.5  
The Group leases vessels, operating equipment and properties with contracts which are typically for fixed periods but may 
have extension options used to maximise operational flexibility. The majority of extension and termination options held are 
exercisabl e only by the Group and not  the respective lessors. Lease liabilities are disclosed within Note 2 8 ‘ Lease liabilities ’. 
Commitments to leases which have not yet commenced are disclosed within Note 3 2 ‘ Commitments and contingent liabilities’ .  
An impairment review  was performed on the balances at 31 December 20 25 with impairment charges  of $1.4 million  
recognised  (20 24 : $nil).  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 179
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 182]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
180  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
16. Interests in associates and joint arrangements 
Interests in associates and joint ventures 
At 31 December 2025 the Group had interests in nine  joint ventures  and one associate. The Group ’s ownership interests 
were as follows:  
 Year end  
Country of 
registration  
 
Operating segment  Classification  
Subsea7 
ownership %  
Belmet 7 Limited  31 December  Ghana  Subsea  and Conventional  Joint Venture  49  
Eidesvik Seven AS  31 December  Norway  Subsea and Conventional  Joint Venture  50  
Eidesvik Seven Chartering AS  31 December  Norway  Subsea and Conventional  Joint Venture  50  
GO FZE  31 December  Nigeria  Subsea  and Conventional  Joint Venture  40  
Global Oceon Engineers Nigeria 
Limited  
31 December  Nigeria  Subsea  and Conventional  Joint Venture  40  
OneSubsea (a)  31 December  V arious  Subsea and Conventional  Associate  10  
SapuraAcergy Assets Pte Ltd (b)  31 January  Malaysia Subsea  and Conventional  Joint Venture  51  
SapuraAcergy Sdn Bhd (b)  31 January  Malaysia Subsea  and Conventional  Joint Venture  50  
Subsea Integration Alliance LLC  31 December  US  Subsea  and Conventional  Joint Venture  50  
Subsea 7 Malaysia Sdn Bhd  31 December  Malaysia  Subsea  and Conventional  Joint Venture  30  
(a)  The OneSubsea associate comprises three entities : OneSubsea Processing AS, OneSubsea Investment s UK Limited and OneSubsea LLC.   
(b)  The Group has 50% equity ownership in  SapuraAcergy Sdn Bhd and 51% equity ownership in SapuraAcergy Assets Pte Ltd, however, 1% is 
subject to a put and call option for the benefit of its joint venture partner.  
For all entities the principal place of business is consistent with the country of registration. For the majority of the entities the 
proportion of voting rights is consistent with the proportion of ownership interest, however in some cases some specific 
matters require unanimous approval of all shareholders.   
All interests in joint ventures and associates are accounted for using the equity method. Financial information , using 
consistent accounting policies,  for the  year ended 31 December 20 25 is used for all entities. The movement in the balance 
of  investments in joint ventures and associates was as follows:  
(in $ millions)  2025  2024  
At year beginning  367.2 342.0  
Share of net income (a)  38.0 38.0  
Impairments  (1.7) – 
Share of other comprehensive income /(loss)  6.0 (8.4)  
Dividends received from associate  (41.2) (3.4)  
Net reclassification of investment balances  0.4 0.3  
Exchange differences  1.5 (1.3)  
At year end  370.2 367.2  
(a)  Share of net income excludes an  impairment charge of $1.7 million (2024: $nil)  
Net reclassification of investment balances  
This amount relates primarily to  reclassification within the Group ’s Consolidated B alance S heet of the movement of negative 
investment balances  to other non - current liabilities.  
 
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025180
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 183]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
180  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
16. Interests in associates and joint arrangements 
Interests in associates and joint ventures 
At 31 December 2025 the Group had interests in nine  joint ventures  and one associate. The Group ’s ownership interests 
were as follows:  
 Year end  
Country of 
registration  
 
Operating segment  Classification  
Subsea7 
ownership %  
Belmet 7 Limited  31 December  Ghana  Subsea  and Conventional  Joint Venture  49  
Eidesvik Seven AS  31 December  Norway  Subsea and Conventional  Joint Venture  50  
Eidesvik Seven Chartering AS  31 December  Norway  Subsea and Conventional  Joint Venture  50  
GO FZE  31 December  Nigeria  Subsea  and Conventional  Joint Venture  40  
Global Oceon Engineers Nigeria 
Limited  
31 December  Nigeria  Subsea  and Conventional  Joint Venture  40  
OneSubsea (a)  31 December  V arious  Subsea and Conventional  Associate  10  
SapuraAcergy Assets Pte Ltd (b)  31 January  Malaysia  Subsea  and Conventional  Joint Venture  5 1  
SapuraAcergy Sdn Bhd (b)  31 January  Malaysia  Subsea  and Conventional  Joint Venture  50  
Subsea Integration Alliance LLC  31 December  US  Subsea  and Conventional  Joint Venture  50  
Subsea 7 Malaysia Sdn Bhd  31 December  Malaysia  Subsea  and Conventional  Joint Venture  30  
(a)  The OneSubsea associate comprises three entities : OneSubsea Processing AS, OneSubsea Investment s UK Limited and OneSubsea LLC.   
(b)  The Group has 50% equity ownership in  SapuraAcergy Sdn Bhd and 51% equity ownership in SapuraAcergy Assets Pte Ltd, however, 1% is 
subject to a put and call option for the benefit of its joint venture partner.  
For all entities the principal place of business is consistent with the country of registration. For the majority of the entities the 
proportion of voting rights is consistent with the proportion of ownership interest, however in some cases some specific 
matters require unanimous approval of all shareholders.   
All interests in joint ventures and associates are accounted for using the equity method. Financial information , using 
consistent accounting policies,  for the  year ended 31 December 20 25 is used for all entities. The movement in the balance 
of  investments in joint ventures and associates was as follows:  
(in $ millions)  2025  2024  
At year beginning  367.2 342.0  
Share of net income (a)  38.0 38.0  
Impairments  (1.7) – 
Share of other comprehensive income /(loss)  6.0 (8.4)  
Dividends received from associate  (41.2) (3.4)  
Net reclassification of investment balances  0.4 0.3  
Exchange differences  1.5 (1.3)  
At year end  370.2 367.2  
(a)  Share of net income excludes an  impairment charge of $1.7 million (2024: $nil)  
Net reclassification of investment balances  
This amount relates primarily to  reclassification within the Group ’s Consolidated B alance S heet of the movement of negative 
investment balances  to other non - current liabilities.  
 
  
 
181  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
Summarised financial information  
At 31 December 2025, none of the Group ’s investments in joint ventures were individually material to the Group therefore 
summarised financial information has not been provided.   
The financial results of  the  Group’s investment in its associate OneSubsea  are significant to the Group . S ummary financial 
information, including a reconciliation between the summarised financial information presented and the carrying amount of 
the Group’s investment, is shown  below. Amounts presented represent an IFRS conversion of OneSubsea’s US Generally 
Accepted Accounting Principles (US GAAP) Consolidated Income Statement and Consolidated Balance Sheet. The amounts 
presented are inclusive of adjustments recognised by management  when applying the equity method in addition to fair value 
adjustments applied on initial acquisition .  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Revenue  3,826.0  3,897.0  
Net income  325.1  358.3  
Other comprehensive income /(loss) 60.0  (84.0)  
Total comprehensive income  385.1  274.3  
 
 2025  2024  
At (in $ millions)  31 Dec  31 Dec  
Non - current assets  3,322.2  3,353.8 
Current assets  3,079.0  2,925.0  
Current liabilities  (2,556.0)  (2,377.0)  
Non - current liabilities  (462.3)  (491.0)  
Net assets  3,382.9  3,410.8  
Total equity  (3,382.9)  (3,410.8)  
Subsea7 Group’s share of equity (10%)  338.3  341.0  
 
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
The Group’s share of equity at year beginning  341.0  317.0  
Net income attributable to the Group  32.5  35.8  
Dividends received from associate  (41.2)  ( 3.4)  
Other comprehensive income /(loss) attributable to the Group  6.0  ( 8.4)  
Subsea7 Group’s share of equity at year end  338.3  341.0  
Carrying amount of investment in associate at year end (a)  339.6  342.3 
(a)  The carrying amount of the Group’s investment in its associate OneSubsea  on the Consolidated Balance Sheet is inclusive of $1.3 million 
representing stamp duty and professional fees arising on acquisition.  
Interests in joint arrangements 
The Group executes contracts on a regular basis through unstructured joint operations governed by alliance or consortium 
agreements. These agreements provide for joint and several liability for the parties involved. The material joint operations of 
the Group are detailed  below.  
The Group participates in Subsea Integration Alliance (SIA), through  unincorporated strategic global operations between 
Subsea7 and OneSubsea . As part of the  alliance, Subsea7 and  OneSubsea agree terms and conditions on a project- by -
project basis ; this governs the relationship between the entities executing contracts with clients. SIA operates globally and 
provides clients with subsea technologies, production and processing systems, bringing together field  development planning, 
project delivery and total lifecycle solutions under an extensive technology and services portfolio. Contracts with clients are 
entered into by individual entities of the Subsea7 and OneSubsea  G roups .  
Saudi Arabian Oil Company awarded a long - term frame agreement to a consortium consisting of Subsea7 and L&T 
Hydrocarbon Engineering. This unincorporated consortium is  governed by a consortium agreement, and Subsea7 and L&T 
Hydrocarbon Engineering are joint ly  and severally  liable to Saudi Arabian Oil Company for the various call - off work orders 
awarded to the consortium via the long - term frame agreement. The consortium ’s activities include project management, 
engineering, procurement, fabrication, transportation and installation of offshore facilities and infrastructure. The principal 
place of business of  the unincorporated consortium is the Kingdom of Saudi  Arabia.  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 181
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 184]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
182  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
17. Advances and receivables  
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Non - current amounts due from associates and joint ventures   2 3 .0  32.8  
Allowance for credit impairment   (1.6)  (1.6)  
  21.4  31.2  
Capitalised fees for long - term loan facilities   1.3  1.7  
Deposits held by third parties   1.0  0.9  
Other receivables   34 .1  15.3  
Total   57.8  49.1  
18 . Inventories  
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Materials and non - critical spares  18.3  18.1  
Consumables  33.5  39.3  
Total  51.8  57.4  
   
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Total cost of inventory charged to the Consolidated Income Statement  150.6  160.6  
Write - down of inventories charged to the Consolidated Income Statement  3.8 1.3  
Reversal of provision for obsolescence credited to the Consolidated Income Statement  (0.5)   (0.2)  
At 31 December 2025, inventories are shown net of  a provision for obsolescence of $ 7.8  million (20 24 : $ 4.2 million). 
At  31  December 2025 , t here were no inventories pledged as security.  
19. Trade and other receivables 
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Trade receivables  681. 7 522.6  
Allowance for expected credit losses  (1.0)  (2.1)  
Allowance for credit impairment  ( 22.9)  (21.6)  
  657. 8  498.9  
Current amounts due from associates and joint ventures   12.8  8.0  
Other receivables   26.6  34.0  
Advances to suppliers   24. 1  17.1  
Other taxes receivable   115.0  105.8  
Total   8 36 .3  663.8  
Details of how the Group manages its credit risk and further analysis of the trade receivables balance, allowances for expected  
credit losses and allowances for credit impairment are shown in Note 3 3 ‘ Financial instruments ’.   
Other receivables include insurance receivables, customer retentions and deposits.  
Other taxes receivable include value added tax, sales tax, withholding tax, social security tax and other indirect taxes.  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025182
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 185]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
182  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
17. Advances and receivables  
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Non - current amounts due from associates and joint ventures   2 3 .0  32.8  
Allowance for credit impairment   (1.6)  (1.6)  
  21.4  31.2  
Capitalised fees for long - term loan facilities   1.3  1.7  
Deposits held by third parties   1.0  0.9  
Other receivables   34 .1  15.3  
Total   57.8  49.1  
18 . Inventories  
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Materials and non - critical spares  18.3  18.1  
Consumables  33.5  39.3  
Total  51.8  57.4  
   
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Total cost of inventory charged to the Consolidated Income Statement  150.6  160.6  
Write - down of inventories charged to the Consolidated Income Statement  3.8 1.3  
Reversal of provision for obsolescence credited to the Consolidated Income Statement  (0.5)   (0.2)  
At 31 December 2025, inventories are shown net of  a provision for obsolescence of $ 7.8  million (20 24 : $ 4.2 million). 
At  31  December 2025 , t here were no inventories pledged as security.  
19. Trade and other receivables 
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Trade receivables  681. 7 522.6  
Allowance for expected credit losses  (1.0)  (2.1)  
Allowance for credit impairment  ( 22.9)  (21.6)  
  657. 8  498.9  
Current amounts due from associates and joint ventures   1 2 . 8   8.0  
Other receivables   2 6 . 6   34.0  
Advances to suppliers   24. 1   17.1  
Other taxes receivable   115.0  105.8  
Total   8 36 .3  663.8  
Details of how the Group manages its credit risk and further analysis of the trade receivables balance, allowances for expected  
credit losses and allowances for credit impairment are shown in Note 3 3 ‘ Financial instruments ’.   
Other receivables include insurance receivables, customer retentions and deposits.  
Other taxes receivable include value added tax, sales tax, withholding tax, social security tax and other indirect taxes.  
  
 
183  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
20. Disposal group classified as held for sale  
The Group recognised certain assets and liabilities as a disposal group classified as held for sale as follows:  
At  (in $ millions)   
2025 
31 Dec  
Assets    
Goodwill   15.4  
Property, plant and equipment   93.8 
Right - of - use assets   12.1 
Inventories   6.4 
Trade, other receivables, and construction contract – assets   37.5 
Assets included in disposal group classified as held for sale   165.2  
Liabilities    
Non - current lease liabilities   5.4  
Current lease liabilities   10.0 
Trade, other liabilities, and construction contract – liabilities   35.0  
Liabilities included in disposal group classified as held for sale   50.4  
In connection with a planned business divestment, management expect to dispose of the assets and liabilities recognised in th e 
disposal group classified as held for sale within one year from initial classification. The results of the disposal group classified as 
held for sale for the year ended 31 December 2025 are included within the Renewables business unit . The disposal group 
classified as held for sale does not constitute a major line of business or major geographical area of operation.     
21. Other accrued income and prepaid expenses 
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Unbilled revenue   118.3  89.1  
Allowance for expected credit losses  (0.2)  (0.6)  
  118.1  88.5  
Prepaid expenses   158.6  126.1  
Total   276.7  214.6  
Unbilled revenue relates to work completed on day - rate contracts, which had not been billed to clients at the balance sheet 
date. There were no contract liability balances which relate to this category of contract revenue. The re were no significant 
movements in this balance during the year. Revenue of $ 5. 9 million  (2024 : $1 6.1 million) was recognised in the year relating 
to  performance obligations satisfied in previous years.  
Prepaid expenses arise in the normal course of business and represent expenditure which has been deferred and which will 
be recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement within 12 months of the balance sheet date.   
The movement in the allowance for expected credit losses in respect of unbilled revenue during the year was as follows:  
At (in $ millions)     
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Allowance for expected credit losses       
At year beginning     (0.6)  (0.2)  
D ecrease/(increase)  in allowance     0.4  (0.4)  
At year end     (0.2)  (0.6)  
Details of how the Group manages its credit risk are shown in Note 3 3 ‘ Financial instruments ’. 
At 31 December 2025, the allowance for credit impairment in respect of unbilled revenue was $ nil  (20 24 : $ nil ). 
22 . Construction contracts  
At  (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Construction contracts –  assets  602.1  774.1  
Construction contracts –  liabilities  ( 701 . 5 )  (392.3)  
   
(in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Revenue recognised which was included in construction contract liabilities at beginning of year  3 48 .2 362.9  
Revenue recognised from performance obligations satisfied in previous years  103.7  113.6  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 183
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 186]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
184  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
22 . Construction contracts continued  
Revenue recognised which was included in construction contract liabilities at the beginning of the year of $ 3 48 .2 million 
(2024: $3 62.9 million) represents amounts included within the construction contract liabilities balance at 1 January 2025 
which were recognised as revenue during the year. Revenue recognised from performance obligations satisfied in previous 
years of $ 103.7 million (20 24 : $113.6  million) represents revenue recognised in the Consolidated I ncome S tatement for 
projects which were considered operationally complete at the prior  year end.  
Significant movements in the construction contract asset and construction contract liability balances  
The Group has construction contract asset and construction contract liability balances as a result of long - term projects in 
the S ubse a and  Conventional and Renewable s business unit s . Details of the Group ’s treatment of performance obligations 
are disclosed in Note 3 ‘Material  accounting policies ’. Due to the number and size of projects within the Group, construction 
contract asset and liability balances can vary significantly at each reporting date. Cumulative adjustments to revenue 
are most commonly caused  by a change to the estimate of  the transaction price due to a reassessment of the constraint 
to  variable consideration, awarded variation orders, scope changes or amendments to the cost profile. The de crease of 
$ 172.0  million  in  construction contract assets and the $ 309.2 million in crease in construction contract liabilities during 202 5 
was driven by the phasing of the execution of work and associated billing on fixed - price contracts executed by the Group.  
Construction contract assets 
An analysis of the ageing of construction contract assets at the balance sheet date has not been provided. Due to the nature 
of the balances and the fact that the Group invoices  on a milestone basis, the ageing of construction contract assets is not 
reflective of the credit risk associated with these balances.  At 31 December 2025, the allowance for expected credit losses 
and the allowance for credit impairment in respect of construction contract assets were  $nil  (2024 : $ nil ).  
Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations  
The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied) was as follow s:  
At 31 December 2025  
  Expected year of execution   
(in $ millions)   202 6  202 7  202 8  
202 9  
and beyond  Total  
Subsea and Conventional   5,687. 5  3,752. 2 1,908.1 338.7  11,686.5  
Renewables   1,169.7  501.7  221.3  161.1 2,053. 8 
Corporate   28.6  – – – 28.6  
Total   6,885. 8  4,253.9 2,129.4 499.8  13,768.9 
At 31 December 2024   Expected year of execution   
(in $ millions)   2025  2026  2027  
2028  
and beyond  Total  
Subsea and Conventional   4,770.9  2,587.8  1,214.1  443.8  9,016.6  
Renewables   1,017.1  767.4  315.1  35.0  2,134.6  
Corporate   23.5  – – – 23.5  
Total   5,811.5  3,355.2  1,529.2  478.8  11,174.7  
The estimate of the transaction price does not include any amounts of variable consideration which are constrained.  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025184
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 187]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
184  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
22 . Construction contracts continued  
Revenue recognised which was included in construction contract liabilities at the beginning of the year of $ 3 48 .2 million 
(2024: $3 62.9 million) represents amounts included within the construction contract liabilities balance at 1 January 2025 
which were recognised as revenue during the year. Revenue recognised from performance obligations satisfied in previous 
years of $ 103.7 million (20 24 : $113.6  million) represents revenue recognised in the Consolidated I ncome S tatement for 
projects which were considered operationally complete at the prior  year end.  
Significant movements in the construction contract asset and construction contract liability balances  
The Group has construction contract asset and construction contract liability balances as a result of long - term projects in 
the S ubse a and  Conventional and Renewable s business unit s . Details of the Group ’s treatment of performance obligations 
are disclosed in Note 3 ‘Material  accounting policies ’. Due to the number and size of projects within the Group, construction 
contract asset and liability balances can vary significantly at each reporting date. Cumulative adjustments to revenue 
are most commonly caused  by a change to the estimate of  the transaction price due to a reassessment of the constraint 
to  variable consideration, awarded variation orders, scope changes or amendments to the cost profile. The de crease of 
$ 172.0  million  in  construction contract assets and the $ 309.2 million in crease in construction contract liabilities during 202 5 
was driven by the phasing of the execution of work and associated billing on fixed - price contracts executed by the Group.  
Construction contract assets 
An analysis of the ageing of construction contract assets at the balance sheet date has not been provided. Due to the nature 
of the balances and the fact that the Group invoices  on a milestone basis, the ageing of construction contract assets is not 
reflective of the credit risk associated with these balances.  At 31 December 2025, the allowance for expected credit losses 
and the allowance for credit impairment in respect of construction contract assets were  $nil  (2024 : $ nil ).  
Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations  
The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied) was as follow s:  
At 31 December 2025  
  Expected year of execution   
(in $ millions)   202 6  202 7  202 8  
202 9  
and beyond  Total  
Subsea and Conventional   5,687. 5  3,752. 2 1,908.1 338.7  11,686.5  
Renewables   1,169.7  501.7  221.3  161.1 2,053. 8 
Corporate   28.6  – – – 28.6  
Total   6,885. 8  4,253.9 2,129.4 499.8  13,768.9 
At 31 December 2024   Expected year of execution   
(in $ millions)   2025  2026  2027  
2028  
and beyond  Total  
Subsea and Conventional   4,770.9  2,587.8  1,214.1  443.8  9,016.6  
Renewables   1,017.1  767.4  315.1  35.0  2,134.6  
Corporate   23.5  – – – 23.5  
Total   5,811.5  3,355.2  1,529.2  478.8  11,174.7  
The estimate of the transaction price does not include any amounts of variable consideration which are constrained.  
  
 
185  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
23 . Cash and cash equivalents  
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Cash and cash equivalents  9 69 . 7  575.3  
Cash and cash equivalents included amounts $40.4 million (20 24 : $ 18. 9 million) held by Group undertakings in certain 
countries whose exchange controls may significantly restrict or delay the remittance of these amounts to jurisdictions  
outside of that country .  
24 . Issued share capital  
Authorised shares 
 
2025  
31 Dec  
Number of shares  
2025  
31 Dec  
in $ millions  
2024  
31 Dec  
Number of shares  
2024  
31 Dec  
in $ millions  
Authorised common shares, $2.00 par value  450,000,000  900.0 450,000,000  900.0  
Issued shares  
 
2025  
31 Dec  
Number of shares  
2025  
31 Dec  
in $ millions  
2024  
31 Dec  
Number of shares  
2024  
31 Dec  
in $ millions  
Fully paid and issued common shares  299,600,000 599.2  299,600,000  599.2  
The issued common shares consist of:      
Common shares outstanding  296,136,177  592.3  295,613,936  591.2  
Treasury shares at par value (Note 2 5 )  3,463,823  6.9  3,986,064  8.0  
Total  299,600,000  599.2  299,600,000  599.2  
25. Treasury shares 
Share repurchase programme  
On 24 July 2019, the Board of Directors authorised a new share repurchase programme of up to $200 million. The programme 
was initially approved pursuant to the authorisation granted to the Board of Directors at the Extraordinary General Meeting 
held  on 17 April 2019, which  allow ed  for the purchase of up to 30,000,000 common shares of Subsea 7 S.A. On 19 April 
2023 , the Board of Directors authorised a  24 - month extension to this programme, in  accordance with the authority granted 
to the Board of  Directors at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 18 April  2023. The extended share repurchase 
programme expired on 18 April 2025.  
At the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 8 May 2025, shareholders of Subsea 7 S.A. granted the Board of Directors 
a new authority to approve the purchase of Subsea 7 S.A. shares up to a maximum of 30,000,000 common shares. This 
authority remains valid until 8 May 2027. At 31 December 2025, the Board of Directors have not authorised a new share 
repurchase programme under this authority.   
During 2025 , the Group did not repurchase any shares (202 4: 5,172,092 shares were repurchased for a total consideration 
of  $87.3 million ). At 31 December 2025 , the cumulative number of shares repurchased under the $200 million programme 
was 15,172,304 for a total consideration of  $164.2 million. 
All repurchases were made in the open market on Oslo Børs, pursuant to certain conditions, and were in conformity with 
Article 430 –15 of  Luxembourg Company Law. At 31 December 202 5 , the remaining repurchased shares, which had not 
been  cancelled or reallocated relating to share - based payments, were held as treasury shares.  
Summary  
At 31 December 2025, Subsea 7 S.A. held 3,463,823 treasury shares (2024: 3,986,064), which amounted to 1.16% 
(2024:  1.33%) of the total  number of issued shares.  
 
2025  
Number of  
 shares  
2025 
in $ millions  
2024  
Number of  
 shares  
2024  
in $ millions  
At year beginning  3,986,064  69.1  3,839,804  31.1  
Shares repurchased  –  –  5,172,092  87.3  
Shares reallocated relating to share - based payments  (522,241)  (8.9)  (331,560)  (2.6)  
Shares cancelled  –  –  (4,694,272)  (46.7)  
Balance at year end  3,463,823 60.2  3,986,064  69.1  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 185
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 188]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
186  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
26 . Non - controlling interests  
At 31 December 20 25, the Group ’s respective ownership interests in subsidiaries which are non - wholly - owned were as follows:  
 Year end  Country of registration  
Subsea7  
 ownership %  
Globestar Engineering Company (Nigeria) Limited  31 December  Nigeria  98.8  
Nautilus Floating Solutions S.L.  31 December  Spain 59.1  
Naviera Subsea 7 S. de R.L. de C.V.  31 December  Mexico 49.0  
PT Subsea 7 Indonesia  31 December  Indonesia  95.0 
Servicios Subsea 7 S. de R.L. de C.V.  31 December  Mexico 52.0  
Sonacergy – Serviços E Construç ões Petrol íferas Lda.  31 December  Portugal  60 .0  
Sonamet Industrial S.A.  31 December  Angola  60 .0  
Subsea 7 Equatorial Guinea S.A.  31 December  Equatorial Guinea  65.0  
Subsea 7 Volta Contractors Limited  31 December  Ghana  49.0  
For all entities, the principal place of business is consistent with the country of registration. Financial information for the year 
ended 31 December 20 25 has been  used for all entities.  
The movement in the equity attributable to non - controlling interests was as follows:  
(in $ millions)  2025  2024  
At year beginning  44.6  34.1  
Share of net (loss) /income  for the year  (7.2)  15.2  
Reclassification of non - controlling interests to equity attributable to shareholders of Subsea 7 S.A.  –  (4.1)  
Exchange differences  1.1  (0.6)  
At year end  38.5  44.6  
27. Borrowings 
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
South Korean Export Credit Agency (ECA) facility  86.0  110.6  
2021 UK Export Finance (UKEF 2021) facility  222.7  321.7  
2023 UK Export Finance (UKEF 2023) facility  274.7  289.4  
Other  0.3  0.3  
Total (a)  583.7  722.0  
Consisting of:    
Non - current portion of borrowings  402.4  583.8  
Current portion of borrowings  181.3  138.2  
Total (a)   583.7  722.0  
(a)  Borrowings presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet are shown net of capitalised fees of $ 5.4 million  (2024 : $ 6.4 million) , which are 
amortised over the period of the respective facility.  
Commitment fees expensed during the year in respect of unused lines of credit totalled $ 2.5 million (20 24 : $ 2.9 million).  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025186
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 189]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
186  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
26 . Non - controlling interests  
At 31 December 20 25, the Group ’s respective ownership interests in subsidiaries which are non - wholly - owned were as follows:  
 Year end  Country of registration  
Subsea7  
 ownership %  
Globestar Engineering Company (Nigeria) Limited  31 December  Nigeria  98.8  
Nautilus Floating Solutions S.L.  31 December  Spain 59.1  
Naviera Subsea 7 S. de R.L. de C.V.  31 December  Mexico 49.0  
PT Subsea 7 Indonesia  31 December  Indonesia  95.0 
Servicios Subsea 7 S. de R.L. de C.V.  31 December  Mexico 52.0  
Sonacergy – Serviços E Construç ões Petrol íferas Lda.  31 December  Portugal  60 .0  
Sonamet Industrial S.A.  31 December  Angola  60 .0  
Subsea 7 Equatorial Guinea S.A.  31 December  Equatorial Guinea  65.0  
Subsea 7 Volta Contractors Limited  31 December  Ghana  49.0  
For all entities, the principal place of business is consistent with the country of registration. Financial information for the year 
ended 31 December 20 25 has been  used for all entities.  
The movement in the equity attributable to non - controlling interests was as follows:  
(in $ millions)  2025  2024  
At year beginning  44.6  34.1  
Share of net (loss) /income  for the year  (7.2)  15.2  
Reclassification of non - controlling interests to equity attributable to shareholders of Subsea 7 S.A.  –  (4.1)  
Exchange differences  1.1  (0.6)  
At year end  38.5  44.6  
27. Borrowings 
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
South Korean Export Credit Agency (ECA) facility  86.0  110.6  
2021 UK Export Finance (UKEF 2021) facility  222.7  321.7  
2023 UK Export Finance (UKEF 2023) facility  274.7  289.4  
Other  0.3  0.3  
Total (a)  583.7  722.0  
Consisting of:    
Non - current portion of borrowings  402.4  583.8  
Current portion of borrowings  181.3  138.2  
Total (a)   583.7  722.0  
(a)  Borrowings presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet are shown net of capitalised fees of $ 5.4 million  (2024 : $ 6.4 million) , which are 
amortised over the period of the respective facility.  
Commitment fees expensed during the year in respect of unused lines of credit totalled $ 2.5 million (20 24 : $ 2.9 million).  
  
 
187  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
Facilities  
Multi - currency revolving credit and guarantee facility  
On 15 June 2022, the Group entered into  a $700 million multi - currency revolving credit and guarantee facility with a five - year 
tenor , with two one - year extension options . The  facility is available in a combination of guarantees, up to a limit of $200 million , 
and cash drawings, or in full for cash drawings. The  facility is guaranteed by Subsea 7 S.A. and Subsea 7 Finance (UK) PLC, 
a wholly - owned subsidiary of the Group. The facility size reduce d from $700 million to $600 million in September 2024 and 
will reduce further to $500 million in June 2 028  until maturity in June 202 9 . The  facility was unutilised at 31 December 202 5.  
The South Korean Export Credit Agency (ECA) facility 
In  July 2015 the Group entered into  a $357 million senior term loan facility secured on two vessels owned by the Group. 
The  facility  is  provided 90% by an Export Credit Agency (ECA) and 10% by two banks and is available for general corporate 
purposes. The ECA tranche has a 12 - year maturity and a 12 - year amortising profile. The commercial  tranche initially had  a 
five- year maturity and a 15 - year amortising profile, which commenced in April 2017. The commercial tranche was refinanced 
during November 2021, now maturing  in  January 2027, while retaining the original amortising profile. The facility is guaranteed by 
Subsea 7 S.A. At 31 December 20 25, the amount outstanding under the facility was $ 86.0  million (20 24: $110.6 million).   
2021 UK Export Finance (UKEF  2021 ) facility  
On 24 February 2021, the Group entered into a $500 million five - year amortising committed loan facility backed by a $400 
million  guarantee from UK Export Finance. The facility has a  five - year tenor which commenced when the facility was fully 
drawn. The facility can  be used for general corporate purposes, including to provide working capital financing for services 
provided from the UK. The facility is  guaranteed by  Subsea 7 S.A. At 31 December 2025 , the amount outstanding under the 
facility , net of  facility fees,  was $ 222 .7 million (202 4: $ 321 .7 million) . 
2023 UK Export Finance (UKEF 2023) facility 
On 27 July 2023, the Group entered into a $450 million five - year amortising loan facility backed by a $360 million guarantee 
from UK Export Finance. The facility has a five - year tenor which commenced in July 2025. The facility is guaranteed by 
Subsea 7 S.A. and Subsea 7 Finance (UK) PLC, a wholly- owned subsidiary of the Group. At 31 December 202 5 , the amount 
outstanding under the facility, net of facility fees, was  
$ 274 . 7 million (2024 : $ 28 9.4 million). 
Utilisation of facilities  
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
Utilised  
2025  
31 Dec  
Unutilised  
2025  
31 Dec  
Total  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Utilised  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Unutilised  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Total  
Committed borrowing facilities  588.8 600.0 1, 1 88.8  728.0  757.6  1,485.6  
Other facilities  
In addition to the above there are a number of uncommitted, unsecured bilateral arrangements in place in order to  provide 
specific geographical coverage. The utilisation of these facilities at 31 December 20 25 was $2.9 b illion (20 24 : $ 2. 1 b illion).  
28. Lease liabilities 
At (in $ millions)    
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Maturity analysis –  contractual undiscounted cash flows      
Within one year    192 . 3  250.4  
Years two to five inclusive    1 55 . 2  219.7  
After five years    45.9  33.7  
Total undiscounted lease liabilities    393 .4 503.8  
Effect of discounting    (4 3.6 )  (48.9)  
Discounted lease liabilities    3 49 .8 454.9  
Consisting of:      
Non - current    1 84 .9 231.1  
Current    1 64 .9 223.8 
Total discounted lease liabilities    3 49 .8 454.9  
Amounts recognised within the Consolidated Income Statement in relation to short - term and low - value leases are disclosed 
within Note 6 ‘Net operating income ’. Payments related to lease liabilities disclosed within the Consolidated Cash Flow S tatement 
for the year ended  31  December 20 25 were $ 291 .9  million  (20 24 : $ 223 .2 million) .   
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 187
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 190]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
188 Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
29. Other non-current liabilities 
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Other  1. 0  1.0  
Total  1.0  1.0  
30 . Trade and other liabilities  
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Accruals   85 8.9  788.8 
Trade payables   3 37 .1  378.9  
Current amounts due to associates and joint ventures   51.4  12.4  
Accrued salaries and benefits   176.1  150.7  
Withholding taxes   23.4  32.8 
Other taxes payable   39 .9  58.0  
Other current liabilities   15.1  7.6  
Total   1,50 1.9  1,429.2  
31 . Provisions  
(in $ millions)  Claims  Decommissioning  
Onerous  
fixed - price contracts  Other  Total  
At 1 January 2024  18.4  6.6  83.9  16.2  125.1  
Additional provision in the year  11.3  13.4  246.2  14.2  285.1  
Utilisation of provision  (2.5)  (5.8)  (274.0)  (2.6)  (284.9)  
Unused amounts released during the year  (8.4)  –  (15.0)  (2.7)  (26.1)  
Exchange differences  ( 3.0)  ( 0.2)  ( 2.4)  ( 1.5)  ( 7.1)  
At 31 December 2024  15.8  14.0  38.7  23.6  92.1  
Additional provision in the year  4.8  3.7  13.3  10.4  32.2  
Utilisation of provision  (4.3)  (3.1)  (26. 7)  (9.4)  (43. 5 )  
Unused amounts released during the year  (2.5)  (4.5)  (0.7)  (4.5)  (12.2)  
Unwinding of discount rate  – 2.5  – – 2.5  
Exchange differences  1.5  0.6  3.8  0.9  6. 8  
At 31 December 2025  15.3  13.2  28.4  21.0  77.9  
 
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Consisting of:    
Non - current provisions  22.1  29.1  
Current provisions  55.8  63.0  
Total  77.9  92.1  
The claims provision comprises a number of  claims made against the Group including disputes, personal injury cases and  tax 
claims, where the timing of resolution is uncertain.  
The decommissioning provision is mainly in relation to the Group ’s obligation to restore leased vessels to their original, or 
agreed, condition. The c ash outflows related to the provision are expected to occur  in the years in which the leases cease, 
which range from 202 6 to 202 8 .  
The o nerous fixed - price  contract provision relates to projects where total forecast costs- at-completion exceed the expected 
transaction price.  The cash outflows related to the provision recognised at 31 December 202 5 are expected to occur during 
2026 and 202 7 .  
Other provisions mainly relate to onerous day - rate contracts.   
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025188
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 191]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
188 Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
29. Other non-current liabilities 
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Other  1. 0  1.0  
Total  1.0  1.0  
30 . Trade and other liabilities  
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Accruals   85 8 . 9   788.8  
Trade payables   3 37 . 1   378.9  
Current amounts due to associates and joint ventures   5 1 . 4   12.4  
Accrued salaries and benefits   176.1  150.7  
Withholding taxes   23.4  32.8  
Other taxes payable   39 . 9   58.0  
Other current liabilities   15.1  7.6  
Total   1,50 1.9  1,429.2  
31 . Provisions  
(in $ millions)  Claims  Decommissioning  
Onerous  
fixed - price contracts  Other  Total  
At 1 January 2024  18.4  6.6  83.9  16.2  125.1  
Additional provision in the year  11.3  13.4  246.2  14.2  285.1  
Utilisation of provision  (2.5)  (5.8)  (274.0)  (2.6)  (284.9)  
Unused amounts released during the year  (8.4)  –  (15.0)  (2.7)  (26.1)  
Exchange differences  ( 3.0)  ( 0.2)  ( 2.4)  ( 1.5)  ( 7.1)  
At 31 December 2024  15.8  14.0  38.7  23.6  92.1  
Additional provision in the year  4.8  3.7  13.3  10.4  32.2  
Utilisation of provision  (4.3)  (3.1)  (26. 7)  (9.4)  (43. 5 )  
Unused amounts released during the year  (2.5)  (4.5)  (0.7)  (4.5)  (12.2)  
Unwinding of discount rate  – 2.5  – – 2.5  
Exchange differences  1.5  0.6  3.8  0.9  6. 8  
At 31 December 2025  15.3  13.2  28.4  21.0  77.9  
 
At (in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Consisting of:    
Non - current provisions  22.1  29.1  
Current provisions  55.8  63.0  
Total  77.9  92.1  
The claims provision comprises a number of  claims made against the Group including disputes, personal injury cases and  tax 
claims, where the timing of resolution is uncertain.  
The decommissioning provision is mainly in relation to the Group ’s obligation to restore leased vessels to their original, or 
agreed, condition. The c ash outflows related to the provision are expected to occur  in the years in which the leases cease, 
which range from 202 6 to 202 8 .  
The o nerous fixed - price  contract provision relates to projects where total forecast costs- at-completion exceed the expected 
transaction price.  The cash outflows related to the provision recognised at 31 December 202 5 are expected to occur during 
2026 and 202 7 .  
Other provisions mainly relate to onerous day - rate contracts.   
  
 
189  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
32 . Commitments and contingent liabilities 
Commitments  
The G roup ’s commitments at 31 December 20 25 consisted of:  
• c ommitments related to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets of $ 65 .4 million (20 24 : $ 88.4  million) ;  
• contractual lease commitments, relating to  vessel charters and  office leases , exclusive of options, which had not 
commenced at 31 December 202 5 , were $ nil  (2024 : $ 104 .0 million ); and  
• short - term lease commitments totalling $ 66.3  million  (2024 : $ 2 09 .7 million) . 
Contingent liabilities 
A summary of the contingent liabilities is as follows:  
 
Contingent liability 
recognised  
Contingent liability  
not recognised  
(in $ millions)  2025  2024   2025  2024  
At year beginning  0.4 0.5   189.8 224.8 
Movement in contingent liabilities  (0.4) –   13.8 16.0  
Exchange differences  – (0.1)   25.5 (51.0)  
At year end  – 0.4   229.1 189.8  
Contingent liabilities not recognised in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
The Group is subject to tax audits and receives tax assessments in a number of jurisdictions where it has, or has had, 
operations.  The  estimation of the ultimate outcome of these audits and disputed tax assessments is complex and subjective. 
The likely outcome of the  audits and associated cash outflow, if any, may be impacted by technical uncertainty and the 
availability of supporting  documentation.  
The Group’s operations in Mexico are subject to tax audits across several years. At 31 December 202 5 , the amount assessed 
by the Mexican tax authorities in relation to 2014, including penalties and interest,  was MXN 3,639.3 million, equivalent to 
$ 202 .4 million (202 4 : MXN 3,639.3 million, equivalent to $ 179.2 million).  At 31 December 2025, and as a consequence of 
current year profitability,  a provision of MXN 283 .5 million, equivalent to $ 15.8 million was recognised within the Consolidated 
Balance Sheet (202 4: MXN 143.1  million, equivalent to $ 7.0 million). At 31 December 202 5 , a contingent liability of MXN 589.4 
million, equivalent to $ 32 .8 million  (2024: MXN 589.4 million, equivalent to $29.0 million) , has been disclosed related to the 
2014 assessment as the disclosure criteria have been met however, management and local advisors believe that the 
likelihood of payment is not probable.  
Between 2009 and 20 24 , the Group ’s Brazilian businesses were audited and formally assessed for Imposto sobre Circulaçao 
de Mercadorias e Serviços ( ICMS ) and federal taxes including import duty by the Brazilian state and federal tax authorities. 
The amount assessed, including penalties and interest, at 31 December 20 25 amounted to BRL 966.7 million, equivalent 
to  $174 .4 million (20 24 : BRL  897.0 million, equivalent to $ 142 .5 million). The Group has challenged these assessments. A 
contingent liability has been disclosed for the  total amounts assessed as the disclosure criteria have been met; however, 
management believe s that the likelihood of payment is  not probable . 
Between 20 18 and 202 5, the Group ’s Brazilian business received several  labour claims. The amounts claimed or assessed 
at 31  December 20 25 totalled BRL 155.3 million, equivalent to $ 28.0 million (20 24 : BRL 166.3 million, equivalent to $ 26.5 
million) . The  Group has challenged these claims. A contingent liability has been disclosed for BRL  121 .4 million, equivalent 
to  $ 21 .9 million (20 24 : BRL 1 15.0 million, equivalent to $ 18.3 million) as the disclosure criteria have been met ; however, 
management believe s that the likelihood of payment is not probable. A provision of BRL 33 .9 million, equivalent to $ 6.1 million 
(20 24 : BRL 51.3 million, equivalent  to $ 8 .2  million) was recognised within the Consolidated Balance Sheet at 31 December 
20 25 as the IAS 37 recognition criteria were met.   
In the ordinary course of business, various claims, legal actions and complaints have been filed against the Group in additio n 
to those specifically referred to above. The Group typically also provides contractual warranties for the repair of defects 
which  are identified during a contract and within a defined period thereafter.  Warranty periods vary dependent on contract 
type and operating segment; engineering, procurement, installation and commissioning (EPIC ) oil and gas contracts typically 
attract shorter periods than  EPIC renewables contracts. Liability exposure levels are monitored by management  and  risk 
trans f er mechanism s arranged where deemed appropriate. Although the final resolution of any of these matters could have a 
material effect on its operating results for a particular reporting period, management believes that it is not probable that 
these matters would materially impact the Group ’s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
Contingent liabilities recognised in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
As part of the accounting for the business combination of Pioneer Lining Technology Limited, the Group was required to 
recognise a contingent liability at the acquisition date, in respect of contingent amounts payable to a third party following  
the  acquisition of intangible assets in 2009. Management now considers  this previously recognised contingent liability to 
have expired. As a result, during the fourth quarter of 2025, the contingent liability of $0.4 million was derecognised in 
full and recognised wi thin the Group’s Consolidated Income Statement within other gains and losses.  
 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 189
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 192]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
190  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
33 . Financial instruments  
Details of the significant accounting policies adopted including the classification, basis of measurement and recognition of 
income and  expense in respect of each class of financial asset, financial liability and equity instrument are disclosed in Note 3 
‘Material  accounting  policies ’.  
Classification of financial instruments  
Financial instruments are classified as follows:  
At (in $ millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec  
Carrying  
amount  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Carrying  
amount  
Financial assets    
Restricted cash  6.0 9.5  
Cash and cash equivalents (Note 2 3) 9 69 .7 575.3  
Financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss:    
Foreign exchange forward contracts  3.5 0.4  
Embedded derivatives  75.0  136.6  
Financial assets elected to be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income:    
Other financial assets – financial investments  1.1 1.1  
Financial assets measured at amortised cost:    
Net trade receivables (Note 19)  657. 8 498.9  
Net non - current amounts due from associates and joint ventures (Note 17)  21. 4 31.2  
Net current amounts due from associates and joint ventures (Note 19)  12.8 8.0  
Other financial receivables  33.9  30.0  
   
Financial liabilities    
Financial liabilities mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss:    
Foreign exchange forward contracts  (3.0)   (6.1)  
Embedded derivatives  (44.1)  (36.5)  
Commodity derivatives  (1.3)   (0.4)  
Contingent consideration  – (0.5)  
Financial liabilities elected to be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income:    
Commodity derivatives  (3.3)  (3.0)  
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost:    
Trade payables (Note 30 ) (3 37 .1)   (378.9)  
Lease liabilities (Note 2 8) ( 349.8 )   (454.9)  
Current amounts due to associates and joint ventures (Note 30)  (51.4)   (12.4)  
Borrowings (Note 27)  ( 583.7 )  (722.0)  
Other financial payables  (0.6)  (1.6)  
Fair value 
The carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the Consolidated Balance 
Sheet approximate their fair values due to their short- term nature or contractual cash flow characteristics.  
Financial instruments – gains and losses recognised within profit or loss  
The Group ’s financial instruments resulted in the recognition of the following in the Consolidated Income Statement:  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Interest income from financial assets measured at amortised cost  22.8  24.4  
Interest cost and fees from financial liabilities measured at amortised cost  (50.2)  (7 0 .7)  
Net fair value (losses)/ gains on financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  (58.5)  77.7 
Net fair value (losses) /gains  on financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss  (4.9)  23.2 
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025190
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 193]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
190  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
33 . Financial instruments  
Details of the significant accounting policies adopted including the classification, basis of measurement and recognition of 
income and  expense in respect of each class of financial asset, financial liability and equity instrument are disclosed in Note 3 
‘Material  accounting  policies ’.  
Classification of financial instruments  
Financial instruments are classified as follows:  
At (in $ millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec  
Carrying  
amount  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Carrying  
amount  
Financial assets    
Restricted cash  6.0 9.5  
Cash and cash equivalents (Note 2 3) 9 69 .7 575.3  
Financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss:    
Foreign exchange forward contracts  3.5 0.4  
Embedded derivatives  75.0  136.6  
Financial assets elected to be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income:    
Other financial assets – financial investments  1.1 1.1  
Financial assets measured at amortised cost:    
Net trade receivables (Note 19)  657. 8 498.9  
Net non - current amounts due from associates and joint ventures (Note 17)  21. 4 31.2  
Net current amounts due from associates and joint ventures (Note 19)  12.8 8.0  
Other financial receivables  33.9  30.0  
   
Financial liabilities    
Financial liabilities mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss:    
Foreign exchange forward contracts  (3.0)   (6.1)  
Embedded derivatives  (44.1)  (36.5)  
Commodity derivatives  (1.3)   (0.4)  
Contingent consideration  – (0.5)  
Financial liabilities elected to be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income:    
Commodity derivatives  (3.3)  (3.0)  
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost:    
Trade payables (Note 30 ) (3 37 .1)   (378.9)  
Lease liabilities (Note 2 8) ( 349.8 )   (454.9)  
Current amounts due to associates and joint ventures (Note 30)  (51.4)   (12.4)  
Borrowings (Note 27)  ( 583.7 )  (722.0)  
Other financial payables  (0.6)  (1.6)  
Fair value 
The carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the Consolidated Balance 
Sheet approximate their fair values due to their short- term nature or contractual cash flow characteristics.  
Financial instruments – gains and losses recognised within profit or loss  
The Group ’s financial instruments resulted in the recognition of the following in the Consolidated Income Statement:  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Interest income from financial assets measured at amortised cost  22.8  24.4  
Interest cost and fees from financial liabilities measured at amortised cost  (50.2)  (7 0 .7)  
Net fair value (losses)/ gains on financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss  (58.5)  77.7 
Net fair value (losses) /gains  on financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss  (4.9)  23.2 
  
 
191  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
Fees incurred in connection with financial instruments  
Total fees incurred during the year in connection with financial instruments measured at amortised cost were $ 4.9 million 
(20 24 : $5. 6 million).  
Cash and cash equivalents 
At 31 December 2025, the Group held cash and cash equivalents of $ 969.7 million (20 24 : $ 575 .3 million) which included cash 
and cash equivalents available on demand of $ 102 .2 million (20 24 : $ 160 .0 million) and time deposits with financial institutions  
of $ 867.5 million  (20 24 : $ 41 5.3 million) .  
The table below shows the carrying amount related to  amounts on deposit. These are graded and monitored internally by the 
Group based on current external credit ratings issued, with ‘ prime ’ being the highest possible rating.  
At (in $ millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Deposits:    
Counterparties rated prime grade  272.0  75.0  
Counterparties rated high grade  95.0  130.0  
Counterparties rated upper - medium grade 422.8 209 .3 
Counterparties rated lower - medium grade  – 0.3 
Counterparties rated non - investment grade  77.7  0.7  
Total  867.5  415.3  
Financial instruments mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss  
The Group classifies its financial assets at fair value through profit or loss if classified as one of the following:  
• debt instruments that do not qualify for measurement at either amortised cost or at fair value through other 
comprehensive income;  
• equity investments that are held for trading;  
• equity investments for which the entity has not elected to recognise fair value gains and losses through other 
comprehensive income ; or  
• derivative financial instruments.  
Derivative financial instruments recognised in the Consolidated Balance Sheet were as follows:  
At (in $ millions)  
31 Dec  
202 5 
Assets  
31 Dec  
202 5 
Liabilities  
31 Dec  
202 5 
Total  
31 Dec  
202 4 
Assets  
31 Dec  
202 4 
Liabilities  
31 Dec  
202 4 
Total  
Non - current        
Embedded derivatives  22.9  (18.5)  4.4 62.9  (9.3)  53.6  
Commodity derivatives  – (3.1)  (3.1)  –  (1.4)  (1.4)  
Total  22.9  (21.6)  1.3  62.9  (10.7)  52.2  
       
Current        
Forward foreign exchange contracts  3.5 (3.0)  0.5  0.4  (6.1)  (5.7)  
Embedded derivatives  52. 1 (25. 6)  26. 5 73.7  (27.2)  46.5  
Commodity derivatives  – (1.5)  (1.5)  –  (2.0)  ( 2.0)  
Total  55. 6 (30.1)  25.5 74.1  (35.3)  38.8 
Contingent consideration 
Contingent consideration relates to amounts payable in connection with business combinations. The amounts payable 
are contingent on future events and are determined based on current expectations of the achievement of specific targets 
and milestones.  
Financial instruments elected to be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income comprise investments in equity securities not held for 
trading, and for which the Group has made an irrevocable election, at initial recognition, to recognise changes in fair value 
through other comprehensive income rather than profit or loss as these investments are strategic in nature.  
Management  concluded that due to the nature  of these  investment s , there are a wide range of possible fair value measurements 
and in  some cases there may be  insufficient recent information available to enable the Group to accurately measure fair 
value. Management review s investments at least annually to ensure the carrying amount can be supported by expected 
future cash flows and ha s concluded that cost is considered to represent the best estimate of fair value of each investment 
within a range of possible outcomes.   
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 191
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 194]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
192  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
33 . Financial instruments continued 
Financial instruments elected to be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income continued 
Upon disposal or derecognition of these equity investments, any associated balance accumulated within other 
comprehensive income will  be rec lassified  to retained earnings. Equity i nvestments totalling $5.4 million (2024: $nil) were 
derecognised during the year, and subsequently $5.3 million was reclassified from other reserves to retained earnings . 
During the year, no dividends were recognised within profit or loss in connection with the financial investments .  
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
The Group classifies its financial assets at amortised cost only if both of the following criteria are met: the asset is held within 
a business model with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows; and the contractual terms give rise on specifie d 
dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal outstanding.  
Financial risk management objectives  
The Group monitors and manages the financial risks relating to its financial operations through internal risk reports which 
analyse exposures by degree and magnitude of risks. These risks include market risk (consisting of currency risk and fair 
value interest rate risk), credit risk and  liquidity risk. The Group seeks to minimise the effects of these risks by using a variety 
of financial instruments to hedge these financial risk exposures. Derivative financial instruments are used exclusively for 
hedging p urposes and not as trading or speculative instruments.  
Market risk 
The Group ’s activities expose it primarily to the financial risks of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest 
rates. The Group enters into a variety of derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to foreign currency risks, 
including forwar d foreign exchange contracts to hedge the exchange rate risk arising on future revenue, operating 
expenditures and capital expenditures.  
During  the year ended 31 December 2025 , there was no significant change to the Group ’s exposure to market risks or the 
manner in which it managed and measured the risk.  
Foreign currency risk  
The Group conducts operations in many countries and, as a result, is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations related to 
revenue and expenditure in the normal course of business. The Group has in place risk management policies that seek to 
limit the adverse effects of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on its financial performance.  
The Group ’s reporting currency is the US d ollar. Revenue and expenses are principally denominated in the reporting currency 
of the Group. The Group also has significant operations denominated in Brazilian r eal, British p ound s terling , Euro and 
Norwegian k rone as well as other cash flows in Angolan k wanza, Australian d ollar, Azerbaijan  m anat, Canadian d ollar,  Central 
African CFA f ranc, Chinese y uan, Danish k rone, Egyptian p ound, Ghanaian c edi, Korean w on, Malaysian r inggit, Mexican 
p eso, Nigerian n aira, Qatar r ial, Saudi Arabian r iyal , Singaporean d ollar , Taiwan  d ollar, Turkish l ira, UAE d irham and West 
African CFA f ranc .  
Foreign currency sensitivity analysis 
The Group considers that its principal currency exposure is to movements in the US d ollar against other currencies. The US 
d ollar is the Group ’s reporting currency, the functional currency of many of its subsidiaries and the currency of a significant 
volume of the Group ’s cash  flows.  
At 31 December 2025, the Group performed a sensitivity analysis to indicate the extent to which net income and equity 
would  be  affected by changes in the exchange rate between the US d ollar and other currencies in which the Group 
transacts. The analysis is  based on a  strengthening of the US d ollar by 10% against each of the other currencies in which 
the  Group has significant assets and  liabilities at the end of each respective year. A movement of 10% reflects a reasonably 
possible sensitivity when compared to historical moveme nts over a five - year time - frame. The Group ’s analysis of the impact 
on net income in each year is based on monetary assets and liabilities on  the Consolidated Balance Sheet at the end of each 
respective year.  
The Group ’s analysis of the impact on equity includes the impacts on the translation reserve in respect of intra-g roup 
balances that form  part of the net investment in a foreign operation. The amounts disclosed have not been adjusted for the 
impact of taxation.  
A 10% strengthening in the US d ollar exchange rate against other currencies in which the Group transacts would increase 
net foreign currency exchange losses reported in other gains and losses by $ 25.5 million for the year ended 31 December 
20 25 (20 24: $ 65 .3 million). The impact would be a  decrease in reported equity of $ 25 .6 million (20 24 : $ 73 .6 million).   
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025192
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 195]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
192  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
33 . Financial instruments continued 
Financial instruments elected to be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income continued 
Upon disposal or derecognition of these equity investments, any associated balance accumulated within other 
comprehensive income will  be rec lassified  to retained earnings. Equity i nvestments totalling $5.4 million (2024: $nil) were 
derecognised during the year, and subsequently $5.3 million was reclassified from other reserves to retained earnings . 
During the year, no dividends were recognised within profit or loss in connection with the financial investments .  
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
The Group classifies its financial assets at amortised cost only if both of the following criteria are met: the asset is held within 
a business model with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows; and the contractual terms give rise on specifie d 
dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal outstanding.  
Financial risk management objectives  
The Group monitors and manages the financial risks relating to its financial operations through internal risk reports which 
analyse exposures by degree and magnitude of risks. These risks include market risk (consisting of currency risk and fair 
value interest rate risk), credit risk and  liquidity risk. The Group seeks to minimise the effects of these risks by using a variety 
of financial instruments to hedge these financial risk exposures. Derivative financial instruments are used exclusively for 
hedging p urposes and not as trading or speculative instruments.  
Market risk 
The Group ’s activities expose it primarily to the financial risks of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest 
rates. The Group enters into a variety of derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to foreign currency risks, 
including forwar d foreign exchange contracts to hedge the exchange rate risk arising on future revenue, operating 
expenditures and capital expenditures.  
During  the year ended 31 December 2025 , there was no significant change to the Group ’s exposure to market risks or the 
manner in which it managed and measured the risk.  
Foreign currency risk  
The Group conducts operations in many countries and, as a result, is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations related to 
revenue and expenditure in the normal course of business. The Group has in place risk management policies that seek to 
limit the adverse effects of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on its financial performance.  
The Group ’s reporting currency is the US d ollar. Revenue and expenses are principally denominated in the reporting currency 
of the Group. The Group also has significant operations denominated in Brazilian r eal, British p ound s terling , Euro and 
Norwegian k rone as well as other cash flows in Angolan k wanza, Australian d ollar, Azerbaijan  m anat, Canadian d ollar,  Central 
African CFA f ranc, Chinese y uan, Danish k rone, Egyptian p ound, Ghanaian c edi, Korean w on, Malaysian r inggit, Mexican 
p eso, Nigerian n aira, Qatar r ial, Saudi Arabian r iyal , Singaporean d ollar , Taiwan  d ollar, Turkish l ira, UAE d irham and West 
African CFA f ranc .  
Foreign currency sensitivity analysis 
The Group considers that its principal currency exposure is to movements in the US d ollar against other currencies. The US 
d ollar is the Group ’s reporting currency, the functional currency of many of its subsidiaries and the currency of a significant 
volume of the Group ’s cash  flows.  
At 31 December 2025, the Group performed a sensitivity analysis to indicate the extent to which net income and equity 
would  be  affected by changes in the exchange rate between the US d ollar and other currencies in which the Group 
transacts. The analysis is  based on a  strengthening of the US d ollar by 10% against each of the other currencies in which 
the  Group has significant assets and  liabilities at the end of each respective year. A movement of 10% reflects a reasonably 
possible sensitivity when compared to historical moveme nts over a five - year time - frame. The Group ’s analysis of the impact 
on net income in each year is based on monetary assets and liabilities on  the Consolidated Balance Sheet at the end of each 
respective year.  
The Group ’s analysis of the impact on equity includes the impacts on the translation reserve in respect of intra-g roup 
balances that form  part of the net investment in a foreign operation. The amounts disclosed have not been adjusted for the 
impact of taxation.  
A 10% strengthening in the US d ollar exchange rate against other currencies in which the Group transacts would increase 
net foreign currency exchange losses reported in other gains and losses by $ 25.5 million for the year ended 31 December 
20 25 (20 24: $ 65 .3 million). The impact would be a  decrease in reported equity of $ 25 .6 million (20 24 : $ 73 .6 million).   
 
193  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
Forward foreign exchange contracts  
The Group primarily enters into forward foreign exchange contracts with maturities of up to three years, to manage the risk 
associated with transactions with a foreign exchange exposure risk. These transactions consist of highly probable cash flow 
exposure s relating to revenue, operating expenditure and capital expenditure.  
The Group does not use derivative instruments to hedge the exposure to exchange rate fluctuations from its net investments 
i n foreign  subsidiaries.  
The following table details the external forward foreign exchange contracts outstanding:  
At 31 December 202 5 
 Contracted amount by contract maturity   Fair value by contract maturity  
 Buy  Sell   Maturity  
(in $ millions)  < 1 year  1 – 5 years  < 1 year  1 – 5 years    < 1 year  1 – 5 years  
British p ound s terling  445.6  – (136.0)  –   2.1 – 
Euro  261.1  – (127.0)  –   (1.1)  – 
Norwegian k rone  46.9 – (48.7)  –   (0.5)  – 
Singapore d ollar  13.6  – (10.5)  –   0.1 – 
Australian d ollar  57.9  – (16.0)  –   (0.1)  – 
Total  825.1 –  (338.2)  –   0.5  – 
At 31 December 202 4 
 Contracted amount by contract maturity   Fair value by contract maturity  
 Buy  Sell   Maturity  
(in $ millions)  < 1 year  1 - 5 years  < 1 year  1 - 5 years    < 1 year  1 - 5 years  
British p ound s terling  189.5  – (7.5)  –  (2.7)  – 
Danish k rone  1.3  – (1.2)  –  –  – 
Euro  204.2  – –  –  (2.3)  – 
Norwegian k rone  21.8  – (12.2)  –  0.1  – 
Singapore d ollar  29.4  – (3.7)  –  ( 0.2)  – 
Australian d ollar  36.8  – ( 4.7)  –  ( 0.6)  – 
Total  483.0  –  (29.3)  –  (5.7)  – 
Hedge accounting  
The  hedging reserve, included within other reserves in the Consolidated Balance Sheet, represents hedging gains /(losses)  
recognised on the effective portion of  commodity cash flow hedges. The movement in the hedging reserve was as follows:  
(in $ millions)     
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
At year beginning     (3.3)   ( 0.8)  
(Losses)/gains on the effective portion of derivative financial 
instruments deferred to equity:  
Change s  in c ash flow s  on commodity hedges     (2. 3 )  (0.8)  
Amounts reclassified to the Consolidated Income Statement     0.4   ( 2.0)  
Exchange differences     (0.1)  0.3  
At year end     (5. 3 )  (3.3)  
The Group  documents its assessment of whether the hedging instrument which is used in a hedging relationship is effective 
in offsetting changes in cash flows of the hedged item, on a prospective basis. The cumulative effective portion is deferred 
in  equity within other reserves as hedging reserves in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The resulting cumulative gains 
or  losses will be reclassified to the Consolidated Income Statement upon the recognition of the underlying transaction or 
the  discontinuance of the  hedging relationship. Movements in respect of effective hedges are shown  in the Consolidated 
Statement of Changes in Equity. The gains or losses relating to the ineffective portion of  cash flow hedges are recognised 
in  the Consolidated Income Statement and the net amount for the year was  $0.9 million  (2024 : $ 0.5  million ). Hedge 
ineffectiveness can arise from differences in the timing of the cash flows of the hedged items and the hedging instruments,  
different indexes linked to the hedged risk of the hedged items and hedging instruments, counterparties ’ credit risk 
differently impacting fair value movements of the hedging instruments and hedged items or changes to  the  forecast 
amount  of cash flows of hedged items and hedging instruments. There is an ec onomic relationship between the 
hedged items and the hedging instruments as the terms of the commodity forward contracts match the terms of the 
expected highly probable forecast transactions.   Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 193
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 196]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
194  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
33 . Financial instruments continued 
Hedge accounting continued  
The Group has established a hedge ratio of 1:1 for the hedging relationships as the underlying risk of  the commodity forward 
cont r acts is  identical to the hedged risk components. To test the hedge effectiveness, the Group uses the hypothetical 
derivative method and compares the changes in the fair value of the hedging instruments against the changes in fair value 
of  the hedged items attributable to the hedged risks.  
At 31 December 2025 and at 31 December 20 24, none of the Group ’s outstanding external forward foreign exchange 
contracts had been designated as hedging instruments . 
Commodity hedging  
The Group enters into commodity hedging to manage risk on specific exposures, swapping floating price to fixed  price . 
At  31  December 2025, the re w ere no  commodity trades recognised within financial assets (202 4 : $ nil ) and $ 4 .6  million 
within  financial liabilities (202 4 : $ 3.4 million ).  
Embedded derivatives  
The Group regularly enters into multi - currency contracts from which the cash flows may lead to embedded foreign exchange 
derivatives in non - financial host contracts, carried at fair value through profit or loss. Embedded foreign currency derivatives, 
arising from multi - currency contracts, are separated where the host contract does not qualify as a financial asset, where the 
transactional currency differs from the functional currencies of the involved parties and a separate instrument, with the same 
terms as  the embedded derivative, would meet the definition of a derivative.  
The fair values of the embedded derivatives at 31 December 20 25 amounted to $ 75.0 million related to financial assets 
(20 24 : $ 136.6 million) and $ 44.1  million related to financial liabilities (20 24 : $ 36 .5 million). Movements were reflected  o n 
the  Consolidated Income Statement in net foreign currency gains and losses within other gains and losses.  
Interest rate risk management 
The Group places funds in the money markets to generate an investment return with a range of maturities (generally less 
than six  months) ensuring a high level of liquidity and reducing the credit risk associated with the deposits. Changes in the 
interest rates associated with these  deposits will impact the interest income generated.  
Interest rate sensitivity analysis  
The Group’s facilities, as disclosed in Note 2 7 ‘Borrowings’, utilise Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as the 
reference rate for borrowings.  
At 31 December 2025, the Group performed a sensitivity analysis on borrowings to indicate the extent to which a change in 
SOFR  would  affect net income and equity. The analysis is based on a  movement in the SOFR of 1% , with all other variables 
held constant. A movement of 1% reflects a reasonably possible sensitivity when compared to historical movements.  
A 1% movement  in SOFR would impact  interest on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost reported in finance costs 
by  $6.8 million for the year ended 31 December 202 5 (2024 : $ 8.3 million). R eported equity would be impacted by  $ 5.7  million 
(2024: $7.0 million).  
Credit risk management  
Credit risk refers to the risk that a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument will default on its contractual obli gations 
and fail to make payment as obligations fall due resulting in financial loss for  the Group. Credit risk arises from the financial 
assets of the Group, which  comprise cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables and derivative financial instruments . 
The maximum exposure of the Group to credit- related loss es on financial instruments is the aggregate of the carrying 
amount of the financial assets as summarised on page 190. 
Financial instruments and cash deposits 
The Group has adopted a policy of transacting with creditworthy financial institutions as a means of mitigating the risk 
of  financial loss from defaults. Credit ratings are supplied by independent rating agencies. The Group ’s exposure and 
the  credit ratings  of its counterparties are continually monitored and the aggregate value of transactions undertaken is 
distributed among approved counterparties. Credit exposure is controlled by counterparty limits that are reviewed and 
approved on an annual  basis and are monitored daily. The Group uses credit ratings as well as other publicly available 
financial information and its own  trading records to rate its major counterparties.  
The Group considers that its cash and cash equivalents have low credit risk based on the external credit ratings of 
the  counterparties.   
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025194
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 197]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
194  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
33 . Financial instruments continued 
Hedge accounting continued  
The Group has established a hedge ratio of 1:1 for the hedging relationships as the underlying risk of  the commodity forward 
cont r acts is  identical to the hedged risk components. To test the hedge effectiveness, the Group uses the hypothetical 
derivative method and compares the changes in the fair value of the hedging instruments against the changes in fair value 
of  the hedged items attributable to the hedged risks.  
At 31 December 2025 and at 31 December 20 24, none of the Group ’s outstanding external forward foreign exchange 
contracts had been designated as hedging instruments . 
Commodity hedging  
The Group enters into commodity hedging to manage risk on specific exposures, swapping floating price to fixed  price . 
At  31  December 2025, the re w ere no  commodity trades recognised within financial assets (202 4 : $ nil ) and $ 4 .6  million 
within  financial liabilities (202 4 : $ 3.4 million ).  
Embedded derivatives  
The Group regularly enters into multi - currency contracts from which the cash flows may lead to embedded foreign exchange 
derivatives in non - financial host contracts, carried at fair value through profit or loss. Embedded foreign currency derivatives, 
arising from multi - currency contracts, are separated where the host contract does not qualify as a financial asset, where the 
transactional currency differs from the functional currencies of the involved parties and a separate instrument, with the same 
terms as  the embedded derivative, would meet the definition of a derivative.  
The fair values of the embedded derivatives at 31 December 20 25 amounted to $ 75.0 million related to financial assets 
(20 24 : $ 136.6 million) and $ 44.1  million related to financial liabilities (20 24 : $ 36 .5 million). Movements were reflected  o n 
the  Consolidated Income Statement in net foreign currency gains and losses within other gains and losses.  
Interest rate risk management 
The Group places funds in the money markets to generate an investment return with a range of maturities (generally less 
than six  months) ensuring a high level of liquidity and reducing the credit risk associated with the deposits. Changes in the 
interest rates associated with these  deposits will impact the interest income generated.  
Interest rate sensitivity analysis  
The Group’s facilities, as disclosed in Note 2 7 ‘Borrowings’, utilise Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as the 
reference rate for borrowings.  
At 31 December 2025, the Group performed a sensitivity analysis on borrowings to indicate the extent to which a change in 
SOFR  would  affect net income and equity. The analysis is based on a  movement in the SOFR of 1% , with all other variables 
held constant. A movement of 1% reflects a reasonably possible sensitivity when compared to historical movements.  
A 1% movement  in SOFR would impact  interest on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost reported in finance costs 
by  $6.8 million for the year ended 31 December 202 5 (2024 : $ 8.3 million). R eported equity would be impacted by  $ 5.7  million 
(2024: $7.0 million).  
Credit risk management  
Credit risk refers to the risk that a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument will default on its contractual obli gations 
and fail to make payment as obligations fall due resulting in financial loss for  the Group. Credit risk arises from the financial 
assets of the Group, which  comprise cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables and derivative financial instruments . 
The maximum exposure of the Group to credit- related loss es on financial instruments is the aggregate of the carrying 
amount of the financial assets as summarised on page 190. 
Financial instruments and cash deposits 
The Group has adopted a policy of transacting with creditworthy financial institutions as a means of mitigating the risk 
of  financial loss from defaults. Credit ratings are supplied by independent rating agencies. The Group ’s exposure and 
the  credit ratings  of its counterparties are continually monitored and the aggregate value of transactions undertaken is 
distributed among approved counterparties. Credit exposure is controlled by counterparty limits that are reviewed and 
approved on an annual  basis and are monitored daily. The Group uses credit ratings as well as other publicly available 
financial information and its own  trading records to rate its major counterparties.  
The Group considers that its cash and cash equivalents have low credit risk based on the external credit ratings of 
the  counterparties.   
 
195  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
Trade receivables and contract assets 
The Group ’ s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer. The Group ’ s 
credit  risk  management practices are designed to address the risk characteristics of key financial assets . Credit exposure 
is  controlled  by  counterparty limits that are reviewed and approved on an annual basis and are monitored daily. In  respect 
of  its c ustomers  and supplier s, the Group uses credit ratings as well as other publicly available financial information and 
its  own  trading records to rate its major counterparties. The assessment of the Group ’ s exposure to credit risk includes 
consideration of historical and forward - looking information regarding both the financial position and performance of the 
counterparty and the general macroeconomic environment.  
Expected credit loss assessment for financial assets 
Allowances are recognised as required under the IFRS 9  ‘Financial Instruments’  impairment model and continue to be carried 
until there are indicators that there  is no reasonable expectation of recovery.  
For construction contract assets and trade and other receivables which do not contain a significant financing component, 
the  Group applies the simplified approach. This approach requires the allowance for expected credit losses to be recognised 
at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses. For other financial assets the Group applies the general approach 
to  providing for expected credit losses as prescribed by IFRS 9, which permits the recognition of an allowance for the 
estimated expected loss res ulting from default in the subsequent 12- month period. Exposure to credit loss is monitored 
on  a continual basis and, where material, the allowance for expected credit losses is adjusted to reflect the risk of default 
during the lifetime of the financial asset should a significant  change in credit risk be identified.  
In determining expected credit losses, financial assets with the same counterparty are grouped and where appropriate 
expected credit losses are measured on a collective basis. In determining the level of allowance the Group uses an internal 
credit risk grading framework and  applies judgement based on a variety of data in order to predict the likely risk of default. 
The Group defines default as full or partial non - payment of contractual cash flows. The determination of expected credit 
losses is derived from historical and forward - looking information which includes external ratings, audited financial statements 
and other publicly available information about customers. Determination of the level of  expected credit loss incorporates a 
review of factors which can be indicative of default, including the nature of the counterparty (for example, national energy  
companies, international energy  companies or independent energy companies) and the individual industry sectors in which 
the counterparty operates.  
The majority of the Group ’ s financial assets are expected to have a low risk of default. A review of the historical occurrence 
of credit losses indicates that credit losses are insignificant due to the size of the Group ’ s customers and the nature of 
the  services provided. The outlook for the  energy industry is not expected to result in a significant change in the Group ’ s 
exposure to credit losses. As lifetime expected credit losses are not expected to be significant the Group has opted not 
to  adopt the practical expedient available under IFRS 9 to utilise a provision matrix for the recognition of lifetime expected 
credit losses on trade receivables. Allowances are calculated on a case - by - case basis based  on the credit risk applicable 
to  individual counterparties.  
Exposure to credit risk is continually monitored in order to identify financial assets which experience a significant change in 
credit risk. While assessing for significant changes in credit risk the Group makes use of operational simplifications permitted  
by IFRS 9. The Group considers a financial asset to have low credit risk if the asset has a low risk of default; the counterparty 
has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term; and no adverse changes in economic 
or  b usiness conditions have been identified which in the longer  term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the 
counterparty to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations. Where a financial asset becomes more than 30 days past its due 
date additional procedures are performed to determine the reasons for non - payment in order to identify if a change in the 
exposure to credit risk has occurred.  
Should a significant change in the exposure to credit risk be identified the allowance for expected credit losses is increased 
to reflect the risk  of expected default in the lifetime of the financial asset. The Group continually monitors for indications that 
a financial asset has become credit impaired with an allowance for credit impairment recognised when the loss is incurred. 
Where a financial asset becomes more than 90 days past its due date additional procedures are performed to determine 
the  reasons f or non - payment in order to identify if the asset has become credit impaired.  
The Group considers an asset to be credit impaired once there is evidence that a loss has been incurred. In addition to 
recognising an allowance for expected credit loss, the Group monitors for the occurrence of events that have a detrimental 
impact on the  recoverability of financial assets. Evidence of credit impairment includes, but is not limited to, indications of 
significant financial difficulty of the counterparty, a breach of contract or failure to adhere to payment terms, bankruptcy 
or  financial reorganisation of a counterparty or the disappearance of an active market for the financial asset.  
A financial asset is only impaired when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery.  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 195
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 198]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
196 Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
33 . Financial instruments continued  
Expected credit loss assessment for financial assets continued 
For trade receivables, the Group ’s current credit risk grading framework comprises the following categories:  
Category  Description  Response  
Performing  The counterparty has a low risk of default. No balances 
are aged greater than 30 days past due.  
An allowance for lifetime ECLs is recognised where 
the impact is determined to be material.  
Monitored  The counterparty has a low risk of default. Balances aged 
greater than 30 days past due have arisen due to ongoing 
commercial discussions associated with the close - out of 
contractual requirements and are not considered to be 
indicative of an increased risk  of default.  
The allowance for lifetime ECLs is increased where 
the impact is determined to be material.  
In default  Balances are greater than 90 days past due with the 
ageing not being as a result of ongoing commercial 
discussions associated with the close - out of contractual 
commitments, or  there is evidence indicating that the 
counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and collection 
of amounts due is improbable.  
The asset is considered to be credit impaired and an 
allowance for the estimated incurred loss is 
recognised where material.  
Written off  There is evidence that the counterparty is in severe 
financial difficulty and the Group has no realistic 
prospect of recovery of balances due.  
The gross receivable and associated allowance are 
both  derecognised.  
The credit risk grades disclosed above are consistent with the information used by the Group for credit risk management 
purposes. Specific information regarding the counterparty together with past - due information and forward - looking 
information is utilised  in order to determine the appropriate credit grading category. T rade receivables balances were 
evaluated using  the grading framework . 
At (in $ millions)     
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Performing     617. 6 467.1  
Monitored     41.2  33.9  
In default     22.9  21.6  
Gross carrying amount     6 81 .7 522.6  
In addition to the credit risk grading framework for trade receivables the Group uses past-due information to assess significant 
increases in  credit risk for all financial assets. Information related to ageing of material financial assets is included within 
subsequent disclosures.  
Other financial assets, including amounts due from associates and joint ventures, are not subject to the Group ’s credit risk grading 
framework. The Group assesses the credit risk of these financial assets on a case - by - case basis using all relevant available 
historical and  forward - looking information. Allowances for expected credit losses or credit impairment are recorded when required.  
Trade receivables  
At (in $ millions)     
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Gross carrying amount     681. 7 522.6  
Allowance for expected credit losses     (1.0)  (2.1)  
Allowance for incurred credit impairments     (22.9)  (21.6)  
Net carrying amount     657. 8 498.9  
The table below provides an analysis of the age of trade receivables at the balance sheet date. This includes details of thos e 
trade receivables which are past due, but not impaired, and trade receivables which are individually determined to be impaire d.  
At 31 December 20 25 
(in $ millions)  Current  
More than 30 
days past due  
More than 60 
days past due  
More than 90 
days past due  Total  
Gross carrying amount  617. 6 15.0  15.3  33.8  681. 7 
Allowance for expected credit losses  (1.0)  – – – (1.0 )  
Allowance for incurred credit impairments  – – – (22.9)  (22.9)  
Net carrying amount  616. 6 15.0  15.3  10.9  657 .8 
 
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025196
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 199]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
196 Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
33 . Financial instruments continued  
Expected credit loss assessment for financial assets continued 
For trade receivables, the Group ’s current credit risk grading framework comprises the following categories:  
Category  Description  Response  
Performing  The counterparty has a low risk of default. No balances 
are aged greater than 30 days past due.  
An allowance for lifetime ECLs is recognised where 
the impact is determined to be material.  
Monitored  The counterparty has a low risk of default. Balances aged 
greater than 30 days past due have arisen due to ongoing 
commercial discussions associated with the close - out of 
contractual requirements and are not considered to be 
indicative of an increased risk  of default.  
The allowance for lifetime ECLs is increased where 
the impact is determined to be material.  
In default  Balances are greater than 90 days past due with the 
ageing not being as a result of ongoing commercial 
discussions associated with the close - out of contractual 
commitments, or  there is evidence indicating that the 
counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and collection 
of amounts due is improbable.  
The asset is considered to be credit impaired and an 
allowance for the estimated incurred loss is 
recognised where material.  
Written off  There is evidence that the counterparty is in severe 
financial difficulty and the Group has no realistic 
prospect of recovery of balances due.  
The gross receivable and associated allowance are 
both  derecognised.  
The credit risk grades disclosed above are consistent with the information used by the Group for credit risk management 
purposes. Specific information regarding the counterparty together with past - due information and forward - looking 
information is utilised  in order to determine the appropriate credit grading category. T rade receivables balances were 
evaluated using  the grading framework . 
At (in $ millions)     
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Performing     617. 6 467.1  
Monitored     41.2  33.9  
In default     22.9  21.6  
Gross carrying amount     6 81 . 7  522.6  
In addition to the credit risk grading framework for trade receivables the Group uses past-due information to assess significant 
increases in  credit risk for all financial assets. Information related to ageing of material financial assets is included within 
subsequent disclosures.  
Other financial assets, including amounts due from associates and joint ventures, are not subject to the Group ’s credit risk grading 
framework. The Group assesses the credit risk of these financial assets on a case - by - case basis using all relevant available 
historical and  forward - looking information. Allowances for expected credit losses or credit impairment are recorded when required.  
Trade receivables  
At (in $ millions)     
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Gross carrying amount     681. 7 522.6  
Allowance for expected credit losses     (1.0)  (2.1)  
Allowance for incurred credit impairments     (22.9)  (21.6)  
Net carrying amount     657. 8  498.9  
The table below provides an analysis of the age of trade receivables at the balance sheet date. This includes details of thos e 
trade receivables which are past due, but not impaired, and trade receivables which are individually determined to be impaire d.  
At 31 December 20 25 
(in $ millions)  Current  
More than 30 
days past due  
More than 60 
days past due  
More than 90 
days past due  Total  
Gross carrying amount  617. 6 15.0  15.3  33.8  681. 7 
Allowance for expected credit losses  (1.0)  – – – (1.0 )  
Allowance for incurred credit impairments  – – – (22.9)  (22.9)  
Net carrying amount  616. 6 15.0  15.3  10.9  657 .8 
 
  
 
197  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
At 31 December 202 4 
(in $ millions)  Current  
More than 30  
days past due  
More than 60  
days past due  
More than 90  
days past due  Total  
Gross carrying amount  467.3  20.4  1.7  33.2 522.6  
Allowance for expected credit losses  (2.1)  – – –  (2.1)  
Allowance for incurred credit impairments  (0.2)  –  –  (21.4)  (21.6)  
Net carrying amount  465.0  20.4  1.7  11.8  498.9  
The movement in the allowance for expected credit losses in respect of trade receivables during the year was as follows:  
(in $ millions)  
   202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Allowance for expected credit losses       
At year beginning     (2.1)  (1.3)  
D ecrease/(increase) in allowance     1.1  (0.8)  
At year end     (1.0)  (2.1)  
The movement in the allowanc e for credit impairment in respect of trade receivables during the year was as follows:  
(in $ millions)  
   202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Allowance for credit impairment       
At year beginning     (21.6)  (23.0)  
Increase in allowance     (0.2)  (0.4)  
Utilisation of allowance     –  1.5  
Unused amounts released during the year     0.5  –  
Exchange differences     (1.6)  0.3  
At year end     (22.9)  (21.6)  
During the year ended 31 December 202 5 , the Group collected $0.5 million  in respect of trade receivables which had been 
credit  impaired in the prior year (202 4: $ nil ). 
Amounts due from associates and joint ventures 
At (in $ millions)  
   202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Gross carrying amount     35.8  40.8  
Allowance for incurred credit impairments     (1.6)  (1.6)  
Net carrying amount     34. 2  39.2  
T he table below provides an analysis of the ageing of amounts due from associates and joint ventures. This includes balances 
with associates and joint ventures which are past due at the end of the reporting period, but not impaired, and balances which  
are individually determined to be impaired at the end of the reporting period.  
At 31 December 20 25 
(in $ millions)  Current  
More than 30 
days past due  
More than 60 
days past due  
More than 90 
days past due  Total  
Gross carrying amount  31. 5  –  0.2  4. 1  3 5 . 8  
Allowance for incurred credit impairments  –  –  –  (1.6)  (1.6)  
Net carrying amount  31. 5 – 0.2  2. 5  34. 2 
At 31 December 20 24 
(in $ millions)  Current  
More than 30  
days past due  
More than 60  
days past due  
More than 90  
days past due  Total  
Gross carrying amount  36.2  – – 4.6  40.8  
Allowance for incurred credit impairments  – – – (1.6)  (1.6)  
Net carrying amount  36.2  – – 3.0  39.2  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 197
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 200]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
198  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
33 . Financial instruments continued  
Amounts due from associates and joint ventures continued 
The movement in the allowance for credit impairments in respect of amounts due from associates and joint ventures during 
the year was as follows:  
(in $ millions)     
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Allowance for credit impairments    
At year beginning  (1.6)  (3.7)  
Utilisation of allowance  – 0.1  
Reclassification following derecognition of investment in joint venture  – 1.8  
Exchange differences     – 0.2  
At year end     (1.6)  (1.6 )  
At  31 December 2025, the allowance for expected credit losses recognised in connection with amounts due from associates 
and joint ventures was $ nil  (20 24 : $nil). 
Other financial assets at amortised cost  
An analysis of the age of other financial assets at the balance sheet date has not been provided on the grounds of 
materiality. Other financial assets are typically non - recurring and are monitored on an asset - by - asset basis. Ageing is not 
necessarily refle ctive of credit risk.  
At 31 December 2025, the allowances for expected credit losses and credit impairment recognised in connection with other 
financial assets at amortised cost were $ nil  (20 24 : $nil) .  
Concentration of credit risk 
Credit risk is primarily associated with trade receivables. Net trade receivables as shown in Note 19 ‘ Trade and other 
receivables ’ arise from a large number of c ustomers, dispersed geographically. Continual credit evaluation is performed on 
the recoverability of trade receivables. The  following table classifies outstanding balances into three categories:  
At  
202 5  
31 Dec  
Category 
percentage  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Category 
percentage  
National energy companies  38%  29%  
International energy companies  11%  13%  
Independent energy companies  51%  58%  
Total  100%  100%  
National energy  companies are either partially or wholly - owned by , or directly controlled by , the government of their 
respective country of incorporation. Both  international and independent energy  companies are mainly publicly or privately 
owned. International energy  companies are generally larger in size and scope than independent energy companies.  
During the year ended 31 December 20 25 , two  c ustomers  (20 24 : t wo  c ustomers ) contributed individually to 10% or more of 
the Group ’s revenue. The revenue from these c ustomers  was $ 2,292.9 million or 32 % of total Group revenue (20 24 : $ 1, 851 .5 
million  or 27%). 
The five largest receivables balances by c ustomer  are shown below:  
At (in $ millions)   
31 Dec  
202 5   
C ustomer  A  204.5  
C ustomer  B  109.8 
C ustomer  C  36.7  
C ustomer  D  32.8 
C ustomer  E  31.1 
 
At (in $ millions)   
31 Dec  
202 4   
Customer A   98.9  
Customer B   46.6  
Customer C   28.9  
Customer D   25.9  
Customer E   24.2  
 
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025198
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 201]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
198  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
33 . Financial instruments continued  
Amounts due from associates and joint ventures continued 
The movement in the allowance for credit impairments in respect of amounts due from associates and joint ventures during 
the year was as follows:  
(in $ millions)     
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Allowance for credit impairments    
At year beginning  (1.6)  (3.7)  
Utilisation of allowance  – 0.1  
Reclassification following derecognition of investment in joint venture  – 1.8  
Exchange differences     – 0.2  
At year end     (1.6)  (1.6 )  
At  31 December 2025, the allowance for expected credit losses recognised in connection with amounts due from associates 
and joint ventures was $ nil  (20 24 : $nil). 
Other financial assets at amortised cost  
An analysis of the age of other financial assets at the balance sheet date has not been provided on the grounds of 
materiality. Other financial assets are typically non - recurring and are monitored on an asset - by - asset basis. Ageing is not 
necessarily refle ctive of credit risk.  
At 31 December 2025, the allowances for expected credit losses and credit impairment recognised in connection with other 
financial assets at amortised cost were $ nil  (20 24 : $nil) .  
Concentration of credit risk 
Credit risk is primarily associated with trade receivables. Net trade receivables as shown in Note 19 ‘ Trade and other 
receivables ’ arise from a large number of c ustomers, dispersed geographically. Continual credit evaluation is performed on 
the recoverability of trade receivables. The  following table classifies outstanding balances into three categories:  
At  
202 5  
31 Dec  
Category 
percentage  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Category 
percentage  
National energy companies  38%  29%  
International energy companies  11%  13%  
Independent energy companies  51%  58%  
Total  100%  100%  
National energy  companies are either partially or wholly - owned by , or directly controlled by , the government of their 
respective country of incorporation. Both  international and independent energy  companies are mainly publicly or privately 
owned. International energy  companies are generally larger in size and scope than independent energy companies.  
During the year ended 31 December 20 25 , two  c ustomers  (20 24 : t wo  c ustomers ) contributed individually to 10% or more of 
the Group ’s revenue. The revenue from these c ustomers  was $ 2,292.9 million or 32 % of total Group revenue (20 24 : $ 1, 851 .5 
million  or 27%). 
The five largest receivables balances by c ustomer  are shown below:  
At (in $ millions)   
31 Dec  
202 5   
C ustomer  A  204.5  
C ustomer  B  109.8 
C ustomer  C  36.7  
C ustomer  D  32.8 
C ustomer  E  31.1 
 
At (in $ millions)   
31 Dec  
202 4   
Customer A   98.9  
Customer B   46.6  
Customer C   28.9  
Customer D   25.9  
Customer E   24.2  
 
  
 
199 Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
The c ustomer  mix for outstanding accounts receivable balances at 31 December 20 25 is not the same as  at  
31 December 20 24 . The Group did not have any significant credit exposure to any single counterparty at 31 December 20 25 
or 31 December 2024 .  
The credit risk on liquid funds and derivative financial instruments is limited because the counterparties are primarily bank s 
with high  credit ratings assigned by international credit - rating agencies. At 31 December 20 25 , 13 % (20 24 : 7 %) of cash and 
cash equivalents was held at counterparties with a credit rating lower than ‘upper - medium grade ’ classification.  
Liquidity risk management  
The Group has a framework for the management of short, medium and long - term funding and liquidity management 
requirements. The Group continually monitors forecast and actual cash flows and matches the maturity profiles of financial 
assets and liabilities. Liquidity risk is managed by maintaining adequate cash and cash equivalent balances and by ensuring 
available borrowing facilities are  in place. Included in Note 2 7 ‘ Borrowings ’ are details of the undrawn facilities that the Group 
ha d at 31 December 20 25. 
Liquidity tables 
The following table details the Group ’s remaining contractual maturity for its non - derivative financial liabilities. The table has 
been prepared based on the undiscounted cash flows relating to financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the 
payment can be required. Principal cas h flows are as follows:  
At 31 December 20 25 
(in $ millions)  
Less than  
1 month  1 –3 months  
3 months  
to 1 year  1 –5 years  Total  
Borrowings (a)  22.0  27.4 157.9  438.5  645.8  
Trade payables  2 70 .3 44. 6 22. 2 – 3 37 .1 
Amounts due to associates and joint ventures  51.4 – – – 51 .4 
Lease liabilities   21.7 46.9 1 23 .7 20 1.1 393 .4 
Total  36 5.4 1 18 .9 3 03 .8 6 39 .6 1,4 27 .7 
(a)  Amounts totalling $ 45 .9 million included within the category 1 –5 years represent amounts with a maturity date of greater than 5 years.  
At 31 December 20 24 
(in $ millions)  
Less than  
1 month  1 –3 months  
3 months  
to 1 year  1 –5 years  Total  
Borrowings (a)  8.0  34.7  143.6  654.6  840.9  
Trade payables  309.3  42.8  23.7  3.1  378.9  
Amounts due to associates and joint ventures  12.4  – – – 12.4  
Lease liabilities  21.9  40.0  188.5  253.4  503.8  
Total  351.6  117.5  355.8  911.1  1,736.0  
(a)  Amounts totalling $ 78.1  million included within the category 1 –5 years represent amounts with a maturity date of greater than 5 years.  
The following table details the Group ’s liquidity profile for its derivative financial liabilities . The table has been prepared 
based  on the  undiscounted net cash payments and receipts on the derivative instruments that settle on a net basis and the 
undiscounted gross payments and receipts on those derivative financial instruments that require gross settlement. When the 
amount payable or receivable is  not fixed, the amount disclosed has been determined by reference to the projected interest 
rates as illustrated by the yield curves existing at the balance sheet date.  
At 31 December 20 25 
(in $ millions)  
Less than  
1 month  1 –3 months  
3 months  
to 1 year  1 –5 years  Total  
Net settled:       
Embedded derivatives  – 1.7  23.5 21.1 46.3  
Commodity hedging  0.1 0.1 1.3  3.1 4.6 
Gross settled:       
Foreign exchange forward contract payments  292.7  169.4  133.2  – 595.3  
Foreign exchange forward contract receipts  (291.3)  (168.8)  (132.2)  – (592.3)  
Total  1.5 2.4 25.8  24.2 53.9  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 199
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 202]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
200 Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
33 . Financial instruments continued  
Liquidity tables continued 
At 31 December 202 4 
(in $ millions)  
Less than  
1 month  1 –3 months  
3 months  
to 1 year  1 –5 years  Total  
Net settled:       
Embedded derivatives  –  3.3  22.8 12.0  38.1  
Commodity hedging  0.3  0.4  1.3  1.4  3.4  
Gross settled:       
Foreign exchange forward contract payments  489.2  – – – 489.2  
Foreign exchange forward contract receipts  (483.1)  – – – (483.1)  
Total  6.4  3.7  24.1  13.4  47.6  
Capital risk management  
The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as going concerns while 
maximising the return to shareholders of the parent company.  
The capital structure of the Group consists of debt, which includes borrowings disclosed in Note 2 7 ‘ Borrowings’ , cash and 
cash equivalents disclosed in Note 2 3 ‘ Cash and cash equivalents’ and equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company , 
comprising issued share capital, paid in surplus, reserves and retained earnings.  
The Group monitors its capital structure using a leverage ratio of net debt to Adjusted EBITDA. T he ratio calculates net debt 
as the principal amount  of borrowings and  lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents.  
Reconciliation of movements in liabilities arising from financing activities  
The table below details changes in the Group ’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and non - cash 
changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows are classified in the Consolidated Cash  
Flow Statement as cash flows from financing acti vities.  
 Liabilities   Equity   Other  Total  
(in $ millions)   B orrowings  
Lease  
liabilities   
Dividends  
payable to 
shareholders  
Treasury 
shares  
Other  
equity     
Balance at 1 January 2025  722.0  454.9   – (69.1)  (73.4)   (22.6)  1,011.8  
Financing cash flows           
Interest paid  (41.1)  (25.1)   – – –  (25.2)  (91.4)  
Net repayment of borrowings  (139.4)    – – –  – (139.4)  
Payments related to lease liabilities  – (266.8)   – – –  – (266.8)  
Dividends paid to shareholders of 
the  parent company  – –  (376.2)  – –  – (376.2)  
Total financing cash flows  (180.5)  (291.9)   (376.2)  – –  (25.2)  (873.8)  
Non - cash changes           
Dividends declared  – –  368.3 – –  – 368.3  
Non - cash movements in 
lease liabilities   147.1    – –  – 147.1  
Non - cash movements in 
treasury  shares  – –  – 8.9  (8.9)   – – 
Interest and fees  42.2  25.0   – – –  20.1  87.3  
Exchange differences  – 14.7   7.9  – –  – 22.6  
Total non - cash changes  42.2 186.8  376.2  8.9  (8.9)   20.1 625.3  
Balance at  31 December 2025  583.7  349.8   –  (60.2)  (82.3)   (27.7)  763.3  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025200
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 203]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
200 Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
33 . Financial instruments continued  
Liquidity tables continued 
At 31 December 202 4 
(in $ millions)  
Less than  
1 month  1 –3 months  
3 months  
to 1 year  1 –5 years  Total  
Net settled:       
Embedded derivatives  –  3.3  22.8 12.0  38.1  
Commodity hedging  0.3  0.4  1.3  1.4  3.4  
Gross settled:       
Foreign exchange forward contract payments  489.2  – – – 489.2  
Foreign exchange forward contract receipts  (483.1)  – – – (483.1)  
Total  6.4  3.7  24.1  13.4  47.6  
Capital risk management  
The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as going concerns while 
maximising the return to shareholders of the parent company.  
The capital structure of the Group consists of debt, which includes borrowings disclosed in Note 2 7 ‘ Borrowings’ , cash and 
cash equivalents disclosed in Note 2 3 ‘ Cash and cash equivalents’ and equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company , 
comprising issued share capital, paid in surplus, reserves and retained earnings.  
The Group monitors its capital structure using a leverage ratio of net debt to Adjusted EBITDA. T he ratio calculates net debt 
as the principal amount  of borrowings and  lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents.  
Reconciliation of movements in liabilities arising from financing activities  
The table below details changes in the Group ’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and non - cash 
changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows are classified in the Consolidated Cash  
Flow Statement as cash flows from financing acti vities.  
 Liabilities   Equity   Other  Total  
(in $ millions)   B orrowings  
Lease  
liabilities   
Dividends  
payable to 
shareholders  
Treasury 
shares  
Other  
equity     
Balance at 1 January 2025  722.0  454.9   – (69.1)  (73.4)   (22.6)  1,011.8  
Financing cash flows           
Interest paid  (41.1)  (25.1)   – – –  (25.2)  (91.4)  
Net repayment of borrowings  (139.4)    – – –  – (139.4)  
Payments related to lease liabilities  – (266.8)   – – –  – (266.8)  
Dividends paid to shareholders of 
the  parent company  – –  (376.2)  – –  – (376.2)  
Total financing cash flows  (180.5)  (291.9)   (376.2)  – –  (25.2)  (873.8)  
Non - cash changes           
Dividends declared  – –  368.3 – –  – 368.3  
Non - cash movements in 
lease liabilities   147.1    – –  – 147.1  
Non - cash movements in 
treasury  shares  – –  – 8.9  (8.9)   – – 
Interest and fees  42.2  25.0   – – –  20.1  87.3  
Exchange differences  – 14.7   7.9  – –  – 22.6  
Total non - cash changes  42.2 186.8  376.2  8.9  (8.9)   20.1 625.3  
Balance at  31 December 2025  583.7  349.8   –  (60.2)  (82.3)   (27.7)  763.3  
  
 
201 Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
 
 Liabilities   Equity   Other  Total  
(in $ millions)   Borrowings  
Lease  
liabilities   
Dividends  
payable to 
shareholders  
Treasury  
shares  
Other  
equity  
 
  
Balance at  1 January 2024  844.9  458.3   –  (31.1)  ( 17.7)   (11.6)  1,242.8  
Financing cash flows           
Interest paid  (58.4)  (33.6)   – – –  ( 17.2)  (109.2)  
Net proceeds from borrowings  ( 124.8)  –  – – –  – ( 124.8)  
Payments related to lease liabilities  – (189.6)   – – –  – (189.6)  
Cost of share repurchases  – –  – (87.3)  –  – (87.3)  
Dividends paid to shareholders of 
the  parent company  – –  (162.9)  – –  – ( 162.9 )  
Acquisition of shares in non - wholly -
owned subsidiary  – –  – – (6.4)   –  ( 6.4 )  
Total financing cash flows  (183.2)  (223.2)   (162.9)  (87.3)  (6.4)   (17.2)  ( 680.2 )  
Non - cash changes           
Dividends declared  – –   163.1  – –  – 163.1  
Non - cash movements in 
lease liabilities  – 195.3   – – –  – 195.3  
Non - cash movements in 
treasury  shares  – –  – 49.3  (49.3)   –  –  
Interest and fees  60.3  34.7   – – –  6.2  101.2  
Exchange differences  –  (10.2)   (0.2)  – –  –  (10.4)  
Total non - cash changes  60.3  219.8   162.9  49.3  (49.3)   6.2  449.2  
Balance at 31 December 2024  722.0  454.9   – (69.1)  ( 73.4 )   (22.6)  1,011.8  
Fair value hierarchy  
The Group classifies fair value measurements using a fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of the inputs used i n 
making the  measurements. The fair value hierarchy has the following levels:  
Level 1 Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  
Level 2 Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly  
 (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).  
Level 3 Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 201
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 204]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
202  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
33 . Financial instruments continued  
Fair value measurement  
During the year ended 31 December 202 5, there were no transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy. The Group 
recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy from the date of the event or change in circumstance s that 
caused the transfer.  
Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and their level of the fair value 
hierarchy were as follows:  
  
At (in $ millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec  
Level 1  
202 5  
31 Dec  
Level 2  
202 5  
31 Dec  
Level 3  
20 2 4  
31 Dec  
Level 1  
20 2 4  
31 Dec  
Level 2  
20 24  
31 Dec  
Level 3  
Recurring fair value measurements        
Financial assets:        
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss –  
derivative instruments  – 3.5 – – 0.4  –  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss –  
embedded derivatives  – 75.0 – – 136.6  –  
Financial liabilities:        
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss –  
derivative instruments  – (3.0)  – – (6.1)  –  
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss –  
embedded derivatives  – (44.1)
 – – (36.5)  –  
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss – 
commodity derivatives  – (1.3)
 – – (0.4)  –  
Financial liabilities at fair value through other comprehensive 
income – commodity derivatives  – (3.3)  – – (3.0)  –  
Contingent consideration (a)  – – –  – –  (0.5)  
(a)  A reconciliation of contingent consideration movements during the year is shown on page 20 3. 
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025202
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 205]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
202  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
33 . Financial instruments continued  
Fair value measurement  
During the year ended 31 December 202 5, there were no transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy. The Group 
recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy from the date of the event or change in circumstance s that 
caused the transfer.  
Assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and their level of the fair value 
hierarchy were as follows:  
  
At (in $ millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec  
Level 1  
202 5  
31 Dec  
Level 2  
202 5  
31 Dec  
Level 3  
20 2 4  
31 Dec  
Level 1  
20 2 4  
31 Dec  
Level 2  
20 24  
31 Dec  
Level 3  
Recurring fair value measurements        
Financial assets:        
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss –  
derivative instruments  – 3.5 – – 0.4  –  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss –  
embedded derivatives  – 75.0 – – 136.6  –  
Financial liabilities:        
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss –  
derivative instruments  – (3.0)  – – (6.1)  –  
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss –  
embedded derivatives  – (44.1)
 – – (36.5)  –  
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss – 
commodity derivatives  – (1.3)
 – – (0.4)  –  
Financial liabilities at fair value through other comprehensive 
income – commodity derivatives  – (3.3)  – – (3.0)  –  
Contingent consideration (a)  – – –  – –  (0.5)  
(a)  A reconciliation of contingent consideration movements during the year is shown on page 20 3. 
  
 
203  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
Recurring fair value measurements 
Financial assets and financial liabilities 
Financial assets and financial liabilities which are remeasured to fair value on a recurring basis are determined as follows:  
• the fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities with standard terms and conditions and traded on active liquid 
markets are determined with reference to quoted market prices;  
• the fair values of other financial assets and financial liabilities (excluding derivative instruments) are determined in 
accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis using prices from observable 
current market transactions and  quotes for similar instruments;  
• the fair value of other financial assets classified as current assets, which includes quoted securities, is determined using 
quoted prices;  
• the fair value of contingent consideration is determined based on current expectations of the achievement of specific 
targets and  milestones calculated using the discounted cash flow method and unobservable inputs. Quantitative 
information about the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement and sensitivities to changes 
in  these unobservable inputs are as  disclosed  below:  
 
• s ignificant inputs to the fair value of contingent consideration following a business combination include the assumed 
probability of the achievement of operational targets and technical milestones. A significant increase or decrease in the 
assumed probabili ty of achieving these would result in a higher or lower fair value of the contingent consideration liability, 
while a significant increase or decrease in the discount rate would result in a higher or lower fair value of the contingent 
consideration liabili ty. Gains or losses for the year were  reco gnised  in the Consolidated Income Statement as disclosed 
within Note 7 ‘Other gains and losses ’; and   
• t he fair values of foreign exchange derivative instruments and embedded derivatives are calculated using quoted foreign 
exchange rates and yield curves derived from quoted interest rates matching maturities of the contract. Where such prices 
are not availab le, use is made of discounted cash flow analysis using the applicable yield curve for the duration of the 
instruments for non - optional derivative financial instruments.  
Non -recurring fair value measurements 
Assumptions used in determining fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities which are remeasured to fair value o n a 
non - recurring basis are as follows:  
The fair value of receivables and payables is based on their carrying amount,  which is representative of contractual amounts 
due and, where appropriate, incorporates expectations about future expected credit losses.  
Other financial assets which are classified as non - current include equity investments in unlisted companies which are 
strategic in nature.  Management concluded that due to the nature of these investments, there are a wide range of possible 
fair value measurements and in some cases there may be insufficient recent information available to enable the Group to 
accurately measure fair value. Management review s investments annually to ensure the carrying amount can be supported by 
expected future cash flows and ha s concluded that cost is considered to represent the best estimate of fair value of each 
investment within a range of possible outcomes.  
In accordance with IFRS 5 ‘Non - current assets held for sale and discontinued operations’, no impairment charges were 
recognised on the carrying value of assets included in a disposal group classified as held for sale. These assets were 
measured within Leve l 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Further details are disclosed in Note 20 ‘Disposal group classified as held 
for sale’ to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
(in $ millions)  
Balance at  
1 January 
202 5  Utilisation   
Unused amounts 
released  
Balance at  
31 December  
202 5  
Contingent consideration  0.5  (0.2)   (0.3)   – 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 203
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 206]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
204 Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
34 . Related party transactions  
Key management personnel  
Key management personnel include the Board of Directors and the Executive Management Team. Key management 
personnel at 31  December 2025 included 15 individuals (20 24 : 1 5 individuals). The remuneration of these personnel is 
determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Subsea 7 S.A . 
Non -E xecutive Directors  
Details of fees payable  to and shares h eld by  Non -E xecutive Directors for the year ended 31 December 20 25 are disclosed in 
the Remuneration Report on pages 65  to 69. 
Key management (Executive Management Team)  
Payments made  by the Group in relation  to the Executive Management Team during the year w ere as follows:  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec (a) 
202 4  
31 Dec (a) 
Salaries and other short - term employee benefits (b)  9.7 8.1  
Share - based payments (c)  2.3 1.1  
Post - employment benefits (d)  0.3  0.2  
Total  12.3  9.4  
(a)  Amounts represent payments made to members of the Executive Management Team and  the  associated costs incurred by the Group.   
(b)  Salaries and other short - term employee benefits represent payments made during the year in respect of base salary, short - term bonus payments, 
other short - term  remuneration, other short - term benefits, including private healthcare and car allowances, and the associated social security 
contributions made by the Group.   
(c)  Share- based payments r epresent the market value of the shares transferred to the participants during the year . Shares transferred represent 
performance shares which vested under the 2018 and 2022 Long Term I ncentive Plans . Refer to the Remuneration Report on pages 65  to 69 for 
details of the plan.  
(d)  Post - employment benefits represent the cash value of defined pension contribution payments made by the Group during the year.   
Remuneration for the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
Total remuneration for the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer is disclosed in the Remuneration Report on 
pages 65  to 69 .  
Shares and performance shares  
Performance shares outstanding and shareholdings held at 31 December 202 5 are disclosed in the Remuneration Report on 
pages 65  to 69. 
Transactions with key management personnel  
During the year, the Executive Management Team were awarded the rights to 213 ,5 00 performance shares under the 
Group ’s 2022 Long  T erm Incentive Plan. Refer to the Remuneration Report on pages 65  to 69 for details of the plan.   
Transactions with associates and joint ventures  
The Consolidated Balance Sheet includes:  
At (in $ millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Net non - current receivables due from associates and joint ventures (Note 17)  21.4  31.2  
Net trade receivables due from associates and joint ventures (Note 19)  12.8 8.0  
Trade payables due to associates and joint ventures (Note 30 ) (51.4 )  (12.4)  
Net (payables to)/ receivables from associates and joint ventures  (1 7 . 2 )  26.8  
During the year ended 31 December 202 5 , the Group provided services to associates and joint ventures amounting to $ 66.3 
million (202 4 : $ 40 .2 million) and purchased goods and services from associates and joint ventures amounting to $ 62.3 million 
(2024 : $ 33.1 million). In  2021, the Group advanced a loan of NOK 282.6 million ( $33.0  million ) to Eidesvik Seven AS, of which 
NOK 190 .2 million ($18.8 million ) remained outstanding at 31 December 202 5 . The loan is repayable in instalments with the 
final amount due on 31 December 202 6.  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025204
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 207]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
204 Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
34 . Related party transactions  
Key management personnel  
Key management personnel include the Board of Directors and the Executive Management Team. Key management 
personnel at 31  December 2025 included 15 individuals (20 24 : 1 5 individuals). The remuneration of these personnel is 
determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Subsea 7 S.A . 
Non -E xecutive Directors  
Details of fees payable  to and shares h eld by  Non -E xecutive Directors for the year ended 31 December 20 25 are disclosed in 
the Remuneration Report on pages 65  to 69. 
Key management (Executive Management Team)  
Payments made  by the Group in relation  to the Executive Management Team during the year w ere as follows:  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec (a) 
202 4  
31 Dec (a) 
Salaries and other short - term employee benefits (b)  9.7 8.1  
Share - based payments (c)  2.3 1.1  
Post - employment benefits (d)  0.3  0.2  
Total  12.3  9.4  
(a)  Amounts represent payments made to members of the Executive Management Team and  the  associated costs incurred by the Group.   
(b)  Salaries and other short - term employee benefits represent payments made during the year in respect of base salary, short - term bonus payments, 
other short - term  remuneration, other short - term benefits, including private healthcare and car allowances, and the associated social security 
contributions made by the Group.   
(c)  Share- based payments r epresent the market value of the shares transferred to the participants during the year . Shares transferred represent 
performance shares which vested under the 2018 and 2022 Long Term I ncentive Plans . Refer to the Remuneration Report on pages 65  to 69 for 
details of the plan.  
(d)  Post - employment benefits represent the cash value of defined pension contribution payments made by the Group during the year.   
Remuneration for the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
Total remuneration for the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer is disclosed in the Remuneration Report on 
pages 65  to 69 .  
Shares and performance shares  
Performance shares outstanding and shareholdings held at 31 December 202 5 are disclosed in the Remuneration Report on 
pages 65  to 69. 
Transactions with key management personnel  
During the year, the Executive Management Team were awarded the rights to 213 ,5 00 performance shares under the 
Group ’s 2022 Long  T erm Incentive Plan. Refer to the Remuneration Report on pages 65  to 69 for details of the plan.   
Transactions with associates and joint ventures  
The Consolidated Balance Sheet includes:  
At (in $ millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Net non - current receivables due from associates and joint ventures (Note 17)  21.4  31.2  
Net trade receivables due from associates and joint ventures (Note 19)  12.8 8.0  
Trade payables due to associates and joint ventures (Note 30 ) (51.4 )  (12.4)  
Net (payables to)/ receivables from associates and joint ventures  (1 7 . 2 )  26.8  
During the year ended 31 December 202 5 , the Group provided services to associates and joint ventures amounting to $ 66.3 
million (202 4 : $ 40 .2 million) and purchased goods and services from associates and joint ventures amounting to $ 62.3 million 
(2024 : $ 33.1 million). In  2021, the Group advanced a loan of NOK 282.6 million ( $33.0  million ) to Eidesvik Seven AS, of which 
NOK 190 .2 million ($18.8 million ) remained outstanding at 31 December 202 5 . The loan is repayable in instalments with the 
final amount due on 31 December 202 6.  
  
 
205 Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
Other related party transactions  
During the year the Group undertook related party transactions, all of which were conducted on an arm ’s length basis.  
The Group is an associate of Siem Industries S.A. and is equity accounted for within Siem Industries S.A. ’s Consolidated 
Financial Statements.   
Transactions with  Siem Industries S.A.  in relation to services provided totalled $0.9 million (2024: $nil).   
Purchases by the Group from companies ultimately controlled by Siem Industries S.A. including vessel charters, provision of 
crew, associated services and property rental totalling $ 28.8 million (202 4 : $ 24. 4 million) were made during the year.  
Income generated by the Group from companies ultimately controlled by Siem Industries S.A. in relation to  property rental 
totalling  $0. 2 million (202 4 : $0. 2 million) was recognised during the year.  
At 31 December 2025 , the Group had outstanding balances payable to companies ultimately controlled by Siem Industries 
S.A. of $ 0.2 million (202 4 : $ 0.1  million).  At 31 December 2025 , the Group had no outstanding balances receivable from 
companies ultimately controlled by Siem Industries S.A. (202 4 : $ nil ).  
Transactions with Treveri S. à r.l., a company controlled by Mr Siem, in relation to services provided totalled $0.1 million 
(2024: $0. 1 million).  
Transactions with Kirk Lovegrove & Co. Limited, a company controlled by Mr Kirk, in relation to services provided totalled 
$2 .1  million  (2024 : $ nil ).  
35 . Share - based payments  
The Group operated two  equity - settled share - based payment schemes during 2025.  
The following table summarises the expense recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement during the year:  
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Expense arising from equity - settled share - based payment transactions:    
2018 Long Term Incentive Plan  0.6  1.4  
2022 Long Term Incentive Plan  8 . 1  4.8  
Total  8. 7 6.2  
Equity - settled share - based payment schemes  
Details regarding the 2018 Long  T erm Incentive Plan (2018 LTIP Plan) and the 202 2 Long T erm Incentive Plan  (2022 LTIP Plan) , 
including number of shares transferred to participants, are disclosed within the Remuneration Report on pages 65  to 69 .  
The IFRS 2 ‘Share - based Payments ’ fair value of each performance share granted under the 2018  and 2022  LTIP  Plans  is 
estimated as of the grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation model with weighted average assumptions as follows:  
For the year ended  
202 5  
31 Dec   
202 4  
31 Dec   
Weighted average share price at grant date (in $)  20.78  16.35  
TSR performance – Weighted average fair value at grant date (in $)   10.73  9.79  
ROAIC performance – Weighted average fair value at grant date (in $)  16.97  14.25  
CCR performance – Weighted average fair value at grant date (in $)  16.97  14.25  
Expected volatility  35%  42%  
Risk - free rate  3.79%  3.17%  
Dividend yield  5.2%  3.50%  
The expected share price volatility over the performance period is estimated from the Company ’s historical share price volatility. 
The award fair values were adjusted to recognise that participants are not entitled to receive dividend equivalent payments.  
Both  non - market Return on Average Invested Capital (ROAIC) and C ash C onversion R atio (CCR)  performance condition s are 
not incorporated into the grant date fair value. The value of each award will be adjusted at e ach  reporting date to reflect the 
Group ’s current expectation of the number of performance shares which will vest under the non - market ROAIC and C CR  
performance condition s. 
Upon vesting, the Group  will withhold an amount for an employee ’s tax obligation associated with a share - based payment and 
transfer that amount, in cash, to the relevant tax authority on the employee ’s behalf. In 20 25 , t wo  awards vested  under the 2018 
and 2022 LTIP scheme s . T he total tax transferred to the relevant authorities was $ 5.4 million (20 24 : $ 3.0 million). Of this 
total , $1.6 million was i n relation to employee social security contributions and  $3.8 million was in relation to income tax.   
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 205
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 208]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
206 Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
 
36 . Retirement benefit obligations  
The Group operates both defined contribution and defined benefit pension plans.  
The Group’s contributions under the defined contribution pension plans are determined as a percentage of individual 
employees’ pensionable salaries. The expense relating to these plans for the year was $75.5 million (2024: $71.1 million).  
The Group operates an unfunded defined benefit pension plan in France which is called the indemnités de fin de carrière 
(retirement indemnity plan) and is pursuant to applicable French legislation and labour agreements in force in the industry.  
The number of employees enrolled in the plan at 31 December 2025 was 657 (2024: 678).  A lump - sum payment is made to 
employees upon retirement based on length of service, employment category and the employee’s final salary. The obligation 
is unfunded and uninsured, as is standard practice in France. Since the retirement indemnity plan is based upon specific 
lengths of service, categories and values set by French legislation and collective agreements there is no specific trust or 
internal governance in place for this plan.  
Changes in the defined benefit obligation  
The following table provides a reconciliation of the changes in the retirement benefit obligation:  
(in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Defined benefit obligation    
At year beginning  (8.1)   (8.4)  
Amounts charged to the Consolidated Income Statement:    
Service costs  (0.8)   (0.8)  
Past service costs  (3.0)  –  
Interest costs  (0.3)   (0.3)  
Sub - total  (4.1)   (1.1)  
Remeasurement (losses) /gains  recognised in Other Comprehensive Income:    
Actuarial changes arising from changes in demographic assumptions  (1.5)  0.6  
Actuarial changes arising from changes in financial assumptions  1.1 0.2  
Experience adjustments  (0.2)  0.1  
Sub - total  (0.6)  0.9  
Benefits paid  0.4  –  
Exchange differences  (1.4)  0.5  
At year end  (13.8)   (8.1)  
At  31 December 2025, the retirement benefit obligation for the unfunded pension scheme of $13.8 million (2024: $8.1 million) 
is recognised as a non - current liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.  
Future cash flows 
The estimated contributions expected to be paid into the defined benefit plan during 2026 are $0.4 million (202 5 : $0.3 million).  
Significant actuarial assumptions 
The principal assumptions used to determine the present value of the defined benefit obligation were as follows:  
 
(in %)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Discount rate  4.0 3.4  
 
Sensitivity analysis 
A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant assumptions at 31 December 2025 is shown below. The sensitivity analysis 
has been determined based on a method that extrapolates the impact on the net defined benefit obligation as a result of 
reasonable changes in key assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting p eriod.  
(in $ millions)   Discount rate  
Sensitivity level    0.25% increase  0.25% decrease  
Impact on the net defined benefit obligation    0.4  (0.4)  
 
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025206
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 209]
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED  
206 Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
 
36 . Retirement benefit obligations  
The Group operates both defined contribution and defined benefit pension plans.  
The Group’s contributions under the defined contribution pension plans are determined as a percentage of individual 
employees’ pensionable salaries. The expense relating to these plans for the year was $75.5 million (2024: $71.1 million).  
The Group operates an unfunded defined benefit pension plan in France which is called the indemnités de fin de carrière 
(retirement indemnity plan) and is pursuant to applicable French legislation and labour agreements in force in the industry.  
The number of employees enrolled in the plan at 31 December 2025 was 657 (2024: 678).  A lump - sum payment is made to 
employees upon retirement based on length of service, employment category and the employee’s final salary. The obligation 
is unfunded and uninsured, as is standard practice in France. Since the retirement indemnity plan is based upon specific 
lengths of service, categories and values set by French legislation and collective agreements there is no specific trust or 
internal governance in place for this plan.  
Changes in the defined benefit obligation  
The following table provides a reconciliation of the changes in the retirement benefit obligation:  
(in $ millions)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Defined benefit obligation    
At year beginning  (8.1)   (8.4)  
Amounts charged to the Consolidated Income Statement:    
Service costs  (0.8)   (0.8)  
Past service costs  (3.0)  –  
Interest costs  (0.3)   (0.3)  
Sub - total  (4.1)   (1.1)  
Remeasurement (losses) /gains  recognised in Other Comprehensive Income:    
Actuarial changes arising from changes in demographic assumptions  (1.5)  0.6  
Actuarial changes arising from changes in financial assumptions  1.1  0.2  
Experience adjustments  (0.2)  0.1  
Sub - total  (0.6)  0.9  
Benefits paid  0.4  –  
Exchange differences  (1.4)  0.5  
At year end  (13.8)   (8.1)  
At  31 December 2025, the retirement benefit obligation for the unfunded pension scheme of $13.8 million (2024: $8.1 million) 
is recognised as a non - current liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.  
Future cash flows 
The estimated contributions expected to be paid into the defined benefit plan during 2026 are $0.4 million (202 5 : $0.3 million).  
Significant actuarial assumptions 
The principal assumptions used to determine the present value of the defined benefit obligation were as follows:  
 
(in %)  
2025  
31 Dec  
2024  
31 Dec  
Discount rate  4.0 3.4  
 
Sensitivity analysis 
A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant assumptions at 31 December 2025 is shown below. The sensitivity analysis 
has been determined based on a method that extrapolates the impact on the net defined benefit obligation as a result of 
reasonable changes in key assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting p eriod.  
(in $ millions)   Discount rate  
Sensitivity level    0.25% increase  0.25% decrease  
Impact on the net defined benefit obligation    0.4  (0.4)  
 
  
 
207 Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
37 . Deferred revenue 
At (in $ millions)  
202 5 
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Advances received from clients  18.6 27.1  
Advances received from clients include amounts received before the related work is performed on day - rate contracts and 
amounts paid by clients in advance of work commencing on fixed - price  contracts.  
38 . Events after the reporting period 
Dividend  
At the Annual General Meeting on 12 May 2026, the Board of Directors will propose a dividend  of NOK 13.00 per share, 
equating to approximately $400 million, payable in May 2026. The proposed dividend comprises an annual dividend equating 
to approximately $350 million, subject to approval at the Annual General Meeting, and an interim dividend of approximately $5 0 
million which was approved by the Board of Directors on 25 February 2026 and will be ratified at the Annual General Meeting.  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 207
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 210]
N OTES TO THE C ONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  CONTINUED  
 
208  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25 
39. Wholly-owned subsidiaries 
Subsea 7 S.A. had the following wholly - owned subsidiaries at 31 December 20 25. 
Name  Registered in  Nature of business  
4Subsea AS  Norway  General Trading  
4Subsea Astori AS  Norway  General Trading  
4Subsea Do Brasil Projetos e Servicos de Integridade Subsea Ltda  Brazil  General Trading  
4Subsea UK Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Acergy B.V.  Netherlands  Holding  
Acergy France S.A.S.  France  General Trading  
Acergy Holdings (Gibraltar) Limited (a)  Gibraltar  Special Purpose  
Aquarius Solutions Inc.  Canada  General Trading  
Astori Spółka z.o.o.  Poland  General Trading  
Daymark Canada Company  Canada  General Trading  
Daymark Energy Advisors Inc  US  General Trading  
Evolv Energies Limited (formerly Aurora Environmental Limited)  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Magellanic Offshore Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Marinza S.A. (formerly ENMAR S.A.)  Mozambique  General Trading  
Nigerstar 7 FZE  Nigeria  General Trading  
Nigerstar 7 Limited  Nigeria  General Trading  
Ocean Geo Solutions, Inc.  US  General Trading  
Pelagic Nigeria Limited  Nigeria  Holding  
Pioneer Lining Technology Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
PT. Subsea 7 Manufaktur Indonesia  Indonesia  General Trading  
Seaway 7 AS  Norway  Holding  
Seaway 7 Denmark A/S  Denmark  General Trading  
Seaway 7 Engineering B.V.  Netherlands  General Trading  
Seaway 7 Germany GmbH (formerly Seaway Offshore Cables GmbH)  Germany  General Trading  
Seaway 7 Heavy Transport AS  Norway  General Trading  
Seaway 7 Holding NL B.V.  Netherlands  Holding  
Seaway 7 Korea Co., Ltd (formerly Subsea 7 Korea Co., Ltd)  South Korea  General Trading  
Seaway 7 Management AS  Norway  General Trading  
Seaway 7 Norway AS  Norway  General Trading  
Seaway 7 Offshore Contractors B.V.  Netherlands  General Trading  
Seaway 7 Offshore Crew B.V.  Netherlands  General Trading  
Seaway 7 Offshore Installation AS (formerly VOI Option 1 - 4 AS)  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Seaway 7 Treasury Limited  United Kingdom  Special Purpose  
Seaway 7 UK Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Seaway 7 US Inc. (formerly SHL Contracting US Inc.)  US  General Trading  
Seaway 7 Vessels B.V.  Netherlands  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Aimery AS  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Albatross AS  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Alfa Lift AS (formerly OHT Alfa Lift AS)  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Eagle AS  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Falcon AS  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Hawk AS  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Heavy Lifting Contracting Limited  Cyprus  General Trading  
Seaway Heavy Lifting Holding Limited  Cyprus  Holding  
Seaway Heavy Lifting Limited  Cyprus  General Trading  
Seaway Heavy Lifting Shipping Limited  Cyprus  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Moxie AS  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Osprey AS  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Phoenix AS  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Swan AS  Norway  Special Purpose  
Seaway Ventus AS  Norway  Special Purpose  
Sevenseas Contractors S. de R.L. de C.V.  Mexico   General Trading   
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025208
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 211]
N OTES TO THE C ONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  CONTINUED  
 
208  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25 
39. Wholly-owned subsidiaries 
Subsea 7 S.A. had the following wholly - owned subsidiaries at 31 December 20 25. 
Name  Registered in  Nature of business  
4Subsea AS  Norway  General Trading  
4Subsea Astori AS  Norway  General Trading  
4Subsea Do Brasil Projetos e Servicos de Integridade Subsea Ltda  Brazil  General Trading  
4Subsea UK Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Acergy B.V.  Netherlands  Holding  
Acergy France S.A.S.  France  General Trading  
Acergy Holdings (Gibraltar) Limited (a)  Gibraltar  Special Purpose  
Aquarius Solutions Inc.  Canada  General Trading  
Astori Spółka z.o.o.  Poland  General Trading  
Daymark Canada Company  Canada  General Trading  
Daymark Energy Advisors Inc  US  General Trading  
Evolv Energies Limited (formerly Aurora Environmental Limited)  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Magellanic Offshore Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Marinza S.A. (formerly ENMAR S.A.)  Mozambique  General Trading  
Nigerstar 7 FZE  Nigeria  General Trading  
Nigerstar 7 Limited  Nigeria  General Trading  
Ocean Geo Solutions, Inc.  US  General Trading  
Pelagic Nigeria Limited  Nigeria  Holding  
Pioneer Lining Technology Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
PT. Subsea 7 Manufaktur Indonesia  Indonesia  General Trading  
Seaway 7 AS  Norway  Holding  
Seaway 7 Denmark A/S  Denmark  General Trading  
Seaway 7 Engineering B.V.  Netherlands  General Trading  
Seaway 7 Germany GmbH (formerly Seaway Offshore Cables GmbH)  Germany  General Trading  
Seaway 7 Heavy Transport AS  Norway  General Trading  
Seaway 7 Holding NL B.V.  Netherlands  Holding  
Seaway 7 Korea Co., Ltd (formerly Subsea 7 Korea Co., Ltd)  South Korea  General Trading  
Seaway 7 Management AS  Norway  General Trading  
Seaway 7 Norway AS  Norway  General Trading  
Seaway 7 Offshore Contractors B.V.  Netherlands  General Trading  
Seaway 7 Offshore Crew B.V.  Netherlands  General Trading  
Seaway 7 Offshore Installation AS (formerly VOI Option 1 - 4 AS)  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Seaway 7 Treasury Limited  United Kingdom  Special Purpose  
Seaway 7 UK Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Seaway 7 US Inc. (formerly SHL Contracting US Inc.)  US  General Trading  
Seaway 7 Vessels B.V.  Netherlands  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Aimery AS  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Albatross AS  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Alfa Lift AS (formerly OHT Alfa Lift AS)  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Eagle AS  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Falcon AS  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Hawk AS  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Heavy Lifting Contracting Limited  Cyprus  General Trading  
Seaway Heavy Lifting Holding Limited  Cyprus  Holding  
Seaway Heavy Lifting Limited  Cyprus  General Trading  
Seaway Heavy Lifting Shipping Limited  Cyprus  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Moxie AS  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Osprey AS  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Phoenix AS  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Seaway Swan AS  Norway  Special Purpose  
Seaway Ventus AS  Norway  Special Purpose  
Sevenseas Contractors S. de R.L. de C.V.  Mexico   General Trading   
  
 
 
209 Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
 
 
Name  Registered in  Nature of business  
SHL Stanislav Yudin Limited  Cyprus  Vessel Owning  
SO France S.A.  France  Special Purpose  
Subsea 7 (Guyana) Incorporated  Guyana  General Trading  
Subsea 7 (ME) Pte Limited  Singapore  General Trading  
Subsea 7 (Singapore) Pte Limited   Singapore  General Trading  
Subsea 7 (Trinidad & Tobago) LLC  Trinidad & Tobago  Dormant  
Subsea 7 (UK Service Company) Limited (a)  United Kingdom  Corporate Service  
Subsea 7 (US) LLC  US  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Angola S.A.S.  France  Special Purpose  
Subsea 7 Asia Pacific Sdn Bhd  Malaysia  Special Purpose  
Subsea 7 Australia Contracting Pty Ltd  Australia  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Blue Space Investments S.A.S.  France  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Blue Space Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Canada Inc.  Canada  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Chartering (UK) Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Crewing Limited  United Kingdom  Special Purpose  
Subsea 7 Crewing Services Pte. Ltd.  Singapore  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Deep Sea Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Subsea 7 do Brasil Serviços Ltda  Brazil  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Engineering France S.A.S.  France  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Engineering Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Finance (UK) PLC  United Kingdom  Special Purpose  
Subsea 7 Holding Norway AS  Norway  Holding  
Subsea 7 Holdings (UK) Limited  United Kingdom  Holding  
Subsea 7 Holdings (US) Inc.  US  Holding  
Subsea 7 International Contracting Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Subsea 7 International Holdings (UK) Limited (a)  United Kingdom  Holding  
Subsea 7 i - Tech Brasil Ltda   Brazil  General Trading  
Subsea 7 i - Tech Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Subsea 7 i - Tech Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V.  Mexico  General Trading  
Subsea 7 i - Tech US Inc.  US  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Luanda Ltd (b)  Gibraltar  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Marine (US) Inc.  US  Dormant  
Subsea 7 Marine LLC  US  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V.  Mexico  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Middle East FZ - LLC  United Arab Emirates  Special Purpose  
Subsea 7 Moçambique, Limitada  Mozambique  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Navica AS  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Subsea 7 Nigeria Limited  Nigeria  General Trading  
Subsea 7 NL B.V.  Netherlands  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Norway AS  Norway  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Offshore Resources (UK) Limited  United Kingdom  Vessel Owning  
Subsea 7 Pipeline Production Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Port Isabel LLC  US  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Portugal Unipessoal Limitada  Portugal  General Trading  
Subsea 7 ROV UK Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Saudi Arabia Limited  Saudi Arabia  General Trading  
Subsea 7 S éné gal SAS Senegal  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Services (Singapore) Pte Limited  Singapore  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Servicos Offshore S.A.  Brazil  Holding  
Subsea 7 Shipping Limited (b)  Isle of Man  Vessel Owning  
 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 209
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 212]
N OTES TO THE C ONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  CONTINUED  
210  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
39. Wholly-owned subsidiaries continued  
Name  Registered in  Nature of business  
Subsea 7 Singapore Contracting Pte Limited  Singapore  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Treasury (UK) Limited  United Kingdom  Special Purpose  
Subsea 7 Vessel Owner AS  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Subsea 7 West Africa Contracting Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Subsea Seven Doha Oil & Gas Services and Trading LLC  Qatar  General Trading  
Swagelining Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Tartaruga Insurance Limited  Isle of Man  Special Purpose  
Thames International Enterprise Limited  United Kingdom  Special Purpose  
Xodus Academy Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Xodus DMCC  United Arab Emirates  General Trading  
Xodus Green Light Pty Limited  Australia  General Trading  
Xodus Greenfuel Development Company Pty Ltd  Australia  Special Purpose  
Xodus Group (Holdings) Limited  United Kingdom  Holding  
Xodus Group A/S  Norway  Dormant  
Xodus Group B.V.  Netherlands  General Trading  
Xodus  Group Consultants Sdn. Bhd  Malaysia  General Trading  
Xodus Group Doha LLC  Qatar  General Trading  
Xodus Group Inc  US  General Trading  
Xodus Group Japan  Japan  General Trading  
Xodus Group Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Xodus  Group Pty Limited  Australia  General Trading  
ZNM Nigeria Limited  Nigeria  Dormant  
(a)  Wholly - owned subsidiaries directly owned by the parent company, Subsea 7 S.A.  
(b)  UK tax resident.  
For all entities, except for those identified in note (b), the principal place of business is consistent with the place of registration.  
All subsidiary undertakings are included in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group. The proportion of the voting 
rights in the subsidiary undertakings held directly by the immediate parent company does  not differ from the proportion of 
shares held. The parent company does not have any shareholdings in the preference shares of subsidiary undertakings 
included in the Group.  
Details of the addresses of the registered office of each of the wholly- owned subsidiaries are available on request from 
Subsea 7 S.A., registered office, 412F, route d ’Esch, L - 1471  Luxembour g.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025210
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 213]
N OTES TO THE C ONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  CONTINUED  
210  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
39. Wholly-owned subsidiaries continued  
Name  Registered in  Nature of business  
Subsea 7 Singapore Contracting Pte Limited  Singapore  General Trading  
Subsea 7 Treasury (UK) Limited  United Kingdom  Special Purpose  
Subsea 7 Vessel Owner AS  Norway  Vessel Owning  
Subsea 7 West Africa Contracting Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Subsea Seven Doha Oil & Gas Services and Trading LLC  Qatar  General Trading  
Swagelining Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Tartaruga Insurance Limited  Isle of Man  Special Purpose  
Thames International Enterprise Limited  United Kingdom  Special Purpose  
Xodus Academy Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Xodus DMCC  United Arab Emirates  General Trading  
Xodus Green Light Pty Limited  Australia  General Trading  
Xodus Greenfuel Development Company Pty Ltd  Australia  Special Purpose  
Xodus Group (Holdings) Limited  United Kingdom  Holding  
Xodus Group A/S  Norway  Dormant  
Xodus Group B.V.  Netherlands  General Trading  
Xodus  Group Consultants Sdn. Bhd  Malaysia  General Trading  
Xodus Group Doha LLC  Qatar  General Trading  
Xodus Group Inc  US  General Trading  
Xodus Group Japan  Japan  General Trading  
Xodus Group Limited  United Kingdom  General Trading  
Xodus  Group Pty Limited  Australia  General Trading  
ZNM Nigeria Limited  Nigeria  Dormant  
(a)  Wholly - owned subsidiaries directly owned by the parent company, Subsea 7 S.A.  
(b)  UK tax resident.  
For all entities, except for those identified in note (b), the principal place of business is consistent with the place of registration.  
All subsidiary undertakings are included in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group. The proportion of the voting 
rights in the subsidiary undertakings held directly by the immediate parent company does  not differ from the proportion of 
shares held. The parent company does not have any shareholdings in the preference shares of subsidiary undertakings 
included in the Group.  
Details of the addresses of the registered office of each of the wholly- owned subsidiaries are available on request from 
Subsea 7 S.A., registered office, 412F, route d ’Esch, L - 1471  Luxembour g.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION –                          
A LTERNATIVE P ERFORMANCE                               
M EASURES (APM s) 
211  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
The Group utilise s Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) when evaluating financial performance, financial position and 
cash flows which are not defined or specified under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as adopted by the 
EU. Management considers that these non- IFRS measures, which are not a substitute for n or superior to IFRS measures, 
provide stakeholders with additional information to further understand the Group ’ s financial performance, financial position 
and cash flows.  
APM   Description   
Closest equivalent 
IFRS  measure   
Adjustments to reconcile to  
primary  financial statements   Rationale for utilising APM  
Income Statement APMs  
Adjusted  
EBITDA and 
Adjusted  
EBITDA 
margin  
 Adjusted earnings 
before interest, 
taxation, depreciation 
and amortisation 
represents net 
income/(loss) before 
additional specific 
items that are 
considered to impact 
the comparison of the 
Group’s performance 
either period - on - period 
or with other 
businesses.   
Adjusted EBITDA 
margin is defined as 
Adjusted EBITDA 
divided by revenue, 
expressed as a 
percentage.  
 Net 
income/(loss)  
 Net income/(loss) adjusted 
to  exclude depreciation and 
amortisation costs, including 
amortisation of prepaid mobilisation 
expenses and amortisation of 
intangible assets, impairment charges 
or impairment reversals, gains and 
losses on disposal of property, plant 
and equipment and maturity of 
lease liabilities, finance income, 
remeasurement gains and losses 
on  business combinations, other 
gains and losses (including foreign 
exchange gains  and losses, gains 
on  disposal of subsidiaries, gains and 
losses resulti
ng from remeasurement 
of contingent consideration, gains on 
distributions and bargain purchase 
gains on business combinations), 
finance costs and taxation.  
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted  
EBITDA margin are important indicators 
of the operational strength and the 
performance of  the Group and provide 
a meaningful comparative for its 
business units. The presentation of 
Adjusted EBITDA is also useful as it is 
similar to measures used by compani es 
within Subsea7’s peer group. Adjusted 
EBITDA margin may also be a useful 
ratio to compare performance to the 
Group’s competitors and is widely  
used by shareholders and analysts. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Adjusted EBIT DA and Adjusted EBITDA 
margin as presented by the Group may 
not be comparable to similarly titled 
measures reported by other companies.  
Effective tax 
rate  (ETR)  
 The effective tax  
rate is expressed as a 
percentage, calculated 
as the taxation 
expense/(credit) 
divided by the 
income/(loss) 
before  taxes.  
 Taxation   n/a   Provides a useful and relevant 
measure of the effectiveness of 
the  Group’s tax strategy and 
tax  planning.  
Balance Sheet APM  
Capital 
e mployed  
 Capital employed is 
defined as total assets 
less current liabilities.  
 No direct 
equivalent  
 Calculated as total assets less 
current liabilities.  
 Capital employed is a relevant metric 
for shareholders and analysts when 
evaluating the level of capital 
employed by the Group to generate 
income.  
Net 
cash/(debt) 
excluding 
lease liabilities 
and  net 
cash/(debt) 
including lease 
liabilities  
 Net cash/(debt) is 
defined as cash and 
cash equivalents less 
borrowings. The Group 
utilises both net cash/  
(debt) excluding lease 
liabilities and net cash/  
(debt) including lease 
liabilities as financial 
position  measures.  
 No direct 
equivalent  
 Calculated as cash and cash 
equivalent less borrowings (current 
and non- current). The  
measure may 
exclude lease liabilities (current and 
non- current) or include them.  
 Net cash/(debt) provides a 
meaningful and reliable basis 
to  evaluate the financial strength 
and  liquidity of the  Group.  
Cash flow APMs  
Cash 
conversion  
 Cash conversion is 
defined as net cash 
generated from/(used 
in) operating activities, 
add back income taxes 
paid, divided by 
Adjusted EBITDA.  
 No direct 
equivalent  
 Calculated as net cash generated 
from/(used in) operating activities 
in  the Group’s Consolidated Cash 
Flow Statement, add back income 
taxes paid and divide  
by Adjusted  EBITDA.  
 Cash conversion is a financial 
management tool to determine 
the  efficiency of the Group’s 
ability  to  generate cash from 
its  operating  activities.   
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 211
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 214]
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  – APMS CONTINUED  
212  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
APM   Description   
Closest equivalent 
IFRS  measure   
Adjustments to reconcile to  
primary  financial statements   Rationale for utilising APM  
Free cash flow   Free cash flow is 
defined as net cash 
generated from/( used 
in) operating activities 
less purchases  
of property, plant  
and equipment 
and  intangible assets.  
 No direct 
equivalent  
 Calculated as net cash generated 
from/(used in) operating activities 
from the Group’s Consolidated 
Cash Flow Statement less 
purchases of property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets.  
 Free cash flow is a relevant  
metric for shareholders and  
analysts when determining 
cash  available to the Group to 
invest  or potentially distribute.  
Other APMs  
Backlog   Backlog represents 
expected future 
revenue from projects. 
Awards to associates 
and joint ventures are 
excluded from backlog 
figures, unless 
otherwise stated. 
Despite being  a non -
IFRS term, the Group 
recognises backlog 
in  accordance with the 
requirements of  IFRS 
15, ‘Revenue from 
Contracts with 
Customers’, which 
represents revenue 
expected to be 
recognised in the 
future related to 
performance 
obligations which are 
unsatisfied, or partially 
unsatisfied, at 
the  reporting date.  
 Transaction 
price allocated 
to the  remaining  
performance 
obligations  
 n/a   Utilising the term backlog is in  
accordance with expected industry -
wide terminology. It is similarly  
used by companies within Subsea7’s 
peer group and is a helpful term for 
those evaluating companies within 
Subsea7’s industry. Backlog may also 
be useful to compare performance 
with competitors and is widely used 
by shareholders and analysts. 
Notwithstandin g this, backlog 
presented by the Group may  
not be comparable to similarly  
titled measures reported by  
other companies.  
Order intake   Order intake 
represents new 
project awards plus 
variation orders on 
existing projects.  
 No direct 
equivalent  
 n/a   Order intake is in accordance with  
expected industry - wide terminology 
and primarily enables  the book - to - bill 
APM to be calculated.  
Book - to - bill  
ratio  
 Book - to - bill ratio 
represents total  
order intake divided  
by revenue for the  
reporting period.  
 No direct 
equivalent  
 n/a   The book - to - bill metric is widely used 
in the energy sector by shareholders 
and analysts and  is a  helpful term for 
those evaluating companies within 
Subsea7’s industry. Notwithstanding 
this, the book - to - bill ratio presented 
by the Group may not be comparab le 
to similarly titled measures reported 
by other companies.  
 
 
 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025212
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 215]
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  – APMS CONTINUED  
212  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
APM   Description   
Closest equivalent 
IFRS  measure   
Adjustments to reconcile to  
primary  financial statements   Rationale for utilising APM  
Free cash flow   Free cash flow is 
defined as net cash 
generated from/( used 
in) operating activities 
less purchases  
of property, plant  
and equipment 
and  intangible assets.  
 No direct 
equivalent  
 Calculated as net cash generated 
from/(used in) operating activities 
from the Group’s Consolidated 
Cash Flow Statement less 
purchases of property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets.  
 Free cash flow is a relevant  
metric for shareholders and  
analysts when determining 
cash  available to the Group to 
invest  or potentially distribute.  
Other APMs  
Backlog   Backlog represents 
expected future 
revenue from projects. 
Awards to associates 
and joint ventures are 
excluded from backlog 
figures, unless 
otherwise stated. 
Despite being  a non -
IFRS term, the Group 
recognises backlog 
in  accordance with the 
requirements of  IFRS 
15, ‘Revenue from 
Contracts with 
Customers’, which 
represents revenue 
expected to be 
recognised in the 
future related to 
performance 
obligations which are 
unsatisfied, or partially 
unsatisfied, at 
the  reporting date.  
 Transaction 
price allocated 
to the  remaining  
performance 
obligations  
 n/a   Utilising the term backlog is in  
accordance with expected industry -
wide terminology. It is similarly  
used by companies within Subsea7’s 
peer group and is a helpful term for 
those evaluating companies within 
Subsea7’s industry. Backlog may also 
be useful to compare performance 
with competitors and is widely used 
by shareholders and analysts. 
Notwithstandin g this, backlog 
presented by the Group may  
not be comparable to similarly  
titled measures reported by  
other companies.  
Order intake   Order intake 
represents new 
project awards plus 
variation orders on 
existing projects.  
 No direct 
equivalent  
 n/a   Order intake is in accordance with  
expected industry - wide terminology 
and primarily enables  the book - to - bill 
APM to be calculated.  
Book - to - bill  
ratio  
 Book - to - bill ratio 
represents total  
order intake divided  
by revenue for the  
reporting period.  
 No direct 
equivalent  
 n/a   The book - to - bill metric is widely used 
in the energy sector by shareholders 
and analysts and  is a  helpful term for 
those evaluating companies within 
Subsea7’s industry. Notwithstanding 
this, the book - to - bill ratio presented 
by the Group may not be comparab le 
to similarly titled measures reported 
by other companies.  
 
 
 
 
213  Subsea  7 S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
APM calculations  
Reconciliation of net operating income to Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin  
For the year ended (in $ millions)    
202 5  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
202 4  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
Net operating income    770.7  445.5  
Depreciation, amortisation and mobilisation    679.2  622.5  
Impairment of goodwill    17. 6 6.2  
Impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets    13.6  15.8  
Impairment of investments in associates and joint ventures    1.7  –  
Net (gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and maturity of lease liabilities   (2.4)  0.1  
Adjusted EBITDA    1,480. 4 1,090.1  
Revenue    7, 086.3  6,837.0  
Adjusted EBITDA margin    20.9%  15.9%  
Reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin 
For the year ended (in $ millions)    
202 5  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
202 4  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
Net income    404.2  216.6  
Depreciation, amortisation and mobilisation    679.2  622.5  
Impairment of goodwill    17. 6 6.2  
Impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets    13.6  15.8  
Impairment of investments in associates and joint ventures    1.7  –  
Net (gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and maturity of lease liabilities   (2.4)  0.1  
Finance income    (22.8)  (24.4)  
Other gains and losses    84.4  0.5  
Finance costs    87.3  101.2  
Taxation    217 .6 151.6  
Adjusted EBITDA    1,480. 4 1,090.1  
Revenue    7, 086.3  6,837.0  
Adjusted EBITDA margin    20.9%  15.9%  
Effective tax rate 
For the year ended (in $ millions)    
202 5  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
202 4  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
Taxation    ( 217 .6)  (151.6)  
Income before taxation    62 1 . 8  368.2  
Effective tax rate (percentage)    35.0 % 41.2%  
Capital employed  
At (in $ millions)    
2025  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
2024  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
Total assets    8,03 0.5 7,680.4  
Current liabilities (a)    (2, 81 3.0 )  (2,433.9)  
Capital employed    5, 21 7.5 5,246.5  
(a) Current liabilities at  31 December 2025 exclude non - current lease liabilities of $5.4 million recognised within the disposal group classified as held 
for sale   
Net cash/(debt ) excluding lease liabilities and net cash/(debt ) including lease liabilities  
At (in $ millions)    
202 5  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
202 4  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
Cash and cash equivalents    969.7  575.3  
Total borrowings    (583.7)  (722.0)  
Net cash/( debt ) excluding lease liabilities    386.0  (146.7)  
Total lease liabilities (a)    ( 365.2 )  (454.9)  
Net cash/( debt ) including lease liabilities    20.8 (601.6)  
(a)  Total lease liabilities at  31 December 2025 are inclusive of lease liabilities of $15.4 million recognised within the disposal group classified as held 
for sale.  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 213
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 216]
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  – APMS CONTINUED  
214  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
Cash conversion   
For the year ended (in $ millions)    
202 5  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
202 4  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
Net c ash generated from operating activities    1,470.7 931.4  
Income taxes paid    198.6  77.0  
   1,669.3  1,008.4  
Adjusted EBITDA    1,480. 4 1,090.1  
Cash conversion    1.1x  0.9x  
Free cash flow 
For the year ended (in $ millions)    
202 5  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
202 4  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
Net c ash generated from operating activities    1,470.7 931.4  
Purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets    (281.0)  (348.7)  
Free cash flow    1,189.7  582.7  
Backlog  
The IFRS 15 ‘ Revenue from Contracts with Customers ’ disclosure in relation to remaining performance obligations is 
contained in Note  22 ‘ Construction c ontracts ’. Unless otherwise stated, backlog  and remaining performance obligations, 
as  required by IFRS  15, will  be the same number. Backlog by year of execution is as follows : 
At (in $ millions)    
202 5  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
202 4  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
Total backlog    13,768.9 11,174.7  
Expected year of utilisation:      
2025    – 5,811.5  
2026     6,885.8  3,355.2  
2027     4,253.9  1,529.2  
2028     2,129.4  478.8  
2029 and thereafter     499.8  – 
Backlog reconciliation 
For the year ended (in $ millions)    
202 5  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
202 4  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
At year beginning    11,174.7  10,586.8  
Order intake    9,017.5  8,175.6  
Revenue    (7,08 6 . 3 )  (6,837.0)  
Effect of foreign exchange rate movements    66 3 . 0  (750.7)  
At year end    13,768.9  11,174.7  
Order intake 
For the year ended (in $ millions)    
202 5  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
202 4  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
New project awards    7,019.3  6,719.1  
Escalations on existing projects    1,998.2  1,456.5  
Order intake    9,017.5  8,175.6  
Book -to-bill ratio 
For the year ended (in $ millions)    
202 5  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
202 4  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
Order intake    9,017.5  8,175.6  
Revenue    7,08 6 . 3  6,837.0  
Book - to - bill ratio    1.3x  1.2x  
 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025214
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 217]
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  – APMS CONTINUED  
214  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
Cash conversion   
For the year ended (in $ millions)    
202 5  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
202 4  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
Net c ash generated from operating activities    1,470.7 931.4  
Income taxes paid    198.6  77.0  
   1,669.3  1,008.4  
Adjusted EBITDA    1,480. 4 1,090.1  
Cash conversion    1.1x  0.9x  
Free cash flow 
For the year ended (in $ millions)    
202 5  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
202 4  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
Net c ash generated from operating activities    1,470.7  931.4  
Purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets    (281.0)  (348.7)  
Free cash flow    1,189.7  582.7  
Backlog  
The IFRS 15 ‘ Revenue from Contracts with Customers ’ disclosure in relation to remaining performance obligations is 
contained in Note  22 ‘ Construction c ontracts ’. Unless otherwise stated, backlog  and remaining performance obligations, 
as  required by IFRS  15, will  be the same number. Backlog by year of execution is as follows : 
At (in $ millions)    
202 5  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
202 4  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
Total backlog    13,768.9 11,174.7  
Expected year of utilisation:      
2025    – 5,811.5  
2026     6,885.8  3,355.2  
2027     4,253.9  1,529.2  
2028     2,129.4  478.8  
2029 and thereafter     499.8  – 
Backlog reconciliation 
For the year ended (in $ millions)    
202 5  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
202 4  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
At year beginning    11,174.7  10,586.8  
Order intake    9,017.5  8,175.6  
Revenue    (7,08 6 . 3 )  (6,837.0)  
Effect of foreign exchange rate movements    66 3 . 0  (750.7)  
At year end    13,768.9  11,174.7  
Order intake 
For the year ended (in $ millions)    
202 5  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
202 4  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
New project awards    7,019.3  6,719.1  
Escalations on existing projects    1,998.2  1,456.5  
Order intake    9,017.5  8,175.6  
Book -to-bill ratio 
For the year ended (in $ millions)    
202 5  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
202 4  
31 Dec  
(Unaudited)  
Order intake    9,017.5  8,175.6  
Revenue    7,08 6 . 3  6,837.0  
Book - to - bill ratio    1.3x  1.2x  
 
 
215  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL  
STATEMENTS AND REPORT  
OF THE RÉVISEUR  
D’ ENTREPRISES AGRÉÉ  
FOR YEAR ENDED  
31 DECEMBER 2025 
412F, route d ’ Esch  
L- 1471  
Luxembourg  
R.C.S. Luxembourg No. B43172  
 
 
 
 Page  
Report of the Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé  216 
Balance Sheet  220 
Profit and Loss Account  221 
Notes to the Financial Statements  222 
 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 215
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 218]
REPORT OF THE RÉVISEUR D’ENTREPRISES  AGRÉÉ  
 
216  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25 
To the Shareholders of  
Subsea 7 S.A.  
412F, route d ’Esch  
L- 1471  Luxembourg  
Report on the audit of the financial statements 
Opinion 
We have audited the Financial Statements of Subsea 7 S.A. (the “Company”), included in pages 220 to 2 28, which  comprise 
the Balance Sheet at 31 December 202 5 , the Profit and Loss account for the year then ended , and the notes to the financial 
statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.  
In our opinion, the accompanying Financial Statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company at 3 1 
December 2025 , and of the results of its operations for the year then ended in accordance with Luxembourg legal and 
regulatory requirements relating to the preparation and presentation of the financial statements.  
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with EU Regulation N° 537/2014, the Law of 23 July 2016 on the audit profession 
(“Law of 23 July 2016”) and with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) as adopted for Luxembourg by the “Commission 
de  Surveillance du Secteur Financier” (“CSSF”). Our responsibilities under the EU Regulation Nº 537/2014, the Law of 
23  July  2016 and ISAs as adopted for Luxembourg by the CSSF are further described in the “Responsibilities of the 
“réviseur  d’entreprises agréé” for the audit of the Financial Statements” section of our report. We are also independent of the 
Company in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, including International Independenc e 
Standards, issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (“IESBA Code”) as adopted for Luxembourg by 
the CSSF together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of  the Financial Statements, and have fulfilled 
our other ethical responsibilities under those ethical requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.  
Emphasis of Matter - Merger with Saipem S.p.A. 
We draw your attention to Note 1 ‘Organisation ’ of the Financial Statements which explains that Subsea 7 S.A.  entered into  
a binding merger agreement with Saipem S.p.A. on 2 3 July 2025.  Management expects that the merger will complete in 
the  second half of 2026 subject to conditions precedent including regulatory approvals. Following the effective date of the 
merger, Subsea 7 S.A. will be absorbed by Saipem S.p.A , and the latter entity will be renamed Saipem7 S.p.A. Management 
prepared the Company ’s financi al statements on the going concern basis.  
Our opinion i s not modified in respect of this matter.  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025216
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 219]
REPORT OF THE RÉVISEUR D’ENTREPRISES  AGRÉÉ  
 
216  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25 
To the Shareholders of  
Subsea 7 S.A.  
412F, route d ’Esch  
L- 1471  Luxembourg  
Report on the audit of the financial statements 
Opinion 
We have audited the Financial Statements of Subsea 7 S.A. (the “Company”), included in pages 220 to 2 28, which  comprise 
the Balance Sheet at 31 December 202 5 , the Profit and Loss account for the year then ended , and the notes to the financial 
statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.  
In our opinion, the accompanying Financial Statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company at 3 1 
December 2025 , and of the results of its operations for the year then ended in accordance with Luxembourg legal and 
regulatory requirements relating to the preparation and presentation of the financial statements.  
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with EU Regulation N° 537/2014, the Law of 23 July 2016 on the audit profession 
(“Law of 23 July 2016”) and with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) as adopted for Luxembourg by the “Commission 
de  Surveillance du Secteur Financier” (“CSSF”). Our responsibilities under the EU Regulation Nº 537/2014, the Law of 
23  July  2016 and ISAs as adopted for Luxembourg by the CSSF are further described in the “Responsibilities of the 
“réviseur  d’entreprises agréé” for the audit of the Financial Statements” section of our report. We are also independent of the 
Company in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, including International Independenc e 
Standards, issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants  (“IESBA Code”) as adopted for Luxembourg by 
the CSSF together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of  the Financial Statements, and have fulfilled 
our other ethical responsibilities under those ethical requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.  
Emphasis of Matter - Merger with Saipem S.p.A. 
We draw your attention to Note 1 ‘Organisation ’ of the Financial Statements which explains that Subsea 7 S.A.  entered into  
a binding merger agreement with Saipem S.p.A. on 2 3 July 2025.  Management expects that the merger will complete in 
the  second half of 2026 subject to conditions precedent including regulatory approvals. Following the effective date of the 
merger, Subsea 7 S.A. will be absorbed by Saipem S.p.A , and the latter entity will be renamed Saipem7 S.p.A. Management 
prepared the Company ’s financi al statements on the going concern basis.  
Our opinion i s not modified in respect of this matter.  
  
 
 
217  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
Key audit matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judg ement, were of most significance in our audit of the 
Financial Statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of the audit of the Financial 
Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.  
Key audit matter:  Impairment of investments in affiliated undertakings 
Description of key 
audit matter: 
Subsea 7 S.A., as ultimate parent of the Group, holds shares in affiliated undertakings 
Acergy  Holdings (Gibraltar) Limited, Subsea 7 International Holdings (UK) Limited, Subsea 7 
(UK Service Company) Limited and Seaway 7 AS amounting to an aggregate of $1, 747.2 million 
at 31 December 202 5 as disclosed in Note 3 to the Annual Accounts, inclusive of a value 
adjustment thereon of $ 95 .0 million recognised during the year.  
As stated in Note 2 to the Annual Accounts, the Company performs an annual review of the 
carrying amounts of individual investments with any resulting impairments or impairment 
reversals reflected in the Profit and Loss account in the relevant period.  
Investments in affiliated undertaking s are subject to  an  impairment test when impairment 
indicators are identified. The estimated recoverable amount is calculated as the higher of the 
value - in - use or fair value less costs to sell. The outcome of the impairment review could vary 
significantly if different assumptions were applied in the valuation model.  
The key factors are:  
• the Adjusted EBITDA assumptions taken from the Group’s most recent budgets and plans 
for  the next five years (the “Plan”);  
• the Adjusted EBITDA forecasts and long - term growth rate used beyond the period covered 
by the Plan given the significance of the terminal value cash flows to the total value - in - use, 
also considering the expected impact of climate change;  
• the pre - tax discount rate applied to future cash flows.  
Impairment of shares in affiliated undertakings is considered a key audit matter because of the 
significant judgement involved regarding the assessment of their recoverable amount.  
Our response:  Our audit procedures in relation to the valuation of the investments in affiliated undertakings 
included, among  others:  
We assessed management’s impairment testing by obtaining the supporting model and 
assessing the methodology and key assumptions made:  
• Adjusted EBITDA forecasts – we evaluated management’s Adjusted EBITDA forecasts and 
tested the underlying values used in the calculations by comparing management’s forecast 
to  the latest management approved five- year plan;  
• we assessed actual performance in the year against the prior year budgets to evaluate 
historical forecasting accuracy;  
• long - term growth rate – we compared the rates applied by management to available 
externally developed rates;  
• pre - tax discount rates – we involved our valuations specialists in our evaluation of the 
discount rate to  consider the appropriateness of the rates used;  
• net assets – we agreed the net assets to the financial records of the respective companies;  and  
• we tested the arithmetical accuracy of the models.  
We compared the carrying amount of the investments to their recoverable amount in order to 
assess whether  an impairment or reversal of previously recognised impairment exists.  
We assessed the adequacy and appropriateness of the disclosures in Note 2 and Note 3 of 
the  Annual  Accounts.  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 217
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 220]
REPORT OF THE RÉVISEUR D’ENTREPRISES AGRÉÉ  CONTINUED  
218  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
Other information 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in 
the Management Report on page 137 and the accompanying Corporate Governance Statement from pages 48 to 69 but does 
not  include the Financial Statements and our report of “réviseur d’entreprises agréé” thereon.  
Our opinion on the Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance 
conclusion thereon.  
In connection with our audit of the Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing s o, 
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Financial Statements or our knowledge obtained in 
the  audit or otherwise appears to  be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there 
is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report this fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.  
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and of those charged with governance for the Financial 
Statements 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the Financial Statements in accordance 
with Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements relating to the preparation and presentation of the Financial Statements, 
and for su ch internal control as the Board of Directors determines is necessary to enable the preparation of Financial 
Statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.  
The Board of Directors is also responsible for presenting and marking up the Financial Statements in compliance with 
the  requirements set out in the Delegated Regulation 2019/815 on European Single Electronic Format, as amended 
(“ESEF  Regulation”).  
In preparing the Financial Statements, the Board of Directors is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue 
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounti ng  
unless the Board of  Directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative 
but to do so.  
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.  
Responsibilities of the “réviseur d’entreprises agréé” for the audit of the Financial Statements  
The objectives of our audit are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Financial Statements as a whole are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue a report of the “réviseur d’entreprises agréé” that 
includes o ur opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in 
accordance with EU Regulation N° 537/2014, the Law of 23 July 2016 and with the ISAs as adopted for Luxembourg by 
the  CSSF will always detect a  material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these Financial Statements.  
As part of an audit in accordance with EU Regulation N° 537/2014, the Law of 23 July 2016 and with ISAs as adopted for 
Luxembourg by  the CSSF, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. 
We also:  
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Financial Statements, whether due to fraud or error, design 
and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basi s for our opinion. The  risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for 
one  resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override 
of internal control.  
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in  
the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.  
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the Board of Directors.  
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on 
the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant 
doubt on the Company’s ability to  continue as a goin g concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are 
required to draw attention in our report of the “réviseur d’entreprises agréé” to the related disclosures in the Financial 
Statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence 
obtained up to the date of our report of the “réviseur d’entreprises agréé”. However, future events or conditions may cause 
the Company to cease to continue as  a going concern.  
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Financial Statements, including the disclosures, and whether 
the Financial Statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.  
• Assess whether the Financial Statements have been prepared, in all material respects, in compliance with the requirements 
laid down in  the  ESEF Regulation.  
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit  and  significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.  
 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025218
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 221]
REPORT OF THE RÉVISEUR D’ENTREPRISES AGRÉÉ  CONTINUED  
218  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
Other information 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in 
the Management Report on page 137 and the accompanying Corporate Governance Statement from pages 48 to 69 but does 
not  include the Financial Statements and our report of “réviseur d’entreprises agréé” thereon.  
Our opinion on the Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance 
conclusion thereon.  
In connection with our audit of the Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing s o, 
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Financial Statements or our knowledge obtained in 
the  audit or otherwise appears to  be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there 
is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report this fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.  
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and of those charged with governance for the Financial 
Statements 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the Financial Statements in accordance 
with Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements relating to the preparation and presentation of the Financial Statements, 
and for su ch internal control as the Board of Directors determines is necessary to enable the preparation of Financial 
Statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.  
The Board of Directors is also responsible for presenting and marking up the Financial Statements in compliance with 
the  requirements set out in the Delegated Regulation 2019/815 on European Single Electronic Format, as amended 
(“ESEF  Regulation”).  
In preparing the Financial Statements, the Board of Directors is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue 
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounti ng  
unless the Board of  Directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative 
but to do so.  
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.  
Responsibilities of the “réviseur d’entreprises agréé” for the audit of the Financial Statements  
The objectives of our audit are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Financial Statements as a whole are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue a report of the “réviseur d’entreprises agréé” that 
includes o ur opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in 
accordance with EU Regulation N° 537/2014, the Law of 23 July 2016 and with the ISAs as adopted for Luxembourg by 
the  CSSF will always detect a  material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these Financial Statements.  
As part of an audit in accordance with EU Regulation N° 537/2014, the Law of 23 July 2016 and with ISAs as adopted for 
Luxembourg by  the CSSF, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. 
We also:  
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Financial Statements, whether due to fraud or error, design 
and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basi s for our opinion. The  risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for 
one  resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override 
of internal control.  
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in  
the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.  
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the Board of Directors.  
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on 
the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant 
doubt on the Company’s ability to  continue as a goin g concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are 
required to draw attention in our report of the “réviseur d’entreprises agréé” to the related disclosures in the Financial 
Statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence 
obtained up to the date of our report of the “réviseur d’entreprises agréé”. However, future events or conditions may cause 
the Company to cease to continue as  a going concern.  
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Financial Statements, including the disclosures, and whether 
the Financial Statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.  
• Assess whether the Financial Statements have been prepared, in all material respects, in compliance with the requirements 
laid down in  the  ESEF Regulation.  
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit  and  significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.  
 
 
 
219  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and communicate to them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to 
bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.  
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the Financial Statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. 
We  describe these matters in our report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter.  
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements 
We have been appointed as “réviseur d’entreprises agréé” by the General Meeting of the Shareholders on 8 May 202 5 
and  the duration of  our uninterrupted engagement, including previous renewals and reappointments, is twelve  years.  
The Management Report on page 137 is  consistent with the Financial Statements and has been prepared in accordance with 
applicable legal  requirements.  
The accompanying corporate governance statement on pages 48 to 69 is the  responsibility of the Board of Directors. The 
information required by article 68ter paragraph (1) letters c) and d) of the law of 19 December 2002 on the commercial and 
companies register and on  the accounting records and annual accounts of undertakings, as amended, is consistent with the 
Financial Statements and has been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements.  
We have checked the compliance of the Financial Statements of the Company as at 31 December 202 5 with relevant 
statutory requirements set out in the ESEF Regulation that are applicable to the Financial Statements.  
For the Company, it relates to:  
• Financial Statements prepared in valid xHTML format;  
• The XBRL markup of the Financial Statements using the core taxonomy and the common rules on markups specified in the 
ESEF Regulation . 
In our opinion, the Financial Statements of the Company as at 31 December 202 5 , identified as 222100AIF0CBCY80AH62-
2025-12- 31, have been prepared, in  all material respects, in compliance with the requirements laid down in the ESEF 
Regulation.  
We confirm that the prohibited non - audit services referred to in EU Regulation No 537/2014 were not provided and that we 
remained independent of the Company in conducting the audit.  
 
 
Ernst & Young  
Société anonyme  
Cabinet de révision agréé  
Emmanuel Mareschal  
Luxembourg, 25 February 202 6  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 219
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 222]
 
SUBSEA 7 S.A. BALANCE SHEET  
220  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25 
At (in  $  millions)  Notes  
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Assets     
Fixed assets     
Financial assets     
Shares in affiliated undertakings  3  1,747.2 1,842.2  
Current assets     
Other debtors     
becoming due and payable within one year   0.7  0.4  
Investments     
Own shares  6  60.2  62.7  
Cash at bank and in hand   – –  
Prepayments   0.3  0.4  
Total assets   1,808.4  1,905.7  
Capital, reserves and liabilities     
Capital and reserves     
Subscribed capital  4  599.2  599.2  
Share premium account  4  490.2  628.2  
Reserves     
Legal reserve  4, 5  59.9  59.9  
Reserve for own shares  4, 6  60.2  62.7  
Profit or loss brought forward  4  – 297.3  
Profit or loss for the financial year  4  ( 132 .6)   ( 69.5)  
Total capital and reserves   1,0 76 .9 1,577.8  
Provisions     
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations  7  24.0 18.7  
Creditors     
Trade c reditors     
becoming due and payable within one year   0.5  –  
Amounts owed to affiliated undertakings     
becoming due and payable within one year  8  7 04.9  308.7  
Other creditors     
Tax authorities   – 0.2  
Other creditors     
becoming due and payable within one year   2. 1 0.3  
Total liabilities   73 1.5 327.9  
Total capital, reserves and liabilities   1,808.4  1,905.7  
The accompanying notes on pages 222 to 2 28  form an integral  part of the Financial Statements for Subsea 7 S.A.  
 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025220
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 223]
 
SUBSEA 7 S.A. BALANCE SHEET  
220  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25 
At (in  $  millions)  Notes  
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Assets     
Fixed assets     
Financial assets     
Shares in affiliated undertakings  3  1,747.2 1,842.2  
Current assets     
Other debtors     
becoming due and payable within one year   0.7  0.4  
Investments     
Own shares  6  60.2  62.7  
Cash at bank and in hand   – –  
Prepayments   0.3  0.4  
Total assets   1,808.4  1,905.7  
Capital, reserves and liabilities     
Capital and reserves     
Subscribed capital  4  599.2  599.2  
Share premium account  4  490.2  628.2  
Reserves     
Legal reserve  4, 5  59.9  59.9  
Reserve for own shares  4, 6  60.2  62.7  
Profit or loss brought forward  4  – 297.3  
Profit or loss for the financial year  4  ( 132 .6)   ( 69.5)  
Total capital and reserves   1,0 76 .9 1,577.8  
Provisions     
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations  7  24.0 18.7  
Creditors     
Trade c reditors     
becoming due and payable within one year   0.5  –  
Amounts owed to affiliated undertakings     
becoming due and payable within one year  8  7 04.9  308.7  
Other creditors     
Tax authorities   – 0.2  
Other creditors     
becoming due and payable within one year   2. 1 0.3  
Total liabilities   73 1.5 327.9  
Total capital, reserves and liabilities   1,808.4  1,905.7  
The accompanying notes on pages 222 to 2 28  form an integral  part of the Financial Statements for Subsea 7 S.A.  
 
 
SUBSEA 7 S.A. P ROFIT AND  L OSS                         
A CCOUNT  
221  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
For the year ended (in  $  millions)  Notes  
202 5   
31 Dec  
202 4   
31 Dec  
Other operating income  9  21.2  19.9  
Raw materials and consumables and other external expenses     
Other external expenses  11  (33.0)   (1.4)  
Staff costs     
Wages and salaries   (0.1)   (0.1)  
Other operating expenses  12  (38.4)   (74.6)  
Income from participating interests     
derived from affiliated undertakings  13  43.0 15.0  
Other interest receivable and similar income     
derived from affiliated undertakings  14  0.1 0.1  
other interest and similar income   – 0.1  
Value adjustments     
in respect of financial assets and of investments held as current assets  3, 6  (88.6)   ( 16.9)  
Interest payable and similar expenses     
concerning affiliated undertakings  8  (36. 8 )   (11.2)  
Other taxes   –   (0.4)  
Loss  for the financial year   (132 .6 )   ( 69.5)  
The accompanying notes on pages 222 to 2 28  form  an integral part of the Financial Statements for Subsea 7 S.A.  
 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 221
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 224]
NOTES TO THE  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
222 Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
1 . Organisation  
Subsea 7 S.A. (the Company) is a holding company which was incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg on 10 March 1993. 
The  Company has been incorporated for an unlimited period of time. The Subsea 7 S.A. Group (the Group) consists of 
Subsea 7 S.A. and  its affiliated undertakings at 31 December 202 5. 
The objects of the Company are to invest in affiliated undertakings which provide subsea construction, maintenance, 
inspection,  survey  and  engineering services, predominantly for the offshore oil and gas, renewable energy, heavy lifting and 
related industries. More  generally, the Company is authorised to participate in any manner in all commercial, industrial, 
financial and other enterprises of  Luxembourg or foreign nationality through the acquisition by participation, subscription, 
purchase, option or any other means of all shares, stocks, debentures, bonds or securities; and the acquisition of patents and 
licences it will administer and exploit. The Company is authorised to lend or borrow with or without security, provided that any 
monies so borrowed may o nly be used for the purpose of the Company, or companies which are  affiliated undertakings of  or 
associated with the Company; in general it is authorised to undertake any operations directly or indirectly connected with 
these objects.  
The Company also prepares Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board and as adopted by the European Union; these are 
shown on pages 146  to 210 and are also available at the registered office of the Company or on www.subsea7.com.  
Going concern  
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared on the going concern basis. Management has concluded that 
there are no  significant doubts over the application of the going concern assumption and no disclosable material 
uncertainties  which cast dou bt upon the Company ’s ability to continue as a going concern.  
On 23 February 2025, Subsea 7 S.A. and Saipem S.p.A. signed a memorandum of understanding to regulate the terms of a 
possible merger between the two companies. Subsequently, on 2 3 July 2025, Subsea 7 S.A. and Saipem S.p.A. entered into 
a binding merger agreement, governing the final terms of the proposed merger including the combination of the Group’s 
business with the Asset Based Services business of Saipem S.p.A., including Offshore Wind, and form an operationally 
autonomous company with in the new combine d group. The proposed merger is subject to conditions precedent, including 
regulatory approval in certain jurisdictions, and anticipated to be completed in the second half of 2026 . 
Upon completion of the conditions precedent including obtaining the required regulatory approvals, and as approved on 
the  25 September 2025 by the shareholders of Subsea 7 S.A. and Saipem S.p.A. respectively, the proposed business 
combination will be effected by way of an EU cross - border statutory merger of Subsea 7 S.A. into Saipem S.p.A. within 
the  meaning of the provisions of the European Directive (EU) 2017/1132 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 relating to certain aspects of  company law, and Directive (EU) 2019/2121 of the European Parliament and of 
the  Council  of 27 November 2019 amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 as regards cross- border conversions, mergers and 
divisions (the  EU Mobility Directive). By virtue of the proposed merger, Subsea 7 S.A. will be absorbed by Saipem S.p.A., a 
company incorporated in Italy, which  will acquire all assets and assume all liabilities and other legal relationships of Subsea 7 
S.A. and will be renamed Saipem7 S.p.A . Completion of the proposed merger is subject to, among other things, the admission 
to listing and trading of the sh ares of the combined company on Euronext Oslo in Norway. The merged company, Saipem7 
S.p.A. will  remain incorporated in Italy  and listed on Euronext Milan in Italy. Management considers that the Company’s ability 
to continue as a going concern will not be impacted should the proposed merger not be completed. The Company will 
continue to have access to adequate liquidity to support the assumption it will continue as a going concern. Further 
disclosure is included within Note 1 ‘General information’ to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   
2. Significant accounting policies  
The Financial Statements were prepared in accordance with Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements. Accounting 
policies and valuation rules are, besides the ones laid down by the law of 19 December 2002 as amended, determined and 
applied by the Board of Directors of the Company. The Company maintains its accounting records and presents its Financial 
Statements in US d ollars ($). Significant  accounting policies are as follows:  
2.1 Financial assets  
Shares in affiliated undertakings are stated at cost less any accumulated impairment in value. An annual review of the 
carrying amount is  performed on an individual investment basis with resulting impairments or reversals of impairment 
reflected in the Pro fit and Loss account in  the relevant period. Earnings in investee companies are recognised when, 
and  to  the extent that, dividends are received from  affiliated undertakings and participating interests.  
2.2 Own shares  
Own shares are initially measured at acquisition cost and recognised as an asset with a corresponding non - distributable 
reserve created from share premium. Own shares are subsequently remeasured at the lower of cost or market value using 
the FIFO (First In  First Out) method. They are subject to value adjustments where their recovery is compromised. These 
value adjustments are reversed when the reasons for which the value adjustments were made have ceased to apply.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025222
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 225]
NOTES TO THE  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
222 Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
1 . Organisation  
Subsea 7 S.A. (the Company) is a holding company which was incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg on 10 March 1993. 
The  Company has been incorporated for an unlimited period of time. The Subsea 7 S.A. Group (the Group) consists of 
Subsea 7 S.A. and  its affiliated undertakings at 31 December 202 5. 
The objects of the Company are to invest in affiliated undertakings which provide subsea construction, maintenance, 
inspection,  survey  and  engineering services, predominantly for the offshore oil and gas, renewable energy, heavy lifting and 
related industries. More  generally, the Company is authorised to participate in any manner in all commercial, industrial, 
financial and other enterprises of  Luxembourg or foreign nationality through the acquisition by participation, subscription, 
purchase, option or any other means of all shares, stocks, debentures, bonds or securities; and the acquisition of patents and 
licences it will administer and exploit. The Company is authorised to lend or borrow with or without security, provided that any 
monies so borrowed may o nly be used for the purpose of the Company, or companies which are  affiliated undertakings of  or 
associated with the Company; in general it is authorised to undertake any operations directly or indirectly connected with 
these objects.  
The Company also prepares Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board and as adopted by the European Union; these are 
shown on pages 146  to 210 and are also available at the registered office of the Company or on www.subsea7.com.  
Going concern  
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared on the going concern basis. Management has concluded that 
there are no  significant doubts over the application of the going concern assumption and no disclosable material 
uncertainties  which cast dou bt upon the Company ’s ability to continue as a going concern.  
On 23 February 2025, Subsea 7 S.A. and Saipem S.p.A. signed a memorandum of understanding to regulate the terms of a 
possible merger between the two companies. Subsequently, on 2 3 July 2025, Subsea 7 S.A. and Saipem S.p.A. entered into 
a binding merger agreement, governing the final terms of the proposed merger including the combination of the Group’s 
business with the Asset Based Services business of Saipem S.p.A., including Offshore Wind, and form an operationally 
autonomous company with in the new combine d group. The proposed merger is subject to conditions precedent, including 
regulatory approval in certain jurisdictions, and anticipated to be completed in the second half of 2026 . 
Upon completion of the conditions precedent including obtaining the required regulatory approvals, and as approved on 
the  25 September 2025 by the shareholders of Subsea 7 S.A. and Saipem S.p.A. respectively, the proposed business 
combination will be effected by way of an EU cross - border statutory merger of Subsea 7 S.A. into Saipem S.p.A. within 
the  meaning of the provisions of the European Directive (EU) 2017/1132 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 relating to certain aspects of  company law, and Directive (EU) 2019/2121 of the European Parliament and of 
the  Council  of 27 November 2019 amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 as regards cross- border conversions, mergers and 
divisions (the  EU Mobility Directive). By virtue of the proposed merger, Subsea 7 S.A. will be absorbed by Saipem S.p.A., a 
company incorporated in Italy, which  will acquire all assets and assume all liabilities and other legal relationships of Subsea 7 
S.A. and will be renamed Saipem7 S.p.A . Completion of the proposed merger is subject to, among other things, the admission 
to listing and trading of the sh ares of the combined company on Euronext Oslo in Norway. The merged company, Saipem7 
S.p.A. will  remain incorporated in Italy  and listed on Euronext Milan in Italy. Management considers that the Company’s ability 
to continue as a going concern will not be impacted should the proposed merger not be completed. The Company will 
continue to have access to adequate liquidity to support the assumption it will continue as a going concern. Further 
disclosure is included within Note 1 ‘General information’ to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   
2. Significant accounting policies  
The Financial Statements were prepared in accordance with Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements. Accounting 
policies and valuation rules are, besides the ones laid down by the law of 19 December 2002 as amended, determined and 
applied by the Board of Directors of the Company. The Company maintains its accounting records and presents its Financial 
Statements in US d ollars ($). Significant  accounting policies are as follows:  
2.1 Financial assets  
Shares in affiliated undertakings are stated at cost less any accumulated impairment in value. An annual review of the 
carrying amount is  performed on an individual investment basis with resulting impairments or reversals of impairment 
reflected in the Pro fit and Loss account in  the relevant period. Earnings in investee companies are recognised when, 
and  to  the extent that, dividends are received from  affiliated undertakings and participating interests.  
2.2 Own shares  
Own shares are initially measured at acquisition cost and recognised as an asset with a corresponding non - distributable 
reserve created from share premium. Own shares are subsequently remeasured at the lower of cost or market value using 
the FIFO (First In  First Out) method. They are subject to value adjustments where their recovery is compromised. These 
value adjustments are reversed when the reasons for which the value adjustments were made have ceased to apply.
 
223  Subsea  7 S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
2.3  Translation of foreign currencies 
The Company maintains its accounts in US d ollars; this is the currency in which its capital is expressed and the Financial 
Statements are prepared. Amounts in foreign currencies are translated into US d ollars on the following basis:  
• formation expenses, the cost of acquisition of intangible, tangible and financial fixed assets denominated in a currency 
other than US  d ollars , are translated at historical exchange rates;  
• all other assets denominated in a currency other than US d ollars are valued individually at the lower of their values 
translated into US  d ollars at their historical exchange rate or exchange rate prevailing at the balance sheet date;  
• all liabilities denominated in a currency other than US d ollars are valued individually at the higher of their values translated 
at historical exchange rate or exchange rate prevailing at the balance sheet date; and  
• revenue and expenses denominated in a currency other than US d ollars are translated into US d ollars at the exchange 
rates applicable on  the day on which they are collected or disbursed.  
Only realised foreign exchange gains and losses and unrealised foreign exchange losses are recognised in the Profit and 
Loss account.  
2.4  Share - based payments  
Awards made under the Group ’s Long T erm Incentive Plans, in the form of equity - settled share- based payments, are satisfied by 
the Company on behalf of its affiliated undertakings. The costs associated with these awards are recognised on the date of 
issuance to the employees  and recorded in the Profit and Loss account as an adjustment to the value of own shares.  
A t 31 December 2025, a provision of $ 24.0  million for awards potentially vesting in future periods w as reco gnised . 
2.5  Parent company guarantees  
The Company issues parent company guarantees (PCGs) to third parties on behalf of its direct and indirect affiliated undertakings 
w here requested. The Company receives a fee in respect of the PCGs issued, which is recorded as other operating income 
within the Profit and  Loss account. This income is recognised on a straight - line basis over the period of the guarantee.   
2.6  Interest payable and receivable  
Amounts owed to and owed by affiliated undertakings bear interest at commercial rates.  
2.7  Other debtors 
Other debtors are recognised initially at nominal amount. Provision s for value adjustments are  made when there is objective 
evidence that the Company may not be able to collect all of the amounts due. Bad debts are written off where necessary.  
2.8  Amounts owed to affiliated undertakings and other creditors  
Amounts owed to affiliated undertakings and other creditors are stated at nominal amount.  
3. Financial assets  
(in  $  millions)  
Shares in affiliated  
undertakings  
Cost   
At 31 December 2024  3,526.5  
At  31 December 202 5 3,526.5 
 
Accumulated value adjustments   
At 31 December 2024  (1,684.3)  
Value adjustments for the year  ( 95 .0 )  
At 31 December 202 5  (1,779.3)   
 
Carrying amount   
At 31 December 202 4 1,842.2  
At 31 December 202 5 1,747.2 
A review of the carrying amount of the financial assets was performed at 31 December 202 5 which resulted in a value adjustment  
of $ 95 .0 million being recognised in relation to the Company’s shares held in Acergy Holdings (Gibraltar) Limited (202 4 : $1 0. 5 
million value  adjustment).  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 223
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 226]
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  CONTINUED  
 
224  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
3. Financial  assets continued  
Shares in affiliated undertakings  
  Percentage held   Carrying amount (in  $  millions)  
Name of company  Registered in  202 5  202 4   202 5  202 4  
Acergy  Holdings (Gibraltar) Limited  Gibraltar  100%  100%   26.2 121.2  
Subsea 7 International Holdings (UK) Limited  UK  100%  100%   1,501.5 1,501.5  
Subsea 7 (UK Service Company) Limited  UK  100%  100%   79.9 79.9  
Seaway 7 AS  Norway  28%  28%   139.6  139.6  
Total shares in affiliated undertakings      1,747.2 1,842.2  
The capital, reserves and profit and loss of the affiliated undertakings of the Company are included within the Annual Report 
of Subsea 7 S.A. as shown on page s 20 8 to 210 , and the  Company has applied the exemption, in  accordance with article 
67.3b of the law of 19 December 2002, to not disclose this information.  
4. Capital and reserves  
(in  $  millions)  
Subscribed  
capital  
Share  
premium  
account  
Legal  
reserve  
Reserve  
for own  
shares  
Profit brought 
forward  
Profit or (loss) 
for the  
financial year  Total  
Balance at 1 January 202 4 608.6  6 97.1  60. 9 31.1  98.4  361.0  1, 857 .1 
Allocation of the result  – – – – 361 .0 ( 361 .0 )  – 
Share cancellation  (9 .4)  (3 7.3 )  – – – – (4 6.7 )  
De crease of legal reserve  – – ( 1.0 )  – 1.0  – – 
Dividends declared  – – – – (163.1)  – ( 163 .1)  
Net movement of own shares  (Note 6) – (31.6)  – 31 .6 – – – 
Loss  for the financial year  – – – – – (69.5)  (69.5)  
Balance at 31 December 2024   599.2   628.2  59.9   62.7   297.3   ( 69.5)   1,577.8  
Allocation of the result   –  –  –  –  (69.5)   69.5   – 
Dividends declared   –  (140.5)   –  –  ( 227.8 )   –  ( 368 . 3 )  
Net movement of own shares  (Note 6)   –  2. 5   –  (2. 5 )   –  –  – 
Loss for the financial year   –  –  –  –  –  ( 1 32 . 6 )   ( 1 32 . 6 )  
Balance at 31 December 202 5 599.2  490. 2 59.9  60.2  – (132. 6 )  1,076. 9 
At 31 December 2025 , the authorised share capital comprised 450,000,000 $2.00 common shares (2024 : 450,000,000 
$2.00 common shares)  and 299,600,000 common shares were outstanding (202 4 : 299, 600 , 000).  
A dividend of NOK 13 .00 per share was approved by the shareholders of the Company at the Annual General Meeting on 
8 May 202 5 , which was paid from distributable reserves  in two equal instalments on 22  May 202 5 and 6 November 202 5. 
5. Legal reserve 
Luxembourg law requires that 5% of the Company’s unconsolidated net income is allocated to a legal reserve annually, prior 
to declaration of dividends. This requirement continues until the reserve is 10% of its issued share capital at nominal value, 
after which no further allocations are required until further issuance of shares. The legal reserve may also be satisfied by allocation 
of the required amount at the issuance of shares or by a transfer from share premium. The legal reserve is not distributable .  
6. Reserve for own shares 
 
202 5  
Number of  
 shares  
202 5 
in $ millions  
202 4  
Number of  
 shares  
202 4 
in $ millions  
At year beginning  3,986,064  62.7 3,839,804  31.1  
Shares cancelled  – – (4,694,272)  (46.7)  
Shares reallocated relating to share - based payments  (522,241)   (8.9)   (331,560)  (2.6)  
Shares repurchased  – – 5,172,092  87.3  
Value adjustment  – 6. 4  – ( 6.4)  
Balance at year end  3,463,823 60.2  3,986,064  62.7  
At 31 December 2025 , the Company directly held 3, 463 , 823  (2024 : 3,986,064) own shares representing 1. 16 % (202 4: 1. 33%) 
of the total number of issued shares.  
During the year ended 31 December 202 5, 522,241  (2024: 331,560) shares representing 0.17 % (202 4 : 0.11%) of the total 
number of issued  shares were reallocated for $ nil consideration to employees of the Subsea7 Group to satisfy share awards 
under the 2018 and 2022 Long Term Incentive Plans .  
A review of the carrying amount of own shares was performed at 31 December 202 5, resulting in a n upward  value adjustment 
of $6.4 million (202 4 : $6.4 million downward value adjustment).  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025224
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 227]
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  CONTINUED  
 
224  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
3. Financial  assets continued  
Shares in affiliated undertakings  
  Percentage held   Carrying amount (in  $  millions)  
Name of company  Registered in  202 5  202 4   202 5  202 4  
Acergy  Holdings (Gibraltar) Limited  Gibraltar  100%  100%   26.2 121.2  
Subsea 7 International Holdings (UK) Limited  UK  100%  100%   1,501.5 1,501.5  
Subsea 7 (UK Service Company) Limited  UK  100%  100%   79.9 79.9  
Seaway 7 AS  Norway  28%  28%   139.6  139.6  
Total shares in affiliated undertakings      1,747.2 1,842.2  
The capital, reserves and profit and loss of the affiliated undertakings of the Company are included within the Annual Report 
of Subsea 7 S.A. as shown on page s 20 8 to 210 , and the  Company has applied the exemption, in  accordance with article 
67.3b of the law of 19 December 2002, to not disclose this information.  
4. Capital and reserves  
(in  $  millions)  
Subscribed  
capital  
Share  
premium  
account  
Legal  
reserve  
Reserve  
for own  
shares  
Profit brought 
forward  
Profit or (loss) 
for the  
financial year  Total  
Balance at 1 January 202 4 608.6  6 97.1  60. 9 31.1  98.4  361.0  1, 857 .1 
Allocation of the result  – – – – 361 .0 ( 361 .0 )  – 
Share cancellation  (9 .4)  (3 7.3 )  – – – – (4 6.7 )  
De crease of legal reserve  – – ( 1.0 )  – 1.0  – – 
Dividends declared  – – – – (163.1)  – ( 163 .1)  
Net movement of own shares  (Note 6) – (31.6)  – 31 .6 – – – 
Loss  for the financial year  – – – – – (69.5)  (69.5)  
Balance at 31 December 2024   599.2   628.2  59.9   62.7   297.3   ( 69.5)   1,577.8  
Allocation of the result   –  –  –  –  (69.5)   69.5   – 
Dividends declared   –  (140.5)   –  –  ( 227.8 )   –  ( 368 . 3 )  
Net movement of own shares  (Note 6)   –  2. 5   –  (2. 5 )   –  –  – 
Loss for the financial year   –  –  –  –  –  ( 1 32 . 6 )   ( 1 32 . 6 )  
Balance at 31 December 202 5 599.2  490. 2 59.9  60.2  – (132. 6 )  1,076. 9 
At 31 December 2025 , the authorised share capital comprised 450,000,000 $2.00 common shares (2024 : 450,000,000 
$2.00 common shares)  and 299,600,000 common shares were outstanding (202 4 : 299, 600 , 000).  
A dividend of NOK 13 .00 per share was approved by the shareholders of the Company at the Annual General Meeting on 
8 May 202 5 , which was paid from distributable reserves  in two equal instalments on 22  May 202 5 and 6 November 202 5. 
5. Legal reserve 
Luxembourg law requires that 5% of the Company’s unconsolidated net income is allocated to a legal reserve annually, prior 
to declaration of dividends. This requirement continues until the reserve is 10% of its issued share capital at nominal value, 
after which no further allocations are required until further issuance of shares. The legal reserve may also be satisfied by allocation 
of the required amount at the issuance of shares or by a transfer from share premium. The legal reserve is not distributable .  
6. Reserve for own shares 
 
202 5  
Number of  
 shares  
202 5 
in $ millions  
202 4  
Number of  
 shares  
202 4 
in $ millions  
At year beginning  3,986,064  62.7 3,839,804  31.1  
Shares cancelled  – – (4,694,272)  (46.7)  
Shares reallocated relating to share - based payments  (522,241)   (8.9)   (331,560)  (2.6)  
Shares repurchased  – – 5,172,092  87.3  
Value adjustment  – 6. 4  – ( 6.4)  
Balance at year end  3,463,823 60.2  3,986,064  62.7  
At 31 December 2025 , the Company directly held 3, 463 , 823  (2024 : 3,986,064) own shares representing 1. 16 % (202 4: 1. 33%) 
of the total number of issued shares.  
During the year ended 31 December 202 5, 522,241  (2024: 331,560) shares representing 0.17 % (202 4 : 0.11%) of the total 
number of issued  shares were reallocated for $ nil consideration to employees of the Subsea7 Group to satisfy share awards 
under the 2018 and 2022 Long Term Incentive Plans .  
A review of the carrying amount of own shares was performed at 31 December 202 5, resulting in a n upward  value adjustment 
of $6.4 million (202 4 : $6.4 million downward value adjustment).  
 
225  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
7.  Provisions  
Provision for pensions and similar obligations  
At (in  $  millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Provision for share - based payments vesting in future period  24.0  18.7  
At 31 December 2025, a provision of $ 24.0  million was reco gnised to reflect the Company’s expectation of the number of 
performance shares which will vest under the 2018 and 2022 Long Term Incentive Plans.  
During the year ended 31 December 202 5, $ 8.9  million of  the provision was utilised to satisfy charges in respect of share -
based  compensation  (2024: $2.6 million) .  
8.  Amounts owed to affiliated undertakings  
Becoming due and payable within one year  
At (in  $  millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Amounts owed to affiliated undertakings  704.9  308.7  
Amounts owed to affiliated undertakings were mainly related to amounts due to Subsea 7 Treasury (UK) Limited under the 
terms of the Group’s internal working capital agreement. During the year ended 31 December 202 5 , interest costs of $ 36.8  
million were recognised by the Company (202 4 : $ 11.2 million).  
9. Other operating income  
For the year ended  (in  $  millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Parent company guarantee income  21.2  19.9  
10 . Commitments and guarantees  
The Company arranges bank guarantees, which collectively refer to bank guarantees, performance bonds, tendering bonds, 
advance payment bonds, guarantees or standby letters of credit in respect of the performance obligations certain of its 
affiliated undertakings have to  their clients.  
Facilities  
M ulti - currency revolving credit and guarantee facility  
On 15 June 2022, the Group entered into a $700 million multi - currency revolving credit and guarantee facility with a five - year 
tenor , with two one - year extension options . The  facility is available in a combination of guarantees, up to a limit of $200 million,  
and cash drawings, or in full for cash drawings. The  facility is guaranteed by the Company  and Subsea 7 Finance (UK) PLC, a 
wholly - owned subsidiary of the Group. The facility size reduced from $700 million to $600 million in September 2024 and will 
red uce further to $500 million in June 2028 until maturity in June 2029. The  facility was unutilised at 31 December 202 5.  
The South Korean Export Credit Agency (ECA) facility 
In July 2015 , the Group entered into a $357 million senior term loan facility secured on two vessels owned by the Group. 
The  facility is  provided 90% by an Export Credit Agency (ECA) and 10% by two banks and is available for general corporate 
purposes. The ECA tranche has a 12 - year maturity and a 12 - year amortising profile. The commercial tranche initially had a 
five- year maturity and a 15 - year amortising profile, which commenced in April 2017. The commercial tranche was refinanced 
during November 2021, now  maturing in January 2027, while retaining the original amortising profile. The facility is guaranteed by  
the Company . At 31 December 2025 , the amount outstanding under the facility was $ 86.0  million  (2024: $1 10.6 million).   
UK Export Finance (UKEF  2021 ) facility  
On 24 February 2021, the Group entered into a $500 million five - year amortising committed loan facility backed by a 
$400 million guarantee  from UK Export Finance. The facility has a five - year tenor which commenced when the facility 
was  fully drawn. The facility can  be used for general corporate purposes, including to provide working capital financing for 
services provided from the UK. The facility is  guaranteed by  the Company . At 31 December 2025 , the amount outstanding 
under the facility, net of facility fees, was $ 222.7 million (202 4: $ 321.7 million).  
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 225
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 228]
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  CONTINUED  
 
226  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
10. Commitments and guarantees continued  
2023 UK Export Finance (UKEF 2023) facility 
On 27 July 2023, the Group entered into a $450 million five - year amortising loan facility backed by a $360 million guarantee 
from UK Export Finance. The facility has a five - year tenor which commenced in July 2025. The facility is guaranteed by the 
Company  and Subsea 7 Finance (UK) PLC, a wholly - owned subsidiary of the Group. At 31 December 202 5 , the amount outstanding  
under the facility, net of facility fees, was $ 274.7 million  (2024 : $ 28 9.4 million ). 
Utilisation of facilities  
At (in $ millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec  
Utilised  
202 5  
31 Dec  
Unutilised  
202 5  
31 Dec  
Total  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Utilised  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Unutilised  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Total  
Committed borrowing facilities  588.8 600.0 1,188.8  728.0  757.6  1,485.6  
Other facilities 
In addition to the above there are a number of  uncommitted, unsecured bilateral guarantee arrangements in place  
in order to  provide specific geographical coverage. The utilisation of these facilities at 31 December 202 5 was $2.9 billion 
(2024 : $ 2.1 billion).  
11. Other external expenses  
For the year ended (in  $  millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Administrative expenses  1.8  1.2  
Professional services  30.7  – 
Statutory audit fees  0.2  0.2  
Other assurance fees  0.3  – 
Total  33.0  1.4  
12. Other operating expenses  
For the year ended (in  $  millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Corporate allocation and shareholders’ costs  23.2 57.3  
Provision for share - based payments which may vest in future periods  14.2  16.3  
Other operating expenses  1.0  1.0  
Total  38.4  74.6  
13. Income from participating interests derived from affiliated undertakings 
On 31  December 2025, the Company received a dividend of $ 43 .0 million from Acergy Holdings (Gibraltar) L imited (2024 : 
$15.0 million from Acergy Holdings ( Gibraltar) L imited ). Consideration for this transaction was settled under, and in line with 
the terms of, the Group’s internal working capital agreement.  
14. Other interest receivable and similar income derived from affiliated undertakings 
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Guarantee fee commission receivable from Eidesvik Seven AS  0.1 0.1  
15. Tax on profit or loss 
For the year ended 31 December 202 5, the Company was fully taxable at an effective rate of 23.87% (2024 : 24.94%). After 
taking account of required book to tax adjustments, the Company recorded a fiscal loss for the year. No benefit has been 
recorded in respect of th is  loss due to uncertainty over future recoverability.  
16 . Share - based payments  
Awards made under the Group ’s Long T erm Incentive Plans, in the form of equity - settled share- based payments, are satisfied by 
the Company on behalf of its affiliated undertakings. During the year ended 31 December 202 5 , $8.9  million of an established 
provision was utilised to satisfy charges in respect of share - based compensation . In the prior year, a charge of $2. 6 million 
was recognised directly in the Profit and Loss account.  
The share - based schemes operated by the Group are:   
2018 Long  Term Incentive Plan  
The 2018 Long Term Incentive Plan (2018 LTIP  Plan ) was approved by the Company’ s shareholders at the Annual General 
Meeting on 17 April 2018 and was valid for a period up to five years until 2023. Awards under the 2018 LTIP Plan were made 
in 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021.  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025226
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 229]
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  CONTINUED  
 
226  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
10. Commitments and guarantees continued  
2023 UK Export Finance (UKEF 2023) facility 
On 27 July 2023, the Group entered into a $450 million five - year amortising loan facility backed by a $360 million guarantee 
from UK Export Finance. The facility has a five - year tenor which commenced in July 2025. The facility is guaranteed by the 
Company  and Subsea 7 Finance (UK) PLC, a wholly - owned subsidiary of the Group. At 31 December 202 5 , the amount outstanding  
under the facility, net of facility fees, was $ 274.7 million  (2024 : $ 28 9.4 million ). 
Utilisation of facilities  
At (in $ millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec  
Utilised  
202 5  
31 Dec  
Unutilised  
202 5  
31 Dec  
Total  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Utilised  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Unutilised  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Total  
Committed borrowing facilities  588.8 600.0 1,188.8  728.0  757.6  1,485.6  
Other facilities 
In addition to the above there are a number of  uncommitted, unsecured bilateral guarantee arrangements in place  
in order to  provide specific geographical coverage. The utilisation of these facilities at 31 December 202 5 was $2.9 billion 
(2024 : $ 2.1 billion).  
11. Other external expenses  
For the year ended (in  $  millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Administrative expenses  1.8  1.2  
Professional services  30.7  – 
Statutory audit fees  0.2  0.2  
Other assurance fees  0.3  – 
Total  33.0  1.4  
12. Other operating expenses  
For the year ended (in  $  millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Corporate allocation and shareholders’ costs  23.2  57.3  
Provision for share - based payments which may vest in future periods  14.2  16.3  
Other operating expenses  1.0  1.0  
Total  38.4  74.6  
13. Income from participating interests derived from affiliated undertakings 
On 31  December 2025, the Company received a dividend of $ 43 .0 million from Acergy Holdings (Gibraltar) L imited (2024 : 
$15.0 million from Acergy Holdings ( Gibraltar) L imited ). Consideration for this transaction was settled under, and in line with 
the terms of, the Group’s internal working capital agreement.  
14. Other interest receivable and similar income derived from affiliated undertakings 
For the year ended (in $ millions)  
202 5  
31 Dec  
202 4  
31 Dec  
Guarantee fee commission receivable from Eidesvik Seven AS  0.1 0.1  
15. Tax on profit or loss 
For the year ended 31 December 202 5, the Company was fully taxable at an effective rate of 23.87% (2024 : 24.94%). After 
taking account of required book to tax adjustments, the Company recorded a fiscal loss for the year. No benefit has been 
recorded in respect of th is  loss due to uncertainty over future recoverability.  
16 . Share - based payments  
Awards made under the Group ’s Long T erm Incentive Plans, in the form of equity - settled share- based payments, are satisfied by 
the Company on behalf of its affiliated undertakings. During the year ended 31 December 202 5 , $8.9  million of an established 
provision was utilised to satisfy charges in respect of share - based compensation . In the prior year, a charge of $2. 6 million 
was recognised directly in the Profit and Loss account.  
The share - based schemes operated by the Group are:   
2018 Long  Term Incentive Plan  
The 2018 Long Term Incentive Plan (2018 LTIP  Plan ) was approved by the Company’ s shareholders at the Annual General 
Meeting on 17 April 2018 and was valid for a period up to five years until 2023. Awards under the 2018 LTIP Plan were made 
in 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021.  
 
227  Subsea  7 S.A .  ⅼ Annual Report 2025  
2022 Long  Term Incentive Plan 
The 2022 Long Term Incentive Plan (2022 LTIP  Plan) was approved by the Company ’s shareholders at the Annual General 
Meeting on 12 April 2022, superseding the 2018 LTIP  Plan , and is valid for a period of five years until 2027. The principles of 
the plan remained as previous years whereby a conditional award of shares is made that provides for share awards which 
vest over a three  to  five - year period subject to performance measures. Cash Conversion Ratio (CCR) has been added to 
the  plan and the percentage weighting of each measure adjusted to reflect this.  
The 2022 LTIP Plan has a five - year term with awards being made annually in October. The aggregate number of shares 
which may be granted in any calendar year is limited to 0.5% of issued share capital on 1 January of that calendar year. 
The  total number of shares that may be delivered pursuant to awards under the plan shall not exceed 11,500,000. The total 
number of share awards and shares granted to the CEO and CFO are recommended by the Compensation Committee for 
the approval by the Board o f Subsea7. The 2 022 LTIP Plan is an essential component of the Company ’s reward strategy and 
is designed to align the interests of participants with those  of the Company’s  shareholders and enables participants to share 
in the success of the Company. The 2022 LTIP  Plan  provides for conditional awards of shares based upon performance 
conditions measured over a performance period of three years. Performance conditions are based upon three measures and 
weightings  determined by the Compensation Committee. During 2024 , the Compe nsation Committee approved the following 
revised weightings to apply  to  the 2024  and future LTIP award s under the 2022 LTIP Plan :  
• Total Shareholder Return (50 %)  
• Cash Conversion Ratio (3 0%)  
• Return on Average Invested Capital ( 20 %).  
All three performance conditions are determined over a three - year period from 1 July in  the year of award to 30 June three 
years later. Subject to the achievement of the performance conditions, awards will vest in equal tranches after three, four and 
five years from award  date.  
Under the terms of the LTIP, participants are not entitled to receive dividend equivalent payments during the performance 
and holding periods. On 31 December 202 5 , there were approximately 150 participants in the active LTIP schemes (2018 
LTIP and 2022 LTIP Plans). Individual award caps are in place such that no participant may be granted shares under the 
2022 LTIP  Plan  in a single calendar year that have an aggregate fair market value in excess of 150%, in the case of the CEO, 
CFO and other members of the Executive Management Team, and 100%, in the case of other employees, of their annual 
base salary at the date of the award. Additionally, a holding requirement for the CEO, CFO and other members of the 
Executive Management Team applies where they must hold 50% of  all awards that vest until they have built up a 
shareholding with a market value of 150% of their annual base salary which must be maintained throughout their tenure.  
T otal S hareholder R eturn based awards 
The Company will have to achieve a Total Shareholder Return (TSR) ranking above the median for any awards to vest. If the 
ranked TSR position of the Company during the three- year performance period, as converted to a percentage, is equal to 
50%, 20% of the share award will vest. If the ranked TSR position of the Company is greater than 50% and below 75 %, the 
vesting of the share award between 20% and 50 % is determined by linear interpolation. The maximum award of 50 % would 
vest if the Company achieved a ranked TSR position of equal to or greater than 75 %.  
C ash C onversion Ratio based awards 
The C ash Conversion R atio ( CCR ) measures the conversion of Adjusted EBITDA into a form of cash . The Board believes this 
measure is an important addition to the LTIP as it aligns with shareholder interests in making sure the business converts 
profitability into cash generated from its  operations in a timely manner. The Group can exert significant influence in achieving 
this goal. Furthermore it is clear and predictable, and as with the other two measures, the elements of the calculation are 
readily identifia ble from the Grou p F inancial S tatements.  
CCR is calculated for each of the three years of the performance period on a quarterly basis . 
R eturn on Average Invested Capital based awards 
Return on Average Invested Capital (ROAIC) is calculated for each of the three years of the performance period on a 
quarterly basis.  
Details of the TSR, ROAIC and CCR calculations, including further details of each Long - Term  Incentive P lan, are disclosed 
within the Remuneration Report on pages 65  to 69. 
  
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 227
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 230]
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  CONTINUED  
 
228  Subsea  7  S.A.  ⅼ Annual Report 20 25  
16. Share - based payments continued  
Vesting of LTIP 2022 award 
The performance conditions applicable to the share awards granted in 20 22 under the 20 22  LTIP  Plan  that vested during 
2025 were based upon three measures: TSR , ROAIC and Cash conversion , with a weighting of 65% , 15 % and 20%, 
respectively. Subject to these performance conditions, the vested shares are transferred to participants in equal tranches 
on  the third, fourth and fifth anniversary of the award date.  
The performance conditions for the vesting of the share awards granted in 2022  under the 20 22  LTIP  Plan  are set out below. 
For LTIP 202 2 awards, all performance conditions were assessed over the three- year  period ; TSR vested at 80.10%, Cash 
conversion at 52 .50% , and ROAIC 0% . 
Metric  
Percentage of share 
awards under  
 each metric  Range  Result  
Percentage of 
shares to vest  
under each metric  S hares to vest  
TSR  65%  50% –100%  78.5 % (a)   80 . 10 %  52.06%  
ROAIC  1 5%  9% –14%  2 .89 % (b)   –  –  
Cash conversion  20%  0.7 – 1.1  0.91 (c)  52 . 5 0 %  10.50 %  
Total  100%     62.56% 
(a)  Subsea7 ranked 4 th out of the 1 5 companies within the selected peer group (above the median  but below the 90th percentile). This resulted in 
80 . 10 % vesting for the TSR portion  – 52. 06 % of the total award .  
(b)  The average over the three- year performance period was 2 .89 %. This resulted in 0 % vesting for the ROAIC portion.  
(c)  The average over the three - year performance period was 0.91 . This resulted in 52 .50 % vesting for the cash conversion  portion  – 10.50% of the total award.  
During 2025 , in accordance with the terms of the 2018 and 2022 LTIP  Plan s , shares totalling 522,241 (2024: 331,560 ) 
were transferred to participants.  
Long Term Incentive Plan awards in 2025 
Conditional share awards were made to approximately 1 5 0 leaders and key employees on 1 October 202 5, comprising 
1, 397,750  (2024 : 1, 476,800) shares under the terms of the 202 2 LTIP  Plan . 
17. Staff  
The average full - time equivalent number of employees of the Company for the year ended 31 December 202 5 was nil  
(2024: one) . 
18. Related party transactions  
The Company has taken advantage of the exemption under the law of 19 December 2002, Article 65 which does not require 
the disclosure of transactions with wholly - owned members of the Group.  
The Company is an associate of Siem Industries S.A. and is equity accounted for within Siem Industries S.A.’s Consolidated  
Financial  Statements.  
Transactions with Siem Industries S.A. related to services provided totalled $0.9 million (2024: $nil).  
Transaction s with a company ultimately controlled by Siem Industries S.A. in relation to property  rental totalled less than 
$0.1  million (202 4 : less than $0.1 million).  
Transactions with Treveri S.à r.l . , a company controlled by Mr Siem,  in relation to services provided totalled $0.1 million 
(2024: $0.1  million).  
In addition, the Company received guarantee commission for an amount of $0.1 million (202 4 : $0. 1 million) from Eidesvik 
Seven AS related to  the  100% guarantee provided on the loan facility by Subsea 7 International Holdings (UK)  Limited.  
19. Board of Directors’ expenses  
Fees paid to Directors for the year ended 31 December 202 5 amounted to $1.0 million (2 02 4 : $ 1.0 million) . 
20 . Events after the reporting period  
Dividend 
At the Annual General Meeting on 12 May 2026, the Board of Directors will propose a dividend of NOK 13.00 per share, 
equating  to approximately $400 million, payable in May 2026. The proposed dividend comprises an annual dividend equating 
to  approximately $350 million, subject to approval at the Annual General Meeting, and an interim dividend of approximately 
$50  million which was approved by the Board of Directors on 25 February 2026 and will be ratified at the Annual General Meeting.  
On 12 February 2026, the Company received a dividend of $ 500 .0 million from Subsea 7 International Holdings (UK) Limited, 
a wholly - owned subsidiary. Consideration for this transaction was settled under, and in line with the terms of, the Group’s 
internal working capital agreement.    
 
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025228
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 231]
GLOSSARY
4Subsea 4Subsea is a leading provider of technology and services that help operators optimise energy 
production from subsea oil and gas fields and offshore wind farms. 4Subsea is a wholly-owned 
autonomous subsidiary of Subsea7.
 
Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA is defined on page 211 in the Additional Information (APMs). 
AGM Annual General Meeting
Backlog Expected future revenue from in-hand projects as defined within Additional Information (APMs)  
on page 212. Awards to associates and joint ventures are excluded unless otherwise stated.
Board The Board of Directors of Subsea 7 S.A.
Carbon Estimator A model that calculates the equivalent CO2 and atmospheric emissions associated with global 
project operations. This helps identify the elements that contribute the most to a development’s 
carbon footprint, allowing for alternatives to be considered.
Carbon intensity The carbon intensity of oil and gas developments can be measured in CO2e per barrel 
of oil equivalent, including production and transportation but excluding end-use combustion.
CCS Carbon capture and storage, including transportation
CECO Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer
Child labour As recognised and defined by the International Labour Organisation. Should not be confused 
with “youth employment” or “student work”.
Company Subsea 7 S.A.
Conventional Conventional services include the fabrication, installation, extension, hook-up and 
refurbishment of fixed and floating energy infrastructure in shallow water.
Decommissioning The taking out of service of production facilities at the end of their economic lives and their 
removal or partial removal from offshore for recycling and/or disposal onshore.
DNV DNV AS is a leading classification society for the maritime industry. 
Dry-dock A facility for the construction, maintenance and repair of vessels. 
EGM Extraordinary General Meeting
EPCI/EPIC Engineering, procurement, construction and installation or engineering, procurement, 
installation and commissioning, typically on a fixed-price basis.
Executive Officers For the purpose of the Remuneration Report, Executive Officers refers to the Executive 
Directors of Subsea 7 S.A. as well as the roles of Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the 
Chief Financial Officer (CFO).
FID Final investment decision 
Flex-lay A pipelay method for installing flexible pipelines, umbilicals and risers by spooling them from 
a reel, carousel or basket onto the seabed.
Flowline A pipeline carrying oil, gas or water that connects the subsea wellhead to a manifold or to 
surface production facilities.
Global enabler Any of Subsea7’s most capable vessels that are frequently key to winning and executing large  
EPCI contracts.
Group Subsea 7 S.A. and its subsidiaries
Heavy lift vessel An offshore vessel or barge designed to lift objects greater than 1,000 tonnes such as 
offshore wind foundations and turbines.
High-risk country From a human rights perspective, any country with a score below 5 out of 10 on the Verisk 
Maplecroft Human Rights index.
High-risk materials  
or services
High-risk materials or services from a human rights perspective are those listed as such in the 
Material Service Group Category Register maintained by our supply chain management function.
High-risk suppliers High-risk suppliers from a human rights perspective are those deemed as such in accordance 
with our Supplier Human Rights Risk Matrix
Human rights risk 
assessment
A comprehensive appraisal of human rights risk posed by a supplier.
Human rights 
screening manager
The person appointed by the relevant regional or Group SCM Director to perform the human 
rights questionnaire review and screening portion of the Human Rights Risk Assessment and 
Due Diligence Process for Suppliers
Inter-array cables Cables that run between the individual wind turbine foundations and substations. 
Integrity management A risk-based service supporting operators of subsea assets in the maintenance of their facilities.
IRM Inspection, repair and maintenance of infrastructure.
IRO Impact, Risk, Opportunity 
Jacket A steel structure, typically comprised of an x-braced configuration between four steel legs. 
Jackets are one design of foundation for wind turbine generators.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 229
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 232]
GLOSSARY CONTINUED
Labour agencies A third party that provides recruitment and placement services to Subsea7 where the 
individuals remain as employees of the agency. This can include providing services such  
as advertising vacancies, proposing candidates, arranging medical and visas, and providing 
contractual support to agency staff. 
Low-skilled worker A worker that does not require high qualifications or skills. 
Medium risk country From a human rights perspective, means any country with a score between 5 and 7.5  
(out of 10) on the Verisk Maplecroft Human Rights Country Risk Index
Modern slavery Umbrella term covering practices such as forced labour, debt bondage, forced marriage  
and human trafficking. Essentially, it refers to situations of exploitation that a person cannot 
refuse or leave because of threats, violence, coercion, deception and/or abuse of power.
Monopile foundation A single, cylindrical, steel structure that can be used as a foundation for a wind turbine 
generator or offshore substation.
OceanPlan A concept development platform that enables efficient development planning and 
accelerates concept selection. It increases the level of certainty during the early phases of  
a project by linking technical and economic feasibility. It also features embedded economic 
modelling, integrated engineering workflows to support system selection, cost estimation, 
and greenhouse gas emission estimation.
OneSubsea A joint venture between SLB, Aker Solutions and Subsea7. Focused on accelerating 
innovation to
 
create
 
a step change in subsea production economics
 
and reduce emissions in 
subsea operations. The joint venture brings together deep reservoir domain expertise, broad 
front
-
end and system design knowledge. It has an extensive field-proven subsea production 
and processing technology portfolio, world-class manufacturing scale and capacity, and 
unique pore-to-process integration capabilities.
Performance share Performance shares are awarded under the Long Term Incentive Plan and cover 
approximately 150 senior employees. These shares vest after at least three years, subject  
to performance conditions.
Riser/riser systems A pipe through which oil and/or gas travels upward from the seabed to a surface 
production facility.
ROAIC Return on Average Invested Capital. A key performance indicator for the Group which 
is used as a non-market performance measure in the Long Term Incentive Plans.
Seaway7 Subsea7’s Renewables business 
SME Small and medium-size enterprises
SPS Subsea production system. Equipment placed on the seabed that is connected to subsea 
pipeline networks and riser systems.
Subsea7 Subsea 7 S.A. and its subsidiaries
Subsea Integration  
Alliance
Subsea Integration Alliance is a strategic global alliance between OneSubsea and Subsea7, 
bringing together field development planning, project delivery, innovative contracting models 
and total lifecycle solutions.
Supplier Human 
Rights Risk Matrix
The Group’s risk assessment criteria for suppliers to determine whether they are low, medium 
or high-risk suppliers from a human rights risk perspective.
SURF Subsea umbilicals, risers and flowlines
T&I Transport and installation of wind or subsea infrastructure
Tie-back A connection between a new satellite oil and/or gas discovery and an existing production 
facility, improving the economics of marginal fields into profitable assets.
Total shareholder 
return
Total shareholder return combines share price appreciation and dividends paid to show  
the total return to the shareholder expressed as an annualised percentage.
Umbilical An assembly of hydraulic hoses, which can also include electrical cables or optic fibres,  
used to control subsea structures from an offshore platform or a floating vessel.
Variation order An instruction by the client for a change in the scope of the work to be performed under the 
contract which may lead to an increase or a decrease in contract revenue based on changes 
in the specifications or design of an asset and changes in the duration of the contract.
Vulnerable migrant 
workers 
Low-skilled workers from a high or medium-risk country, working in another country of 
which they are not a permanent resident, or working offshore.
Xodus Client-led engineering consultancy that provides engineering and advisory services to  
clients in the oil and gas, LNG, renewables and utilities industries worldwide. Xodus is  
a wholly-owned autonomous subsidiary of Subsea7.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025230
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 233]
SUPPLEMENTARY 
INFORMATION
Special note regarding  
forward-looking statements
Certain statements made in this report may include 
‘forward-looking statements’. These statements relate to 
our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding 
the future. These statements may be identified by the use 
of words such as ‘anticipate’, ‘believe’, ‘estimate’, ‘expect’, 
‘intend’, ‘may’, ‘plan’, ‘project’, ‘should’, ‘will’, ‘seek’, and 
similar expressions.
The forward-looking statements that we make reflect 
our current views and assumptions with respect to future 
events and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual 
and future results and trends could differ materially from 
those set forth in such statements due to various factors, 
including those discussed in this report under ‘Risk 
Management’, ‘Financial Review’ and the quantitative 
and qualitative information disclosures about market risk 
contained in Note 33 ‘Financial instruments’ to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.
Factors that may cause actual and future results and 
trends to differ materially from our forward-looking 
statements include (but are not limited to): (i) our ability 
to deliver fixed-price projects in accordance with client 
expectations and within the parameters of our bids, and 
to avoid cost overruns; (ii) our ability to collect receivables, 
negotiate variation orders and collect the related cash; 
(iii) our ability to recover costs on significant projects; 
(iv capital expenditure by oil and gas companies, which 
is affected by fluctuations in the price of, and demand 
for, crude oil and natural gas; (v) unanticipated delays 
or cancellation of projects included in our backlog; 
(vi) competition and price fluctuations in the markets 
and businesses in which we operate; (vii) the loss of, or 
deterioration in our relationship with, any significant clients; 
(viii) the outcome of legal proceedings or governmental 
inquiries; (ix) uncertainties inherent in operating internationally, 
including economic, political and social instability, boycotts or 
embargoes, labour unrest, changes in foreign governmental 
regulations, corruption and currency fluctuations;
(x) the effects of a pandemic or epidemic or a natural 
disaster; (xi) liability to third parties for the failure 
of our joint venture partners to fulfil their obligations; 
(xii) changes in, or our failure to comply with, applicable 
laws and regulations (including regulatory measures 
addressing climate change); (xiii) operating hazards, 
including spills, environmental damage, personal or 
property damage and business interruptions caused by 
adverse weather; (xiv) equipment or mechanical failures, 
which could increase costs, decrease revenue and result 
in penalties for failure to meet project completion 
requirements; (xv) the timely delivery of vessels on order 
and the timely completion of ship conversion programmes; 
(xvi) our ability to keep pace with technological changes 
and the impact of potential information technology, 
cybersecurity or data security breaches; (xvii) global 
availability at scale and commercially viability of suitable 
alternative vessel fuels; and (xviii) the effectiveness of our 
disclosure controls and procedures and internal 
control over financial reporting.
Many of these factors are beyond our ability to control 
or predict. Given these uncertainties, you should not place 
undue reliance on the forward-looking statements. We 
undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any 
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new 
information, future events or otherwise.
Subsea 7 S.A. |  Annual Report 2025 231
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUBSEA 7 S.A. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS GLOSSARY

[page 234]
Investor relations
Shareholders, equity analysts, portfolio managers 
and representatives of financial institutions may contact:
Email: ir@subsea7.com Telephone: +44 20 8210 5568
Press enquiries
Representatives of the press may contact:
Email: subsea7corporate.communications@subsea7.com
Financial information
Copies of stock exchange announcements, including the 
Group’s quarterly and semi-annual results and the Annual 
Report are available at www.subsea7.com.
Any shareholder requiring a printed copy of the 
Group’s Annual Report can request this via the website 
www.subsea7.com.
Stock listings
Common shares – traded on the Oslo Stock Exchange 
under the symbol SUBC – www.oslobors.no. 
ISIN: LU0075646355 LEI: 222100AIF0CBCY80AH62
Registrar – common shares
Registrar for the shares of Subsea 7 S.A., recorded in the 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository, 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (Euronext Securities Oslo):
DNB Bank ASA Postboks 1600 Sentrum 0021 Oslo, Norway 
Telephone: +47 23 26 80 16 Email: sten.sundby@dnb.no
Depositary bank – ADRs
Subsea 7 S.A. has a sponsored Level 1 ADR facility, 
for which Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas acts as 
depositary. Each ADR represents one common share of the 
Company. The ADRs are quoted over-the-counter (OTC) 
in the US under the ticker symbol SUBCY.
For enquiries, beneficial ADR holders may contact:
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas c/o Equiniti Trust 
Company, LLC, Peck Slip Station PO Box 2050, New York 
NY10272-2050, USA
US toll free: +1 866 249 2593  
International: +1 718 921 8137  
Email: adr@equiniti.com
Further information is available at: www.equiniti.com.
Financial calendar
Subsea 7 S.A. intends to publish its quarterly financial 
results for 2026 on the following dates:
Q1 2026 results 30 April 2026
Q2 and H1 2026 results 30 July 2026
Q3 2026 results 19 November 2026
Q4 and FY 2026 results 25 February 2027
2026 Annual General Meeting
12 May 2026 at 15:00 CET 412F,  
route d’Esch L-1471 Luxembourg
Registered office
412F, route d’Esch L-1471 Luxembourg
Website
www.subsea7.com
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION CONTINUED
Subsea 7 S.A.
 |
 Annual Report 2025232
GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTSSTRATEGIC REPORT

[page 235]
This report is printed on paper certified in accordance with the FSC® 
(Forest Stewardship Council®) and is recyclable and acid-free. Principal Colour 
Ltd is FSC certified and ISO 14001 certified showing that it is committed to all 
round excellence and improving environmental performance is an important 
part of this strategy. Principal Colour Ltd aims to reduce at source the effect its 
operations have on the environment and is committed to continual improvement, 
prevention of pollution and compliance with any legislation or industry standards.
Designed and produced by Black Sun Global.  
A Positive Change Group company. 
Printed by Principal Colour Ltd.

[page 236]
Subsea7 is a global leader in the delivery of offshore 
projects and services for the energy industry. 
Subsea7 makes offshore energy transition possible 
through the continuous evolution of lower-carbon oil 
and gas and by enabling the growth of renewables 
and emerging energy. The company employs over 
13,000 people and operates in over 30 countries.
Subsea 7 is listed on the Oslo Børs (SUBC), 
ISIN LU0075646355, LEI 222100AIF0CBCY80AH62 
Registered office: 412F Route d’Esch, L-2086 Luxembourg
subsea7.com 
Follow us @subsea7official 
© 2026