# SBM Offshore NV (SBMO.AS)
# primary source: SBM-Offshore-Annual-Report-2025.pdf  (318 pages)

[page 1]
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

[page 2]
2 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
 
NOTES TO THE READER
DISCLAIMER – PRINTED/PDF VERSION
This document is the printed/pdf or ‘website 
version’ and is not the official annual financial 
reporting, including the audited financial 
statements thereto pursuant to article 2:361 
of the Dutch Civil Code. The official annual 
financial reporting, including the audited financial 
statements and the independent auditor’s 
report thereto, are included in the single report 
package (‘ESEF package’) which can be found 
in the download center of the 2025 Annual 
Report website. In case of any discrepancies 
between this document and the ESEF package, 
the latter prevails. Note that the independent 
auditor’s opinion included in this document 
does not relate to this document but only to the 
ESEF package. No rights can be derived from 
using this document, including the unofficial 
copy of the independent auditor’s report. Our 
independent auditor did not determine (nor do 
they need to) that the printed/pdf or website 
version is identical to the official version. 
MANAGEMENT REPORT 
The management report (‘bestuursverslag’) 
within the meaning of section 2:391 of the Dutch 
Civil Code comprises of the chapters Business 
Environment, Governance (excluding the Report 
of the Supervisory Board and the Remuneration 
Report), and Sustainability Statement and section 
4.1 of the chapter Financial Information. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND 
DATA LIMITATIONS
Some of the statements contained in this report 
that are not historical facts are statements of 
future expectations and other forward-looking 
statements based on management’s current 
views, expectations and various assumptions 
regarding the financial and non-financial position 
of SBM Offshore N.V., anticipated developments 
and other factors, and involve known and 
unknown risks, dependencies and uncertainties 
that could cause actual results, performance, 
or events to differ materially from those in such 
statements. These statements may be identified 
by words such as ‘expect’, ‘should’, ‘could’, 
‘shall’ and/or similar expressions. Such forward-
looking statements are subject to various risks 
and uncertainties. The principal risks which could 
affect the future operations of SBM Offshore 
N.V. are described in the ‘Impacts, Risks & 
Opportunities’ section of this 2025 Annual 
Report. Should one or more of these risks or 
uncertainties materialize, or should underlying 
assumptions prove incorrect, actual results and 
performance of the Company’s business may 
vary materially and adversely from the forward-
looking statements described in this report.   
SBM Offshore N.V. does not intend and does not 
assume any obligation to update any industry 
information or forward-looking statements set 
forth in this report to reflect new information, 
subsequent events or otherwise.
Data underpinning certain disclosures – 
particularly those in the Sustainability Statement 
– may be subject to inherent limitations. These 
limitations include but are not limited to reliance 
on third party data providers whose data quality, 
completeness and integrity may differ; the use 
of estimates and assumptions where actual data 
is unavailable or incomplete; and dependencies 
on value chain partners for timely and accurate 
information provision. Methodologies, standards 
and regulatory requirements for measuring and 
reporting information – especially sustainability 
related information – continue to evolve. As 
a result, our measurement approaches and 
reported figures may be refined over time 
as more accurate, granular or standardised 
data becomes available. Accordingly, all data, 
and emissions data in particular, should be 
interpreted in light of these limitations and the 
ongoing maturation of sustainability reporting 
practices across our value chain.

[page 3]
TABLE OF CONTENTS
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 3
1 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT 4
1.1 At a Glance 6
1.2 Business Context 13
1.3 Strategy and Value Creation 18
1.4 Impacts, Risks and Opportunities 24
1.5 Business Performance 30
2 GOVERNANCE 42
2.1 Corporate Governance Statement 44
2.2 Report of the Supervisory Board 57
2.3 Remuneration Report 62
2.4 Shareholder Information 74
2.5 Risk and Compliance 77
2.6 Company Tax Policy 81
2.7 Operational Governance 82
2.8 Statement of the Management Board on Risk
Management 84
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 86
3.1 General information 88
3.2 Environment information 94
3.3 Social information 111
3.4 Governance information 122
3.5 Other ESG-related topics 126
3.6 ESG Main Indicators 128
3.7 Reporting boundaries 149
3.8 ESG Content index 161
3.9 Datapoints that derive from other EU
legislation 165
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025 172
4.1 Financial Review 176
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
4.2 Consolidated Financial Statements 191
4.3 Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements 211
4.4 Company Financial Statements 285
4.5 Notes to the Company Financial Statements 288
4.6 Independent auditor’s report 294
4.7 Other information 304
4.8 Key Figures 305
5 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 308
5.1 Business topics definitions 310
5.2 Limited Assurance Report of the Independent
Auditor 311
5.3 Glossary 314
5.4 Addresses and Contact Details 316

[page 4]
4 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
 
BUSINESS 
ENVIRONMENT

[page 5]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 5
BUSINESS 
ENVIRONMENT
CHAPTER 1

[page 6]
6 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
1.1 A T A GLANCE
1.1.1 MESSAGE FROM THE CEO
The fundamentals of our organization –  
strategy, technical expertise, and  
commercial mindset – are firmly in place.  
The year’s results provide clear proof of our 
ability to fulfill our mission profitably.
Øivind Tangen
Chief Executive Officer  
& Member of the Management Board
It is with great pride that I look back at the progress made
by our or
ganization over 2025.
Our teams are embracing the excellence journey we set out
to pursue together. And through that, we are striving to
deliver on our ’True. Blue. Transition.’ promise, which
guides SBM Offshore in fulfilling a sustainable role in
society.
This year, we brought three of the industry’s largest and
most complex Floating Production Storage and Offloading
(FPSO) units with an aggregate 655,000 barrels of oil
equivalent per day capacity online within six months,
setting yet another standard for pace and operational
excellence in the deepwater offshore industry.
FPSOs 
Almirante Tamandaré and Alexandre de Gusmão
delivered first oil to Petrobras in February and May, and
FPSO ONE GUYANA delivered first oil to ExxonMobil in
August. These units transitioned seamlessly from the yard
phase into the production phase, each more efficiently than
the previous, bringing learnings from one to the next.
SBM Offshore’s fleet now stands at 16 FPSOs, with a total
daily production volume closing in on 2 million barrels; all
whilst maintaining consistent safety and uptime
performance. These results are a testament to the
capabilities of our teams and their unwavering commitment
to protecting the health and wellbeing of those involved in
our activities.
Our safety culture is the foundation of everything we do.
This year, the dedication of our teams enabled us to meet
1 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

[page 7]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 7
one of our most important commitments: delivering our
operat
ions with zero fatalities or permanent impairment
injuries. Achieving this in a year of such intense activity
underscores the depth of our care for one another and the
strength of the systems we continue to refine.
This is the very essence of the value creation we seek as a
learning organization, continuously improving and refining
every element of our lifecycle FPSO offering: designing,
constructing, commissioning, operating and ultimately
decommissioning each vessel.
Our long-term strategy of Advancing the Core and
Pioneering More continues to bear fruit.
ADVANCING THE CORE:
We have delivered eight Multi-Purpose Floaters (MPFs). Six
are now in operation and two have been delivered to
projects under construction. With two more in progress, we
are well-positioned in a strong market.
Our three major projects under construction: FPSO 
Jaguar
for ExxonMobil, FSO Chalchi for Woodside, and FPSO
GranMorgu for TotalEnergies, are progressing as per plan.
Equally, the preparations in our new countries of operation,
Mexico and Suriname, are progressing in line with our
operational readiness plans.
Optimizing asset lifecycle management is key to delivering
the value inherent in our backlog. To further our
operational efficiency and leverage the scale of our fleet,
we are building strategic collaborations with Cognite and
SLB to industrialize our ability to leverage fleet data. These
partnerships enable us to accelerate such optimization
capabilities, making our fleet more efficient, reliable and
safe.
Similarly, we are engaging with innovation partners in
robotics, with an ambition to transform how we execute
certain activities to reduce personnel exposure and
increase productivity.
PIONEERING MORE:
SBM Offshore’s expertise in ocean infrastructure positions
us to support more sustainable growth of the Blue
Economy through decarbonization, diversification,
purposeful innovation and standardization. We are
committed to offering long-term solutions to our clients to
support the energy transition and contribute to moving the
market towards its net-zero ambitions. This year, we
achieved ABS Approval in Principle for an FPSO design
integrating carbon capture technology, developed with
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, al
lowing for up to 80%
reduction in GHG emissions. We also advanced the design
of a Blue Ammonia FPSO.
Presenting opportunities and challenges, 2025 was not
without its headwinds. Shifting international dynamics have
renewed the world’s focus on energy security within the
energy trilemma. With market activity increasing in our key
regions, we remain selective, pursuing only the highest
quality projects that generate the right returns and
leverage our unique skills. Our core business, refined
through a decade of our Fast4Ward program, has proven
robust and resilient, positioning us well for the strong FPSO
market outlook in the Atlantic basin. Much attention this
year has been paid to potential tenders, as well. We are
establishing our presence in emerging markets, such as
Namibia, to position commercial readiness.
The fundamentals of our organization – strategy, technical
expertise, and commercial mindset – are firmly in place.
The year’s results provide clear proof of our ability to fulfill
our mission profitably. This success is built on the talent and
dedication of our people. We have strengthened our focus
on inclusion, diversity and equity, ensuring our workforce
reflects the societies in which we operate, and we are
committed to fostering an environment where every
employee can thrive and contribute to our shared purpose.
Such solid performance by our teams is a clear testament
to the pursuit of excellence in all that we do. This
commitment is reflected in several key achievements with
Directional revenue of US$5.1 billion and Directional
EBITDA of US$1.7 billion for 2025 and a Directional EBITDA
guidance for 2026 of around US$1.8 billion. A 57% increase
in cash returns to shareholders is supported by a robust
backlog and a healthy and rising demand for newbuild,
large, and complex FPSOs across our focused regions.
In closing, I remain confident in the depth of our ocean
infrastructure expertise, the outstanding capabilities of our
teams, and the resilience of our business model. We
continue to uphold the highest standards of safety and
maintain excellence in every element of our lifecycle
offering, setting benchmarks within our industry. These
results would not be possible without the trust and support
of our stakeholders, for which I am sincerely grateful.
Thank you for your ongoing confidence in SBM Offshore
and in our journey together.

[page 8]
8 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
1 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT
TRAINING HOURS 
PER EMPLOYEE
37
99.1%
FLEET PRODUCTION
UPTIME
2,667,000 
FLEET OIL PRODUCTION
CAPACITY 
(BOPD)
PEOPLE
8,178
FATALITY OR PERMANENT
IMPAIRMENT INJURY
0
ASSETS LEASED
AND/OR OPERATED
16
DIRECTIONAL TOTAL ASSETS
US$11.7 billion
MARKET CAPITALIZATION
US$4.93 billion
DIRECTIONAL NET PROFIT
US$677 million
EBITDA BASED ON 
IFRS ACCOUNTING POLICY
US$1,852 million
PRO-FORMA
DIRECTIONAL BACKLOG
US$31.1 billion
IFRS NET PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE
TO SHAREHOLDERS
US$922 million
DIRECTIONAL EBITDA
US$1,709 million
PROPOSED CASH RETURN
TO SHAREHOLDERS
c. US$440 million 
COMPANY
HIGHLIGHTS

[page 9]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 9
1.1.2 2025 IN BRIEF
FIRST QUAR
TER
• Lucia de Andrade and Denise Dettingmeijer appointed as members of the Supervisory Board.
• SBM Offshore completed the transactions related to the Share Purchase Agreements with its partner MISC Berhad for:
1) t
he acquisition of MISC Berhad’s entire effective equity interest in the lease and operating entities related to the FPSO
Espirito Santo in Brazil; and 2) the full divestment to MISC Berhad of SBM Offshore’s effective equity interest in the lease
and operating entities of the FPSO Kikeh in Malaysia.
• FPSO Almirante Tamandaré was formally on hire as of February 16, 2025, after achieving first oil and the completion of a
72-hour continuous production test, leading to Final Acceptance.
• Full Year 2024 Earnings: Directional Revenue was US$6.1 billion (+35%), in line with guidance. Directional EBITDA was
US$1.9 bil
lion (+44%), in line with guidance. Backlog was US$35.1 billion. 30% increase in annual cash return to
shareholders of US$155 million dividend and US$150 million share repurchase.
SECOND QUARTER
• Signed a non-recourse sale and leaseback financing agr eement for FPSO Cidade de Paraty for the total amount of US$400
million and with a tenor of 8 years.
• Bernard Bajolet stepped down as member of the Supervisory Board after the 2025 Annual General Meeting.
• Completed EUR130 million share repurchase program initiated in 2024, and the commencement of a EUR141 million
(US$150 mil
lion equivalent) share repurchase program.
• Secured a US$1.1 billion unsecured Revolving Credit Facility (RCF) with a group of 13 international banks to r efinance its
existing US$1.0 billion RCF, which was due to expire in February 2026. The new RCF has a tenor of five years and two one-
year extension options, as well as an uncommitted option to increase the facility by an additional US$500 million.
• Cash dividend of EUR150 million (equivalent to EUR0.8606 per ordinary share) approved. Share repurchase program on
track, c. 6.75% completed.
• First Quarter 2025 Trading Update: Y ear-to-date Directional revenue of US$1,103 million, up 27% versus 1Q 2024 and full
year 2025 Directional revenue and EBITDA guidance maintained.
• FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão was on hire as of May 24, 2025, after achieving first oil and the completion of a 72-hour
continuous production test leading to Final Acceptance.
• Signed a Share Purchase Agreement for the full divestment of SBM Offshore’s equity interest in the lease and operating
ent
ities of the FPSO Aseng to GEPetrol. SBM Offshore’s exit from Equatorial Guinea will take place following an
operational transition phase lasting up to 12 months.
• Signed an operations and maintenance contract with TotalEnergies EP Suriname B.V ., an affil iate of TotalEnergies, for the
FPSO GranMorgu, as part of the field development project located in Block 58 in Suriname.
THIRD QUARTER
• Half Year 2025: full year Directional revenue guidance increased from above US$4.9 billion to above US$5.0 billion. Full
year Dir
ectional EBITDA guidance increased from around US$1.55 billion to above US$1.6 billion.
• Year-to-date Directional revenue increased to US$2.3 billion (+26) and year-to-date Directional EBITDA increased to
US$682 mil
lion (+10%).
• FPSO ONE GUYANA produced first oil on August 8, 2025, and was formally on hire.
FOURTH QUARTER
• The Supervisory Board intends to propose the following reappointments: Øivind Tangen, CEO, for a second four-year term
and Roeland Baan, as member and Chair of t
he Supervisory Board for an additional two-year term, at the AGM on April 15,
2026.
• Third Quarter Trading Update: Increase in year-to-date Directional revenue to US$3.6 billion, up 26% versus 3Q 2024. 2025
Dir
ectional EBITDA guidance increased from above US$1.6 billion to around US$1.65 billion. 2025 Directional revenue
guidance of above US$5.0 billion maintained.
• Completed the transaction related to the Share Purchase Agreement announced on June 4, 2025, for the full divestment of
SBM Of
fshore’s equity interest in the lease and operating entities of FPSO Aseng to GEPetrol.
• Signed a contract extension related to the lease and operation of FPSOs Mondo and Saxi Batuque with Esso Exploration
Angola (Block 15) Limited, as the Operator of Block 15, an affiliate of ExxonMobil. The extension secures ownership and
operations by SBM Offshore until 2032.

[page 10]
10 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
1.1.3 PERFORMANCE SUMMARY
Over t
he years, SBM Offshore has matured its performance
management, data control, target setting and reporting –
most notably from 2014 – using the Global Reporting
Initiative (GRI) as the main framework, which integrates
business and Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
topics in one Materiality Assessment.
The last Materiality Assessment was conducted in 2023 and
is renewed every four years. In the intervening years, when
necessary, SBM Offshore makes updates to the assessment
in light of shifts in the surrounding context, including
relevant changes in economic, environmental and social
impacts.
REPORTING STRUCTURE
According to the European Sustainability Reporting
Standards (ESRS), the sustainability information shall
disclose the material data, and distinguish between
information required by the Standards and other
information included in the report.
The topics included in the report are embedded and
r
eflected in SBM Offshore’s strategy, processes and plans.
In the 2024 report, in order to comply with the ESRS
requirements and to provide a clearer narrative, the 12
topics resulting from the 2023 Double Materiality
Assessment (DMA) were divided into two main categories
and chapters: Business and Sustainability. This approach
has been also adopted for this 2025 report.
Included in chapter 1, along with an explanation of
SBM Offshore’s business context, are the six topics purely
related to the business and strategy: Energy Transition;
Operational Excellence and Quality; Digitalization;
Innovation; Market Positioning; and Economic Impact.
The remaining six topics assessed as material in accordance
with the ESRS are presented as Material Topics and
reported in the Sustainability Statement (chapter 3).
ENERGY TRANSITION EMISSIONS
BUSINESS TOPICS
CHAPTER 1
MATERIAL TOPICS
CHAPTER 3
E
S
G
OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE  
& QUALITY DECOMMISSIONING
DIGITALIZATION OUR PEOPLE
INNOVATION HEALTH, SAFETY & SECURITY
MARKET POSITIONING HUMAN RIGHTS
ECONOMIC IMPACT ETHICS & COMPLIANCE
Last year, the Management Board and Supervisory Board
members wer
e consulted and validated the changes to the
reporting structure. SBM Offshore is confident that the
actual structure provides a clearer understanding of the
business, management approach and performance.
1 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

[page 11]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 11
MATERIAL TOPICS OVERVIEW
T
o provide a concise summary and quick overview of the
material topics, the table below aims to present the key
policies, targets, metrics and performance. Each material
topic is furt
her detailed in its respective section in chapter 3
– Sustainability Statement.
MATERIAL TOPICS OVERVIEW
Key Policies Key Objectives/Targets Key Performance Indicators 2025 Results
Environmental
SDGs related: 7, 8, 9, 13 and 14.
Emissions (sect ions 3.2.1, 3.2.2 and 3.6.1.1)
Sustainability Policy
Enhance energy efficiency and r educe
emissions.
Climate Neutral by 2025 for Scope 1 and
2 (market-based)1.
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions
(tonnes of CO2e)
Delivered since
2024
Source 100% renewable energy by 2030
for Scope 1 and 22.
Scope 1 and 2 energy consumption
fr
om renewable sources (%) 69%
50% reduction in GHG intensity for
Scope 3 – Downstr
eam Leased Assets by
2030 vs. 2016 baseline3.
Reduction in GHG emissions
intensity for Scope 3 – Downstr
eam
Leased Assets (%)
-28%
Lower-carbon FPSO available to the
market by 2025.
Lower-carbon FPSO available to the
market. Delivered in 2025
Decommissioning (sect ion 3.2.3)
Responsible Recycling
Pol
icy
Safe and sustainable recycling
applying t
he EU Ship Recycling
Regulation (or equivalent).
Development of Decommissioning and
Recycl
ing (D&R) strategic plans for
offshore production facilities4.
D&R strategic plans developed for
tar
get units5 (%) 100%
Social
SDGs related: 3, 4 and 8.
Our People (sect ions 3.3.1 and 3.6.2.1)
Code of conduct
Inclusion, Diversity &
Equity Pol
icy
Sustainability Policy
Attract and empower a diverse,
skil
led, and high-performing
workforce that drives employee
growth and supports long-term
business success.
Promote an ethical, inclusive, and
engaging work envir
onment that
empowers people.
Strengthen competency-based
management.
Optimize workforce & performance.
New hires ratio (%) 15%
Employee turnover rate (%) 8%
Average of training hours per
employee 37 hours
Engagement score in Pulse Survey
(%)
88%
Health, Safety and Security (sect ions 3.3.2 and 3.6.2.2)
Sustainability Policy
No Harm, No Defects, No Leaks
0 FPI. Fatalities and Permanent
Impairments (FPI)
0
Below 0.50.
Below t
he IOGP benchmark: 0.81.
Total Recordable Injury Frequency
Rate (TRIFR) 0.72
NA Lost Time Injuries Frequency Rate
(L
TIFR) 0.32
Below 1. Tier 1 PSE6 1
NA Maintained ISO cert ifications 100%
NA Oil spills above 1 bbl7 (#) 0
50% below the IOGP benchmark. Oil-in-water discharge to sea 2.71
77% below IOGP
benchmark

[page 12]
12 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
MATERIAL TOPICS OVERVIEW
Key Policies Key Objectives/Targets Key Performance Indicators 2025 Results
Human Rights (sect ion 3.3.3)
Code of Conduct
Sustainabil
ity Policy
SBM Offshore’s Human
Rights Standards
Modern Slavery
Statement
Supply Chain Charter
Fully embed human rights and social
perfor
mance within SBM Offshore to
achieve no harm.
Suppliers Human Rights Due Diligence
Suppliers qual ified during the year
who signed the Supply Chain
Charter8 (%)
100%
ABCD criticality suppliers qual ified
during the year assessed on human
rights as part of the qualification
process9 (%)
100%
Yards Human Rights Due Diligence
Active yards undergone a human
rights due d
iligence assessment (%) 100%
Active yards with non-conformity
items wit
h an action plan in place (%) 100%
Governance
SDGs related: 8.
Ethics and Compliance (sect ions 2.5.2 and 3.4.1)
Code of Conduct
Business Et
hics Policy
under Code of Conduct
Speak Up Policy
Privacy Policy
Zero tolerance for bribery, corruption,
fraud or any ot
her form of
misconduct.
Zero‑tolerance stance towar d bribery,
corruption, fraud, breaches of trade
sanctions, money laundering, and any
form of unlawful or unethical behavior.
Confirmed cases of corrupt ion (#) 0
Reports received under
SBM Of
fshore’s Speak Up Policy (#) 189
Code of Conduct training. Compliance training hours
completed (#)
3,537
1 Balancing emissions associated with market-based office-r elated emissions.
2 Including the use of certified climate projects to compensate any residual scope 1 and 2 emissions.
3 The 2016 base year considers the emissions performance of 202 kg CO 2e/tonnes of HC.
4 D&R strategic plans are a set of actions and a framework to ensure viable and timely cleaning, dismantling, and recycling options.
5 Target units in 2025 are the offshore production facilities with cessation of production expected by 2029: FPSOs N'Goma and Espirito Santo.
6 Tier 1 PSE with more than 3 severity weight points as per API 754.
7 Based on IOGP definition.
8 All suppliers included.
9 Criticality ’E’ is assigned to suppliers and items that do not have critical issues related to Health and Safety, Environment, Cost, Schedule, or Reputation
criteria, and therefore are not included in the severity and likelihood criticality rating process.
1 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

[page 13]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 13
1.2 BUSINESS CONTEXT
Global cl
imate ambitions remain high, yet delivery is
increasingly constrained by political cycles, economic
uncertainty, and disparate policy execution. Mainstream
energy scenarios now converge on a trajectory in which
global warming exceeds 2°C by the end of the century
1
.
Under current assumptions, the International Energy
Agency projects warming of approximately 2.5°C in its
Stated Policies Scenario and close to 2.9°C under existing
policies.  And while technological pathways for
decarbonization are well established, progress is lagging
due to the scale of investment required and the pace of
implementation.
At the same time, global energy demand continues to
grow. By 2035, total energy consumption is expected to
increase by 8–15%1, driven almost entirely by emerging
economies. Efficiency improvements and electrification play
a meaningful role in moderating demand growth, but they
are not sufficient to offset the structural expansion of
energy needs.
Digitalization is adding a new and rapidly growing layer of
demand, with electricity consumption from data centers
expected to double within the next five years. The
transition itself is introducing new structural risks. Supply
chains for critical minerals are highly concentrated, creating
exposure to geopolitical and trade disruptions.
Within this context, the energy transition is advancing, with
electricity becoming the dominant energy carrier and
renewables expanding at scale. Meanwhile, oil and gas are
1 IEA, W orld Energy Outlook 2025
expected to remain integral to the global energy system for
decades. Depend
ing on policy outcomes, oil demand may
peak within the next decade, but under current policy
settings it could continue to grow well beyond it. Natural
gas follows a similar trajectory, remaining essential for
power generation and industrial applications, peaking later
than oil in more ambitious transition pathways.
In the near term, geopolitical and macroeconomic volatility
is likely to influence investment decisions, delaying less
resilient projects. Over the longer term, the need to replace
declining reserves supports solid market fundamentals.
Capital allocation in new energy solutions is becoming
increasingly selective, with greater emphasis on scalability,
resilience, and returns.
Together, these trends reinforce the importance of
balanced portfolios, disciplined investment, and
technology advancement. As these dynamics reshape the
global energy landscape, the offshore environment
emerges as an increasingly strategic domain for both
traditional and new energy value chains.
1.2.1 BLUE ECONOMY
The Blue Economy looks at the vast potential of the
oceans, seas and coasts to bring sustainable economic
growth to both developing and developed countries,
creating jobs and prosperity for people while maintaining
the long-term health of the ocean environment. It brings
together various economic sectors and the policies
governing them, to ensure the overall impact on ocean
resources is sustainable.
BLUE ECONOMY
Activities that transport and  
process resources in the ocean
Processing
Storing
Resource management
Offshore relocation
Activities that focus on  
improving environmental health
Pollution prevention
Marine life
Environment protection
Activities that produce resources  
from natural ocean sources
Energy
Mineral
Biotechnology
Food & water
Resource production
BLUE 
ECONOMY
Non-marine activities beneﬁtting  
from relocating to offshore
(Off) Loading
Shipping
Industrial
Social

[page 14]
14 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Every year, the Blue Economy has an estimated turnover of
between US$3 and US$6 tril
lion2. From maritime transport
to fisheries and aquaculture, marine renewable energy and
carbon sequestration to coastal tourism, it encompasses a
wide range of economic activities and growing
opportunities.
SBM Offshore, with its decades of experience in ocean
infrastructure, is part of the Blue Economy. The capabilities
gained from delivering over 500 floating structures
worldwide already play a role in various value chains, such
as the oil and gas sector and offshore wind. Such skills and
expertise are also readily transferable to other value chains,
and SBM Offshore is actively exploring new avenues within
the Blue Economy to deliver sustainable economic growth
in the world’s oceans.
1.2.2 MARKET SEGMENTATION
OIL AND GAS PRODUCTION VALUE CHAIN
FPSO
SBM Offshore delivers FPSOs that process well fluids into
stabilized crude oil for temporary storage on board, before
2 Fr om the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs
Exploring the potential of the blue economy | United Nations.
being offloaded to a shut tle tanker. Oil and gas enhanced
recovery systems − such as water injection, gas injection,
chemical injection and gas lift systems − are used to
improve efficiency and production levels. SBM Offshore
provides full lifecycle solutions for FPSOs, including design,
engineering, procurement, construction, installation,
commissioning, operation and decommissioning.
Leveraging its Fast4Ward program, SBM Offshore
accelerates FPSO project delivery, reduces costs and
enhances HSSE performance through standardization.
SBM Offshore also invests in the development of
decarbonization technologies, aiming to provide the
market with long-term solutions to support the energy
transition. The latest FPSO designs include several carbon
reduction features, such as CO2 removal from gas streams,
all-electric integration and deepwater intake risers.
Turret Mooring
SBM Offshore is a recognized technology provider for
Turrets and Mooring Systems (TMS) and fluid swivels,
providing the offshore industry with a complete range and
variety of solutions delivered through a full EPCI product
lifecycle.
SBM OFFSHORE ACTIVITIES
Oil & Gas FPSOTurret 
Mooring 
System
Oil CALM Buoy
Oil & Gas TLU
Installation
O&G value chain
Power value chain
Floating 
Offshore 
Wind
Floating Energy Hub
 FPSO with integrated 
carbon capture
Carbon Injection 
Terminal
Carbon value chain
 Ammonia value chain
Ammonia Transfer 
Terminal
Blue Ammonia 
FPSO
Terminals
Thr
ough its subsidiary, Imodco, SBM Offshore supplies
offshore (off)loading terminals. The Catenary Anchor Leg
Mooring (CALM) is a Single Point Mooring (SPM) system
composed of a floating buoy that performs the dual
function of keeping a tanker moored and transferring fluids
while allowing the ship to weathervane. The Tower Loading
Unit (TLU) is also an SPM system, suitable for shallow water
depths, harsh environments, and multiple transfer
applications. SBM Offshore provides full lifecycle solutions
for terminals, including design, engineering, construction,
instal
lation and after sales services.
Installation
When it comes to the installation of its floating facilities,
SBM Offshore is able to propose integrated installation
services with in-house installation engineering expertise
together with its own dedicated installation vessel, the
Normand Installer, which was specifically built for
deepwater mooring installation and hook-up. It therefore
1 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

[page 15]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 15
offers SBM Offshore a unique value proposition for its
FPSO instal
lation, as the sole FPSO provider maintaining
full control of its floater installation.
Asset management
SBM Offshore consistently leverages data to optimize fleet
operations and asset lifecycles. Its portfolio of services
focuses on reliability, integrity and performance of offshore
assets.
POWER VALUE CHAIN
Floating Offshore Wind (FOW)
Floating offshore wind turbines enable access to deeper
water than conventional fixed-bottom wind turbines. This
reduces visibility from shore and expands the viable area
for wind energy deployment, potentially to areas with
higher and steadier wind characteristics. Since 2023,
SBM Offshore has been leveraging its Float4Wind® concept
with tension leg mooring alongside its experience in EPCI
for floating solutions to tap into the developing FOW
market. These activities are carried out by Ekwil, a joint
venture between SBM Offshore and Technip Energies,
created in 2024.
Floating Energy Hub
Float
ing Energy Hubs are ocean infrastructure assets
addressing the limitations of traditional shore-based power
systems. The demand for lower-carbon electric power is
sharply increasing, and SBM Offshore is exploring the
provision of reliable, affordable, lower-carbon electricity to
both decarbonize offshore power generation and
contribute to supporting the electricity grid in offshore
environments. SBM Offshore has signed a few partnership
agreements in this field to further advance the
development and commercialization of a floating gas-
powered hub with carbon capture.
CARBON VALUE CHAIN
Carbon Capture Module
SBM Offshore has developed, with a partner, a qualified
carbon capture module to capture carbon emissions from
the gas turbines onboard FPSOs. This compact modular
solution allows a reduction of more than 70% of the overall
emissions associated with the production of oil and gas
from FPSOs. The solution leverages SBM Offshore’s
industry-leading Fast4Ward principles and is an important
milestone towards SBM Offshore’s net-zero ambition.
SBM OFFSHORE SUPPLY RECORD


[page 16]
16 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Carbon Injection Terminal
SBM Of
fshore’s CO2-injection Tower Loading Unit enables a
cost-efficient alternative scheme to carbon capture and
storage (CCS) pipeline projects with three functions: carrier
berthing, CO2 transfer, and hoisting the injection booster
pumps to match the offshore CO2 storage reservoir
pressure.
AMMONIA VALUE CHAIN
Ammonia T
ransfer Terminal
SBM Offshore’s suite of jetty-less concepts for safe and
cost-efficient transfer systems is well suited for ammonia
export or import projects, characterized by the large and
frequent loading or offloading of ammonia carriers.
1 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

[page 17]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 17
RIO DE JANEIRO
SHOREBASE
FPSO ESPIRITO SANTO
FPSO CIDADE DE ANCHIETA
FPSO SEPETIBA
FPSO ALMIRANTE TAMANDARÉ
FPSO ALEXANDRE DE GUSMAO
VITÓRIA
SANTOS
FPSO CIDADE DE PARATY
FPSO CIDADE DE ILHABELA
FPSO CIDADE DE MARICÁ
FPSO CIDADE DE SAQUAREMA
GEORGETOWN
SHOREBASE
FPSO LIZA DESTINY
FPSO LIZA UNITY
FPSO PROSPERITY 
FPSO ONE GUYANA
MEXICO CITY
PARAMARIBO  
HOUSTON
MONACO
CARROS
MARLY
PORTO
AMSTERDAM
Corporate Headquarters
 
ROTTERDAM
LUANDA
FPSO MONDO
FPSO SAXI BATUQUE
N’GOMA FPSO
BANGALORE
WINDHOEK
KUALA LUMPUR
SINGAPORE
SHANGHAI
NANTONG 
QIDONG 
YANTAI 
QINGDAO
SHANGHAI
UNITSSHOREBASESOFFICES CONSTRUCTION YARDS R&D LABORATORY

[page 18]
18 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
1.3 STRA TEGY AND VALUE
CREATION
1.3.1 PURPOSE AND PROMISE
PURPOSE
As experts with a heritage of pioneering innovation,
SBM Offshore has been at the forefront of deepwater
ocean infrastructure for over 60 years and is committed to
advancing the responsible harnessing of ocean resources.
SBM Offshore’s purpose is to share this experience for a
better blue tomorrow, as the oceans play a fundamental
role in the sustainable future of the world.
PROMISE
Energy is fundamental to human progress, prosperity and
wellbeing. It is also the cornerstone of SBM Offshore’s story.
According to analysis from the IEA, the world will need all
energy sources for years to come to meet global demand.
SBM Offshore has a long track record of delivering complex
projects and market-leading ocean infrastructure serving
the offshore energy sector. With its deepwater expertise,
SBM Offshore is renowned for designing, building and
operating innovative solutions that have enabled more
efficient oil and gas production while protecting life above
and below water. Despite the challenges inherent in its
business, SBM Offshore is committed to supporting and
contributing to the energy transition through innovation,
product development and reducing emissions, seeking to
advance towards a net-zero future by working
collaboratively within the value chain and the broader
energy ecosystem.
True. Blue. Transition. is SBM Of
 fshore’s  promise, guiding
the Company’s ambition to fulfil a sustainable role in
society. It both illustrates a continuous drive for progress
and aligns the fundamental beliefs of the organization with
its actions. This promise recognizes the strength of the
Group’s strategy and potential across the blue economy,
positioning SBM Offshore for meaningful growth in current
and future markets. Simply put, it is about advancing the
core and pioneering more.
Advancing the Core
SBM Offshore remains committed to its core activities,
while advancing towards a net-zero future. To support this,
SBM Offshore develops ocean infrastructure solutions
promoting the decarbonization and increasing efficiency of
traditional oil and gas production through proven and
progressive ocean infrastructure expertise.
Pioneering More
At the same time, SBM Offshore applies its capabilities to
unlock new markets by expanding its interests within the
energy industry and other sectors. Its innovative ocean
infrastructure, pioneering spirit and expertise present
enormous potential for other sectors to grow through new
business operations and models. To maximize these
opportunities, SBM Offshore partners with other
progressive organizations – sharing values, risk and reward
– to amplify the impact of its work.
1 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

[page 19]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 19


[page 20]
20 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
1.3.2 VALUES AND CAPABILITIES
V
ALUES
SBM Offshore’s core values are the foundations of its
identity and guide every aspect of operations – shaping
behavior, directing actions and decisions, and driving
commitment in pursuit of its goals. The values recognize
that achieving success in this sector is enormously complex.
They also reflect the responsibility SBM Offshore has as a
company, with its individual actions having a significant
effect on people, the planet and the future.
Integrity
We uphold our principles with honesty to build lasting trust.
Care
We put the protection of people and the environment first.
Collaboration
We unite around a shared purpose to deliver innovative
solutions and excellence together.
Ownership
We demonstrate discipline and accountability in both
individual responsibilities and collective success.
To embed these values and nurture a strong organizational
culture, SBM Offshore employees, called ’SBMers’, are
supported by a leadership framework, called RISE, and
robust people-centric practices as outlined in section 3.3.1.
CAPABILITIES
SBM Offshore’s market-leading capabilities are the power
behind its ’True. Blue. Transition.’ promise.
Expert versatility
SBMers possess a wide range of competencies and
expertise. Teams maintain exceptional levels of efficiency
while adapting to different customers, markets and
scenarios. This set of transferable skills, coupled with the
flexibility to meet the needs of existing and emerging
markets, power SBM Offshore’s strategy.
Purposeful innovation
SBM Offshore is a business with innovation deeply rooted
in its DNA. With a history of achieving progress in an
economically, environmentally and socially profitable way,
SBM Offshore’s ongoing delivery of ’industry firsts’ is a
testament to this, recognizable throughout the offshore
world.
Delivery excellence
SBM Offshore offers a large collective of experts spanning
the entire lifecycle of the asset, from engineering to
construction to operations and decommissioning. This
means it can provide the greatest level of certainty to the
market. SBM Offshore consistently provides customers with
solutions that create value, meet specified performance
tar
gets and offer a high delivery assurance.
Integrated partnerships
SBM Offshore has built a mature, fully integrated and
adaptive model of global partnerships, joint ventures and
supplier relationships. Its ability to collaborate within the
business and beyond enables the offer of a seamless
delivery model in which risk and reward are appropriately
shared throughout the value chain, promoting best-value
outcomes for customers. It is a model that supports
regional nuances and is adaptable to local economies and
communities, enabling SBM Offshore to deliver anywhere
in the world.
Business enablement
SBM Offshore’s innovative financial solutions and
contracting models provide customers with sustainable,
economically viable ways to embark on projects. Enabling
functions create the optimal model for the successful
delivery of highly complex projects and their subsequent
operations. Combined, these capabilities deliver
sustainable business growth and create long-term value for
its people and partners.
Health, Safety and Wellbeing
Thanks to the Target Excellence program and its
objectives: ’No Harm, No Defects, No Leaks’,
SBM Offshore is able to safeguard people and assets, while
managing its impact on the environment and climate.
SBM Offshore strengthens this commitment through its
annual HSSE Day, which celebrates and promotes
protecting life across all company activities.
1 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

[page 21]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 21
1.3.3 STRATEGIC PRIORITIES
SBM Of
fshore’s strategy and capabilities come together to
define the strategic priorities guiding daily operations
towards longer-term goals.
DRIVE EXCELLENCE
SBM Offshore understands its customers’ needs and strives
to consistently deliver on its promise to provide
competitive and high-performing solutions with unwavering
dedication to health, safety and protection of the
environment.
Target
Excel
lence
Preserving life and protection of the
envir
onment by delivering on No Harm, No
Defects, No Leaks.
Execution
Excel
lence
Consistently delivering high-quality, high-
performance pr
oducts and services, on time
and on budget.
Enterprise
Excel
lence
Providing efficient and ef fective people,
processes, tools, governance and controls
to enable the business.
DECARBONIZE AND DIVERSIFY
SBM Of
fshore seeks to play a constructive role and
contribute to the energy transition. This means advancing
the decarbonization journey and diversifying with the aim
of unlocking new markets. SBM Offshore aspires to achieve
net zero by 2050, with intermediary targets for 2030 to
reach carbon neutrality in scope 1 and 2 emissions and
significantly reduce the carbon intensity for scope 3
downstream leased assets.
At the same time, SBM Offshore explores new ocean
infrastructure solutions and develops strategic partnerships
to expand into attractive growth sectors.
GROW ECONOMIC VALUE
SBM Offshore focuses on maximizing value from its existing
backlog, while expanding it through both traditional and
new business opportunities and ensuring responsible
development and more sustainable growth. By accurately
estimating costs and maintaining robust gross margins,
SBM Offshore balances risk and profitability through the
business lifecycle, all while fostering a culture of financial
discipline, cash focus and cost awareness. Through these
efforts, SBM Offshore consistently delivers competitive,
attractive returns for its shareholders.
1.3.4 VALUE CREATION
Sharing experience for a bet
ter blue tomorrow is the basis
for long-term stakeholder value. Value is defined by the
associated benefits for SBM Offshore’s stakeholders and
ESG contributions. Sustained value capture is enabled by
SBM Offshore’s organization model and business model,
and is supported by six business topics and six material
topics.
ORGANIZATION MODEL
SBM Offshore’s organization model represents the internal
mechanisms through which SBM Offshore creates value.
Business activities are organized to maximize financial and
societal value, benefiting SBM Offshore’s stakeholders.
Ocean Infrastructure
A cash-generating platform that delivers the contractual
backlog, comprising SBM Offshore’s operating fleet and
turnkey projects. Ocean Infrastructure SBMers:
• drive excellence by providing competitive, high-quality
and high-performing products and services;
• grow economic value by being technically and
commercially responsible.
Win and Grow
An opportunity-generating platform, dedicated to
maintaining a competitive influx of new prospects and
businesses, developing innovative execution models and
contributing to the energy transition. Win and Grow
SBMers:
• unlock new markets for SBM Offshore;
• progress decarbonization and diversify by exploring new
partnerships and ocean infrastructure solutions.
Global Resources and Services (GR&S)
GR&S power value creation through top-tier resources,
services and processes, working transversely across
multiple projects. GR&S SBMers:
• provide expertise across the entire product lifecycle,
ensuring clients are offered solutions and services that
create value;
• drive excellence by ensuring competitive and high-
quality services on time and on budget.
Enabling Functions
The Enabling Functions ensure business delivery through
the provision of expertise, solutions, infrastructure and
systems. Enabling Functions SBMers:
• drive excellence by leveraging the expertise of a diverse
workforce and digital technologies;
• coordinate SBM Offshore’s expertise to ensure seamless
end-to-end solutions.

[page 22]
22 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
  OCEAN INFRASTRUCTURE
   GLOBAL RESOURCES 
 
& SERVICES (GR&S)
  ENABLING FUNCTIONS
   WIN & GROW
OCEAN  
INFRASTRUCTURE
Sustained excellence in execution  
and operation of growing backlog
WIN & GROW
Securing new business and  
   
E2E PROCESS
profitably entering new markets
BUSINESS MODEL
SBM Of
fshore delivers value along the full lifecycle of
clients’ ocean infrastructure projects, from technology and
business development, to execution, operations and
responsible recycling.
Product development
SBM Offshore engages in innovation, research and
development (R&D) and product development activities
with the aim of:
• developing new technologies and products to capture
opportunities in the blue economy;
• lowering the carbon footprint of SBM Offshore’s
products and fleet operations;
• improving SBM Offshore’s competitiveness by
identifying, developing and offering new technologies
and products.
Business development
SBM Offshore prioritizes early engagement with clients. Its
business development activities focus on driving
sustainable business growth and ensuring a profitable
backlog for current and new products and services.
SBM Offshore ensures optimum results for clients by
offering various financing models:
• Under a lease-and-operate contract, the facility is sold to
asset-specific companies to charter and operate the
asset for the client throughout its lifecycle. The project
debt-financing is arranged at the asset-specific company
level and SBM Offshore’s Revolving Credit Facility is
generally used to cover working capital requirements
during construction.
• Under a build-operate-transfer (BOT) model,
SBM Of
fshore builds and commissions the unit and
leases and operates it for a defined period (the start-up
phase) before sale to the client. After the sale,
SBM Offshore may continue to operate the asset for a
defined period under a separate operations and
maintenance contract.
• Under a sale‑and‑ operate contract, ownership of the
asset is transferred to the client over the construction
period. A turnkey gross margin is generated during
construction, and SBM Offshore may continue to
operate the asset for a defined period under a separate
operations and maintenance agreement.
• Under a direct sale, the client finances the construction
of the unit. A turnkey gross margin is generated during
construction, similar to a sale‑and‑operate model.
No operation and maintenance scope is included..
Project execution
After SBM Offshore is awarded a contract, the project
execution phase begins, during which SBM Offshore
executes Engineering, Procurement, Construction and
Installation (EPCI). SBM Offshore delivers conceptual
studies, basic design and detailed design through in-house
engineering resources. Procurement of equipment and
services represents a substantial part of the total cost of
constructing a floating production system. SBM Offshore
has an integrated supply chain, in line with its Fast4Ward
principles, partnering with suppliers to execute projects.
1 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

[page 23]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 23
While maintaining responsibility for delivery and project
management, SBM Of
fshore outsources most construction
activities and has agreements in place with yards that allow
delivery of floating production systems through different
execution models and local content requirements. The
installation of floating facilities is carried out using
specialized installation vessels and requires specific
engineering expertise and project management skills.
SBM Offshore also provides services ranging from
inspection and maintenance of terminals to digital asset-
management services.
Asset management
SBM Offshore provides asset operation and maintenance
services for its clients. Since uptime performance of the
facility directly impacts production volumes, SBM Offshore
pursues operat
ional excellence, delivering value to clients.
For FPSOs, these services can be based on fixed-lump-sum
or reimbursable contracts.
Recycling
At the end of the asset lifecycle, facilities are
decommissioned and recycled. For company-owned
FPSOs, SBM Offshore manages the asset
decommissioning, including disconnection from subsea
production and mooring, and works with recycling facilities
that have suitable infrastructure, an adequate management
system and trained staff, to ensure that internationally-
recognized regulations are followed.
VALUE CREATION MODEL
CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT
PRODUCT & 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EPCI FLAWLESS 
START-UP
ASSET 
MANAGEMENT
RESPONSIBLE 
RECYCLING
Research & Development
Strategic Partnering
Early Client Engagement
Financing Models
Engineering & Design
Procurement
Construction
Integration
Operation Readiness
Commissioning
Installation
Operation Performance
Integrity & Maintenance
Brownfield Services
Debottlenecking & Life extension
Disconnection & Towage
Dismantling & Recycling
BUSINESS OUTPUT
OP. EXCELLENCE & QUALITY Safe and high-quality products and services
ENERGY TRANSITION R&D expenditure on decarbonization
MARKET POSITION Project & services contracts awards
INNOVATION New market-ready innovative products & services
DIGITALIZATION Enhanced operational efficiency and growth opportunities
ECONOMIC IMPACT Directional Group EBITDA and Net cash backlog
SUSTAINABILITY IMPACT
EMISSIONS Scope 1, 2, 3 emissions
OUR PEOPLE Employee Net Promoter Score
HEALTH, SAFETY & SECURITY TRIFR, FPI, Welfare & wellbeing
HUMAN RIGHTS Social impact assessment & Local communities
ETHICS & COMPLIANCE Business compliance & No corruption cases
DECOMMISSIONING Decommissioning plans
Value Creation Model (AR 2025 proposal)
BUSINESS OUTPUT 
OPERATIONAL 
EXCELLENCE AND 
QUALITY 
Safe and high-quality products  
and services 
ENERGY  
TRANSITION R&D expenditure on decarbonization 
MARKET POSITION Project and services contracts 
awards 
INNOVATION New market-ready innovative 
products and services 
DIGITALIZATION Enhanced operational efficiency and 
growth opportunities 
ECONOMIC IMPACT Directional Group EBITDA and  
Net cash backlog 
SUSTAINABILITY IMPACT 
EMISSIONS Scope 1, 2, 3 emissions 
OUR PEOPLE Employee Net Promoter Score 
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND SECURITY TRIFR, FPI, Welfare and wellbeing 
HUMAN RIGHTS Social impact assessment and  
Local communities 
ETHICS AND  
COMPLIANCE 
Business compliance and  
No corruption cases 
DECOMMISSIONING Decommissioning plans 
Research & Development 
Strategic Partnering 
Early Client Engagement 
Financing Models
Engineering & Design 
Procurement 
Construction 
Integration 
Operation Readiness 
Commissioning 
Installation 
CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT
Operation Performance 
Integrity & Maintenance 
Brownfield Services 
Debottlenecking &  
Life extension 
Disconnection & Towage 
Dismantling & Recycling 

[page 24]
24 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
1.4 IMP ACTS, RISKS AND
OPPORTUNITIES
SBM Offshore seeks business opportunities, whilst
managing risks and potential adverse impacts. Section 1.4.1
describes the risk appetite and section 1.4.2 provides the
details on business activities and associated opportunities.
The climate change impact, risk and opportunity is located
in section 3.2.1.
1.4.1 RISK APPETITE
The Risk Appetite Statement 2025 sets the guidance and
boundaries for the activities conducted by SBM Offshore in
pursuit of its strategic objectives, aligned with both
business topics and material topics. It provides guidelines
in terms of the amount of risk that SBM Offshore is willing
to accept in protection or pursuit of value.
Risk appetite is defined, established and maintained
through a structured process that involves business units,
assurance bodies and the Management Board. This process
ensur
es alignment between SBM Offshore’s strategy, the
assessment of operational risks and opportunities, and the
evolving business environment. Each risk appetite
statement is defined with explicit executive accountability,
supported by underlying metrics, and is measured and
monitored on a quarterly basis with results presented to the
Audit Committee.
In line with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, the
Management Board reviews the Risk Appetite Statement
annually to ensure that SBM Offshore maintains the right
balance between risk and opportunity while creating value
for its stakeholders. Continuous monitoring ensures that
changes in risk appetite are communicated and managed
by the Management Board with oversight by Audit
Committee and Supervisory Board.
The significant parts of SBM Offshore’s Risk Appetite
Statement and their mapping are displayed below.
Business and ESG Topics Guidance Activities guided by Risk Appetite, i.e. activities …
Energy Transition Limited appetite exposing SBM Offshore to unproven commercial models.
Operational Excellence
Limited appetite extending the life of a unit beyond its design life if it does not align with
SBM Of
fshore’s Life Cycle gates, sustainability and strategic ambitions
with regard to customers and JV partners.
No appetite compromising barriers to Major Accident Events.
Limited appetite with suppliers that do not align with SBM Offshore’s strategic
commer
cial and execution performance and standards.
No appetite to deviating from SBM Offshore execution resource capabilities
standar
ds.
Economic Impact
No appetite resulting in balance sheet or liquidity risk as a result of commercial
opportunit
ies for which the bankability cannot be reasonably confirmed.
Limited appetite severely impacting pr ofitability of SBM Offshore.
Digitalization No appetite exposing SBM Offshore to cybersecurity risks.
Innovation Limited appetite exposing SBM Offshore to damage due to application of unproven
technologies.
Ethics and Compliance
Zero tolerance activities that are non-compliant with the Code of Conduct and related
laws and r
egulations.
No appetite in sanctioned jurisdictions and/or with sanctioned persons/entities or
companies whose decision-makers do not shar
e the same compliance
principles.
Health, Safety, Security No appetite causing harm to people, damage to assets or the environment.
Human rights No appetite activities that are non-compliant with SBM Offshore’s human rights
standar
ds.
Our people No appetite activities contrary to ID&E policy and/or impacting the health of
SBM Of
fshore’s employees.
Emissions No appetite deviating from SBM Offshore’s ambition to reduce emissions.
Decommissioning No appetite deviating from SBM Offshore’s Responsible Recycling Policy.
Explanation of Guidance
Activities whereby SBM Offshore has
zer
o tolerance
Activities with risks for which
SBM Of
fshore has no appetite
Activities with risks for which
SBM Of
fshore has limited appetite
Refusal to purposely conduct any
act
ivity breaching this risk appetite
Risks within activities to be avoided with
appr
opriate actions
Risks within activities to be mitigated
and monitor
ed
1 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

[page 25]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 25
1.4.2 SIGNIFICANT IMPACTS, RISKS AND
OPPOR
TUNITIES TO THE BUSINESS
As SBM Offshore delivers on its opportunities and manages
its risk appetite, it faces business risks with potential
financial consequences, described in the table below.
These risks are linked with SBM Offshore’s business and
material topics, as per its risk breakdown structure and the
risk appetite mentioned above. The outcomes of risk
management processes and tooling are used in the double
materiality assessment explained in section 3.1.4.
For further details on the approach to impacts, risks and
opportunities, please refer to sections 2.5 and 2.5.1.
Key opportunities for the business are related to the energy
transition and flow from the reduction of emissions, the
growth of alternative energies, innovation and
decommissioning of aging assets. These opportunities are
incorporated in SBM Of
fshore’s strategy and explained
under sections 1.5.1.2 and 1.5.2. The financial performance
resulting from this strategy is detailed in chapter 4.
The key processes to manage impacts, risks and
opportunities are:
• Risk Management and Internal Control System (see
section 2.5).
• HSSE risk management.
• Human Rights Due Diligence, as part of supplier and
yard qualifications.
• Environmental and Social Due Diligence, as part of
project financing.
• Alignment with clients’ Environmental Impact
Assessments.
• Client Relationship and Opportunity Management
Process.
SIGNIFICANT RISKS TO THE BUSINESS
Assessed and mapped based on risk management processes and reports
RISK OVERVIEW 2025
STRATEGIC
Geopolitical Events
Portfolio
Macroeconomics
OPERATIONAL
Climate Change
Technology and Innovation
Competitiveness
Process safety events
Project performance
Digital transformation
Cybersecurity and data protection
Human Capital
Supply chain constraints
Decommissioning
Financial and liquidity
COMPLIANCE
Third Parties 
Changes in law and regulations
Governance, transparency and integrity
REPORTING
Financial reporting
CSRD Reporting
RISK EXPOSURE *
RISK IS  
 INCREASING
RISK IS  
DIMINISHING RISK IS STABLE
* Management assessment of how the inherent risk  
exposure (i.e. excluding SBM Offshore’s mitigating  
measures) is expected to develop in the coming 3 years.

[page 26]
26 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
RISK DEFINITION POTENTIAL IMPACT MANAGEMENT OF IMPACT
Strategic Risks
Geopolitical
events
Direct or indirect
impact of geopol
itical
events on activities of
SBM Offshore
globally.
Events impacting the
successful complet
ion
of SBM Offshore’s
projects and/or
impacting the safe,
affordable and
sustainable
operations of
SBM Offshore’s fleet.
SBM Offshore actively monitors worldwide situations and
acts to avoid or r
educe potential negative consequences.
This includes pursuing diversification strategies,
monitoring sanctions and incorporating suitable contract
clauses for risk mitigation.
Portfolio Concentration of
fossil-fuel-r
elated
business activities in
Brazil and Guyana.
Impact from changes
in local legislat
ive and
business
environment,
affecting business
results.
SBM Offshore continues to achieve a more balanced
port
folio by developing lower-emission products and
diversifying into new markets, with different products,
such as alternative energies. SBM Offshore conducts risk
assessments before any new country entry and actively
engages with its clients to monitor and mitigate the
respective country-related regulatory, commercial and
technical risks.
See section 1.5.2.
Macroeconomics Global inflat ion,
interest rate volatility,
financing constraints,
FX fluctuations and
shifts in client
investment cycles
Market volatility can
cr
eate margin
pressure through
inflation and
supply‑chain cost
escalation. Financial
stress within suppliers
or partners may affect
schedule.
Mitigation includes portfolio d iversification across
regions, clients and energy value chains, supported by
Fast4Ward standardization, frame agreements and early
procurement, contractual mechanisms to limit inflation
exposure. Scenario‑based commercial assessments
guide decisions in line with the Risk Appetite Statement,
complemented by active liquidity management, hedging
strategies and long‑term financing. Supplier resilience is
reinforced through continuous financial monitoring and
strategic relationships, with regular macroeconomic
monitoring across risk governance processes.
Operational Risks
Climate change Impact of an
accelerated ener
gy
transition driven by
climate change.
Miss opportunities if
not succeed
ing (i) to
market competitive
technologies and/or
(ii) enhance the
energy efficiency of
existing offerings.
SBM Offshore supports the energy transition by
developing compet
itive technology aiming to reduce
emissions, such as carbon capture for FPSOs and floating
offshore wind projects. SBM Offshore leverages R&D
development, partnerships, to actively participate and
propose long-term solutions for the energy transition.
See sections 1.5.2 and 3.2.2.
Technological
and innovat
ion
Deployment of
immatur
e new
technologies or
implementing proven
technologies
incorrectly.
Impact on safety,
qual
ity and/or
schedule, business
reputation or financial
results.
SBM Offshore employs Technology Readiness Level (TRL)
assessments of new technologies, which ar
e verified at
several stages during the development phase before
being adopted on projects. A technical assurance
function ensures compliance with internal and external
technical standards, regulations and guidelines.
See section 1.5.2.
Competitiveness SBM Offshore
Business Units ar
e in
− or could be facing
− harsh market
conditions.
Impact to deliver
pr
ojects in an
affordable manner,
leading to
deterioration of
financial results.
To drive better performance, delivered faster,
SBM Of
fshore has taken various initiatives in relation to
digitalization and standardization, which are the basis for
SBM Offshore’s Fast4Ward approach.
See section 1.5.2.
Process safety
events
Potential acute or
chr
onic exposure to
hazards during
SBM Offshore’s
product life cycle.
Impact on people, the
envir
onment or
assets. This can have
further impact on
other risks (such as
human capital and
funding).
SBM Offshore aims to reduce major accident hazard
exposur
e through the application of a Process Safety
Management (PSM) framework to manage the risk under
the pillars of People, Process and Plant. These are
underpinned by a culture built on SBM Offshore’s values
of Care and Ownership and supported by assurance and
continuous improvement practices through the product
lifecycle.
See section 3.3.2.
1 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

[page 27]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 27
RISK DEFINITION POTENTIAL IMPACT MANAGEMENT OF IMPACT
Project
performance
Inherent project risks
exist, owing to a
combinat
ion of
potential effects of
geo-political,
regulatory, technical
and third-party risks.
Impact on people, the
envir
onment,
reputation, cost and
schedule.
Proper business-case analysis, suitable project
management capabil
ities and capacities, combined with
SBM Offshore’s ways of working, processes and
procedures, mitigate project execution risk. Additional
risk-mitigating measures are in place related to the
knowledge and understanding of the countries in which
project execution and delivery take place.
See section 1.5.
Digital
T
ransformation
Benefits of
Digital
ization
programs are not
realized.
Impact on
SBM Of
fshore’s
competitiveness.
Change management is a key success factor of the main
pr
ograms. Change management ambassadors have been
appointed and are working closely with the business in
the journey towards the new ways of working.
Cybersecurity
and data
pr
otection
Intrusion into
SBM Of
fshore’s data
systems affecting
onshore and offshore
activities as well as
secondary risks such
as theft of cash
and/or confidential
info.
Business interruption,
loss of data and
financial impact, such
as r
ecovery costs
and/or fines.
The evolving nature of cybersecurity threats requires
ongoing at
tention. There is continuous improvement to
reduce risks through investment in hardware, software,
monitoring and awareness training. The ability of the IT
architecture and controls to withstand cyber-attacks and
follow recognized standards is subject to 24/7 monitoring,
independent testing, drills and audits.
Human capital Inability to attract and
r
etain the correct
capacity and
capabilities of human
resources to support
projects, as well as to
maintain the fleet.
Impact on
SBM Of
fshore’s
operations and
quality of execution
of projects.
SBM Offshore remains focused on the health and
wel
lbeing of employees. To maintain capacity and
capabilities, SBM Offshore has streamlined its operating
model and engages in partnerships. A talent
development program is in place to engage and retain
key personnel.
See section 3.3.1.
Supply Chain
constraints
Fluctuating prices and
market constraints
may incr
ease pressure
on SBM Offshore’s
supply chain.
Increased prices and
a shortage of crit
ical
equipment from
SBM Offshore’s
suppliers and
vendors, along with
an inability to manage
these costs and
schedules.
To mitigate supply chain risks, SBM Offshore is taking
measur
es to address those risks through leveraging
Frame Agreements with key suppliers, the anticipation of
MPF and critical equipment ordering, and proactive
supplier engagement across the whole supply value
chain. SBM Offshore is also working across functions to
build a strong foundation through an efficient
organizational structure, innovative ways of working and
strong technical and technological platforms.
See section 1.5
Decommissioning Impacts arising from
complex d
ismantling
operations of aging
assets.
Decommissioning
aging of
fshore oil and
gas structures has
complex impacts.
Underestimating
dismantling costs can
lead to financial
liabilities and
overruns.
Environmentally,
improper disposal of
materials can cause
significant damage.
Compliance with laws
and regulations and
addressing safety
risks are crucial, while
engaging
stakeholders is vital to
manage differing
perspectives and
social impacts.
SBM Offshore has gained significant experience in
decommissioning assets after t
heir useful life and it will
continue to mature processes and competencies,
including knowledge of applicable laws and regulations
and selection of suitable partners for dismantling
operations.

[page 28]
28 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
RISK DEFINITION POTENTIAL IMPACT MANAGEMENT OF IMPACT
Financial and
l
iquidity
Increasing constraints
fr
om financial
institutions being
exposed to fossil fuel-
related projects.
Impact on
SBM Of
fshore’s
growth and ability to
take on new Lease
and Operate, and
Sales and Operate
projects.
Impact to
SBM Offshore’s ability
to finance its ongoing
activities.
SBM Offshore actively monitors its short- and long-term
l
iquidity position, including the Revolving Credit Facility
(RCF) and cash in hand. SBM Offshore aims to have
sufficient headroom within the financial ratios agreed with
RCF lenders. Adequate access to funding is secured
through using existing liquidity, entering into bridge loans
and long-term project financing, and by selling equity to
third parties. Debt funding is sourced from international
banks, capital markets and Export Credit Agencies.
Opportunities are monitored to recycle capital and
reduce costs through refinancing in the bond markets and
executed if favorable. New long-term financing tools are
under development.
Compliance Risks
Third parties Activities of financial,
strategic and/or
operat
ional partners
impact
SBM Offshore’s ability
to build new business
and execute projects.
Impact on safety,
envir
onment, people,
quality and/or
schedule, business
reputation or financial
results.
Through robust processes, executed by subject-matter
experts wit
hin the relevant functions, SBM Offshore aims
to select appropriate parties with whom to work.
Examples of functions involved are Supply Chain,
Construction, Compliance and Human Rights.
See sections 2.5.2 and 3.3.3.
Changes in laws
and r
egulations
Adverse changes in
tax and r
egulatory
frameworks, for
example the
implementation of
the Global Anti-Base
Erosion Proposal
(GloBE) – Pillar Two,
or laws that require
certain levels of local
content.
Fines, sanctions or
penal
ties.
SBM Offshore takes great care to carry out its activities in
compl
iance with laws and regulations, including
international protocols and conventions. SBM Offshore
values public perception and good relationships with
authorities and is committed to acting as a good
corporate citizen. Close monitoring of laws and
regulations is carried out continuously. Contractual
protection mechanisms are sought where appropriate
The final assessment on Pillar Two legislation will be
known only when final legislation, including all
administrative guidance, is enacted in the domestic law of
the relevant jurisdictions
.
The OECD has finalized its additional guidance but
further discussions and consultations are taking place and
will continue in 2026, which means that SBM Offshore has
to continue to assess and understand requirements
accordingly. The financial risk of change in laws and
regulations is mitigated as much as possible in contracts.
See section 2.6.
Governance,
transpar
ency and
integrity
Fraud, bribery or
corrupt
ion harming
SBM Offshore’s
reputation and
business results.
Financial penalties,
r
eputational damage
and other negative
consequences.
SBM Offshore’s Compliance Program provides policy,
training, guidance and risk-based oversight and contr
ol of
compliance, to ensure ethical decision-making. The use
of digital tools supports the continuous development of
SBM Offshore’s Compliance Program. SBM Offshore’s
Core Values, Code of Conduct and Anti-Bribery and
Corruption Policy provide guidance to employees and
business partners on responsible business conduct in line
with SBM Offshore’s principles, which are further
reinforced by contractual obligations where applicable.
See section 2.5.2 and 3.4.1.
1 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

[page 29]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 29
RISK DEFINITION POTENTIAL IMPACT MANAGEMENT OF IMPACT
Reporting
Financial
Report
ing
Incomplete,
inaccurate, or delayed
financial informat
ion
due to complex
reporting
requirements.
Inaccuracies may lead
to misstatements,
delays in t
he close,
incorrect financial
information,
increased audit
findings, and
ultimately reducing
stakeholder
confidence.
A mature ICOFR framework including robust policies and
pr
ocedures, quarterly internal control campaigns and
RAC oversight, automated consolidation and strong data
governance, supported by IFRS standards and regular
internal and external audit monitoring, providing
reliability and integrity of financial reporting.
See section 2.5.1.
Sustainability
Report
ing
Inconsistent or
inaccurate
double‑material
ity
assessment and
weaknesses in ESG
data quality, which
may undermine the
reliability of
disclosures.
Inaccurate CSRD
d
isclosures may delay
the Annual Report,
trigger regulatory
scrutiny and lower
ESG ratings, while
increasing
reputational exposure
and operational
burden during
assurance.
The strengthened ICOESG framework, supported by
quarterly contr
ols, updated policies, regulatory reviews,
coordinated CSRD actions and enhanced ESG data
governance, together with ongoing internal and external
audits, RAC oversight, VOR and quarterly reporting,
reinforces the compliance, traceability and reliability of
sustainability disclosures.
See section 2.5.1and chapter 3.

[page 30]
30 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
1.5 BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
ECONOMIC IMP
ACT
The main financial highlights of the year and their
associated financial impact are reported in section 4.1.4
Financial Review Directional.
OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE AND QUALITY
SBM Offshore recognizes that, in order to be a high-
performance company, it must strive for excellence.
Operational Excellence and Quality includes themes such
as ’Operational Governance’ section 2.7 and ’Target
Excellence’ focusing on ’No Harm, No Defects, No Leaks’.
SBM Offshore’s aim is to improve collaboration,
knowledge-sharing and organizational learning.
SBM Offshore remains committed to full compliance with
all applicable laws and regulations, and to deliver products
and services meeting regulatory requirements and
applicable specifications and requirements imposed by
relevant stakeholders by:
• Promoting a quality and compliance culture;
• Maintaining ISO 9001:2015 certification;
• Systematically identifying applicable regulatory
requirements and ensuring compliance;
• Achieving and maintaining conformity, compliance and
acceptance of SBM Offshore’s products and services;
• Supporting the continuous improvement of business
processes and ways of working.
SBM Offshore embeds continuous improvement into its
ways of working across the product lifecycle. Collaboration
between Turnkey, Global Resources and Services, and other
key areas ensures that performance is analyzed and lessons
learned are captured. These insights drive enhancements
to business processes and tools across the organization.
This approach strengthens SBM Offshore’s ability to
mitigate risks associated with project execution, process
safety, human capital, regulatory changes, and operational
challenges, such as the integrity of aging assets,
certification compliance and supply chain resilience.
During 2025, all relevant permits, licenses, authorizations,
notifications and certificates were duly granted and
maintained for all of SBM Offshore’s offshore facilities.
SBM Offshore incurred no operational fines that exceeded
the threshold for the category of fines considered
‘significant’ (see sections 3.6.4 and 3.7.4).
SBM Offshore actively promoted ’Target Excellence’
through – amongst others – work front engagements, stand
downs at yards, vessels and offices. SBM Offshore is proud
of the following achievements:
• Maintained SBM Offshore’s ISO 9001:2015 certification;
• Effective use of independent third parties for inspection,
verificat
ion and assurance services related to execution
and operations activities;
• Completion of the implementation of the ’Quality
Journey’ program;
• Organized global ’Quality Day’;
• Investigated Quality incidents and managed
performance across SBM Offshore;
• Conducted the ’Learning from Performance’ process
across life cycle;
• Implemented applicable learnings in the tendering and
the set-up for future FPSOs;
• Further digitalization of quality processes.
1.5.1 OCEAN INFRASTRUCTURE
1.5.1.1 PROJECTS
SBM Offshore continues to grow its portfolio of ocean
infrastructure solutions by delivering high-performing
products and services tailored to clients’ requirements.
SBM Offshore’s project success is built on proven
technology expertise and extensive execution experience.
Projects are delivered on time, within budget, and to the
highest standards of quality, safety and sustainability in line
with SBM Offshore’s Target Excellence. Through
SBM Offshore’s Project Directorate and project dashboards,
SBM Offshore tracks key performance indicators to ensure
project performance reflects its commitment to excellence.
SBM Offshore’s approach is forward-looking and continues
to drive excellence through:
• Proactive customer engagement to align on goals and
deliver value to customers;
• Standardization and optimization of product design and
execution to enhance competitiveness, improve quality,
and accelerate time-to-market, while minimizing
emissions; and
• A growing focus on the energy transition, leveraging
SBM Offshore’s core capabilities to develop cost-
effective, lower-carbon solutions for the FPSO sector, as
well as for alternative energy and blue economy
markets.
2025 PERFORMANCE
SBM Offshore’s project portfolio progressed according to
schedule, marked by the significant achievement this year
of delivering three assets successfully within a six-month
period.
Across time zones and continents, SBM Offshore’s
dedicated project teams collaborated closely with clients,
partners, yards, and suppliers to ensure the project
portfolio was delivered on schedule and within budget,
whilst upholding the highest standards and safeguarding
1 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

[page 31]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 31
the health and safety of everyone involved and the
envir
onment. 
SBM Offshore is grateful to all stakeholders whose
partnership and dedication made these achievements
possible.
FPSO and FSO
• FPSO Almirante Tamandaré (Petrobras)3 – Following
successful first oil in February 2025, the FPSO was
formally on hire as of February 16, 2025. After gas-
injection was safely started up, the FPSO achieved its
nameplate capacity (225,0000 barrels of oil per day) on
August 14, 2025. In October, following the safe increase
of production through debottlenecking, the unit reached
a record 270,000 barrels of oil per day (largest
production record in Brazil).
•
FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão (Petrobras)3 – The FPSO
installation and first oil from the field were safely
achieved in May 2025 and the FPSO was formally on hire
as of May 24, 2025. Soon after, flare out was achieved in
record time without a safety incident, underscoring
SBM Offshore’s commitment to delivering excellence on
time.
• FPSO 
ONE GUYANA (ExxonMobil) – The FPSO was
completed, commissioned successfully and sailed away
from Singapore in February 2025. Following a successful
installation campaign, oil production was safely started
on August 8, 2025, with gas-injection commencing at
industry leading pace.
• FPSO 
Jaguar (ExxonMobil) – The topsides’ fabrication is
progressing as per plan and the Fast4Ward® MPF hull
successfully undocked as scheduled, allowing the
commencement of the module lifting and integration
campaign at the yard in Singapore. First oil is expected
in 2027.
• FPSO 
GranMorgu (TotalEnergies) – SBM Offshore’s
standard MPF hull was delivered to the project on
schedule in the first quarter of 2025, and further hull
outfitting commenced according to the planned
timeline. Engineering and supply chain work have
progressed well, and topsides fabrication has started in
China. First oil is expected in 2028.
• FSO 
Chalchi (Woodside) – Engineering and supply chain
activities are well advanced. The construction of the FSO
hull and the Disconnectable Turret Mooring (DTM)
system, are under way in China. The FSO is expected to
be ready to receive oil in 2028.
Fast4Ward® MPF hulls
• In 2025, one Fast4Ward ® MPF hull was delivered: MPF C
in CMHI for FPSO 
GranMorgu and one was delivered in
2024 MPF 5 in SWS for FPSO Jaguar.
3 Sour ce: Agência de Notícias Petrobras
• Two more MPF hulls are under fabrication: MPF 6 in SWS
and MPF D in CMHI for futur
e potential FPSO projects.
Terminals
Imodco has been delivering projects in Nigeria where
Fast4Ward principles are being used to enable local
content as well as a better time frame for the end client. As
a first mover on the concept of ammonia terminals, Imodco
also obtained Approval in Principle (AiP) from ABS, DNV ,
ClassNK and BV .
Imodco has also provided worldwide support for
SBM Offshore’s own fleet and clients’ units, ranging from
studies to executing life-extension scopes, performing
critical interventions offshore and supplying full EPC
services for capital spares.
Installation
In 2025, SBM Offshore successfully and safely concluded
the FPSO mooring hook-up for FPSO 
ONE GUYANA in
Guyana, using its installation vessel, the Normand Installer
(NI), and also supported the offshore installation of FPSO
Alexandre de Gusmão in Brazil.
In addition to supporting SBM Offshore’s own FPSO
installations, SBM Offshore successfully and safely
completed several other offshore installation services such
as the mooring pre-installation for Equinor’s 
Petrojarl
Rosebank FPSO offshore the UK’s west Shetland Islands,
the repair of one of the mooring lines for Shell on Bonga
FPSO offshore Nigeria, before starting the pre-installation
of the deepwater mooring system for the Raia Project in
Brazil for TFMC do Brazil, for end client Equinor. This last
project is the deepest installation project for SBM Offshore
to date, with Torpedo anchors deployed in up to 3,000
meters water depth.
During the year, the Normand Installer safely and
successfully completed an extensive maintenance and
upgrade program in dry dock, preparing her for the next
five years of offshore operations.
SBM Offshore also secured, earlier in 2025, the full
transport and installation contract for deepwater mooring
installation for the Kaskida Project in the US Gulf for bp.
FUTURE
SBM Offshore contributes to the future of ocean
infrastructure by combining operational strength with
responsibility. Through its Fast4Ward program and
technology roadmap, SBM Offshore is bringing market-
ready solutions to reduce emissions and setting new
benchmarks for blue economy asset efficiency.

[page 32]
32 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
1.5.1.2 OPERA TIONS
An experienced workforce comprising more than 4,100
personnel ensures the safe, reliable and efficient operation
of SBM Offshore’s offshore assets, generating predictable
and sustainable revenue and operating cash-flows for the
business. The fleet encompasses 16 FPSOs, geographically
distributed around the Atlantic Basin, aiming to provide
traditional hydrocarbon energy with the lowest possible
carbon emissions during the production phase.
Key to this are policies, commitments and mechanisms
described in sections 3.3.2 and 1.5, with a sharp focus on
continuous improvement. This is achieved by identifying
opportunities for improvement and embedding lessons
learned into SBM Offshore’s Group Enterprise
Management System (GEMS) and Group Technical
Standards (GTS). As a subset of GEMS, SBM Offshore is
advancing the ’Manage Assets on a Page’ (MAP) project, an
adaptive framework based on Plan-Do-Check-Act (PDCA)
methodology, to strengthen governance within the fleet
operations.
The SBM Offshore fleet had the following historic
performance:
• Over 8.2 billion barrels of production cumulatively to
date;
• 12,233 oil offloads cumulatively to date;
• 419.7 cumulative contract years of operational
experience4.
SBM Offshore employs a proactive, risk-based approach to
asset management, leveraging digital reliability and
integrity solutions to automate surveillance. This enables an
optimized deployment of resources and increased
efficiency and availability of safety, production and marine
systems. To ensure that SBM Offshore’s activities have a
positive impact on the local communities in which
SBM Offshore is present, the fleet has several programs
aligned with the Material Topics focused on well-being and
personnel development, emissions reduction and
environmental protection.
2025 PERFORMANCE
HSSE and Process Safety Performance
In 2025, three new units entered into operation sustaining a
high volume of activity, as observed in the previous years.
SBM Offshore maintains its record of zero Fatalities and
Permanent Injuries (FPI). This performance reflects the
robustness of the HSSE management system and the
increased focus on preventing high-potential incidents.
4 The cumulat ive contract years of operational experience are calculated
based on the number of days in operations from first oil for each unit until
the last day that SBM Offshore has operated and continues to operate,
divided by 365.
Initiatives to enhance operational safety, process safety,
qual
ity and efficiency continued throughout the year:
• Continued focus on process safety management,
including piloting a live bow-tie barrier model;
• Strengthening governance and assurance;
• Developing safety programs aligned with industry best
practices including human performance.
Development of Operations
Brazil
•
FPSO Almirante Tamandaré, with an initial production
capacity of 225,000 barrels of oil per day, successfully
underwent debottlenecking, allowing it to reach peak
production of 270,000 barrels of oil per day, making it
the highest-ever producing asset in Brazil.
•
FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão achieved first oil on May
24, 2025. Production ramp-up continues at a steady
pace.
• The remaining Brazilian fleet continued to deliver strong
performance with robust reliability, reflecting both asset
maturity and resilience.
• The decommissioning of FPSO Capixaba continues in
Frederikshaven, Denmark. The responsible recycling
project advances at a steady pace, following through the
equipment removal, disposal and dismantling stages.
Guyana
• Three FPSOs, 
Liza Destiny, Liza Unity and Prosperity,
continue safe and strong production.
• FPSO Liza Unity achieved production of 270,000 barrels
of oil per day.
• FPSO ONE GUYANA arrived in country and achieved
first oil on August 8, 2025.
Angola
• In Angola, SBM Offshore signed an extension of contract
until 2032 for 
FPSO Saxi Batuque and FPSO Mondo.
SBM Offshore has pursued four different transactions with
the aim of maintaining focus and excellence in its operating
portfolio:
•
FPSO Kikeh officially departed from the SBM Offshore
fleet after SBM Offshore and MISC Berhad concluded
the final agreement on January 31, 2025.
• FPSO Esprito Santo: SBM Offshore completed the full
acquisition of the equity interest from MISC Berhad of
the lease and operating entities related to the FPSO.
• FPSO Aseng exited the SBM Offshore fleet after
SBM Offshore and GEPetrol completed the transaction
related to the Share Purchase Agreement on December
17, 2025.
•
Thunder Hawk Unit is no longer affiliated with the
SBM Offshore fleet after transfer of the asset to Talos
Exploration LLC.
1 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

[page 33]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 33
Brownfield Pr oject Services
Brownfield Project Services (BPS) is now well-established
and positioned as a complement and support to
SBM Offshore operations in expanding the offer of full life
cycle asset management services. The main achievements
for 2025 were:
• Significant brownfield activities undertaken on the
Guyana fleet’s water injection systems to ensure long-
term integrity.
• Projects to increase the Persons on Board (POB) on
multiple Brazilian FPSOs enable sustainable and
economical long-term integrity of the assets. POB
increase has been achieved on 
FPSO Cidade de
Anchieta and is ongoing on FPSO Cidade de Paraty and
FPSO Cidade de Ilhabela.
• Completion of the Kizomba C Life Extension Front-End
Engineering Design (FEED), establishing the project
scope, execution plan, and budget. The study enabled
ExxonMobil’s life-extension decision, leading to the
extended operations contracts for the Kizomba C FPSOs
(
Saxi Batuque and Mondo) through 2032. This initiative
represents SBM Offshore’s largest brownfield project to
date.
 200,000
0
 400,000
 600,000
 800,000
 1,000,000
 1,200,000
 1,400,000
 1,600,000
 1,800,000
 2,000,000
 2,200,000
 2,400,000
 2,600,000
 2,800,000
 3,000,000
202520242023202220212020
FLEET OIL PRODUCTION CAPACITY (bopd)
The fleet capacity of oil production per day in 2025 
was 2,667,000  barrels of oil per day. 
* Includes FPSO Kikeh’s capacity – 120kbpd that left the fleet in January 2025.
** Includes FPSO Aseng’s capacity – 80kbpd that left the fleet in December 2025.
*
**
FLEET UPTIME DATA 
FOR PERIOD 2020 – 2025
1. Fleet uptime without FPSO Cidade de Anchieta
2. Actual combined fleet uptime
3. Fleet uptime without FPSO Mondo 
4. Excluding the ANP interdiction days for FPSO Cidade de Paraty 
    
    and FPSO Cidade de Anchieta
2020
99.0%
2021
99.1%
20222
91.1%
20232
95.6%
20242
96%
2025
99.1%
20221
97.2%
20233
98.2%
20244
98.7%
Asset management
As of
fshore installations age, the original coating systems
become less effective, leading to an increase in the
integrity scope over time. Capacity to accommodate
resources onboard is limited, and maintaining the integrity
of aging assets is a significant challenge for the industry.
Throughout 2025, major progress was made to ensure
long-term reliability and integrity of SBM Offshore’s fleet.
SBM Offshore continued to focus on preserving the asset
condition and optimizing the balance between capacity
and workload with innovative ways of working and
technologies. Preservation and fabric maintenance
activities continue to be a key priority to maintain the
condition of assets, along with a broad array of initiatives
focused on the enrichment and reduction of maintenance
tasks. Improved integrity and inspections strategies
successfully improved efficiency and productivity.
Focusing on accurate, fleetwide planning for the
maintenance campaigns improved decision-making
throughout the lifecycle of the assets. Simultaneously,
technology is actively used to increase productivity and
optimize the focus of people onboard. These efforts are
strengthening SBM Offshore’s position in risk management,
driving efficient asset management and minimizing
personnel exposure.
Responsible recycling
SBM Offshore is committed to safe, environmentally sound
asset recycling performed in full compliance with
SBM Offshore’s Responsible Recycling Policy. The policy
applies – amongst others – the principles of the EU Ship
Recycling Regulation 1257/2013 or equivalent. The
recycling of the 
FPSO Capixaba is progressing according to
plan and in line with SBM Offshore’s policies and leading

[page 34]
34 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
industry standards. Completion is expected in 2026, with
best pract
ices and reuse of materials.
FUTURE
During 2026, SBM Offshore will concentrate on operational
stability, fleet efficiency and uptime of the new generation
of FPSOs with the aim to improve cash generation and
deliver SBM Offshore’s backlog.
With new units joining the fleet in the coming years,
SBM Offshore will advance its efforts to secure operational
readiness in the new portfolio countries where growth both
onshore and offshore are expected. Building operational
capability in Mexico and Suriname will continue to be a
priority, with a special focus on initiatives involving social
and envir
onmental projects and an established
organizational framework.
SBM Offshore is reinforcing the journey of digital
enablement throughout the organization. Solutions for fleet
operational performance optimization will continue to be
utilized and further developed. Technology applications
have been deployed and will be further expanded
fleetwide to optimize human resources in priority scopes.
For example, using robotics technology to minimize human
exposure to risks onboard supports the ambition to
continuously improve integrity and reliability activities.
1 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

[page 35]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 35


[page 36]
36 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
1 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT
    
 
VESSEL NAME CLIENT COUNTRY 1ST OIL/GAS DATE
FPSO Kikeh(1) PTTEP MALAYSIA 2007
FPSO Mondo EXXONMOBIL ANGOLA 2008
FPSO Saxi Batuque EXXONMOBIL ANGOLA 2008
FPSO Espirito Santo SHELL BRAZIL 2009
Thunder Hawk(2) TALOS EXPLORATION USA 2009
FPSO Aseng(3) CHEVRON E.GUINEA 2011
FPSO Cidade de Anchieta(4) PETROBRAS BRAZIL 2012
FPSO Cidade de Paraty PETROBRAS BRAZIL 2013
FPSO Cidade de Ilhabela PETROBRAS BRAZIL 2014
N’Goma FPSO AZULE ENERGY ANGOLA 2014
FPSO Cidade de Maricá PETROBRAS BRAZIL 2016
FPSO Cidade de Saquarema PETROBRAS BRAZIL 2016
FPSO Liza Destiny EXXONMOBIL GUYANA 2019
FPSO Liza Unity EXXONMOBIL GUYANA 2022
FPSO Prosperity EXXONMOBIL GUYANA 2023
FPSO Sepetiba PETROBRAS BRAZIL 2024
FPSO Almirante Tamandaré PETROBRAS BRAZIL 2025
FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão PETROBRAS BRAZIL 2025
FPSO ONE GUYANA(5) EXXONMOBIL GUYANA 2025
FPSO Jaguar*(6) EXXONMOBIL GUYANA 2027
FPSO GranMorgu* TOTALENERGIES SURINAME 2028
FSO Chalchi* WOODSIDE MEXICO 2028
OPERATIONS FLEET

[page 37]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 37
    
VESSEL NAME
FPSO Kikeh(1)
FPSO Mondo
FPSO Saxi Batuque
FPSO Espirito Santo
Thunder Hawk
(2)
FPSO Aseng(3)
FPSO Cidade de Anchieta(4)
FPSO Cidade de Paraty 
FPSO Cidade de Ilhabela 
N’Goma FPSO
FPSO Cidade de Maricá 
FPSO Cidade de Saquarema 
FPSO Liza Destiny 
FPSO Liza Unity
FPSO Prosperity
FPSO Sepetiba
FPSO Almirante Tamandar
é
FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão 
FPSO ONE GUYANA (5)
FPSO Jaguar*(6)
FPSO GranMorgu*
FSO Chalchi* 
Initial Lease Period Confirmed Extension Operations &
Maintenance onlyContractual Extension Option
1  The full divestment to MISC Berhad of SBM Offshore’ s effective equity interest in the lease 
and operating entities of the FPSO Kikeh in Malaysia was agreed during 2024, with the  
transaction completed on January 31, 2025. 
2  Thunder Hawk Unit is no longer affiliated with the SBM Offshore fleet after transfer of the 
asset to Talos Exploration LLC in December 2025.             
3 The full divestment to GEPetrol of SBM Offshore’ s equity interest in the lease and operating 
entities of the FPSO Aseng in Equatorial Guinea was agreed in June 2025, with the 
transaction completed on December 17, 2025.                  
4 Extension of the contract corresponding to the period of shutdown beyond the initial lease 
end date                        
5 On February 4, 2026, SBM Offshore and ExxonMobil Guyana Ltd, an affiliate of Exxon Mobil 
Corporation, completed the transaction related to the purchase of FPSO ONE GUYANA, 
ahead of the maximum lease term which would have expired in August 2027. 
6 Operating and Maintenance scope agreed in principle                                     
 
 *  Under construction
01/2008 12/2022 2032
2032
12/2019 12/2024 07/2033
07/2033
11/2033
2035
2037
2048
12/2023 12/203312/202801/2009
07/2008 06/2023
12/202512/2009
11/2011 12/2025
09/203106/2012 09/2033
06/203306/2013
11/203411/2014
11/2026 11/202911/2014
02/203602/2016
07/203607/2016
2025
08/2007 01/2025 01/2016
2055
11/2023
08/2025
02/2025
05/2025
2051 
2047
02/2022
11/2024
02/2026
2027
2028
11/2023
01/2024 2046
2028 2030
2036
2036
2048
2048
2018
2018
2012
2012
2024
2024
2030
2030
2042
2042
2054
2054
2066
206620602006
2006 2060

[page 38]
38 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
1.5.2 WIN AND GROW
MARKET POSITIONING
Market posit
ioning is central to maintaining a strong global
presence, responding effectively to market dynamics, and
capturing opportunities in emerging regions. Robust
business development serves as a key indicator of
organizational success, with the number of projects
awarded being a critical performance metric. By reinforcing
its market positioning, SBM Offshore mitigates
competitiveness risks outlined in Section 1.4.2.
SBM Offshore made the following achievements in 2025:
• Signed an O&M contract with TotalEnergies for the
FPSO 
GranMorgu, part of the Block 58 field
development project in Suriname. The agreement
covers the operations readiness phase prior to first oil
and O&M services for a minimum of two years post-first
oil, with extension options.
• Received confirmation from ExxonMobil of the Final
Investment Decision (FID) for the project to extend the
lifespan of FPSO Mondo and FPSO Saxi-Batuque until
2032 (Kizomba C Project), following the recent signing of
Addendum No. 2 to the Production Sharing Agreement
(PSA) for Block 15 with the Angolan National Agency for
Petroleum, Gas and Biofuels (ANPG). Resulting in the
extension of the lease and operate contracts for both
FPSOs until 2032. The Brownfield projects for Kizomba-C
FPSOs have been kicked-off with Exxon in January 2026.
• Submitted the lowest price proposals to Petrobras for
two FPSOs to be installed in the deepwater section of
the Sergipe-Alagoas basin5.
• Secured a contract from bp for the wet tow and
installation of the Kaskida semi-submersible Floating
Production Unit (FPU) in the US Gulf.
• Received an award from Petrobras for a study to
evaluate the integration of carbon capture modules on
future FPSOs. The scope includes design and
commercial assessment of multiple carbon capture
configurations for deployment on Petrobras-operated
fields5.
• Entered an exclusive digital alliance with SLB to optimize
offshore production system performance. This
collaboration combines SLB’s subsurface, subsea, and
surface expertise with SBM Offshore’s full FPSO lifecycle
capabilities to create an AI-powered digital ecosystem.
The initiative aims to enhance FPSO asset management,
improve uptime, and reduce total cost of ownership for
offshore operators.
• Achieved Approval in Principle (AiP) for the Blue
Ammonia FPSO, with validation provided by the ABS
class society. This milestone underscores SBM Offshore’s
commitment to pioneering clean ammonia solutions and
5 Sour ce: Agência de Notícias Petrobras
advancing industry standards for sustainable offshore
ener
gy production.
• Carried out research for a client on floating ammonia
solutions, exploring FSRU, FSO, and FPSO concepts.
This work contributes to new methods for producing and
storing ammonia offshore.
In 2026, SBM Offshore will continue early engagement with
clients and collaborate with vendors and partners to further
improve project development concepts, time-to-market,
production and cost-efficiency.
ENERGY TRANSITION
SBM Offshore actively seeks new business opportunities to
drive future revenue growth from sustainable activities by
leveraging over 60 years of expertise to support the energy
transition, foster value creation through the blue economy,
and progress the net-zero ambition – extending its reach
beyond FPSOs by turning lower-carbon solutions into
scalable commercial infrastructure. Technology and product
development teams work closely with the business and
develop concepts, prototypes and pilot projects aimed at
reducing emissions and diversifying the product portfolio.
These initiatives may also take the form of co-development
projects in partnership with clients and other stakeholders,
reinforcing collaboration as a cornerstone of sustainable
progress. SBM Offshore recognizes that the adoption of
these solutions is heavily dependent on client decisions,
which are affected by local and international policies and
financial considerations. However, through this approach,
 SBM Offshore is seeking to address the energy trilemma
while mitigating oil price dependency, portfolio risks, and
climate change, described in section  1.4.2. Disclosures are
found in chapter 3. More detailed information on product
developments are as follows:
Emission reductions in FPSOs
A new  FPSO design, ready to be offered to the market with
AiP from ABS this year, marks a major milestone in
SBM Offshore’s ambition towards net-zero emissions by
2050. The FPSO design incorporates GHG emission-
reduction technologies, including Carbon Capture and
Storage (CCS), that collectively achieve up to a 80%
reduction in lifecycle emissions of the asset. It is fully
integrated with SBM Offshore’s proven Fast4Ward design
and standardized delivery model.
FPSO Carbon Capture modules
SBM Offshore and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd (MHI)
have produced an FPSO carbon capture module design,
qualified by DNV , based on a combination of MHI’s CO2
capture technology and SBM Offshore’s Fast4Ward
principles. This year, SBM Offshore undertook studies on
installing the modules on future FPSOs, examining the
1 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

[page 39]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 39
design and commercial evaluation of various carbon
captur
e system configurations, alongside different turbine
types, gas flow rates, CO2 concentrations and gas
compositions.
Blue ammonia
After successfully completing the ammonia swivel
qualification in 2024, SBM Offshore achieved qualification
for a comprehensive ammonia terminal solution in 2025,
supporting the midstream section of the value chain.
SBM Offshore also earned AiP in September 2025 from ABS
for a new design for a floating production storage and
offloading (FPSO) unit focused on the production of blue
ammonia, by converting extracted natural gas into
ammonia while capturing the CO2 via carbon capture and
storage (CCS) technology. This positions SBM Offshore at
the forefront of the emerging ammonia value chain, where
the alternative fuel will ultimately serve as lower-carbon
energy source for the power and maritime transportation
sectors, as well as serving the global ammonia market.
Lower-carbon floating power solutions
In March 2025, SBM Offshore and Microsoft entered into a
strategic collaboration agreement to accelerate the
development of lower-carbon floating power barges. This
partnership leverages SBM Offshore’s expertise in offshore
energy solutions and Microsoft’s digital innovation
capabilities to advance the deployment of floating power
units designed for lower-carbon electricity generation. The
collaboration aims to deliver scalable, reliable, and
sustainable power solutions, addressing the growing global
demand for clean energy, particularly for critical industries
such as data centers and ports.
Floating offshore wind energy
Ekwil, a 50/50 fully dedicated Floating Offshore Wind joint
venture between SBM Offshore and Technip Energies, has
established itself in the global floating offshore wind
market, proposing the full delivery of floaters and
associated mooring systems, thanks to its comprehensive
technology portfolio and EPC expertise. In 2025, Ekwil
announced that its Float4Wind™ tension-leg platform (TLP)
received AiP from ClassNK. This confirmation followed a
detailed assessment of the updated design and represents
an important milestone in the development of Ekwil’s TLP
technology.
INNOVATION
SBM Offshore is focused on purposeful innovation,
introducing solutions that advance its blue economy
strategy with a disciplined approach. This is achieved
through a systematic stage-gate approach for introducing
new technologies, guaranteeing comprehensive validation
prior to launch. The Technology Readiness Level (TRL)
methodology, which is based on American Petroleum
Institute standards, incorporates prototype testing and
detailed FEED-level planning as essent
ial elements of its
risk-based qualification process. Each initiative is designed
to deliver measurable impact and align with long-term
strategic goals by encouraging collaboration across all
teams and ensuring ideas progress from concept to full
implementation.
Intellectual property is safeguarded through the filing of
patents and trademarks, securing trade secrets and
proprietary expertise. SBM Offshore maintains IP integrity
through document classification and by establishing non-
disclosure agreements with partners to control access to
sensitive technologies. Comprehensive freedom-to-operate
assessments are conducted to respect third-party rights.
This approach encourages innovation while minimizing the
risks linked to deploying new technologies.
In 2025, SBM Offshore continued the development of new
technologies focused on decarbonization and alternative
energy sources, dedicating 14% of its technology
development budget to initiatives that qualify under the EU
Taxonomy, following the eligibility KPI criteria outlined in
section 3.6.1.2. During this period, SBM Offshore filed 48
new patents, expanding its portfolio to 117 families focused
on renewables and FPSO components. Out of 39
technology projects advanced in the year, 18 reached
TRL 4. This level indicates that the technology meets the
required reliability, function, and performance criteria under
the intended operating conditions, making it ready for
deployment.
Key development projects undertaken in 2025:
• Progression of the SBM Offshore robotics initiatives to
reduce high-risk human activities and to improve the
efficiency of inspection and maintenance activities on
the fleet. In 2025, four initiatives achieved TRL 4 status,
enabling additional robotic deployments.
• Three new asset management technologies have been
validated to TRL 2 leveraging advanced materials and
scaling-reduction technologies to lower maintenance
needs in the fleet. Readiness of these technologies is
expected in 2026.
• The industry-first Remote-Con ABS notation in FPSO
Liza Unity, achieved in 2024, was followed by the same
notation obtained for FPSO Prosperity in 2025, the
second in the world. This represents continuous
improvement and scaling of remote-control
technologies in the fleet.
• The seawater intake riser, an important component of
the lower-carbon FPSO design, achieved TRL 4
qualification in 2025. The technology enhances topsides
energy efficiency and enables the market-readiness of
the solution.

[page 40]
40 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
• An updated design package for the next generation
MPF hul
ls, as part of SBM Offshore’s Fast4Ward
program. The new hull design addresses the market
needs for next generation FPSO projects and
incorporates the lessons learned from the first
generation of standardized hulls.
• Continuous improvement of fluid swivels focusing on
reducing footprint and simplifying maintenance of turret
moorings. In 2025, TRL 4 was achieved for a compact
swivel stack arrangement.
• The high-voltage segmented swivel concept achieved
TRL 3, bolstering SBM Offshore’s proprietary segmented
technology to answer market needs on offshore
electrification.
• SBM Offshore’s installation capabilities were further
advanced through the development of a novel and
proprietary solution for the riser recovery market.
• Development of Floating Storage and Injection Units
(FSIUs) as a key solution for offshore CO2 sequestration
projects, complementing SBM Offshore’s proven TLU
CO2-injection terminal to enable storage and continuous
injection operations while optimizing offloading
efficiency.
• Further advancement on Freshwater Floating Production
Unit (FPU) developments, aimed at delivering offshore
desalination and producing clean water for coastal and
industrial use. SBM Offshore signed a strategic
partnership agreement with Veolia to develop and
market a scalable lower-carbon solution, supporting
regions facing water scarcity.
• SBM Offshore allocated 22% of its development budget
to projects that directly support decarbonization and the
shift to sustainable practices.
SBM Offshore maintains a proactive approach in assessing
the alignment of its research and development initiatives
with EU Taxonomy regulations, pursuing innovative offshore
technologies and prioritizing the development of new
solutions in collaboration with clients and value chain
partners.
DIGITALIZATION
Through investment in information technology and data-
driven capabilities, SBM Offshore is enhancing operational
efficiency and unlocking new growth opportunities. This
approach integrates modernization initiatives with service
diversification and creates a powerful combination of
internal digital collaboration and strategic external
partnerships.
In 2025, SBM Offshore announced its partnership with
Cognite, to create an AI-ready data foundation that
integrates data generated from across the entire asset
lifecycle of the global fleet. This unified platform enables
real-time insights, predictive analytics, and automated
workflows, r
 educing complexity and improving decision-
making.
Also in 2025, SBM Offshore and SLB formed an exclusive
digital alliance to optimize FPSO performance and
vertically integrate reservoir to topsides. This collaboration
combines SLB’s subsurface, subsea and surface expertise
with SBM Offshore’s full FPSO lifecycle capabilities to
create a digital ecosystem aimed at ensuring maximum
uptime and reliability.  
The Cognite and SLB strategic partnerships are important
milestones in SBM Offshore’s Program for Accelerating
Collaboration and Excellence (PACE), following a digital
strategy to drive execution excellence, deliver tangible
benefits and position SBM Offshore at the forefront of
digital transformation in the offshore energy sector.
Internally, SBM Offshore is also advancing Enterprise
Excellence with long-term roadmaps for data management,
integrated IT and OT cybersecurity, and a comprehensive
solutions investment plan.
The successful deployment of Microsoft Copilot continues
to elevate employee performance through AI-driven
capabilities. The Microsoft Centre of Excellence has
formalized a FinOps strategy, ensuring optimized cloud
operations. Meanwhile, plans for the next evolution of the
SBM Enterprise Data Platform are progressing in alignment
with emerging technologies.
SBM Offshore continues its ERP deployment journey
through the Integra program. In previous years, the ERP
System (IFS) had been deployed in SBM Offshore’s main
operating regions. In 2025, it was further extended to the
remaining Operations holding entities. An EPCI pilot
covering Imodco entities has also been released, paving
the way for further EPCI deployments.
SBM Offshore will continue to invest in a transparent, data-
driven culture, delivering a modern digital experience for
all employees. Leveraging robust Enterprise Architecture,
SBM Offshore ensures a future-ready ecosystem that
maximizes infrastructure uptime, performance, and
regulatory compliance.
Management of any impacts associated with cyber security
is described in section 1.4.2.
1 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

[page 41]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 41

[page 42]
42 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
 
GOVERNANCE

[page 43]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 43
GOVERNANCE
CHAPTER 2

[page 44]
44 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
2.1 CORPORA TE GOVERNANCE
STATEMENT
This section gives an overview of SBM Offshore’s corporate
governance structure, describing the roles of the corporate
bodies, the external and internal auditor, the General
Meeting, and the foundation Stichting Continuïteit
SBM Offshore. This section also outlines the extent to
which SBM Offshore applies the principles and best
practice provisions of the Dutch Corporate Governance
Code.
On March 20, 2025 the Dutch Corporate Governance Code
was revised to include a new Risk Management Statement
(
Verklaring Omtrent Risicobeheersing, VOR) for Dutch listed
companies. The VOR introduces certain new risk
declarations by management boards of Dutch listed
companies on their approach to operational and
compliance risks, sustainability reporting, and the
effectiveness of internal control systems. Whilst
SBM Offshore already disclosed certain risk management
aspects in its annual report, following the VOR it has
conducted a gap analysis and aligned its control
frameworks with minor updates to meet VOR requirements
and to substantiate an extended In Control Statement
(section 2.8).
The Corporate Governance Code defines 
sustainable long-
term value creation as one of the guiding principles.
Amongst others, sections 1.3 and 3.1.4 describe
SBM Offshore’s strategy for achieving sustainable long-
term value creation, including the social, environmental and
economical aspects thereof. It explains what effects the
Company has had on people and the environment and how
the interests of stakeholders have been considered
(sections 3.1.4 – 3.6). Sections 1.3.2 – 1.4.2 describe
SBM Offshore’s values, strategic priorities and the
significant impacts, risks and opportunities linked with
SBM Offshore’s business, as well as the key processes and
business models to manage the same. In accordance with
the Management Board rules, the Management Board is
responsible for the incorporation and maintenance of the
values, while paying attention to:
• the strategy and business model;
• the environment in which SBM Offshore operates;
• the existing culture within SBM Offshore, and whether it
is desirable to implement any changes in this; and
• the social safety within SBM Offshore and the ability to
discuss and report actual or suspected misconduct or
irregularities.
Following internal review, the Company updated its
Management Board and Supervisory Board rules as well as
the Diversity & Inclusion Policies for the Supervisory Board
and Management Board, including Senior Management, in
2025. Reporting on Diversity and Inclusion target realization
can be found in sect
ion 2.1.9. As per best practices 1.1.5
and 4.2.2, the Company has a Stakeholder Engagement
Policy and Shareholder Contacts and Dialogue Policy in
place.
The details of compliance with the Corporate Governance
Code and referenced documents are available on
SBM Offshore’s website (who-we-are/corporate-
governance). The full text of the Corporate Governance
Code can be found at www.mccg.nl.
2 GOVERNANCE

[page 45]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 45
2.1.1 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
STRUCTURE
SBM Of
fshore N.V . is a public company with limited liability
(Naamloze Vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of
the Netherlands, with its corporate seat in Amsterdam. Its
shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. It has a two-tier
board comprising a Supervisory Board and a Management
Board, each with distinct responsibilities as defined by law,
its articles of association, the Corporate Governance Code,
and the respective board rules. The Management Board
rules and the Supervisory Board rules outline the
procedures and ways of working for each board.
2.1.2 MANAGEMENT BOARD
RESPONSIBILITIES AND COMPOSITION OF THE
MANAGEMENT BOARD
The Management Boar
d consists of two members: Øivind
Tangen (Chief Executive Officer or CEO) and Douglas
Wood (Chief Financial Officer or CFO). For a description of
the expertise and experience of the Management Board,
reference is made to the end of this section.
The Management Board manages the Company and is
responsible for the continuity of the Company and its
business. In carrying out its duties, the Management Board
focuses on sustainable long-term value creation and takes
into account the interests of the relevant stakeholders. The
Management Board is accountable to both the Supervisory
Board and the General Meeting for its management tasks.
While individual members of the Management Board are
assigned specific primary responsibilities, the Management
Board as a whole remains collectively responsible for the
management and the general affairs of SBM Offshore as
well as the business connected to it.
Each year, the Management Board presents the Company’s
long-term strategy and the operational plan for the
following financial year to the Supervisory Board. The
Company’s strategy is built around the business topics and
material topics that have been identified as priority for the
Company (sections 1.1.3 and 3.1.4 ), whereby the material
topics have been determined through stakeholder
engagement. The related objectives which enable the
quantification and measurement of progress in
implementing the strategy are regularly reviewed. Both the
long-term strategy and the operational plan are adopted
after the Supervisory Board’s approval.
The Management Board is responsible for identifying and
managing the risks related to the Company’s strategy and
business activities including strategic, operational,
compliance and reporting risks. It is also responsible for
establishing the Company’s risk appetite and for
implementing measures to manage assumed risks. The
Management Board designs, implements and maintains an
adequate internal risk management and control system,
annually monitors its design and operation, amongst others
by carrying out a systematic assessment, and renders
account of its effectiveness. Attention is paid to observed
weaknesses, instances of misconduct and irregularities,
indications from whistle blowers, lessons learned and
findings from the internal audit function and the external
auditor. Following the revision of the Corporate
Governance Code in March 2025, minor updates to the
Company’s internal risk management and control systems
were made. The Management Board regularly discusses
the Company’s risk appetite and its findings on the

[page 46]
46 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
effectiveness of the Company’s internal risk management
and contr
ol systems with the Audit Committee and
Supervisory Board. A quarterly risk report is provided to the
Audit Committee and is reviewed during the Audit
Committee meetings.
The Management Board has adopted corporate core
values: Integrity, Care, Collaboration and Ownership that
contribute to a culture focused on sustainable long-term
value-creation for the Company. These values are regularly
discussed with the Supervisory Board, and the
Management Board actively promotes them through
leading by example. The Management Board is responsible
for embedding and upholding these values throughout the
organization. To support these values, the Management
Board has drawn up a Code of Conduct and oversees its
effectiveness and compliance. Findings and observations
related to the Code of Conduct are shared with the
Supervisory Board. More information about the ways of
working of the Management Board is available in the
Management Board rules, which can be found on the
Company’s website (who-we-are/corporate-governance).
Management Board members are appointed, and can be
suspended or dismissed, by the General Meeting. Further
information regarding these procedures can be found in
the articles of association of SBM Offshore N.V .
Before accepting positions outside SBM Offshore,
Management Board members must inform the Supervisory
Board and obtain its approval. Mandates are reviewed
annually by the Supervisory Board and must not conflict
with the Company’s interests. Members of the
Management Board may also be appointed to the statutory
board of the Company’s operational entities. The Company
is compliant with best practice 2.4.2 of the Corporate
Governance Code.
EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP TEAM
The Management Board is supported in its operational
activities by Alexander Glenn (Chief Operating Officer or
COO) and Olivier Icyk (Chief Business Officer or CBO), both
of whom are non-statutory directors. The CEO, CFO, COO
and CBO together form the Executive Leadership Team.
The Executive Leadership Team advises and supports the
Management Board in decision-making on operational and
business matters, as well as implementing the Company’s
strategy. It further provides input to Management Board
decisions that impact the sustainable longer-term success
and strategy of SBM Offshore and is responsible for
ensuring that Management Board decisions are
implemented throughout the organization.
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
The Execut
ive Committee facilitates decision-making
without prejudice to the statutory responsibilities of the
Management Board. At year-end 2025, the Executive
Committee is comprised of the Executive Leadership Team,
the Managing Directors of Turnkey, Global Resources and
Services, Operations, and Enterprise Optimization, as well
as the Group Communications Director, the Sales and
Marketing Director, the Technology, Innovation and Product
Development Director, the Group HR Director and the
Group HSSEQ and Sustainability Director.
The Group HSSEQ and Sustainability Director maintains a
dedicated focus on health, safety, security, environment,
quality and other sustainability-related topics across the
Company. His expertise is leveraged to keep both the
Executive Leadership Team and the Executive Committee
informed and up-to-date. Additionally, the organization
regularly conducts in-depth reviews of sustainability related
topics, facilitated by internal experts or external advisors.
As a result, senior management either possesses or can
access the appropriate skills and expertise relevant to
oversee sustainability matters. In 2025, all Management
Board members and senior management participated in a
sustainability training session focused on ESG governance
and the EU regulatory landscape, to strengthen oversight
of sustainability-related topics.
The Executive Committee is composed of members with
diverse and relevant backgrounds. In principle, the
Executive Committee convenes quarterly, with ongoing
engagement between meetings. During these sessions,
strategic, operational, financial and organizational topics
are discussed, alongside sustainability and ESG matters.
The Executive Committee provides regular updates to the
Management Board – at least quarterly, or more frequently
as needed – regarding significant impacts, risks,
opportunities, and the implementation and effectiveness of
due diligence, policies, actions and metrics, including
targets related to ESG and sustainability. Each member of
the Executive Committee reports directly to a member of
the Executive Leadership Team, ensuring clear
accountability and communication.
The Executive Committee of SBM Offshore is not an
executive committee as referred to in the Dutch Corporate
Governance Code.
WORKS COUNCIL
SBM Offshore N.V . does not have a Works Council or
Central Works Council. The relationship with works councils
or employee representation organizations is maintained at
the level of the individual entities that employ the staff in
the various jurisdictions where the Company operates.
2 GOVERNANCE

[page 47]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 47
ØIVIND TANGEN
Chief Execut
ive Officer and member of the
Management Board, Norwegian nationality,
1973, male
Initial appointment in 2022
Øivind Tangen was appointed as member of
the Management Board and Chief Operating
Officer at the 2022 Annual General Meeting
and became Chief Executive Officer in April
2024. He joined SBM Offshore in 2002, as
operations readiness engineer. He
subsequently acquired a rich experience in
international projects and operational
management, from Nigeria to Angola and
Nova Scotia, Canada. Returning to Monaco in
2014, he held the position of Group Strategy
Director and subsequently Director of Group
Execut
ion Functions. In December 2016, he
was appointed as Managing Director
Operations. Øivind Tangen began his career in
offshore engineering with ABB Offshore
Systems in Oslo.
He holds an MSc in naval architecture from
Trondheim University in Norway and a master’s
degree in MEDEA (Energy, Environmental
Management and Economics) from ENI
Corporate University in Milan.
Øivind Tangen is member of the Supervisory
Board of Ekwil S.A.S., a 50% subsidiary of
SBM Offshore for Floating Offshore Wind
projects.
DOUGLAS WOOD
Chief Financial Officer and member of t
he
Management Board, British nationality,
1971, male
Initial appointment in 2016
Douglas Wood joined SBM Offshore as Group
Financial Director in October 2016. During the
Company’s Extraordinary General Meeting of
November 30, 2016, he was appointed as a
member of the Management Board and took
over the role of CFO. Prior to joining
SBM Offshore, Douglas Wood worked for Shell
for 23 years in various financial management
posit
ions, latterly as CFO and Director of
Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K. in Japan. His other
roles included Vice President Finance and
Planning Exploration (Shell Upstream
International) and Head of Business
Performance Reporting and Financial Planning
(for Shell Exploration and Production).
Douglas Wood is a Fellow of the Chartered
Institute of Management Accountants since
2006 and in 1993 obtained a degree in Classics
at Oxford University.

[page 48]
48 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
ALEXANDER GLENN
Chief Operat
ing Officer and member of the
Executive Leadership Team, British
nationality, 1972, male
Initial appointment in 2024
Alexander Glenn was appointed as member of
the Executive Leadership Team and Chief
Operating Officer on April 12, 2024. He joined
SBM Offshore in 2007 as an Operability
Engineer and then proceeded to gain a wide
experience in international projects and
operational management from Asia, to Europe,
West Africa, North America and Brazil. In 2017,
Alex Glenn was appointed Operat
ions Director
for the global fleet, and subsequently Program
Director for the development and deployment
of an integrated business management system,
before being appointed Managing Director of
Operations in April 2022. Alex Glenn began his
career in offshore operations with Maersk
Contractors in the UK sector of the North Sea. 
Alexander Glenn holds a degree in marine
technology from the University of Newcastle
Upon Tyne.
OLIVIER ICYK
Chief Business Officer and member of t
he
Executive Leadership Team, French
nationality, 1972, male
Initial appointment in 2024
Olivier Icyk was appointed as member of the
Executive Leadership Team and Chief Business
Officer on April 12, 2024.  He joined
SBM Offshore in 1996 as Project Engineer for
installation projects, then taking the role of
Project Manager on many SBM Offshore
products (CALM buoys, Turrets, FPSOs) for 15
years. He later became Fleet Operation
Readiness Manager, before moving to FPSO
Business Acquisit
ion Director, later leading the
FPSO Product Line and, from 2021, as
Managing Director Floating Production
Solutions, responsible for all product
development, business acquisition and project
execution for the FPSO, Turret and Installation
Product Lines. Olivier Icyk has around 30 years
of experience in the oil and gas industry, having
started his career working with other
contractors in South-East Asia. 
Olivier Icyk holds a degree in offshore
engineering from École Centrale de Marseille.
2 GOVERNANCE

[page 49]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 49
2.1.3 SUPERVISORY BOARD AND
COMMITTEES
The Supervisory Boar
d is composed of six members. The
Supervisory Board supervises the Company policies, the
management and the general affairs of the Company and
the business connected to it. It oversees the effectiveness
of the design and operation of the internal risk
management and control systems and the integrity and
quality of the financial and sustainability reporting.
Additionally, the Supervisory Board supervises how the
Management Board develops and implements the
Company’s strategy on sustainable long-term value-
creation, taking into account financial and non-financial
risks. The Supervisory Board advises the Management
Board and regularly discusses the Company’s strategy, its
implementation and the associated key risks. In the
performance of its duties, the Supervisory Board acts in the
interests of SBM Offshore, and considers relevant
stakeholders. Furthermore, certain material decisions of the
Management Board, as stipulated in the Dutch Civil Code,
the articles of association or the Management Board and
Supervisory Board rules, require the Supervisory Board’s
prior approval.
The Supervisory Board has established three
subcommittees: the Audit Committee, the Appointment
and Remuneration Committee and the Technical and
Commercial Committee. The Appointment and
Remuneration Committee operates in two distinct
capacities: i) preparing the selection and appointment of
Management Board and Supervisory Board members and
ii) preparing decision-making regarding remuneration
matters. Each subcommittee assists and advises the
Supervisory Board in fulfilling its responsibilities. More
information about the ways of working of the Supervisory
Board and its committees can be found in the Supervisory
Board and Committee rules, available on the Company’s
website (who-we-are/corporate-governance).
COMPOSITION OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
Members of the Supervisory Board are appointed by the
General Meeting, following nomination by the Supervisory
Board. A Supervisory Board member is appointed for a
four-year term and, unless a Supervisory Board member
resigns earlier, the term of appointment shall end on the
day of the first AGM held in the fourth year after
appointment. A Supervisory Board member may be
re-appointed with due observance of the provision of the
previous sentence, once for another four-year term. After
this, a Supervisory Board member may be re-appointed for
a third period of two years, which may be extended by up
to two additional years. When nominating members, the
Supervisory Board considers competencies and
backgrounds of current members, as well as the
Supervisory Board Diversity and Inclusion policy and the
Supervisory Boar
d Profile. The guiding principle is to
ensure that the Supervisory Board is appropriately diverse
in terms of gender, expertise, experience, competencies
and (cultural) background, in line with best practice
provision 2.1.4 and 2.1.5 of the Corporate Governance
Code. The Supervisory Board appoints one of its members
as Chair and one as Vice-Chair. Further information about
the appointment and dismissal of Supervisory Board
members can be found in the articles of association of
SBM Offshore N.V . The Supervisory Board has established a
retirement schedule for its members, which is available on
the Company’s website (who-we-are/corporate-
governance).
Supervisory Board members must notify the Supervisory
Board before accepting positions outside the Company.
Such positions require the Supervisory Board’s prior
approval and must not conflict with the Company’s
interests. Positions outside the Company are reviewed and
discussed annually by the Supervisory Board. The Company
complies with best practice 2.4.2 of the Corporate
Governance Code.

[page 50]
50 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
ROELAND BAAN
Dutch nat
ionality, 1957, male
Chair of the Supervisory Board, Chair of the
Appointment and Remuneration Committee dealing
with appointment and selection matters.
First appointment in 2018, expiry current term in
2026.
Profession: CEO of Haldor Topsoe A/S.
Background: Roeland Baan started his career at
Shell, where he fulfilled various (senior) management
roles. As of 1996, he worked consecutively at Thyssen
Sonnenberg Recycling, SHV Gas, Mittal Steel and
Arcelor Mittal. Roeland Baan was Executive Vice
Pr
esident and CEO at Aleris until 2015. From April
2016 until June 2020 he was President and CEO at
Outokumpu Oyj.
Education: Roeland Baan has a master in economics
from the VU University in Amsterdam.
Expertise: Significant management and CEO
experience at multinational companies in the energy
industry.
Other mandates6: Independent board member at
Syensqo SA.
INGELISE ARNTSEN
Danish nat
ionality, 1966, female
Vice-Chair of the Supervisory Board, member of the
Audit Committee, member of the Technical and
Commercial Committee.
First appointed in 2021, expiry current term in 2029.
Profession: Non-Executive Director.
Background: Ingelise Arntsen has held executive top
management positions within companies such as
Statkraft AS, REC ASA and Aibel AS. She has also
spent seven years within the shipbuilding industry,
working for Kværner Fjellstrand in Singapore and
Norway.
Education: She holds a bachelor’
 s degree in
economics from the University of Southern Denmark.
Expertise: Extensive international experience from
the shipbuilding industry and from various parts of
the renewable energy industry.
Other mandates6: Vice-Chair of the Supervisory
Board of Statkraft AS, member of the Supervisory
Board of Exportfinans Norge, member of the
Supervisory Board of Corvus Energy AS, member of
the Supervisory Board of Fred. Olsen Windcarier
ASA, Chair of the Supervisory Board of Synera
Renewable Energy.
LUCIA DE ANDRADE
Brazil
ian nationality, 1957, female
Member of the Supervisory Board, member of the
Technical and Commercial Committee.
First appointment in 2025, expiry current term in
2029.
Profession: Non-Executive Director.
Background: Lucia de Andrade held executive
management positions as a senior executive with
companies such as ABB Lummus Global, Technip,
Subsea7 and Shel
l.
Education: Chemical degree from the Federal
University of Rio de Janeiro.
Expertise: Extensive international experience in
various parts of the oil and gas industry.
Other mandates6: Non-Executive Director Subsea 7
S.A.
6 This sect ion includes other mandates that may be relevant for the performance of the duties of the Supervisory Board.
2 GOVERNANCE

[page 51]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 51
ALLARD CASTELEIN
Dutch nat
ionality, 1958, male
Member of the Supervisory Board, Chair of the
Appointment and Remuneration Committee dealing
with remuneration matters, Chair of the Technical and
Commercial Committee.
First appointment in 2023, expiry current term in
2027.
Profession: Non-Executive Director.
Background: Allard Castelein started his career as a
medical doctor, before pursuing an international
career in the energy sector. He joined Shell in 1987,
where he fulfilled several (senior) management
positions. His last position was President
Environment for Shell (2009-2013). From 2014 until
2023, Al
lard Castelein was President and CEO of the
Port of Rotterdam.
Education: Allard Castelein obtained a master's
degree in medicine from the Erasmus University of
Rotterdam.
Expertise: Significant CEO and management
experience in the energy industry, with skills,
amongst others, in sustainable development and the
environment.
Other mandates6: Non-Executive director at
Heijmans N.V ., non-executive director at Associated
British Ports, Special Envoy for Critical Raw Materials
for the Dutch Government.
DENISE DETTINGMEIJER
American nat
ionality, 1965, female
Member of the Supervisory Board, Chair of the Audit
Committee.
First appointment in 2025, expiry current term in
2029.
Profession: CFO of Medical Solutions (USA).
Background: Denise Dettingmeijer held executive
management positions at ADAC Laboratories
Europe, Alcoa, Aleris International and Randstad
Nort
h America.
Education: Master's degree in business
administration with a major in finance and a bachelor
in management & human resource development,
both from the University of Connecticut.
Expertise: Experienced finance executive with more
than twenty years of experience as CFO.
Other mandates6: –
PATRICK JAGER
Dutch nat
ionality, 1980, male
Member of the Supervisory Board, member of the
Audit Committee, member of the Appointment and
Remuneration Committee.
First appointment in 2024, expiry current term in
2028.
Profession: Director HAL Investments B.V .
Education: Patrick Jager holds a master's degr
 ee in
financial economics from the University of Groningen.
Expertise: Extensive financial knowledge and
management expertise.
Other mandates6: Member of the Supervisory Board
of Prodrive Technologies B.V ., member of the
Supervisory Board of Van Wijnen Holding B.V .

[page 52]
52 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
2.1.4 SHARE CAPITAL
Fol
lowing the approval by the General Meeting, on April
10, 2025, SBM Offshore N.V .’s authorized share capital was
decreased from EUR200 million to EUR150 million, divided
into 300,000,000 (previously: 400,000,000) ordinary shares
with a nominal value of EUR0.25 and 300,000,000
(previously: 400,000,000) protective preference shares, also
with a nominal value of EUR0.25. The preference shares can
be issued as a protective measure, as explained in the
section on the Stichting Continuïteit SBM Offshore. As per
December 31, 2025 171,361,365 (2024: 176,361,365)
ordinary shares are issued. No protective preference shares
have been issued.
Bearer shares
In accordance with the Dutch Act on Conversion of bearer
shares (
Wet omzetting aandelen aan toonder), all bearer
shares still outstanding at December 31, 2020, were
converted into registered shares (31,840) held in the name
of the Company, as per January 1, 2021. A shareholder who
handed in a bearer share certificate to the Company before
January 2, 2026, would have been entitled to receive a
replacement registered share from the Company. No
bearer share certificates were handed in, meaning that all
previously outstanding bearer shares are now registered
shares held in the name of the Company.
2.1.5 GENERAL MEETING OF
SHAREHOLDERS
Within six months of the end of the financial year, the
Annual General Meeting (AGM) is held. The agenda for this
meeting generally includes the following standard items:
• The report of the Management Board concerning the
Company’
s affairs and management, as conducted
during the previous financial year.
• The report of the Supervisory Board and its committees.
• The remuneration report(s) for an advisory vote.
• The adoption of the Company’s financial statements, t he
allocation of profits and the approval of the dividend.
• The discharge of the Management Board and of the
Supervisory Boar
d.
• Corporate Governance.
• The delegation of authority to issue shares and to restrict
or exclude pr
e-emptive rights.
• The delegation of authority to purchase own shares.
• The composition of the Supervisory Board and of the
Management Boar
d.
• Any other topics proposed by the Supervisory Board or
shar
eholders in accordance with Dutch law and the
articles of association.
Proposals to the agenda of General Meetings can be made
by persons who ar
e entitled to attend General Meetings,
solely or jointly representing shares amounting to at least
1% of the issued share capital, or with a market value of at
least EUR50 million. Proposals of persons who are entitled
to attend shareholders meetings will only be included in
the agenda if such proposals are made in writing to the
Management Board not later than sixty days before that
meeting.
With reference to the articles of association of
SBM Offshore N.V ., all shareholders are entitled, either
personally or by proxy authorized in writing, to attend the
General Meeting, to address the General Meeting and to
vote. The articles of association do not provide for any
limitation of the transferability of the ordinary shares and
the voting rights of shareholders are not subject to any
limitation.
At the General Meeting, each ordinary share with a nominal
value of EUR0.25 each shall confer the right to cast one (1)
vote. Each protective preference share with a nominal value
of EUR0.25 each shall confer the right to cast one (1) vote,
when issued. None of the protective preference shares
have been issued to date. Unless otherwise required by law
or the articles of association, all resolutions shall be
adopted by an absolute majority of votes. The General
Meeting may adopt a resolution to amend the articles of
association of SBM Offshore N.V . by an absolute majority of
votes cast, but solely upon the proposal of the
Management Board, subject to the approval of the
Supervisory Board. The articles of association are reviewed
on a regular basis and were last amended on April 10, 2025.
On January 17, 2025 an Extra-ordinary General Meeting
was held physically, during which the appointment of Lucia
de Andrade and Denise Dettingmeijer as members of the
Supervisory Board was proposed. A total of 120,249,532
ordinary shares participated in the voting, representing
68.18% of the then issued share capital of 176,361,365
ordinary shares. The proposed resolutions were adopted.
The 2025 AGM was held physically and shareholders could
cast their votes prior to, and during, the meeting.
117,300,140 ordinary shares participated in the voting,
equal to 66.51% (2024: 64.28%) of the then issued share
capital of 176,361,365 ordinary shares. All proposed
resolutions were adopted. The outcome of the voting of
the meeting was published in a press release the same day
and posted on the Company’s website the following day.
Draft minutes were made available to the shareholders via
the Company’s website within three months of the meeting.
Finally, SBM Offshore’s Policy on Shareholder Contacts and
Dialogue can be found on the Company website (who-we-
2 GOVERNANCE

[page 53]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 53
are/corporate-governance) as per best practice 4.2.2 of the
Corporate Governance Code.
2.1.6
ISSUE, REPURCHASE AND
CANCELLATION OF SHARES
The General Meeting or the Management Board, if so
authorized by the General Meeting and with the approval
of the Supervisory Board, may resolve to issue shares.
The General Meeting or the Management Board, subject to
the approval of the Supervisory Board, shall determine the
price and further conditions of issuance, in accordance with
the provisions contained in the articles of association.
Shares shall never be issued below par, except as provided
in article 2:80 (2) Dutch Civil Code. At the 2025 AGM, the
shareholders delegated, to the Management Board, for a
period of eighteen months and, subject to the approval of
the Supervisory Board, the authority to issue ordinary
shares up to 10% of the issued share capital at that time. In
addition, authorization was granted to restrict or exclude
pre-emption rights for a period of eighteen months,
subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board.
The Management Board may, with the authorization of the
General Meeting and the Supervisory Board and without
prejudice to the provisions of article 2:98 Dutch Civil Code
and the articles of association, cause the Company to
acquire fully paid-up shares in its own capital for valuable
consideration. Subject to the approval of the Supervisory
Board, the Management Board may also resolve to dispose
of shares acquired by the Company in its own capital. No
pre-emption right shall apply to such disposal. At the 2025
AGM, the shareholders delegated authority, to the
Management Board, for a period of eighteen months, as
from April 9, 2025, and subject to approval of the
Supervisory Board, to repurchase up to 10% of the issued
share capital at that time.
2.1.7 EXTERNAL AND INTERNAL
AUDITOR
EXTERNAL AUDITOR
The external auditor of SBM Offshore is appointed by the
General Meeting, following proposal from the Supervisory
Board. This proposal is made after a selection process and
a recommendation from the Audit Committee with advice
of the Management Board. At the 2023 AGM, Deloitte
Accountants B.V . (‘DTT’) was appointed as the Company’s
external auditor for a four-year term, covering the audits for
the financial years 2024 through 2027. In anticipation of the
CSRD coming into force, DTT has also been appointed by
the relevant corporate bodies to conduct the assurance
review of the sustainability reports for the financial years
2024 through 2027.
Pursuant to the EU Regulation on specific r
 equirements
regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities and the
audit firms supervision act (’Wet toezicht
accountantsorganisaties’ or ’Wta’), the external auditor
performs his tasks independently from the audit client.
The external auditor attends all meetings of the Audit
Committee, as well as the Supervisory Board meeting
where the financial statements are approved. The external
auditor receives the financial information and underlying
reports of the quarterly results and is given the opportunity
to comment and respond to this information. The Audit
Committee advises the Supervisory Board, which then
communicates the results of this assessment to the General
Meeting. Each year, the Audit Committee and the
Management Board report their interactions with the
external auditor to the Supervisory Board, including
discussions on the auditor’s independence and the
assessment of audit quality.
According to the Auditors Profession Act, the auditors are
prohibited from providing the Company with services in the
Netherlands other than ’audit services aimed to provide
reliability concerning the information supplied by the
audited client for the benefit of external users of this
information and also for the benefit of the Supervisory
Board, as referred to in the reports mentioned’. During
2025, a minor number of limited-scope non-audit services
were provided by foreign member firms of the DTT global
network, reference is made to section 4.3.32. These services
were delivered in compliance with the external auditor’s
independence rules and SBM Offshore’s policy in this
regard.
INTERNAL AUDITOR
The task of the Group Internal Audit Director and the
Group Internal Audit Department (or ’Internal Audit’) is to
assess the design and operation of the effectiveness of
SBM Offshore’s internal risk management and control
systems. It assists the Company in accomplishing its
objectives by bringing a systematic and disciplined
approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of the
organization’s governance, risk management and internal
controls. Through these activities, Internal Audit contributes
to the reliability and substantiation of the VOR statement
and supports SBM Offshore’s commitment to sound
corporate governance.
The Management Board is responsible for the Internal
Audit function. The Supervisory Board oversees the Internal
Audit function and, through the Audit Committee,
maintains regular contact with the Group Internal Audit
Director. Administratively, the Group Internal Audit Director
reports to the CFO. An Internal Audit Plan, based on a risk-
based prioritization of the audit universe, is submitted at

[page 54]
54 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
least annually to the Management Board, then to the Audit
Commit
tee for recommendation and, subsequently, to the
Supervisory Board for approval. The Internal Audit
department reports the results of internal audit activities,
and progress compared to plan, to the Management
Board, Audit Committee and the external auditor.
The Group Internal Audit Director is responsible for
ensuring the independence of the Internal Audit function
and its activities. Safeguards to mitigate any risk of lack of
independence of the Group Internal Audit Director include
direct access to both members of the Management Board,
the Audit Committee Chair and the external auditor. The
Internal Audit department is governed by adherence to the
Corporate Governance Code and the International
Professional Practices Framework (IPPF) of the Institute of
Internal Auditors (IIA). Every five years, the Internal Audit
department is subject to an external quality assurance
review against the standards set out in the IPPF . The most
recent review, performed by the IIA Netherlands in 2024,
confirmed that SBM Offshore’s Internal Audit function
complies with generally accepted standards of professional
practice for internal auditors.
2.1.8 STICHTING CONTINUÏTEIT
SBM OFFSHORE
In this section, SBM Offshore’s takeover protection
measures are described, as well as the circumstances under
which it is expected that these measures may be used.
Stichting Continuïteit SBM Offshore (the Foundation), was
established on March 15, 1988. In summary, its objective is
to represent the interests of SBM Offshore in such a way
that the interests of the Company, and of all parties
involved in this, are safeguarded, and that influences which
could affect the independence, continuity and/or the
identity of the Company in breach of those interests, are
deterred. The Foundation will perform its role, and take all
actions required, at its sole discretion, guided by the
interests of the Company and the business enterprises
connected with it, and all other stakeholders, including
shareholders and employees.
The Foundation is managed by a Board, the composition of
which is intended to ensure that an independent judgment
may be made as to the interests of the Company. It is
currently composed of Mr. B. Vree, Chair, Mr. B. Bot,
Ms. H.F .M. Defesche and Mr. J.O. van Klinken. In order to
inform the Board about the business and interests of the
Company, the Chair of the Supervisory Board, the CEO and
the CFO are invited to attend the Foundation Board
meetings.
The Management Board, with the approval of the
Supervisory Boar
d, has granted the Foundation a call
option to acquire a number of protective preference shares
in SBM Offshore N.V .'s share capital. These shares carry
voting rights, equal to one half of the voting rights carried
by the ordinary shares outstanding immediately prior to the
exercise of the option. This enables the Foundation to
effectively perform its functions, at its sole discretion and
responsibility, as it deems useful or desirable.
The option agreement between SBM Offshore and the
Foundation was last amended and restated in 2011. This
amendment reflected a waiver by the Company of its put
option and the alignment of the nominal value of the
protective preference shares with the nominal value of
ordinary shares, by reducing the nominal value of EUR1 to
EUR0.25. Consequently, the number of protective
preference shares increased, as stipulated in the amended
articles of association of SBM Offshore N.V . at the time. In
2025, the articles of association of SBM Offshore N.V . were
amended to decrease the authorized capital from EUR200
million to EUR150 million, divided into 300,000,000
(previously: 400,000,000) ordinary shares with a nominal
value of EUR0.25 and 300,000,000 (previously: 400,000,000)
protective preference shares, also with a nominal value of
EUR0.25. The Foundation is independent, as required by
article 5:71 (1) (c) Financial Markets Supervision Act.
2.1.9 OTHER REGULATORY MATTERS
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
The members of the Management Board have a services
contract with SBM Offshore N.V . These contracts stipulate
that members of the Management Board may not compete
with the Company. Conflict of interest procedures are
included in the Management Board and Supervisory Board
rules and the Company’s Code of Conduct, and reflect
Dutch law and the principles and best practices of the
Corporate Governance Code. In 2025, there were no
conflicts of interest in relation to the members of the
Management Board and Supervisory Board reported that
were of material significance to the Company. For an
overview of remuneration granted to the Management and
Supervisory Board, reference is made to the remuneration
report. The Company is compliant with best practice 2.7.3
to 2.7.4 of the Corporate Governance Code.
In 2025, SBM Offshore did not enter into transactions with
legal or natural persons who held at least 10% of the shares
in the Company. The Company is compliant with best
practice 2.7.5 of the Corporate Governance Code.
For information about the shares (or other financial
instruments) held in SBM Offshore N.V . by members of the
2 GOVERNANCE

[page 55]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 55
Management Board, reference is made to section 4.3.6 of
t
he notes to the consolidated financial statements.
CHANGE OF CONTROL
The Company is not a party to any material agreement that
takes effect, alters or terminates upon a change of control
of the Company following a public takeover bid, as referred
to in section 5:70 of the Dutch Financial Markets
Supervision Act, other than as mentioned in this paragraph.
SBM Offshore N.V . has a revolving credit facility agreement
under which the approval of the participating lenders must
be obtained in the event of a change of control of the
Company owing to a public takeover bid. Certain
shareholder agreements, vessel charter, EPC, O&M and
services contracts that subsidiaries of the Company have
entered into contain clauses that are triggered in case of a
change of control of the Company following a public
takeover bid, providing contracting parties with certain
rights, such as the right to terminate the relevant
agreement. In addition, local bidding rules and regulations
(e.g. in Brazil for Petrobras) may require client approval for
changes of control. A change-of-control clause is included
in the services contract between the Company and each of
the members of the Management Board.
INCLUSION, DIVERSITY AND EQUITY
In 2024, SBM Offshore updated its Group Inclusion,
Diversity and Equity (IDE) Policy, which is available on the
Company website (who-we-are/corporate-governance).
SBM Offshore fosters a culture of respect, integrity and
continuous improvement, promoting collaboration across
diverse perspectives to drive innovation and excellence. By
ensuring psychological safety, SBM Offshore creates an
environment where colleagues can be themselves, share
experiences, and thrive. SBM Offshore values diversity in all
forms, including gender, age, disability, ethnicity, sexual
orientation, religion, education and national origin.
In the past financial year, SBM Offshore made further
progress in the implementation of its IDE commitments.
This included strengthening the monitoring of workforce
inflow, progression and retention to provide deeper insight
into representation across the employee lifecycle. Insights
from this analysis supported targeted actions to enhance
equal opportunities, reinforce leadership accountability and
address identified barriers to inclusion.
SBM Offshore has zero tolerance for discrimination,
harassment or any other form of inappropriate conduct,
which forms the foundation of its Inclusion, Diversity and
Equity approach.
Diversity and Inclusion are not only foundational to
SBM Offshore, but they are also essential for the
functioning of the corporate bodies. The Diversity and
Inclusion policies for the Supervisory Board, and for the
Management Boar
d, including Senior Management, have
been revised in 2025 with an updated definition of Senior
Management and are also published on the Company
website (who-we-are/corporate-governance). Diversity
targets found to be relevant for the Supervisory Board and
Management Board including Senior Management are
i) gender, and ii) fair and appropriate representation in
terms of nationality, cultural background and experience
relevant to the geographic regions in which the Company
operates. These criteria encompass inclusion
considerations. Therefore, no additional separate inclusion-
specific targets were established.
At year-end 2025, the members of the Management Board
represented two (2024: two) and the members of the
Supervisory Board represented four nationalities (2024:
four), all of which are different from those of the
Management Board. For details refer to the biographies of
the Management Board and Supervisory Board in sections
2.1.2 and 2.1.3. Twelve additional nationalities were
represented in Senior Management, compared to four
under the previous definition in 2024. A broad range of
experience in the geographic regions where the Company
operates is seen. In new regions, experience is being
developed and supported through employee development
plans.
Based on Dutch law, the Company maintained the
following gender diversity targets for 2025: i) Supervisory
Board: at least one third of the seats must be held by both
males and females; ii) Management Board: at least one
female member; and iii) Senior Management: at least one
third of the members must be male and at least one third
female.
As at December 31, 2025, 50% of the Supervisory Board
members were female (above target) compared to 33.33%
at year-end 2024 (at target). As in the previous year, the
Management Board did not meet the set gender diversity
target. It should be noted, however, that there were no
vacancies on the Management Board in 2025. In 2025, due
to the continued evolution of the Company in both
complexity and global reach, Senior Management was set
to include the non-statutory Executive Leadership Team
members, the Executive Committee and the Country
General Managers. Almost 26% of Senior Management
were female (below target). In the previous year, the
realized percentage for this group was 25%; however this
figure is not directly comparable due to an evolution in the
group’s definition. Although the newly defined Senior
Management population remains below the gender target,
it represents an improvement in overall diversity compared
to the previous definition, with a broader range of

[page 56]
56 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
nationalities, cultural backgrounds and professional
experiences now included.
In general, wher
e experience and strong performance often
weigh heavily on the decision for re-appointment, new
appointments provide an opportunity to improve the
balance in terms of targets set when necessary. The targets
set for (gender) diversity will be considered whenever there
are vacancies in the Supervisory Board, Management Board
and Senior Management positions. To support progress
toward the gender targets set for the Management Board
and Senior Management, SBM Offshore applies a
structured approach to succession planning and leadership
development. This includes ensuring that gender-balanced
longlists and shortlists are presented for all senior
leadership vacancies, strengthening internal talent
pipelines, and requiring panels to assess candidates
against consistent, bias‑aware criteria. For example,
SBM Offshore’s leadership program (RISE) is designed to
ensure that both men and women of different nationalities
can advance into senior management and executive
positions. Collaboration with technical schools is an
additional, longer-term, measure aimed at achieving an
improved gender balance. These combined measures are
intended to create sustainable progress toward the
Company’s gender representation ambitions while ensuring
merit-based and transparent appointment processes.
The same targets for the Supervisory Board, Management
Board and Senior Management will be applied for 2026.
Additionally, the broader organizational goal is for women
to comprise 25% of the wider senior management group.
Further details on IDE at SBM Offshore can be found in
section 3.3.1.
CODE OF CONDUCT AND SPEAK UP LINE
In 2025, the Company updated its Code of Conduct as part
of a comprehensive compliance package, including a new
Speak-Up Policy, a new Business Ethics Policy and a new
Privacy Policy, all built on the Company’s four core values:
Integrity, Care, Collaboration and Ownership. Reporting
channels and a Speak Up Line enable SBM Offshore to
carefully listen to its employees and partners in the value
chain about concerns related to potential violations of the
Code of Conduct, core values or the law. The Speak Up
Line, managed by an independent third party, is available
24 hours a day, 365 days a year, supports multiple
languages and allows for anonymous and confidential
reporting. For more details on SBM Offshore’s compliance
program, reference is made to section 2.5.2. The Code of
Conduct is available on the Company website.
COMPLIANCE WITH THE CODE
SBM Of
fshore complies with the principles and best
practices of the Corporate Governance Code.
2 GOVERNANCE

[page 57]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 57
2.2 REPOR T OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
Letter from the Chair of the Supervisory Board
Dear shareholder,
In 2025, SBM Offshore continued to advance its strategy under the guiding promise of True. Blue. Transition. This reflects the
Company’s focus on strengthening its core activities while contributing to the broader blue economy. The strategic priorities
– Drive Excellence, Decarbonize and Diversify, and Grow Economic Value – remained central to decision-making accross the
organization and were supported by the Company’s core values of Integrity, Care, Collaboration and Ownership.
The Supervisory Board is pleased with the Company’s delivery against these priorities. Alongside strong financial r esults,
SBM Offshore achieved significant operational milestones, bringing three of the industry’s largest and most complex FPSOs
into production. FPSOs Almirante Tamandaré and Alexandre de Gusmão reached first oil for Petrobras, while FPSO ONE
GUYANA began production for ExxonMobil Guyana Limited. These achievements reflect the Company’s disciplined project
execution and continued focus on safety, performance and reliability.
Commercial progress also supported the Company’s strategic direction: SBM Offshore secured an operations and
maintenance contract for FPSO GranMorgu with Total Energies and agreed on extensions related to the lease and
operations of FPSOs Mondo and Saxi Batuque with Exxon Exploration Angola (Block 15) Limited. The Company further
optimized its portfolio by divesting its equity interest in the lease and operating entities of FPSO Aseng to GEPetrol.
In addition, SBM Offshore improved its financial posit ion by arranging a US$1.1 billion Revolving Credit Facility, refinancing
and increasing the existing facility ahead of its February 2026 maturity and maintaining flexibility to support future ambitions.
For further details about the activities of the Supervisory Board and its committees, I refer to the next sections of this chapter.
On behal
f of the Supervisory Board,
Roeland Baan, Chair
ROLE AND POSITION SUPERVISORY BOARD
The Supervisory Boar
d oversees and advises the
Management Board in performing its management tasks,
as well as overseeing the general affairs of the Company
and its associated business activities. In performing their
duties, the members of the Supervisory Board are guided
by the interests of SBM Offshore and its stakeholders.
SUPERVISORY BOARD COMPOSITION AND
INDEPENDENCE
In 2025, Bernard Bajolet stepped down after the AGM
following seven years of service. Hilary Mercer, who had
been a Supervisory Board member since the 2022 AGM,
stepped down as per January 1, 2025. The Supervisory
Board is grateful for their insights, knowledge and
contributions. The Supervisory Board welcomed Lucia de
Andrade and Denise Dettingmeijer following their
appointment at the Extraordinary General Meeting of
January 17, 2025. Their terms are effective from that date
and will end at the 2029 AGM, which is in the fourth year
after their appointment. In accordance with best practice
2.2.2 of the Corporate Governance Code, the
competencies and background of the Supervisory Board
members already in function, as well as the Diversity and
Inclusion Policy and the Profile for the Supervisory Board,
were closely observed for nominations made. Reference is
made to section 2.1.3 for the biographies of the
Supervisory Board members.
Nationality At year-end 2025 At year-end 2024
Dutch 50% 50%
Danish 16.67% 16.67%
Brazilian 16.67% -
American 16.67% -
French - 16.67%
British - 16.67%
Gender At year-end 2025 At year-end 2024
Male 50% 66.67%
Female 50% 33.33%
Tenure (in years, from date of
appointment to 2025 AGM)
Tenure (in years, from date of
appointment to 2024 AGM)
0-2 years 50% 57.14%
3-5 years 33.33% 14.29%
+6 years 16.67% 28.57%
Independence
At year
-end, five out of six Supervisory Board members are
independent from the Company within the meaning of best
practice provisions 2.1.7 to 2.1.9 inclusive of the Corporate
Governance Code. The exception is Patrick Jager in view of
his position as director of HAL Investments B.V .
Independence At year-end 2025 At year-end 2024
Independent 83.33% 83.33%
Non-Independent 16.67% 16.67%

[page 58]
58 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
SUPERVISORY BOARD MEETINGS AND
A
TTENDANCE
In 2025, the Supervisory Board met six times for its
scheduled meetings and had three additional meetings.
The Supervisory Board assessed that its members have
sufficient t ime available to give adequate attention to the
Company. The attendance rate of the Supervisory Board
meetings was c. 93%. The table below shows the overview
of the attendance in 2025 at meetings for the individual
members out of the number eligible to attend.
2025 Supervisory Board meeting attendance overview
Members1 Supervisory Board Audit Committee
Technical and Commercial
Commit
tee
Appointment and Remuneration
Commit
tee
Roeland Baan (Chair) 7/9 - - 6/7
Ingelise Arntsen (Vice-Chair) 9/9 5/5 6/6 -
Lucia de Andrade 8/9 - 6/6 -
Denise Dettingmeijer 9/9 5/5 - -
Allard Castelein 9/9 - 6/6 7/7
Patrick Jager 9/9 5/5 - 2/3
Bernard Bajolet 1/2 - 1/2 1/2
1 When a Supervisory Board member retired, was appointed or stepped down from the Supervisory Board or a committee during the year, only the meetings
during t
he tenure in the role are considered.
The Management Board, as well as the COO, CBO and
ot
her senior management representatives delivered
presentations on specific topics within their respective
areas of responsibility. Prior to the regular meetings, the
Supervisory Board convened in private session to reflect on
the agenda and discuss key matters. The Supervisory Board
also received regular updates on relevant Company
developments outside of these meetings. Where possible,
informal pre-board dinners were organized, providing
additional opportunities for the Supervisory Board to
engage with senior management. Between meetings, the
Chair of the Supervisory Board maintained regular
communication with the Management Board.
Key activities
Throughout 2025, the Supervisory Board addressed a broad
spectrum of topics, consistently considering the interests of
the Company, its business and relevant stakeholders.
Strategy remained a core focus, playing a central role in the
Supervisory Board’s deliberations and decision-making
processes. The Supervisory Board closely monitors and
evaluates the Management Board’s implementation of the
Company’s strategy, with particular attention to the
strategic priorities that drive long-term value creation for
stakeholders.
An area of attention continued to be the integration of
environmental, social, governance and economic
considerations into the Company’s strategic agenda. This
included a review of the results of the 2025 double
materiality assessment, which incorporated feedback from
stakeholders and provided a foundation for understanding
and managing SBM Offshore’s ESG impact. The
Supervisory Board regularly discussed progress on the
implementation of these strategy objectives. The
Supervisory Board employed various mechanisms to
monitor the achievement of the targets set, including
r
egular reviews of the Group Balanced Scorecard, which
applies to both the Management Board and the wider
organization.
The Supervisory Board reviewed and discussed the results
of the assessment by the Management Board of the
strategic, operational, compliance and reporting risks
related to the Company’s strategy and business activities
and evaluated the integrity and quality of the Company’s
financial and sustainability reporting and the effectiveness
of the Company’s internal risk management and control
systems, as reported by the Audit Committee. As
customary each year, the Supervisory Board reviewed and
approved the internal audit plan and the external auditor’s
plan. Beyond overseeing the execution of strategic
objectives, the Supervisory Board discussed the culture
within the organization that aims to contribute to
sustainable long-term value creation.
Key topics discussed in 2025 included SBM Offshore’s
contribution to more sustainable growth of the blue
economy, with a focus on cleaner and more efficient energy
production and innovative ocean infrastructure solutions.
The Supervisory Board regularly discussed market
developments, explored potential commercial
opportunities and reviewed operational performance and
continuous improvement initiatives, regarding for instance
on-time execution, flawless start-up, and reliable
operations. Recurring agenda items therefore included
project execution and performance, sales, marketing and
tendering activities, operational strategy and performance,
as well as developments in the geopolitical landscape.
The Supervisory Board also reviewed and approved the
Long-Term Financial Plan, the annual budget, financial and
2 GOVERNANCE

[page 59]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 59
sustainability reporting, the US$155 million dividend
pr
oposal presented to the AGM and the launch of the
US$150 million (EUR141 million equivalent) share
repurchase program. In addition, treasury and corporate
finance matters as well as the investor relations strategy,
were regularly discussed.
Updates and discussions with the Supervisory Board also
encompassed SBM Offshore’s organizational culture and
core values, Integrity, Care, Ownership and Collaboration,
which underpin the Company's commitment to sustainable
long-term value creation. Presentations were delivered on
talent management, training and development, and the
updated Group Inclusion, Diversity and Equity Policy, which
was rolled out in 2024. Progress in these areas was closely
monitored, and the results of the employee engagement
survey, along with follow-up actions were discussed and
provided insight into employee satisfaction and the
organizational climate.
Induction, training and evaluation
New members of the Supervisory Board receive a
comprehensive induction tailored to their individual
background and needs. This program is designed to ensure
that new Supervisory Board members quickly gain a
thorough understanding of SBM Offshore’s business,
governance structure, and strategic priorities. During their
first year of appointment, new members are encouraged to
attend meetings of committees to which they are not
formally a member, providing them with broader exposure
to the Supervisory Board’s activities and decision-making
processes. In 2025, SBM Offshore welcomed Lucia de
Andrade and Denise Dettingmeijer as new members to the
Supervisory Board. Their induction included a series of in-
depth sessions with the Management Board, COO, CBO
and senior management. These sessions covered a wide
range of operational, commercial, financial, social, legal
and sustainability topics relevant to SBM Offshore’s
activities.
The Supervisory Board places importance on maintaining a
close connection with SBM Offshore’s operations and its
people. In the summer of 2025, the Supervisory Board
members, together with the Management Board, visited
Guyana. This visit enabled the Supervisory Board to
engage directly with local teams and a variety of
stakeholders, providing valuable insights into
SBM Offshore’s operations in the region. Another highlight
of the trip was the offsite visit to FPSO 
Prosperity, which
offered firsthand experience of the operational
environment. Similarly, in December, the Supervisory Board
convened at the Rotterdam Office, and received
presentations on its activities and engaged in discussions
with management and staff.
In August 2025, the Supervisory Board assessed the profiles
and the competencies of its individual members with a view
that the Supervisory Board continues to possess the
necessary skills and expertise. An annual evaluation of the
functioning of the Supervisory Board, its committees and its
members is also performed. Following an external
evaluation in 2023, the 2025 evaluation was conducted
through an online survey completed by both Management
Board and Supervisory Board members. The results were
discussed with the Supervisory Board in November 2025.
The assessment confirmed that the Supervisory Board and
its members function effectively, and that the Supervisory
Board’s composition reflects the required skill sets and
areas of expertise. Meetings of the Supervisory Board are
characterized by an open, constructive, and transparent
atmosphere, with active participation from all members. It
was suggested to meet more often in an informal setting to
strengthen team cohesion as well as getting to know the
countries and cultures where SBM Offshore operates. The
Supervisory Board also evaluated the functioning of the
Management Board, concluding that it functions effectively,
with a strong spirit of cooperation and teamwork. The
Management Board regularly reviewed its own
performance, both collectively and individually, throughout
the year. These sessions included discussions on roles and
responsibilities, meeting efficiency and the relationship with
the Supervisory Board and senior management.
Continuous attention was also given to diversity and
inclusion within the organization, reflecting SBM Offshore’s
commitment to fostering an inclusive and high-performing
culture.
SUPERVISORY BOARD COMMITTEES
The Supervisory Board has established three committees,
each composed of its members. These committees have
advisory powers, present primary considerations and
conclusions of their meetings during the Supervisory Board
meeting and provide recommendations for decision-
making. The composition of these committees was
changed in 2025 due to changes within the Supervisory
Board.

[page 60]
60 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Committee composition at year-end 2025
  Appointment and Remuneration Committee
Members Audit Committee Technical and Commercial Committee Appointment matters Remuneration matters
Roeland Baan (Chair) Chair √
Ingelise Arntsen (Vice-Chair) √ √
Lucia de Andrade √
Denise Dettingmeijer Chair
Allard Castelein Chair √ Chair
Patrick Jager √ √ √
Audit Committee
In 2025, fol
lowing the departure of Hilary Mercer on
January 1, Denise Dettingmeijer joined the Committee and
succeeded Ingelise Arntsen as Chair. Over the course of the
year, the Committee convened five times, achieving an
attendance rate of 100%.
The Committee supports the Supervisory Board in fulfilling
its oversight responsibilities by conducting detailed reviews
of the Company's financial and sustainability reporting, the
integrity and quality thereof, and overseeing the
effectiveness of the internal risk management and control
systems.
Meetings were attended by the Management Board, the
Group Internal Audit Director, the Group Controller and the
external auditor. After each meeting, the Committee held
private sessions with the external auditor, without the
presence of the Management Board. The Chair of the Audit
Committee also maintained regular contact with the CFO,
and separately the Group Internal Audit Director, and the
external auditor to facilitate oversight and follow-up.
Recurring agenda topics included review and
recommendations on the financial and sustainability
reporting (including interim and financial statements), and
reviewing IT and cybersecurity reports, internal audit
reports, risk reports, legal claims, compliance and Speak-up
reports. The Committee also reviewed and made
recommendations on the financial plan, annual budget,
dividend proposal and share buyback program. Additional
topics included AGM preparation including
recommendation for the appointment of Deloitte
Accountants B.V . as assurance provider for the sustainability
reporting, assessment of risk appetite, review of the 2025
internal audit plan, tax matters, financing arrangements,
oversight of CSRD implementation and the double
materiality assessment. The Audit Committee is involved in
the oversight, review and assessment of the risk
management and internal control design and its operating
effectiveness. The Audit Committee was closely involved in
the process related to and substantiation of the new Risk
Management Statement (VOR) to be issued by the
Management Board. The topic was on a regular basis on
the agenda of the Audit Committee meetings. The Audit
Commit
tee concluded that the substantiation by the
Management Board is sufficient to be able to issue this
VOR Statement, included in section 2.8 of this Annual
Report. Discussions were held with the external auditor
about the audit plan, interim audit findings report, board
report, audit report, financial statements including
managerial judgments and key accounting estimates and
the sustainability information. Additionally, the Committee
formally evaluated the external auditor after completion of
the audit. The Committee Chair reported to the
Supervisory Board on the principal items discussed, actions
arising, follow-up of such actions, and made
recommendations on matters requiring a Supervisory Board
decision.
Appointment and Remuneration Committee
In 2025, following the departure of Bernard Bajolet at the
AGM, Patrick Jager was appointed as member of the
Appointment and Remuneration Committee. During the
year, the Committee held five scheduled meetings and two
additional meetings, achieving an attendance rate of
almost 86%.
The Appointment and Remuneration Committee operates
in two distinct capacities: one focused on selection and
appointment matters regarding the composition and the
functioning of the Management Board and the Supervisory
Board, and the other dedicated to remuneration matters
relating to both Boards. Committee meetings were
attended by the Management Board and the Group HR
Director, except when the Committee elected to discuss
matters in private. At each Supervisory Board meeting, the
respective Chair reported on selection and appointment
matters as well as the remuneration matters reviewed by
the Committee, including actions arising and the follow-up
of such actions. The Committee made recommendations
on those matters requiring a decision from the Supervisory
Board. For further details, please refer to the Remuneration
Report (section 2.3).
Appointment matters discussed during the year addressed
the composition, functioning, and succession planning of
2 GOVERNANCE

[page 61]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 61
both the Management Board and the Supervisory Board.
Regular agenda items included or
ganizational structure,
talent management, training and development, culture,
and inclusion, diversity, and equity.
Remuneration topics discussed included Management
Board remuneration (target setting and realization), the
Value Creation Stake award, preparation of the
Management Board remuneration policy for submission to
the 2025 AGM, and the Remuneration Report.
Remuneration for senior management was also presented.
Technical and Commercial Committee
In 2025, the Technical and Commercial Committee
welcomed Lucia de Andrade as a new member, while
Bernard Bajolet stepped down at the 2025 AGM.
Throughout the year, the Committee convened six times,
achieving an attendance rate of c. 95%.
The Committee is primarily tasked to support the
Supervisory Board’s decision-making across a number of
areas, including HSSEQS and related improvement
initiatives, operational performance, project execution,
sales, marketing, tendering activities and risks associated
with the foregoing. Regular agenda items included the
HSSEQS report, operational strategy and performance, as
well as project prospects, execution and performance.
Additional topics addressed during the meetings
encompassed quality control, project planning and control,
technology and innovation, and geopolitical developments.
Discussions on sales, marketing and tendering activities
and technological developments were also held during
Supervisory Board meetings.
Committee meetings were attended by the Management
Board, COO, CBO and relevant senior management
representatives, ensuring coverage of topics within the
Committee’s remit. The Committee Chair reported to the
Supervisory Board on the principal items discussed, actions
arising, follow-up of such actions, and made
recommendations on matters requiring a Supervisory Board
decision.
CONCLUSION
The Financial Statements for 2025 have been aud
ited by
the external auditor, Deloitte Accountants B.V . Their
findings have been discussed with both the Audit
Committee and the Supervisory Board, in the presence of
the Management Board. The external auditor has issued an
unqualified opinion on the Financial Statements.
In accordance with their statutory obligations under article
2:101 (2) of the Dutch Civil Code, the members of the
Supervisory Board have signed the 2025 Financial
Statements. The members of the Management Board have
also signed the 2025 Financial Statements pursuant to their
statutory obligations under article 2:101(2) of the Dutch
Civil Code and article 5:25c (2) (c) of the Financial Markets
Supervision Act. The Supervisory Board of
SBM Offshore N.V . recommends that the General Meeting
adopts the Financial Statements for the year 2025.
Supervisory Board
Roeland Baan, Chair
Ingelise Arntsen, Vice-Chair
Lucia de Andrade
Allard Castelein
Denise Dettingmeijer
Patrick Jager
Schiphol, the Netherlands
February 25, 2026

[page 62]
62 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
2.3 REMUNERA TION REPORT
Letter from the Chair of the Appointment and Remuneration Committee for remuneration matters
Dear shareholder,
Below you find a ful l account of our remuneration policies and how we implemented them in 2025.
Key highlights for the year in terms of remuneration matters include:
• Remunerat ion reports: At the 2025 AGM, shareholders issued a positive vote on the 2024 remuneration reports for both
the Management Board and Supervisory Board, with support exceeding 97% and 99% respectively.
• Adopt ion of Management Board Remuneration Policy update: Pursuant to Dutch law, the Management Board
Remuneration Policy (RP 2026) was submitted to the 2025 AGM for adoption following thorough preparation which
included the support of an independent external remuneration advisor, and stakeholder engagement. During these
engagement meetings, we experienced a continued support for the principles of RP 2022 and the proposed minor
updates to the policy text and the update of the peer group. As a Committee, we are pleased that shareholders expressed
strong support at the AGM and adopted RP 2026 with over 97% of the votes. RP 2026 will take effect on January 1, 2026;
this report is based on RP 2022, which governed remuneration in 2025.
• Business perfor mance: The Company delivered a strong performance across the Group, as well as on the Profitability,
Growth and Sustainability performance targets as set for 2025. As a result, the variable compensation for the Management
Board (STI) was awarded accordingly.
• T ransparency and Disclosure: We remain committed to transparent reporting and and continue to provide disclosures on
STI targets and outcomes to enable shareholders to assess pay for performance alignment.
At the end of this report, you will find our out look for 2026 in terms of remuneration.
We look forward to engaging with you on this report and thank you for your continued support.
On behalf of the Appointment and Remuneration Committee,
Allard Castelein, Chair for remuneration matters
2.3.1 MANAGEMENT BOARD
REMUNERA
TION POLICY
Introduction
The Remuneration Policy 2022 (RP 2022) became effective
January 1, 2022 after being adopted by shareholders with
91% of the votes on April 7, 2021. Pursuant to Dutch law, at
the 2025 AGM, the Remuneration Policy 2026 (RP 2026) was
submitted to the shareholders and adopted with 97.54% of
the votes on April 9, 2025. RP 2026 is effective on January 1,
2026. Reporting in this remuneration report takes place on
the basis of RP 2022 as it was effective in 2025. Full details
and the principles and rationale for the RP 2022 and RP
2026 are available on SBM Offshore’s website (who-we-are/
corporate-governance).
The Company remunerates members of the Management
Board for long-term value creation. RP 2022 is based on
competitive remuneration aligned with the long-term
performance of SBM Offshore. It is built on six reward
principles: simplicity, flexibility, predictability,
competitiveness, alignment and, most importantly, driving
the right results.
This remuneration report has been written based on the EU
Shareholder Rights’ Directive (SRD II) as implemented in
the Netherlands.
Explanation of RP 2022
SBM Offshore is the world’s deepwater ocean-infrastructure
expert. Under advancing the core, SBM Offshore remains
dedicated to its core activities while striving to advance
towards a net-zero future. To support this, SBM Offshore
develops ocean infrastructur
e solutions promoting the
decarbonization and increasing efficiency of traditional oil
and gas production through proven and progressive ocean
infrastructure expertise. By pioneering more, SBM Offshore
applies its capabilities to unlock new markets within the
blue economy. In executing the strategy, SBM Offshore is
guided by its Core Values: Integrity, Care, Collaboration
and Ownership.
The underlying principles of the remuneration policy of the
Management Board of SBM Offshore N.V . support the
vision and ambition, and aim for sustainable long-term
value creation for SBM Offshore through the Value Creation
Stake balanced with pay for performance through the
short-term incentive (STI).
The Company’s strategy revolves around excellence in the
execution of ocean infrastructure while reducing costs and
emissions from oil and gas production and, in parallel,
developing new lower-carbon solutions with unwavering
dedication to health, safety, and protection of the
environment. In RP 2022, pay is linked to the strategic goals
through the STI performance areas of Profitability, Growth
and Sustainability performance through annual financial,
non-financial and sustainability targets for the respective
performance year. As such, Management Board
remuneration is directly linked to the success of the
Company and the value delivered to shareholders.
Sustainability is an integral part of the strategy, and is
explicitly expressed through the Sustainability performance
2 GOVERNANCE

[page 63]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 63
area and also through the underpin test for the Value
Cr
eation Stake.
REMUNERATION POLICY DETAILS
Base Salary Fixed component Level set based on both 
internal and external benchmarks  
STI
Percentage of Base Salary as 
short-term cash incentive (100% at 
target for CEO and 75% for other 
Management Board members)
Identical targets for all Management Board 
members (based on profitability,
growth and sustainability performance)
Value  
Creation 
Stake
Award of locked-in shares: 
175% of Base Salary
This award is conditional upon  
Supervisory Board approval – Immediate  
vesting plus 5-year holding requirement
Pension Pension allowance equal 
to 25% of Base Salary
Management Board members  
are responsible for their 
own pension arrangements
Benefits Benefits include car allowance 
and health/life insurance 
Other benefits depend on  
individual circumstances and may  
include a housing allowance
REMUNERATION POLICY STRUCTURE MANAGEMENT BOARD
Employment conditions and pay of employees within
SBM Of
fshore are taken into account when formulating the
remuneration policy, for instance through the internal pay-
ratio analysis. Employment conditions for Management
Board members may differ from those applicable to
employees because their responsibilities are on a different
level. The principles of the remuneration policy applicable
to the Management Board are used as a guideline for
remuneration at SBM Offshore as a whole.
The four components of the remuneration package of
Management Board members under RP 2022 are: (1) base
salary, (2) STI, (3) Value Creation Stake and (4) Pension and
Benefits.
BASE SALARY
The base salary is set by the Supervisory Board and is a
fixed component paid in cash. Depending on internal and
external developments such as market movements, the
Supervisory Board may adjust base salary levels.
SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE
The objective of the STI is to provide a direct alignment of
pay with short-term operational performance. Under RP
2022, the STI key performance indicators focus on three
performance areas: (i) Profitability, (ii) Growth and (iii)
Sustainability performance. The Supervisory Board, upon
the recommendation of the Appointment and
Remuneration Committee, determines the specific
performance targets for each of the performance measures
in the beginning of the financial year
 . The weight awarded
to each of the performance areas is set within the following
ranges:
STI
PERFORMANCE  
MEASURES WEIGHTING
PROFITABILITY 40 - 60%
GROWTH 20 - 40%
SUSTAINABILITY 
PERFORMANCE 15 - 25%
TOTAL 100%
DISCRETIONARY  
JUDGEMENT  
SUPERVISORY BOARD
- 10%
The Supervisory Board will inform the shareholders in the
r
emuneration report of the performance delivered in the
reporting year on the targets set for the three performance

[page 64]
64 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
areas and the corresponding pay-out awarded to each of
t
he Management Board members. Performance measures
will not be adjusted retrospectively.
Performance ranges – threshold, target and maximum – are
set for each of the key performance indicators. The STI is
set at a target level of 100% of the base salary for the CEO
and 75% of the base salary for other Management Board
members. The threshold pay-out is at 0.5 times target and
maximum pay-out will not exceed 1.5 times target. A linear
pay-out line applies between threshold and maximum.
Performance below threshold results in zero pay-out. The
Supervisory Board may adjust the outcome of the STI down
by a maximum of 10%, which adjustment, if applied, will be
reported on in the remuneration report.
At the end of the performance year, the performance
delivered is reviewed by the Supervisory Board and the
pay-out level is determined. Target setting and realization
are published ex post in this remuneration report. For order
intake and project performance that are very sensitive
commercially, a qualitative appraisal will be presented. The
STI is payable in cash after the publication of the Annual
Report for the performance year.
VALUE CREATION STAKE
The Value Creation Stake is an award of restricted shares to
create direct alignment with long-term shareholder value.
The awarded shares must be held for at least five years.
After retirement or termination, the holding period will not
be longer than two years. The gross annual grant value for
each of the Management Board members is 175% of base
salary. The number of shares granted is determined by
using a four-year average share price (volume-weighted).
The Value Creation Stake has a variable element to the
extent that the share price develops during the holding
period and includes performance underpins. The underpin
serves as a mechanism to ensure an acceptable threshold
level of performance. Prior to the grant of the Value
Creation Stake, the Supervisory Board can consider that it is
withheld in full or in part when events within control of the
incumbent Management Board have occurred that threaten
the long-term continuity of the Company, in case of:
• Safety event resulting in the loss of multiple lives and/or
significant oil damage to the environment and/or loss of
an FPSO; and/or
• Compliance issue resulting in the Company being
unable to operate in one or more of its primary markets;
and/or
• Significant project impairment due to insufficient
oversight or gross negligence or deliberate omissions.
This relates to large projects with a value exceeding
US$1 billion.
All members of the Management Board are required to
build up Company stock of at least 350% of base salary
. The
value of the share ownership is determined annually at the
date of grant.
PENSION
The Management Board members are responsible for their
own pension arrangements and receive a pension
allowance equal to 25% of their base salary for this
purpose.
OTHER BENEFITS
The Management Board members are entitled to
additional benefits, such as a company car allowance,
medical, disability and life insurance and (dependent on
the personal situation of the Management Board member)
a housing allowance and school fees.
KEY ELEMENTS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS
Each of the Management Board members has entered into
a service contract with the Company, the terms of which
have been disclosed in the explanatory notes for the
General Meeting at which the Management Board member
was (re-)appointed.
Adjustment of remuneration and claw-back
The service contracts with the Management Board
members contain an adjustment clause giving discretionary
authority to the Supervisory Board to adjust the payment of
the STI, if a lack of adjustment would produce an unfair or
unintended result as a consequence of extraordinary
circumstances during the period in which the performance
criteria have been, or should have been, achieved. Based
on earlier shareholder feedback, the Supervisory Board
determined that upward adjustments will not be
considered.
A claw-back provision is included in the service contracts,
enabling the Company to recover the STI and/or LTI on
account of incorrect financial data.
Severance Arrangements
The Supervisory Board will determine the appropriate
severance payment for Management Board members in
accordance with the relevant service contracts and
Corporate Governance Code. The Corporate Governance
Code provides that the severance payment will not exceed
a sum equivalent to the annual base salary. This also
applies in a situation of a change in control.
Loans
SBM Offshore does not grant loans, advances or
guarantees to its Management Board members.
2 GOVERNANCE

[page 65]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 65
2.3.2 2025 MANAGEMENT BOARD
REMUNERA
TION
The Supervisory Board is responsible for ensuring that the
remuneration policy is appropriately applied and aligned
with the Company’s objectives. The remuneration level is
determined by the Supervisory Board using a comparison
with Dutch and international peer companies, as well as
internal pay ratios across the Company.
REFERENCE GROUP
In order to determine a competitive base salary level and to
monitor total remuneration levels of the Management
Board, a reference group of relevant companies in the
industry (t
he ‘Reference Group‘) has been defined. Pay
levels of the Management Board members are bench-
marked to the Reference Group. In the event a position
cannot be bench-marked within the Reference Group, the
Supervisory Board may benchmark a position to similar
companies. In 2024, in preparation of the Management
Board Remuneration Policy being tabled at the 2025 AGM,
a benchmark was done and the Reference Group was
updated as follows:
Aker Solutions ASA Noble Corp. Plc Tecnicas Reunidas SA
Arcadis NV Oceaneering International, Inc Technip Energies NV
Fugro NV RPC Inc. Transocean Ltd
Helmerich & Payne, Inc Royal Vopak NV Vallourec SA
IMI Plc Saipem SpA
Maire Tecnimont SpA Subsea 7 SA
  * Compared to 2024 the reference group has changed. Due to changes such as restructuring and delisting John Wood Group Plc and 
Petrofac Ltd are no longer part of the reference group.
PAY RATIO
SBM Of
fshore provides pay ratio information to illustrate
how the annual total remuneration of the CEO compares to
employees over the period. Two pay ratio metrics are
presented:
1. CEO versus median employee pay ratio (per ESRS-
S1.16). This ratio is calculated by dividing the total
actual CEO remuneration in euros (as disclosed in the
remuneration report) by the median remuneration of all
other staff, whereby for the latter the applicable
SBM Offshore country remuneration policy is applied.
For 2025, the increase in the pay ratio is driven by the
increase of CEO’s variable remuneration linked to the
related underlying share price component increase and
the negative impact of exchange-rate fluctuations
(affecting negatively the median euro). In addition,
remuneration structures may differ per country.
2. CEO versus average employee pay ratio (per
Corporate Governance Code). This ratio is calculated
by dividing the CEO’s total accounting costs of
remuneration by the average annual overall employee
benefit and contractor expenses (excluding employees
working for non-consolidated JVs and associates).
The average total employee and contractor costs per FTE
in 2025 wer
e EUR143,000 (2024: EUR148,000). The decrease
is primarily caused by an increase in the average number of
employees.
INTERNAL PAY RATIO
CEO versus – average employee remuneration
PAY RATIO (as per ESRS-S1.16)
CEO versus – median employee remuneration
2024 CEO remuneration has been annualized  
and is EUR3,533,583 on both graphs.
44 
21 
44 31 33 
 -  10  20  30  40  50
CEO
66 
59 
65 
 54  56  58  60  62  64  66  68
CEO
2025 2024 2023
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
44 
31 
33 
24 
27 
 -  5  10  15  20  25  30  35  40  45  50
CEO
44 
21 
44 31 33 
 -  10  20  30  40  50
CEO
66 
59 
65 
 54  56  58  60  62  64  66  68
CEO
2025 2024 2023
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
44 
31 
33 
24 
27 
 -  5  10  15  20  25  30  35  40  45  50
CEO

[page 66]
66 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
TOTAL REMUNERATION OVERVIEW
The table below pr
ovides insight into the costs for
SBM Offshore for Management Board reward in 2025
(based on RP 2022) and presents an overview of the
r
emuneration of the Management Board members.
Remuneration of the Management Board
in thousands of EUR Fixed remuneration Variable remuneration
Name of Director, Position Year Base salary
Other
benefits STI1
Value
Cr
eation
Stake
Pension
expense
Total
r
emuneration
Proportion of
fixed and
variable
r
emuneration
Øivind Tangen, CEO2 2025 775 226 1,062 1,658 194 3,914 26%/74%
20243 703 153 840 1,167 176 3,039 28%/72%
2023 518 145 466 916 130 2,175 36%/64%
2022 5584 346 256 695 121 1,975 52%/48%
Douglas Wood, CFO 2025 600 44 617 1,283 150 2,694 24%/76%
20245 584 53 552 938 146 2,273 28%/72%
2023 544 36 490 962 136 2,167 33%/67%
2022 537 42 342 850 134 1,906 37%/63%
2021 518 50 517 968 129 2,182 32%/68%
1 STI based on accrual accounting, taking into consideration that this r eflects the STI to be paid over the performance of that year.
2 CEO and Management Board member from April 12, 2024, before that date COO and Management Board member from April 6, 2022.
3 As per April 12, 2024 the base salary increased to EUR775,000.
4 Including unwinding of rights as employee prior to the Management Board nomination.
5 As per April 12, 2024 the base salary increased to EUR600,000.
BASE SALARY
The 2025 and 2024 base salary levels of t
he Management
Board members are shown in the table above:
Remuneration of the Management Board. There have been
no changes to base salary levels in 2025.
2 GOVERNANCE

[page 67]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 67
SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE
RP 2022 ind
icates that the STI performance areas are
Profitability, Growth and Sustainability.
The Supervisory Board set the financial, non-financial and
sustainability metrics and the detailed targets (reflected as
threshold, target and max) for each of these performance
areas at the beginning of the financial year. For each of
these targets, a scenario analysis takes place to ensure that
the targets are suitable, supportive to the strategy and
challenging. When conducting scenario analyses and
establishing the metrics and detailed targets, the
Supervisory Board identifies critical variables and factors
that could impact the Company’s performance in the
relevant performance areas and could influence pay
outcomes.
Additionally, regular updates are given on the forecasted
tar
get realization throughout the year. These updates are
also taken into consideration in the scenario analyses when
establishing the targets and detailed metrics at the
beginning of the following year.
The following two tables show an overview of the 2025
target realization and the related 2025 STI for the individual
Management Board members.
Performance
ar
ea Performance indicator Relative
weight Threshold Target Max Actual
perfor
mance
Actual in %
of tar
get
Profitability
Directional
Ad
justed Group
EBITDA (US$ mln)1
50%
1,520 1,570 1,640 1,681 (=Max)
72.0%Project and Fleet
Execut
ion
performance2
Commercially sensitive Between Max
and T
arget
Growth
FPSO Commercial
25% Commercially sensitive Max 37.5%Positioning3
Energy transition4
Sustainability
Safety: Process
Safety
25%
T1 Process Safety Incidents 2 (=Min)5
27.5%
Safety: FPI + TRIFR Fatalities and Permanent Impairments (FPI) +
TRIFR
TRIFR=0.72;
FPI=0
(=T
arget)
Operational
Excel
lence on CO2
produced
Average CO2 per barr el produced (kg) (fleet
average) 20.4 (=Max)
Safe and
Sustainable
Recycl
ing
Development decommissioning plans Target
Employee
Engagement6 Min Target Max Max
Weighted performance on all
ind
icators 100% 137.0%
1 Underlying EBITDA r eflects the following adjustment: Thunderhawk profit on sale of US$28 mln removed from the reported Directional EBITDA.
2 Project and Fleet Execution performance was assessed qualitatively in terms of fleet and project execution/delivery and performance ('Operational
Excellence and Quality').
3 FPSO Commercial Positioning was assessed in terms of positioning for strong FPSO market and commercial readiness.
4 Energy Transition: Progress on lower-carbon FPSO development, which included amongst others the approval-in-principle issued by certification company
American Bureau of Shipping.
5 Includes one Tier 1 PSE with more than 3 severity weight points (see section 3.3.2).
6 Employee Engagement has been evaluated in terms of percentage of internal engagements and satisfaction in engagement survey.
2025 STI Performance
Name of Director Position Base salary in EUR Actual Performance in % Actual Performance in EUR
Øivind Tangen CEO 775,000 137.0% 1,061,750
Douglas Wood CFO 600,000 102.8% 616,500

[page 68]
68 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
VALUE CREATION STAKE
The Supervisory Boar
d decided to grant the Value Creation
Stake for 2025 to the Management Board members in
accordance with RP 2022. The underpin test as explained in
section 2.3.1 was applied to this grant. As per RP 2022, the
granted Value Creation Stake vests immediately. The gross
annual value for each of the Management Board members
is 175% of base salary. The number of shares was based on
the four-year average share price (volume weighted) at the
date of the respective grant. The cost of the granted Value
Creation Stake is included in the table at the beginning of
this section 2.3.2. The number of shares vested under the
V
alue Creation Stake can be found in section 2.3.3 of this
remuneration report under Conditions of and information
regarding share plans.
SHAREHOLDING REQUIREMENT MANAGEMENT
BOARD
The following table contains an overview of shares held in
SBM Offshore N.V . by members of the Management Board
at December 31, 2025.
Shares held by members of the Management Board
Shares subject to
cond
itional holding
requirement Other shares
Total shares at
31 December 2025
Total shares at
31 December 2024
Øivind Tangen 204,784 97,739 302,523 235,254
Douglas Wood 188,491 194,104 382,595 341,174
Total 393,275 291,843 685,118 576,428
All Management Board members met the share ownership
r
equirement, which is set at an equivalent of 350% of their
base salary. Section 2.3.3 contains more information about
the (historical) share plans for the Management Board.
PENSION
Management Board members received a pension
allowance equal to 25% of their base salary. In case these
payments are not made to a qualifying pension fund,
Management Board members are individually responsible
for the contribution received and SBM Offshore withholds
wage tax on these amounts.
OTHER BENEFITS
The Management Board members are entitled to
additional benefits, such as a company car allowance,
medical, disability and life insurance and (dependent on
the personal situation of the Management Board member)
a housing allowance and school fees. The value of these
elements is included in the table in section 2.3.2 under item
Other Benefits.
2 GOVERNANCE

[page 69]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 69
2.3.3 OTHER REMUNERATION
INFORMA
TION
This section provides further information to increase
transparency and accountability for the execution of
RP 2022 and aims to allow shareholders, potential investors
and other stakeholders to better assess Management
Boar
d remuneration.
The following table includes further details regarding the
various (historical) share plans, including the changes
throughout 2025.
Conditions of and information regarding share plans
The main conditions of share award plans Information regarding the reported financial year
Opening balance1 During the year Closing balance2
Plan specificat ion
Grant and
vest
ing dates
End of retention
period
Shares held at the
beginning of t
he year
Shares granted (# /
EUR x 1,000)3
Shares vested (# /
EUR x 1,000)4
Shares subject to a
r
etention period
Øivind Tangen,
CEO
Ownership
Shar
es 2022 01-01-2022 01-01-2025 1,572 0 / 0 0 / 0
Value Creation
Stake 20225 06-04-2022 06-04-2027 32,073 0 / 0 0 / 0 32,073
Value Creation
Stake 2023 01-01-2023 01-01-2028 43,312 0 / 0 0 / 0 43,312
Value Creation
Stake 2024 01-01-2024 01-01-2029 45,628 0 / 0 0 / 0 45,628
Additional Value
Cr
eation Stake
20246 12-04-2024 12-04-2029 16,502 0 / 0 0 / 0 16,502
Value Creation
Stake 2025 01-01-2025 01-01-2030 96,437 / 1,658 96,437 / 1,658 67,269
Douglas Wood,
CFO
Value Creation
Stake 2020 01-01-2020 01-01-2025 35,554 0 / 0 0 / 0
Value Creation
Stake 2021 01-01-2021 01-01-2026 34,212 0 / 0 0 / 0 34,212
Value Creation
Stake 2022 01-01-2022 01-01-2027 34,389 0 / 0 0 / 0 34,389
Additional Value
Cr
eation Stake
20226 06-04-2022 06-04-2027 1,304 0 / 0 0 / 0 1,304
Value Creation
Stake 2023 01-01-2023 01-01-2028 36,177 0 / 0 0 / 0 36,177
Value Creation
Stake 2024 01-01-2024 01-01-2029 38,129 0 / 0 0 / 0 38,129
Additional Value
Cr
eation Stake
20246 12-04-2024 12-04-2029 2,859 0 / 0 0 / 0 2,859
Value Creation
Stake 2025 01-01-2025 01-01-2030 74,661 / 1,283 74,661 / 1,283 41,421
1 Opening balance consists of shares held and vested grants for conditional plans at assumed maximum target.
2
Closing balance consists of the full grant and vesting of the relevant plan, including any sell-to-cover performed to compensate a wage tax impact.
3 Converted at the share price at the date of grant.
4 Converted at the share price at the date of vesting.
5 Pro-rata VCS following appointment to Management Board per April 6, 2022.
6 Additional Value Creation Stake granted due to salary increase.

[page 70]
70 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
In the table below, information on the annual change of
r
emuneration of each individual Management Board
member is set out over the five most recent financial years.
In addition, the performance of the Company (measured in
Directional Underlying EBITDA and TRIFR) is displayed as
wel
l as the average remuneration on a full-time equivalent
basis of employees of the Company.
Comparative table on the change of remuneration and Company performance over the last five r eported financial
years
in thousands of EUR, except Company's performance
Annual Change1 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
Øivind Tangen, CEO2 - 1,975 10% / 2,175 40% / 3,039 29%/3,914
Douglas Wood, CFO 2,182 (15%) / 1,906 14% / 2,167 5% / 2,273 26%/2,694
Company's performance
Underlying Directional EBITDA
in mil
lion US$ 931 8% / 1,010 6% / 1,075 3 20% / 1,2944 30% /1,6815
TRIFR6 0.06 50% / 0.12 (50%) / 0.08 25% / 0.10 620%/0.72
Average employee expenses on a full-time
equivalent basis
Average employee expenses of the
Company7 102 8% / 111 2% / 113 8% / 122 (4%) /117
1 Annual change in percentage is calculated comparative to the amount of the current year.
2
CEO and Management Board member from April 12, 2024, before that date COO and Management Board member from April 6, 2022.
3 Underlying EBITDA reflects the following adjustments: i. impact of the sale of Liza Destiny earlier than planned; ii. implementation costs of an optimization
plan related to the Company's support functions; and iii. impact of the delay in commencement of a charter by a client notwithstanding the on-target
delivery of the vessel by the Company.
4 Underlying EBITDA restated for: DNY/PTY sale in 2024.
5 Underlying EBITDA reflects the following adjustment: Thunderhawk profit on sale of USD 28mln removed from the reported Directional EBITDA.
6 Total recordable injury frequency rate trends are positive when downwards.
7 The average employee expenses of the company are based on the IFRS expenses including share based payments. The average employee expenses are
influenced by both the composition of the population both in function as well as geographical location and the related foreign currency impacts. This
calculation has a different basis than the pay-ratio calculation in accordance with the Dutch corporate governance code.
2 GOVERNANCE

[page 71]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 71
2.3.4 SUPERVISORY BOARD
REMUNERA
TION POLICY
As required by Dutch law, the Supervisory Board
Remuneration Policy was tabled for adoption at the 2024
AGM and became effective April 12, 2024 after being
adopted by shareholders with over 97% of the votes on the
same date. The full version of this policy is available on
SBM Offshore’s website (who-we-are/corporate-
governance).
The Supervisory Board Remuneration Policy encourages a
culture of long-term value creation and a focus on the long-
term sustainability of the Company. There are no
performance targets for the Supervisory Board and the
remuneration of the members is not dependent on the
results of the Company. This allows an unmitigated focus
on long-term value creation for all stakeholders.
The Company’s strategy revolves around excellence in the
execution of ocean infrastructure while reducing costs and
emissions of oil and gas production and, in parallel,
developing new lower-carbon solutions with unwavering
dedication to health, safety, and protection of the
environment. The Supervisory Board remuneration policy
should be competitive and in line with global peer
companies that may compete with SBM Offshore for
business opportunities and/or talent. The remuneration
should enable retaining and recruiting Supervisory Board
members with the right balance of experience and
competencies while observing the Supervisory Board
Profile and Diversity and Inclusion Policy, to oversee the
execution of the strategy and the performance of the
Company. The remuneration intends to promote an
adequate performance of their role.
Considering the nature of the role and responsibility of the
Supervisory Board, the pay and employment conditions of
employees are not taken into account when formulating the
remuneration policy.
FEE LEVEL AND STRUCTURE
The fee level and structur
e for the Supervisory Board
remuneration is currently as follows:
Position
Fee in
EUR
Chair Supervisory Board 120,000
Vice-Chair Supervisory Board 80,000
Member Supervisory Board 75,000
Chair Audit Committee 10,000
Member of the Audit Committee 8,000
Chair of the Appointment and Remuneration
Commit
tee dealing with appointment matters 10,000
Chair of the Appointment and Remuneration
Commit
tee dealing with remuneration matters 10,000
Member of the Appointment and Remuneration
Commit
tee 8,000
Chair of the Technical and Commercial Committee 10,000
Member of the Technical and Commercial
Commit
tee 8,000
Chair of Other Committee (if installed) 10,000
Member of Other Committee (if installed) 8,000
All fees above are on an annual basis and are not
dependent on t
he number of meetings. Supervisory Board
members also receive an annual amount of EUR500 for
expenses, and a lump sum of EUR5,000 per meeting when
intercontinental travel is involved. No share-based
remuneration is granted to the members of the Supervisory
Board.
PENSION
Supervisory Board members do not receive a pension
allowance.
ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUPERVISORY BOARD
MEMBERS
Members of the Supervisory Board are appointed by the
General Meeting for a maximum term of four years, with
the term of appointment ending on the day of the first
AGM, held in the fourth year after the appointment.
Re-appointment can take place as per the law, articles of
association and the Supervisory Board rules of the
Company. The term of the Supervisory Board members
terminates at the end of their term, in case of resignation or
dismissal by the General Meeting.
LOANS
SBM Offshore does not provide loans, advances or
guarantees to the members of the Supervisory Board.

[page 72]
72 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
2.3.5 2025 SUPERVISORY BOARD
REMUNERA
TION
In accordance with the Supervisory Board Remuneration
Policy, the remuneration paid out to the Supervisory Board
in 2025 is as per below. Supervisory Board members do not
r
eceive variable remuneration.
Remuneration of the Supervisory Board by member in thousands of EUR
Name of Supervisory Board Member, Position Year Fees Committee fees Other benefits1 Total remuneration
Roeland Baan, Chair 2025 120 10 1 131
2024 120 10 1 131
Ingelise Arntsen, Vice-Chair 2025 79 16 1 95
2024 75 17 1 93
Lucia de Andrade, member2 2025 72 8 20 100
2024 - - - -
Allard Castelein, member 2025 75 20 1 96
2024 75 18 1 94
Denise Dettingmeijer, member2 2025 72 9 25 107
2024 - - - -
Patrick Jager, member3 2025 75 14 1 89
2024 54 6 - 60
Bernard Bajolet, former Vice-Chair4 2025 22 4 0 26
2024 80 16 1 97
Hilary Mercer, former member5 2025 - - - -
2024 75 10 1 86
Jaap van Wiechen, former member6 2025 - - - -
2024 21 3 - 24
1 Other benefits items for t he supervisory board consist mainly of the lump sum for intercontinental travel at EUR5,000 per meeting if applicable and a yearly
expense allowance of EUR500.
2 From January 17, 2025.
3 From April 12, 2024.
4 Until April 9, 2025.
5 Until January 1, 2025.
6 Until April 12, 2024.
2 GOVERNANCE

[page 73]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 73
In the table below, information on the annual change of
r
emuneration of each individual Supervisory Board member
is set out over the five most recent financial years.
Comparative table on the change of remuneration over the last five r eported financial years in thousands of EUR
Annual Change1 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
Roeland Baan, Chair 130 0% / 130 (0%) / 130 1% / 131 0% / 131
Ingelise Arntsen, Vice-Chair 612 27% / 84 7% / 90 3% / 93 3% / 95
Lucia de Andrade, member - - - - 100% / 100 3
Allard Castelein, member - - 60 57% / 94 2% / 96 4
Denise Dettingmeijer, member - - - - 100% / 107 3
Patrick Jager, member - - - 0% / 60 5 33% / 89
Bernard Bajolet, former Vice-Chair 84 6% / 89 6% / 95 2% / 97 (269)% / 26 6
Hilary Mercer, former member - 69 44% / 124 (31%) / 86 -6
Jaap van Wiechen, former member 93 (6%) / 88 (2)% / 86 (72%) / 24 7 -
Sietze Hepkema, former member 89 2% / 92 (254)% / 26 - -
Cheryl Richard, former member 85 0% / 85 (150)% / 34 - -
Francis Gugen, former Vice-Chair 90 (270)% / 24 (100)% / 0 - -
Laurence Mulliez, former member 24 - - - -
1 Annual change in percentage is calculated comparative to the amount of the current year.
2
From April 7, 2021.
3 From January 17, 2025.
4 From April13, 2023.
5 From April 12, 2024.
6 Until April 9, 2025.
7 Until April 12, 2024.
None of the Supervisory Board members received
r
emuneration that is dependent on the financial
performance of the Company, as per best practice 3.3.
of the Corporate Governance Code.
In accordance with the Supervisory Board Remuneration
Policy, SBM Offshore did not provide loans, advances or
guarantees to the members of the Supervisory Board.
2.3.6 OUTLOOK FOR 2026
The Supervisory Board is proud of the performance of the
Company over 2025. This Remuneration Report gives
insight on how the Management Board’s performance over
2025 has been rewarded. Following recent benchmark
exercises, the Supervisory Board has decided to increase
the Base Salary of Øivind Tangen to EUR930,000, effective
January 1, 2026. No further changes to the remuneration of
either the Management Board or the Supervisory Board are
anticipated in 2026.
Looking ahead, the Supervisory Board has set ambitious
targets for the Management Board for 2026, with a
particular emphasis on driving further value creation
through the long-term strategy ’Advancing the Core and
Pioneering More’.
We look forward to engaging with our shareholders
r
egarding the 2025 Remuneration Report at the 2026 AGM.

[page 74]
74 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
2.4 SHAREHOLDER INFORMA TION
LISTING
SBM Offshore has been listed on Euronext Amsterdam
since 1965. The market capitalization as at year-end 2025
was US$4.93 billion. The majority of the Company’s
shareholders are institutional long-term investors.
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES
SBM Offshore publishes audited full-year earnings results
and unaudited half-year earnings results, which include
financials, within sixty days of the close of the reporting
period. For the first and third quarters, SBM Offshore
publishes a trading update, which includes important
company news and financial highlights. The Company
conducts a conference call and webcast for all earnings
releases and a conference call only for all trading updates
during which the Management Board presents the results
and answers questions. All earnings-related information,
including press releases, presentations and conference call
details are available on the SBM Offshore website. Please
see the Financial Calendar at the end of this section for the
timing of publication of financial disclosures for the
remainder of 2026. The Company reports a ’Directional’
income statement, balance sheet and cash flow statement.
Directional reporting aims to increase transparency in
relation to SBM Offshore’s cash flow generating capacity
and to facilitate investor and analyst review and financial
modeling. Furthermore, it also reflects how the
Management Board monitors and assesses financial
performance of the Company. Directional reporting is
included in the audited Consolidated Financial Statements
in section 4.3.2.
DIVIDEND POLICY AND CAPITAL ALLOCATION
SBM Offshore has revised its dividend policy to include
dividend payments on a semi-annual basis. The Company’s
shareholder return policy is to maintain a stable annual cash
return to shareholders which grows over time, with
flexibility for the Company to make such cash return in the
form of cash dividend, paid semi-annually, and the
repurchase of shares. Determination of the annual cash
return is based on the Company’s assessment of its
underlying cash flow position. The Company prioritizes a
stable cash distribution to shareholders and funding of
growth projects, with the option to apply surplus capital
towards incremental cash returns to shareholders.
As a result, following review of its liquidity position and
forecast, the Company intends to pay US$2.57 per share7
through a US$270 million (EUR227 million equivalent8) share
repurchase program and a proposed US$200m in
aggregate dividend9 (EUR169 million equivalent or US$1.17
7 Pr oforma calculation based on the total number of ordinary shares issued
and fully paid at December 31, 2025. Actual dividend amount per share
depends on number of shares entitled to dividend.
8 Based on the EUR/US$ forward exchange rate on February 18, 2026.
per share7). This r epresents an increase in total cash return
of 57% compared with 2025. SBM Offshore proposes a
US$100m dividend for the year 2025 and a US$100 million
dividend in aggregate for the first half year 2026. The
dividend for the year 2025 will be proposed at the Annual
General Meeting on April 15, 2026. The interim dividend is
subject to final resolution and is payable after publication
of the HY 2026 results.
The objective of the share buyback program would be to
reduce share capital and provide shares for regular
management and employee share programs (maximum
US$30 million). Shares repurchased as part of the cash
return will be cancelled.
178 197 197 
150 150 155 155 
100 
100 
95 95 
125 125 
240 
2022 2023 2024 2025 2026
Dividend Interim dividend Share Repurchase
SHAREHOLDER RETURNS
9 US$200m total d ividend is the equivalent of EUR169 million based on the
EUR/US$ forward exchange rate on February 18, 2026. Dividends will be
paid in euro.
2 GOVERNANCE

[page 75]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 75
SHARE PRICE DEVELOPMENT
Share price development in 2025 (in EUR)
SBM Offshore Closing Prices
Volume
SBM Offshore Closing Prices Volume
6.
Jan
20.
Jan
3.
Feb
17.
Feb
3.
Mar
17.
Mar
31.
Mar
14.
Apr
28.
Apr
12.
May
26.
May
9.
Jun
23.
Jun
7.
Jul
21.
Jul
4.
Aug
18.
Aug
1.
Sep
15.
Sep
29.
Sep
13.
Oct
27.
Oct
10.
Nov
24.
Nov
8.
Dec
22.
Dec
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
0
1,200k
2,400k
3,600k
400k
800k
1,600k
2,000k
2,800k
3,200k
4,000k
4,400k
4,800k
Year-end price EUR24.50 December 31, 2025
Highest closing price EUR24.98 December 5, 2025
Lowest closing price EUR15.98 April 11, 2025
Closing share price range in EUR Year-end price in EUR
8 10 12 14 22 24 2616 18 20
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
SHARE PRICE DEVELOPMENT 2012 – 2025 (MAX, MIN, YEAR-END PRICE)
Source: Euronext

[page 76]
76 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
For 2025 the press releases covering the key news items are listed below:
Date Subject Press Release
17-01-25 Extraordinary General Meeting Resolutions
31-01-25 SBM Offshore completes the Share Purchase Agreements with MISC Berhad
19-02-25 FPSO Almirante Tamandaré producing and on hire
19-02-25 SBM Offshore announces changes in Supervisory Board
20-02-25 SBM Offshore Full Year 2024 Earnings
26-02-25 Annual General Meeting announcement
09-04-25 SBM Offshore signs US$400 million Sale and Leaseback agreement for 
FPSO Cidade de Paraty
09-04-25 Annual General Meeting 2025 Resolutions
10-04-25 SBM Offshore signs a US$1.1 billion Revolving Credit Facility
23-04-25 SBM Offshore starts EUR141 million share repurchase following successful completion of the 2024 program
15-04-25 SBM Offshore First Quarter 2025 Trading Update
27-05-25 FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão producing and on hire
04-06-25 SBM Offshore signs Share Purchase Agreement with GEPetrol
19-06-25 SBM Offshore signs an operations and maintenance contract for FPSO GranMorgu with TotalEnergies
07-08-25 SBM Offshore Half Year 2025 Earnings
08-08-25 FPSO ONE GUYANA producing and on hire
12-11-25 SBM Offshore announces proposed CEO and Supervisory Board reappointments
13-11-25 SBM Offshore Third Quarter 2025 Trading Update
17-12-25 SBM Offshore completes the Share Purchase Agreement with GEPetrol
17-12-25 SBM Offshore signs contract extension of FPSOs Mondo and Saxi Batuque
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
As at December 31, 2025, the following investors holding
ordinary shares had notified an interest of 3% or more of
the Company’s issued share capital to the Autoriteit
Financiële Markten (AFM) (only notifications after July 1,
2013 are included):
Date Investor
% of
shar
e
capital
February 28, 2020 HAL Trust 20.35%
December 4, 2025 Parvus Asset Management
Jersey Limited
4.78%
November 9, 2015 Dimensional Fund
Advisors LP
3.18%
October 14, 2025 JP Morgan Asset
Management Hold
ings Inc.
3.16%
INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company maintains open and act
ive engagement with
its shareholders and aims to provide information to the
market which is consistent, accurate and timely. Information
is provided among other means through press releases,
presentations, conference calls, investor conferences,
meetings with investors and research analysts and the
Company website. The website provides a constantly
updated source of information about SBM Offshore’s core
activities and latest developments. Press releases,
presentations and information on shareholder
communication can be found there under the Investors
section.
FINANCIAL CALENDAR
Event Day Year
Full Year 2025 Earnings February 26 2026
Annual General Meeting April 15 2026
First Quarter 2026 Trading Update May 7 2026
Half Year 2026 Earnings August 6 2026
Third Quarter 2026 Trading Update November 12 2026
2 GOVERNANCE

[page 77]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 77
2.5 RISK AND COMPLIANCE
GOVERNANCE
The Management Boar
d is responsible for identifying and
analyzing the risks related to the Company’s strategy and
business activities as well as defining the Company’s risk
appetite. Based on its risk assessment, the Management
Board designs, implements and maintains adequate
internal risk management and control systems and
periodically assesses their effectiveness. The outcome of
this review is discussed with the Audit Committee and
reported to the Supervisory Board. This oversight covers all
operational, compliance and reporting risks. Among other
considerations, attention is given to observed weaknesses,
instances of misconduct and irregularities, indications from
whistle blowers, lessons learned and findings from the
internal auditor and the external auditor.
As part of their tasks, the Management Board oversees the
operation of SBM Offshore’s Compliance Program, which
provides policies, training, guidance and risk-based
oversight and control of compliance, to ensure ethical
decision-making.
MANAGEMENT APPROACH
The Group General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer
has managerial responsibility for compliance and legal
matters. The Compliance Function, headed by the Group
Compliance Manager, has a leadership role in proactively
advising the Management Board and Management on
acting with integrity and in a compliant manner, both from
a strategic and an operational perspective.
The Compliance Function comprises a globally diverse
team of experienced compliance professionals located
within the Company’s most prominent locations worldwide.
Business leadership has accountability and responsibility to
manage compliance and integrity risks within their fields of
management control.
2.5.1 DESIGN AND OPERATION OF THE
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL
CONTROL ENVIRONMENT
Gr
oup Risk and Control empowers the business to identify
and manage risks and opportunities effectively, ensuring
alignment with the Company’s Risk Appetite (see section
1.4.1) in order for the Company to achieve its strategic
goals and objectives. The Risk Assurance Committee (RAC)
brings together the heads of assurance functions and
reviews the significant risks faced by the Company and its
relevant control measures. It also oversees the integrated
risk management approach.

[page 78]
78 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
DESIGN AND OPERATION OF THE RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL ENVIRONMENT
The Management Board reviewed and assessed its Internal Risk Management and Control System framework and discussed
it wit
h the Supervisory Board. This is performed against five related components which are derived from COSO’s framework
‘Enterprise Risk Management – Integrating with Strategy and Performance’*. Its relevance to SBM Offshore is explained in
Key features, Achievement in 2025, Maturity assessment and the Company’s Future ambitions.
Component Key features Achievements in 2025
Maturity assessment
accor
ding to
Management Board Future ambitions
Governance
and cul
ture
• Management ident ifies
risks assesses and treats in
line with strategy and the
Risk Appetite.
• The Risk Assurance
Committee (RAC) oversees
risk treatment and the
internal control Framework,
ensuring alignment with
the Risk Appetite.
• Internal audit
independently tests the
internal control
environment,ensuring
governance.
• Develop ICoESG within
global internal control
framework.
• Aligned risk management
in ident
ifying and treating
risks coordinated with the
strategy and risk appetite.
• Enhanced oversight,
through the RAC in
aligning risk and
opportunities management
with organizational
standards procedures.
• Strengthened governance
with independent audits to
ensure effective three lines
of defense.
Management
decisions ar
e
driven by a risk-
aware and
control-focused
approach.
• Reinforce governance
and risk pol
icies to
promote a risk
awareness and culture.
• Further integration
with strategic goals
monitoring and
improved risk
oversight.
• Enhance internal
controls environment
and accountability
across the company.
Strategy and
object
ive
setting
• The Management Board
sets t
he Risk Appetite,
which is endorsed by the
Supervisory Board.
• Financial and non-financial
risk-bearing processes are
identified and incorporated
into the Internal Control
Framework.
• Implement the ICoESG
matrix and test it
• Roll out the harmonization
of Financial Authority
Levels (FAL) to apply across
both IFS and legacy
systems.
• ESG risks, impacts, and
opportunit
ies are assessed
and monitored periodically.
• The risk appetite was
revised in the course of
2025 to keep the alignment
with strategic objectives.
• FAL was fully implemented
in July, establishing a
transparent framework
seamlessly connected to
the JCR, while ensuring
zero disruption to business
operations.
Strategy and its
Material T
opics
are well
integrated into
the Company’s
Risk
Management
and Internal
Control
Framework
• Continue to integrate
risk and internal
contr
ols at both
strategic and
operational levels
• Enhance risk
monitoring through
collaboration of
strategic oversight and
risk & control functions
• Strengthen ESG-
related non-financial
controls
• Keep focusing on
emerging Risks
• Expand FAL
connectivity beyond
JCR to include IFS,
LUCY, NADIA, and
other core platforms.
2 GOVERNANCE

[page 79]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 79
Component Key features Achievements in 2025
Maturity assessment
accor
ding to
Management Board Future ambitions
Performance • Business achieves its
object
ives through
adequate Risk
Management and Internal
Control support
• Activities are performed
according to the annual
Strategy Cycle and
disclosure requirements.
• Implemented key risk
ind
icators (KRIs) providing
improved insight and
control over strategic and
operational risks.
• Strengthened ESG and
Reporting Controls with
ESG KPIs and related
internal controls.
• Risk
Management
and Internal
Contr
ol are
adequately
performed,
providing
information for
discussion and
prioritization
of assurance.
• Further develop key
risk ind
icators (KRIs)
and financial metrics
within the integrated
risk and control
framework.
• Improve the
monitoring of ESG
KPIs and associated
internal controls,
incorporating non-
financial reporting
controls.
• Advance the ICoESG
RCM framework by
introducing residual
risk scoring and
embedding ESG/
regulatory
requirements,
supported by digital
tools for continuous
monitoring.
Review and
r
evision
• The Risk Assurance
Commit
tee (RAC) meets
monthly to ensure an
integrated assurance
approach.
• Management Board, Audit
Committee and
Supervisory Board
monitors on quarterly
basis, the Company’s risk
profile and associated
internal control.
• Policies and tooling were
r
egularly reviewed and
improved with the RAC.
• Integrating risk mitigation
with business objectives.
• Applications mapping
exercise completed to
anticipate changes as
result of new ERP.
Risk
Management
and internal
contr
ol policies,
procedures and
tooling are
annually
discussed and
reviewed with
the RAC and
Supervisory
Board.
• Improve activities
based on internal
r
eview and external
feedback.
• Continue to adapt risk
and internal control
framework based on
company strategy.
Information,
communicat
ion
and reporting
• The Company keeps track
of its risks, contr
ols, and
actions in appropriate
digital solutions.
• Results are disclosed
according to relevant
regulatory frameworks,
including ESG.
• Strengthen local and
functional risk and internal
control. environment and
raise awareness.
• Further integration within
the Management Report of
risk opportunities review.
• Quarterly Risk Report of
Company’
s Risk Appetite
measurement and main
risks and related mitigating
actions.
• Improved disclosure of
climate change related
risks and opportunities.
• Continue training and
awareness about internal
risk and control
management systems
across locations.
Disclosure of
informat
ion,
internal and
external, through
digital support
and solutions
operates
adequately.
• Enhance existing
d
igital solutions (e.g.,
data analytics tools to
improve analysis and
KPIs to monitor
thresholds).
• Consider adoption of
digital tool aiming to
improve risk and
control efficiency.
* Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) is dedicated to providing thought leadership through the development of frameworks and guidance on
ERM, designed to improve organizational performance, oversight and to reduce the extent of fraud.

[page 80]
80 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
2.5.2 COMPLIANCE PROGRAM
STRA
TEGY
SBM Offshore is dedicated to ensuring that employees and
business partners make informed and ethical decisions,
underscoring its commitment to integrity throughout the
organization. To support this objective, the Company has
established a Compliance Program that applies across the
SBM Offshore Group.
SBM Offshore’s Compliance Program is designed to foster
an ethical culture across the organization and provide clear
guidance to management, employees and contractors
(’SBM Offshore workforce’) for making decisions aligned
with core values. The program enhances the Company’s
management control systems to prevent, identify, and
address compliance risks or potential violations of laws, the
Code of Conduct, and other forms of misconduct.
SBM Offshore’s leadership is accountable for upholding
these standards, ensuring that all personnel act in
accordance with established values and policies while
maintaining an environment where concerns can be raised
openly. To facilitate this, the Compliance function delivers
support through targeted guidance, regular training
initiatives, and communication resources such as
newsletters and customized e-learning modules.
2025 PERFORMANCE
New Compliance Program elements
In 2025, several enhancements were introduced to
strengthen the Compliance Program:
• A fully revamped Code of Conduct incorporating new
chapters and updated guidance.
• Updated and new policies, including a new Business
Ethics Policy (replacing the former Anti-Bribery &
Corruption Policy), a new Privacy Policy and a new Speak
Up Policy.
• Four new digital modules released on the SBM Offshore
Digital Compliance Platform, including Third Party Risk
Management, Gifts Hospitality & Entertainment,
Conflicts of Interest, and Donations & Sponsorships.
• New Speak Up framework supporting consistent,
risk‑based and timely case management.
Alongside these, the other key elements of the Compliance
Program are:
• Involvement of the Management Board and the
Supervisory Board in compliance oversight.
• Oversight and autonomy of the Group Compliance
Manager supported by adequate and qualified
Compliance resources.
• Regular communication, training and continued
guidance and advice.
• Continuous monitoring of compliance risks, mitigating
measures, incidents and related actions.
• A structured third-party management process, including
a ded
icated Validation Committee reviewing due
diligence outcomes for high-risk third parties before
engagement.
• Independent verification activities, including compliance
audits.
• Compliance-related internal financial controls, aligned
with ICOFR principles.
• Engagement with third parties who commit to
equivalent standards of responsible conduct,
communicated prior to any contractual engagement.
• Confidential reporting channels, including non-
retaliation safeguards and data privacy protection
through a Speak Up Line, and internal investigations
aligned with the EU Whistleblowing Directive.
• Annual compliance statements for designated staff to
confirm adherence to the Code of Conduct and its
associated policies.
• Business conduct-related questions included in the
annual employee engagement survey to monitor culture
and awareness.
Speak Up
In 2025, a new Speak Up Policy in full compliance with the
EU Whistleblowing Directive was implemented, including:
• Creation of a new Speak Up investigation framework
featuring risk-based triage, defined roles, and clear
responsibility separation to streamline the process and
speed up report closure.
• A revamped independently managed Speak Up Line,
available 24/7, enabling both internal and external
stakeholders to report concerns anonymously and
confidentially. The Integrity Committee oversees the
handling of Speak Up reports.
• Timely communication to reporters, including
acknowledgment of receipt within seven days and
feedback within a reasonable time frame, not exceeding
three months after receiving the report. If the
investigation needs to be extended beyond three
months, reporters will be informed about it. It is not
mandatory for the investigations to be concluded within
three months, namely in light of the complexity or the
characteristics of the investigation.
2 GOVERNANCE

[page 81]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 81
2.6 COMP ANY TAX POLICY
SBM Offshore’s tax policy is summarized as follows:
• The Company aims to be a good corporate citizen in the
countries where it operates, by complying with the law
and by contributing to countries’ progress and
prosperity through employment, training and
development, local spending and through payment of
the various taxes it is subject to, including wage tax,
personal income tax, withholding tax, sales tax and other
state and national taxes, as appropriate.
• The Company aims to be tax-efficient in order to be
cost-competitive, while fully complying with local and
international tax laws.
• The Company operates in a global context, with
competitors, clients, suppliers and a workforce based
around the world. A typical FPSO Engineering,
Procurement and Construction (’EPC’) project sees a hull
construction or conversion in Asia, topsides construction
in Asia or South America, engineering in Europe or Asia
and large-scale procurement from dozens of companies
in many countries across the globe. Depending on the
particulars of the client contract, the EPC phase may be
followed by a lease-and-operate phase involving the
country of operations but also support centers of the
Company located around the world. In each of these
countries, the Company complies with local regulations
and pays direct and indirect taxes on local value-added,
labor and profits and in some cases pays a revenue-
based tax. To coordinate the international nature of its
operations and its value flows and to consolidate its
global maritime and EPC activities, in 1969 the Company
created Single Buoy Moorings Inc, followed in 1986 by
SBM Production Contractors Inc. S.A., which continue to
perform their functions today from their offices in Marly,
Switzerland.
The Company:
• Complies with the OECD transfer-pricing guidelines.
• Supports the OECD’s commitment to enhance tax
transparency and is committed to full compliance with
applicable laws in countries where it operates.
Consistent with this approach, the Company supports
the initiatives on base erosion and profit shifting,
including, but not limited to, Anti-Tax Avoidance
Directive 2 (ATAD 2), as well as the Directive
implementing the minimum taxation (OECD Pillar Two)
at EU level. The Company is required to file detailed
reports and transfer-pricing documentation in
accordance with Base Erosion and Profit Shifting’s (BEPS)
action 13, as is now implemented in Dutch tax law. The
disclosures contained in the country-by-country
reporting (‘CbCR‘) have been prepared to meet the
OECD requirements and have been filed with the Dutch
tax authorities for the year 2024. The Company monitors
and complies with EU Public Country-by-Country
Report
ing obligations. Likewise, the Company has
implemented the proper tools to monitor and comply
with Pillar Two reporting obligations.
• Makes use of the availability of international tax treaties
to avoid double taxation.
• Does not use intellectual property as a means to shift
profits, nor does it use digital sales. Furthermore, the
Company does not apply aggressive intra-company
financing structures such as hybrids. In 2025, the
Company reported a current corporate income tax
charge of US$200 million under IFRS (compared to
US$140 million in 2024).
• Endorsed the B Team Responsible Tax Principles in
August 2021, the VNO-NCW Tax Governance Code in
2023, and published the SBM Offshore Approach to Tax
on its website. This explains the key principles applied to
tax matters and the associated governance as well as
describing the Company’s global tax footprint.
• Regarding the OECD initiative to address the Tax
Challenges Arising from the Digitalization of the
Economy and its two-pillar solution aiming to reform the
international tax system, the Company acknowledges
that the implementation of Pillar Two may have some
impact on its income tax charge. Although enacted, the
Pillar Two framework remains subject to ongoing
interpretative guidance and implementation refinements
in various jurisdictions. The OECD has released
additional guidance, but further discussions and
consultations are taking place and will continue in 2026.
SBM Offshore will continue to assess the impact of Pillar
Two legislation accordingly.

[page 82]
82 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
2.7 OPERA TIONAL GOVERNANCE
Operational Governance of the Company is managed
through:
• Global Enterprise Management System (GEMS) as
introduced in section 2.7.1.
• Group Technical Standards (GTS), as introduced in
section 2.7.2.
Operational Governance ensures that stakeholders’
expectations and requirements are met through
comprehensive assurance frameworks, which encompass
both internal and external audits and assessments.
All the procedures are available in GEMS.
Emergency Response Program
SBM Offshore’s HSSE framework includes a comprehensive
Emergency Response Program designed to ensure
preparedness and resilience across all operational sites,
covering environmental, occupational and process safety
risks. The company maintains a clear guideline to prepare
for and respond effectively to emergencies, supported by
defined managerial responsibilities for emergency
preparedness, response, and investigation. Regional, site,
and unit-level emergency response teams are in place to
execute these plans efficiently. Regular emergency training
is conducted for employees and, where relevant, for local
communities, including routine testing of response plans.
Mechanisms are established for stakeholders to report
emergencies, and clear protocols guide communication
with external stakeholders to ensure transparency and
coordination during emergency situations.
For instance, SBM Offshore maintains Shipboard Oil
Pollution Emergency Plan (SOPEP) emergency response
programs, which include emergency response needs
assessments, plans, communication and reporting
protocols with both internal and external stakeholders, as
well as training and drills. These measures are designed to
prevent and respond to oil pollution in accordance with
MARPOL regulations. The programs are covered by
SBM Offshore assurance frameworks and are regularly
audited to ensure compliance. All the fleet is certified by
ISPS and ISM-code, standards, which have requirements
related to emergency response.
Environmental Management System
SBM Offshore is committed to managing its environmental
impacts responsibly through the implementation of a
robust Environmental Management System (EMS). The
Company’s EMS ensures compliance with all applicable
environmental regulations and drives continual
improvement across global operations. Internal and
external environmental audits are conducted regularly to
verify performance, and corrective actions are implemented
to address findings and enhance practices. Training and
awareness programs are delivered to employees to
str
engthen environmental competencies, while transparent
communication channels support internal coordination and
external stakeholder engagement on environmental
matters.
Effluent Management
SBM Offshore is committed to managing and reducing
effluents responsibly, as part of its environmental
stewardship approach. The Company’s HSSE framework
includes a sustainability policy commitment to prevent
pollution and minimize discharges to the environment.
Objectives and targets are established to guide continuous
improvement in effluent management performance,
supported by initiatives to reduce, reuse and recycle
effluents across operations. Incident investigations and
corrective actions are systematically conducted to identify
root causes and prevent recurrence. Through these
measures, SBM Offshore ensures compliance with
environmental regulations and contributes to the
protection of marine and coastal ecosystems.
Compliance with environmental regulations and client
requirements is ensured through rigorous monitoring of
water discharge parameters, with results shared in periodic
meetings and reports. These processes are embedded in
GEMS, developed in accordance with ISO 14001:2015,
reinforcing SBM Offshore’s commitment to protecting
marine and coastal ecosystems.
Certification
SBM Offshore’s Management System complies with the
International Safety Management (ISM) Code, the
International Ship and Port Facility Security (ISPS) Code,
and international certifications including ISO 9001:2015,
ISO 14001:2015, and ISO 45001:2023, as well as all
applicable national and regulatory requirements.
SBM Offshore’s Quality and Sustainability Policies underpin
this framework, ensuring the highest standards of
compliance, safeguarding the health and safety of
personnel, minimizing environmental impacts across its
operations and driving continuous improvement.
A detailed certification and classification table is provided
in section 3.6.4, mapping compliance of SBM Offshore
entities and sites with international certification standards
and codes.
2.7.1 GLOBAL ENTERPRISE
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
The Management System is one of the key enablers for the
Company to perform its business activities in a consistent,
reliable and sustainable manner, meeting client
expectations, adapting to new challenges and continuously
improving ways of working.
2 GOVERNANCE

[page 83]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 83
EXECUTIVE PROCESSES
CORE PROCESSES
GEMS
SUPPORT PROCESSES & SERVICES
MANAGE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGE COMMUNICATION
TENDER TO CONTRACT
CONTRACT TO EXECUTE
CONTRACT TO OPERATE
INNOVATION TO BUSINESS
SOURCE TO PAY
FORECAST TO CONTROL
RECORD TO REPORT
INVEST TO DIVEST
INVOICE TO CASH
HIRE TO RETIRE
MANAGE GROUP STRATEGY
MANAGE STRATEGIC ALLIANCES
ENSURE SUSTAINABILITY
MANAGE LEGAL & COMPLIANCE
MANAGE ENTERPRISE RISK
MANAGE HSSE, QRM & OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE
MANAGE CLIENT & OPPORTUNITY
The Management System of SBM Offshore is called the
Global Enterprise Management System (GEMS) and is
based on several internat
ional standards and other good
practices. GEMS is the core of a broader ecosystem,
including software solutions (e.g. LUCY, SBM Offshore’s
Human Capital Management System) and other elements
such as SharePoint microsites and Group Technical
Standards (GTS) as introduced in section 2.7.2. The Group’s
Vision, Values (section 1.3.2) and Policies are embedded in
GEMS to support the correct governance of SBM Offshore’s
organization and business activities. These form the
foundation processes that are consistently applied
throughout all offices and fleet operations (in-country
offices and vessels).
GEMS is structured around three main process domains:
executive, core and enabling services . The core processes
have been modelled to show where the Company
generates value from its activities (Core Value Creation).
GEMS is represented as shown in the illustration. GEMS
gives clear and formal ownership of end-to-end processes
and clear identification of key controls. It provides a
cohesive framework for quality and regulatory compliance,
health and safety, security of personnel and assets,
protection of the environment, as well as risk and
opportunity management throughout the product lifecycle,
ensuring the Company’s sustainability. GEMS can be
accessed in its entirety via the Company’s intranet, which
ensures easy access to all employees.
2.7.2 GROUP TECHNICAL STANDARDS
A key driver for t
he cost of new projects is the technical
standards which must be applied in addition to the local
regulatory requirements. Typically, these standards fall into
three categories – customer standards, contractor
standards or a hybrid set of customized standards. In the
current climate of severe cost-pressure, there is a logical
push in the industry towards wider acceptance of
contractor standards. By leveraging its expertise
SBM Offshore can minimize project customization and
efficiently deliver more standard products, with significant
cost and schedule savings.
To support this approach, the Company has, over the years,
established its own Group Technical Standards (GTS) by
integrating key elements of its accumulated project
execution and fleet operational experience. The GTS
consist of a set of minimum technical requirements
applicable to company products provided to customers on
a Lease and Operate or Sale and Operate basis. They
ensure a consistent design approach, optimized from a
lifecycle-cost perspective and integrating the Company’s
policies and standards with respect to personnel safety,
environmental protection and asset integrity. Additionally,
all GTS documents are formally reviewed and approved by
Classification Societies acting as independent third parties.
To date, the Company has executed over 26 major projects
using its GTS as the basis of design since they were
established in 2003. The GTS are maintained by a team of
internal technical authorities and experts covering all key
technical aspects of Company products, providing
assurance over GTS application during project execution
and integrating operational feedback as part of GTS
continuous improvement.

[page 84]
84 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
2.8 ST ATEMENT OF THE
MANAGEMENT BOARD ON RISK
MANAGEMENT
Introduction
The Management Board is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal risk management and
control systems. The implementation of the internal risk
management and control framework at SBM Offshore N.V .
(Company) focuses on managing strategic, financial,
sustainability, compliance and operational risks, as
described in section 2.5.1 of the Management Report.
Operational risks relate to the ability to deliver safe,
reliable, and efficient projects and operations, while
compliance risks relate to adherence to laws, regulations,
the Code of Conduct, and internal policies.
As a key part of its scope, Group Risk and Control is
responsible for the design of the internal risk management
and control framework and reporting in this regard. Internal
Audit performs independent monitoring, providing
assurance through maturity assessments of the internal
control environment. The Risk Assurance Committee, the
Management Board, the Audit Committee and the
Supervisory Board are involved in oversight and review of
risk management and internal control performance, with
structured quarterly reviews based on the Risk Appetite
Framework and Internal Control Maturity Assessment. Third
parties such as external auditor, certification bodies and
regulatory bodies or agencies provide additional review
and support over the effectiveness of assurance processes.
The Company’s internal risk management and control
systems are designed and monitored using the COSO
framework and encompass multiple internal control streams
including Internal Control over Financial Reporting (ICoFR),
Payroll (ICoPAY), Supply Chain (ICoSCM), Sustainability
(ICoESG), and Information Technology (ICoSIT). These
activities support the Management Board’s execution of the
risk assessment and the description of the identified risks in
relation to the Company’s risk appetite as referred to in
best practice provisions 1.2.1 and 1.4.2(i) of the Dutch
Corporate Governance Code, as well as its evaluation of
the design and operating effectiveness of the internal risk
management and control framework as referred to in
practice provision 1.4.2 of the Dutch Corporate
Governance Code. In addition, these activities inform the
Management Board’s assessment of the effectiveness of
the internal risk management and control systems with
respect to operational, compliance, and reporting risks,
referred to in best practice provision 1.4.2(iii) of the Dutch
Corporate Governance Code.
During the financial year 2025, various aspects of risk
management were discussed by the Management Board,
including the consolidated quarterly Risk Report, Risk
Appet
ite Statement review and the results of the annual
Internal Control testing. The results of the annual Internal
Control testing campaigns were reviewed and discussed by
the Audit Committee, Supervisory Board, and the external
auditor. The testing campaigns did not reveal significant
control deficiencies and found that conformity rates were
consistently maintained throughout the organization.
The VOR (Verklaring Omtrent Risicobeheersing)
implementation and associated impacts were also
discussed in depth between the risk management function,
the Management Board and the Audit Committee ensuring
alignment and full compliance with the Dutch Corporate
Governance Code.
The internal risk management and control systems are
structured to ensure that all main risks are identified,
evaluated and managed within the defined risk appetite,
and that financial reporting and sustainability reporting do
not contain material inaccuracies. The Management Board
recognizes the inherent limitations of internal risk
management and control systems. Whilst the Company
continuously works towards improving its processes and
procedures, these systems cannot provide absolute
certainty that all risks have been identified or are effectively
managed. The level of comfort that they provide is
influenced by, among other things, inherent limitations to
risk management, business considerations such as the
Company’s risk appetite, the complexity of the Company’s
operations, and the dynamic nature of the business
environment.
Certain risks remain outside the Company’s direct control,
as they depend on third parties or external circumstances
beyond the organization’s influence.
Statement by the Management Board
With due consideration to the above and in accordance
with best practice provision 1.4.3 of the Dutch Corporate
Governance Code, the Management Board confirms to the
best of its knowledge that:
• The Management Report provides sufficient insights into
deficiencies in the effectiveness of the Company’s
internal risk management and control systems.
• The internal risk management and control systems of the
Company provide reasonable assurance that the
financial reporting for the financial year 2025 does not
contain any material inaccuracies. This is supported by a
mature ICoFR framework, internal control campaigns,
internal audit monitoring, and risk assessments related
to financial reporting, treasury, and project accounting,
all aligned with the Company’s risk appetite statements.
• The internal risk management and control systems of the
Company provide at least limited assurance that the
2 GOVERNANCE

[page 85]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 85
sustainability reporting for the financial year 2025 does
not contain material inaccuracies. This is supported by
an ICoESG framework, quarterly internal contr
ol
campaigns and internal audit monitoring consistency
with CSRD reporting scope, focusing on analytical and
qualitative review rather than full testing of control
effectiveness.
• The Management Board, at December 31, 2025,  is not
aware that the internal risk management and control
systems do not provide sufficient comfort that the
material compliance and operational risks identified in
the section 1.4.2, are effectively managed, where
sufficient comfort is to be read as: an appropriate,
though not absolute, level of comfort, considering the
Company’s compliance policies, the complexity and
technical nature of the Company’s activities, the inherent
limitations of the internal risk management and control
systems and other disclosures on these systems in the
Management Report. This level of comfort is aligned
with, and supports, the risk appetite statements
established for each material reported risk.
• Given the current circumstances, it is justified that the
financial reporting for the financial year 2025 is prepared
on a going concern basis.
• The identified material risks and uncertainties that are
relevant to the expectation of the Company’s continuity
for the period of twelve months after the preparation of
the report have been included in the Management
Report.
• The risk and internal control sections of this annual
report can be found in this section and in sections 1.4
and 2.5, they  provide information on the identified
material risks and the Company’s risk appetite.
Due to the inherent limitations of risk management and
control systems, the above does not imply that these
systems provide certainty that the Company’s strategic,
operational, compliance and reporting objectives will be
realized nor that they can prevent or detect all
misstatements, errors, operational issues, fraud or non-
compliance with laws or regulations.
Financial and sustainability reporting for the financial year
2025 was based upon the best information available
throughout the year and the Company always makes a
conscious effort to weigh the potential impact of risk.
The Management Board will continue to enhance the
internal risk management and control systems through
continuous improvement of operational, compliance,
financial reporting and sustainability reporting risk
management. Where areas for improvement are identified,
specific action plans will be implemented and monitored.
Finally, with, reference to section 5.25c paragraph 2, sub c
of t
he Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het
financieel toezicht), the Management Board states that, to
the best of its knowledge:
• The financial statements for 2025 give a true and fair
view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit
or loss of the Company and its consolidated companies.
• The Management Report gives a true and fair view of
the position as per December 31, 2025, and that of the
Company and its affiliated companies development
during 2025. Furthermore, the Management Report
includes a description of the identified principal risks
facing SBM Offshore.
Schiphol, the Netherlands
February 25, 2026
Management Board
Øivind Tangen, CEO
Douglas Wood, CFO

[page 86]
86 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
 
CHAPTER 3 
SUSTAINABILITY
STATEMENT
SUSTAINABILITY
STATEMENT

[page 87]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 87
SUSTAINABILITY
STATEMENT
CHAPTER 3

[page 88]
88 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
3.1 GENERAL INFORMA TION
In accordance with the EU Corporate Sustainability
Reporting Directive (CSRD), SBM Offshore is committed to
implementing the European Sustainability Reporting
Standards (ESRS) and publishing a Sustainability Statement
aligned with its Disclosure Requirements.
To achieve this, SBM Offshore conducted a Double
Materiality Assessment (DMA) to identify potential and
actual impacts, risks and opportunities, and assess their
materiality from both impact and financial perspectives.
This process defined the material sustainability matters that
form the basis for reporting under ESRS. Starting with the
2024 reporting cycle, SBM Offshore has revised the
structure of its Annual Report in compliance with CSRD and
ESRS, and to enhance readability.
With a clearly defined reporting framework, SBM Offshore
is optimizing processes for data collection, management,
and validation to enhance accuracy, integrity, and
compliance. To strengthen CSRD and ESRS
implementation, SBM Offshore has established a dedicated
ESG reporting team, integrated sustainability KPIs into
internal control procedures and is aligning its strategy to
address identified material impacts, risks and opportunities.
In parallel, SBM Offshore is continuously reviewing and
enhancing policies, actions, metrics and targets to improve
performance and transparency.
SBM Offshore continuously improves ESG data
management and internal controls to enhance data quality
and reporting. SBM Offshore is also actively monitoring
regulatory developments, including CSRD, ESRS, and
CSDDD (Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive)
updates (Omnibus package), and preparing for XBRL
tagging requirements to comply with EU regulations.
3.1.1 GENERAL DISCLOSURES
ESRS 2 BP-1; BP-2; GOV-1; GOV-2; GOV-3; GOV-4; GOV-5, and ESRS E1; G1
BASIS FOR PREPARATION
This Sustainability Statement has been prepared on a
consolidated basis for SBM Offshore N.V . and its
subsidiaries, aligned with the scope of the consolidated
financial statements presented in Chapter 4. It covers the
period from January 1 to December 31, 2025, and follows
the ESRS cross-cutting and topical standards, issued in
2024.
This statement reflects the DMA and due diligence
outcomes, focusing on material topics identified through
this process and in conformity with CSRD disclosure
requirements. The structure follows ESRS guidance,
including sections on General Information (section 3.1),
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 89]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 89
Environment information (section 3.2), Social information
(sect
ion 3.3), and Governance information (section 3.4),
complemented by additional ESG-related topics, ESG main
indicators, reporting boundaries, and an ESG content index
(sections 3.5 to 3.8).
Where appropriate, disclosures include upstream and
downstream value chain information – such as clients and
suppliers in emissions-related sections and suppliers and
yards in human rights – indicating where material topics
arise and the applicable policies, actions, and targets.
Relevant international frameworks (e.g., IPIECA, IOGP ,
SASB, GRI) have also been referenced to clarify
methodologies and guidance applied.
TIME HORIZONS
For time horizons, SBM Offshore applies intervals of up to
one year (short-term), one to six years (medium-term), and
more than six years (long-term). This approach, which
differs from the five-year intervals suggested by ESRS, is
aligned with SBM Offshore’s existing processes for
identifying and managing material impacts, risks, and
opportunities.
VALUE CHAIN INFORMATION
Details about emissions across the value chain are provided
in section 3.2.2, which covers scope 3 GHG emissions.
SBM Offshore reports on three categories of scope 3
emissions defined by the GHG Protocol: Category 13 –
Downstream Leased Assets (representing over 95% of total
emissions), Category 1 – Purchased Goods and Services,
and Category 6 – Business Travel. These categories were
identified as the most relevant and significant based on
SBM Offshore’s business activities and operations.
GHG emissions from FPSO assets leased to clients are
classified as scope 3, Category 13 (Downstream Leased
Assets) according to the GHG protocol. SBM Offshore,
acting as the asset owner and O&M service provider,
applies an operational control approach and collects
primary operational data (e.g., energy use, flaring) to
calculate and report these emissions in its scope 3
inventory, thereby enhancing accuracy and transparency in
GHG emissions reporting.
To support transparency and comparability, SBM Offshore
applies recognized emission factors and industry average
datasets. Additional details on GHG emission boundaries
and methodologies are provided in section 3.7.2.
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE
A list of the ESRS disclosure requirements that have been
incorporated by reference is presented in the ESG Content
Index in section 3.8, specifying the data points disclosed in
other chapters of this annual report.
GOVERNANCE
The overal
l ESRS governance information is incorporated
into chapters 1 and 2 with the reference presented in the
ESG Content Index in section 3.8.
Integration of sustainability-related performance in
incentive schemes
The Management Board remuneration policy includes a
short-term incentive based on key performance indicators.
One of the performance areas is sustainability performance.
For each of the performance measures, the Supervisory
Board, upon the recommendation of the Appointment and
Remuneration Committee, determines the target
achievement. There are no performance targets for the
Supervisory Board, which allows for an unmitigated focus
on long-term value creation. For a further description of the
key elements of the Management Board remuneration
policy, the integration of sustainability-related performance
therein and the proportion of variable remuneration
dependent on sustainability related targets, see sections
2.3.1, 2.3.2 and 2.3.4.
3.1.2 STRATEGY AND BUSINESS MODEL
ESRS 2 SBM-1
Information on SBM Offshore’s business model, strategy,
product and service portfolio, markets and value creation
model is disclosed in sections 1.2, 1.3 and 1.5.
Section 4.3.2 informs SBM Offshore’s total revenues, which
are mostly generated through: ’Lease and Operate’ (L&O)
and ’Turnkey’10 (Detailed information on the two segments
is presented in section 4.3.2). In L&O, a portion of the
revenues arises from operating and maintaining FPSO units
for oil production, processing, storage and offloading on
behalf of its clients. Consequently, SBM Offshore earns part
of its L&O revenues from oil-related activities, which are
linked to the fossil fuel sector. In L&O, SBM Offshore also
includes the revenue earned from leasing FPSO units. The
Turnkey segment mainly generates revenues from FPSO
construction, sales, and related services. SBM Offshore
achnowledges that leasing and selling FPSOs are indirectly
linked to the fossil fuel sector, as these units are used in oil
production. (For further details on the revenue, please refer
to the Financial Statements, sections 4.2.1, 4.2.7 B, 4.3.2,
4.3.3.)
3.1.3 STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
ESRS 2 GOV-4; SBM-2; IRO-1, and ESRS E1; S1; S2; G1
SBM Offshore is committed to value creation and,
supported by its Stakeholder Engagement Policy, maintains
open and continuous dialogue with stakeholders to
promote responsible business practices. Collaboration –
10 SBM Of fshore does not generate revenue from coal, non‑associated gas,
chemicals production, controversial weapons, or tobacco-related activities.

[page 90]
90 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
one of SBM Offshore’s core values – plays a key role in
driving value cr
eation across the entire value chain.
SBM Offshore adopts an inclusive approach, encouraging
transparent interactions and incorporating diverse
perspectives from its stakeholders. These include
employees, clients, suppliers, shareholders, lenders,
regulators, classification societies, yards, partners, local
communities and civil society organizations (including non-
governmental organizations – NGOs).
Engagement with key stakeholders enables SBM Offshore
to ident
ify, assess, and manage impacts, risks, and
opportunities (IRO) throughout the value chain. Insights
gathered through these interactions facilitate the
development of integrated strategies and actionable plans,
including those informed by due diligence and
environmental and social assessments conducted internally
and by independent third parties. Continuous
communication fosters a strong understanding of the
business ecosystem and supports the development of the
DMA.
ENGAGEMENTS WITH KEY STAKEHOLDERS
Model Purpose Key outcomes
Clients
• Key account meetings
•
Engagement meetings
• Project sustainability workshops
Build trust; propose solid and
sustainable solut
ions to support
clients to reach their goals; identify
IRO inputs for DMA.
• Service improvements
•
Improve business development
strategies
• Increase collaboration
• Align and contribute to
sustainability targets
Suppliers
• Strategic sourcing meetings
•
Vendor days
• Engagement meetings
• Surveys
• Supplier due diligence
• Human rights assessments
• Encouraging suppliers to fill in the CDP
Supply Chain module to enhance
transparency
Reinforce compliance with
SBM Of
fshore Code of Conduct
and policies; promote environment,
human and labor rights protection,
and a sustainable sourcing; identify
IRO inputs for DMA.
• Understanding of supplier
expectat
ions and behaviors
• Create improvement plans
• Selection of suppliers
• Set expectations and collaborate
on sustainability targets
• Integration of human rights into
business
Employees
• Management calls
•
Surveys
• Town halls, Life Day, Human Rights/Worker
Welfare Day, Technology Conference
• New employee onboarding experience
session
Understand and incorporate
employee perspect
ives, promote
diversity and inclusion, and
contribute to a sustainable
workplace; identify IRO inputs for
DMA.
• Internal policy and actions
updates
•
Communications from
management
• Global HR projects (job and
competency referential and
strategic workforce planning)
• Embed sustainability into the
organization through learning
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 91]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 91
ENGAGEMENTS WITH KEY STAKEHOLDERS
Model Purpose Key outcomes
Shareholders
• Annual General Meeting, analyst and investor
r
oadshows/meetings
• Analyst webcast presentations
• ESG rating discussions
• Engagement with representative groups – e.g.
VBDO (Dutch Association of Investors for
Sustainable Development), VEB (Dutch
investor association), Eumedion and ISS
(Institutional Shareholders Services).
Understand sustainability
expectat
ions, enhance
transparency; identify IRO inputs for
DMA.
• ESG rating improvement
•
Improve communication on
business management
• Enhance corporate reputation and
trust
Lenders
• Project environmental and social due
d
iligence during project financing and the
definition of actions plans
• Engagement meetings
• Site visit
• ESG rating discussions
Meet sustainability expectations,
at
tract responsible financing,
increase transparency, reduce risk;
identify IRO inputs for DMA.
• ESG rating improvement
•
Answer lenders questions
• Improve communication on
business management
• Enhance corporate reputation and
trust
• Improvement of environmental
and social practice
Civil Society Organization
• Engagement with representatives regarding
business transpar
ency and social impact
projects
Address site-specific issues
(envir
onment, community
development), business
transparency, and social impact;
identify IRO inputs for DMA.
• Alignment of business with best
pract
ice
• Initiatives to avoid corruption,
human rights violations,
environmental damage and others
• Enhance corporate reputation and
trust
Peers
• Discussion sessions about new European
r
egulations and best practices
Enhance regulatory understanding
and shar
e best practices; identify
IRO inputs for DMA.
• Increase collaboration
•
Enhance regulatory understanding
and share best practices
Class Society
• Engagement on further development of
sustainabil
ity notations for FPSOs
Align sustainability practices and
standar
ds; identify IRO inputs for
DMA.
• Improve sustainability practices
and pr
ocesses
Yards
• Human Rights and Worker Welfare Day
•
Engagement meetings
• Emissions management monitoring and
human rights action tracking
• Surveys
• Desktop research
• Listening tours to engage directly with workers
in the value chain
Reinforce compliance with
SBM Of
fshore’s Code of Conduct
and alignment with responsible
sourcing practice; identify IRO
inputs for DMA.
• Understanding of yards’
expectat
ions and behaviors
• Create improvement plans
• Set expectations and collaborate
on sustainability targets
• Integration of human rights into
business

[page 92]
92 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Business Collaboration
SBM Of
fshore is conscious of its place in the value chain of
the offshore energy sector. By providing market-ready
solutions to reduce emissions, SBM Offshore is diligently
pursuing progress of the industry. For this reason, beyond
the DMA process and its stakeholder engagement and
outcomes, among ot
hers, the following engagements took
place during the year11:
11 T o avoid redundancy this information will not be repeated in each material
topic section.
SBM OFFSHORE INVOLVEMENTS More details
The International Association of Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP)
Co-chair of the IOGP Decommissioning FPSO Expert Group on Responsible Recycling and member
of t
he IOGP Decommissioning Standing Committee since 2025.
Section 3.2.3
Participating in the Health Committee, which aims to develop evidence-based guidance and
r
ecommendations on a range of strategic health issues, including occupational, environmental and
public health. It works towards a responsible and caring culture that enables people to perform to
the best of their potential.
Section 3.3.2
Participating in the Process Safety Subcommittee, providing input on implementing Process Safety
Fundamentals and Pr
ocess Safety Indicators Guidelines, and chairing the Process Safety Barrier
Definition Guideline.
Section 3.3.2
Participating in the Human Performance Subcommittee – development of a report to guide the
members on t
he implementation of Human Performance principles across the oil and gas industry.
Section 3.3.2
Participating in Fatalities and Permanent Impairment Injuries Expert Group – development of a
database of events and lessons learned to be shar
ed in the oil and gas companies’ community and
adopted the standard.
Section 3.3.2
Providing input to IOGP guidelines for design and operation to minimize/avoid flaring sour ces and
guidelines for venting minimization and vent recovery systems.
Section 3.2
Participating in the Joint Industry Program – Standardizing Procurement Specificat ions and Capital
Facilities Information Handover Specification.
Section 3.2
International Marine Contractors Association (IMCA)
Member of the Environmental Sustainability Committee and the Life Below Water Workgroup. Sections 3.2 and 3.5
Members of the United Nations Corporate Data Group (as part of the Ocean Decade, this group
aims at making privately owned data publ
icly available).
Sections 3.2 and 3.5
Member of the Safety Committee, actively participating in meetings and Safety standards
development.
Section 3.3.2
Member of the Security Committee, developing guidance and booklets for the maritime industry.
This commit
tee works closely with the IMO (International Maritime Organization) and the OCIMF
(Oil Companies International Maritime Forum).
Section 3.3.2
European Sustainability Reporting Standards
Participation in the consultation process for the ESRS to drive the harmonization of various
standar
ds and regulations.
Section 3.1
Ethics and Integrity
Membership of Transparency International Netherlands (TI-NL), participated in study assessing
whist
leblowing frameworks in the private sector. This study aims to assess the impact of the new
Dutch Act for Whistleblower Protection on private sector companies.
Section 3.4.1
Membership of the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) Netherlands. Section 3.4.1.
Technology Development
Participating in the Floating Energy Research Forum and the Joint Industry Projects (JIP) exploring
col
laboration opportunities and advance future technology development. Participation involves
engaging in open discussions on emerging research topics and shared challenges.
Section 3.2
In accordance with SBM Offshore’s Anti-Bribery and
Corrupt
ion Policy, political contributions are not allowed.
SBM Offshore does not participate in party political activity
nor will it make contributions to political organizations or
affiliated individuals of anything other than de minimis
value.
For extra and complementary information about the main
act
ions implemented and results, see the topical sections
of these Sustainability Statements and the SBM Offshore
website.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 93]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 93
3.1.4 DOUBLE MATERIALITY
ESRS 2 GOV-4; SBM-1; SBM-2; SBM-3; IRO-1; IRO-2, and ESRS E1; S1; S2; G1
SBM Offshore is strengthening its approach to data
governance, target setting, reporting practices and
performance management, having made significant
progress over the past decade.
The materiality assessments are central to SBM Offshore’s
sustainability strategy. These assessments identify the most
significant environmental, social, governance and economic
topics that could impact SBM Offshore’s operations and/or
its stakeholders, as well as the associated risks and
opportunities. This process enables the understanding and
integration of stakeholder interests into DMA and
sustainability reporting decision-making.
SBM Offshore reviews its materiality assessment every four
years, adapting to evolving ESG risks, regulations, and
stakeholder expectations while confirming that
sustainability efforts remain strategic and effective. In the
interim, regular updates are conducted to capture critical
changes in external conditions and ESG factors. The
outcomes of the materiality assessment are validated by
the Management Board, supporting the use of its findings
to inform the organization’s strategic direction and
performance management.
PROCESS
In 2023, SBM Offshore conducted a materiality assessment
aligned with the double materiality principle emphasized
by the CSRD. This process involved identifying and
evaluat
ing material impacts, risks and opportunities across
SBM Offshore’s operations and value chain, considering
both impact and financial perspectives to determine
whether each sustainability matter was material from one or
both dimensions12.
The assessment incorporated insights from interactions
with key internal and external stakeholders carried out
specifically for the DMA process, alongside knowledge
acquired through project-specific Environmental Impact
Assessments (EIAs), due diligence, climate risk assessments
and other processes. The findings from these interactions
and assessments guided SBM Offshore to identify, evaluate
and manage impacts, risks and opportunities within its
value chain.
The DMA process was validated by independent external
experts in 2023, strengthening its robustness and credibility
(for a brief description of the DMA process, see section
3.7.1). The outcome of this process was applied in 2024. A
subsequent review in 2025 confirmed the continued
relevance of the conclusions reached and the material
topics defined.
SBM Offshore’s six material topics – together with their
associated impacts, risks, opportunities, policies, actions,
and targets – are disclosed in this report in accordance with
ESRS topical and cross-cutting standards.
12 Furt her information on the materiality process conducted in 2023 is also
available in section 3.7.1 of this Sustainability Statement and section 3.3 of
the 2024 Annual Report.
MATERIAL TOPICS ESRS TOPICAL STANDARDS ESRS CROSS-CUTTING 
STANDARDS
EMISSIONS
E
S
G
DECOMMISSIONING
OUR PEOPLE
HEALTH, SAFETY & SECURITY
HUMAN RIGHTS
ETHICS & COMPLIANCE
ESRS E1
Climate change
ESRS S1
Own workforce
ESRS S2
Workers in the value chain
ESRS G1
Business conduct
ESRS 1
General requirements
ESRS 2
General disclosures
Minimum Disclosure 
Requirement

[page 94]
94 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
SBM Offshore has assessed various environmental and
social topics in its DMA, includ
ing pollution (ESRS E2),
water and marine resources (ESRS E3), biodiversity and
ecosystems13 (ESRS E4), resource use and circular economy
(ESRS E5), affected communities (ESRS S3), and consumers
and end-users (ESRS S4). SBM Offshore concluded that
these topics are not standalone material matters for its
operations or stakeholders.
3.1.5 MATERIAL IMPACTS, RISKS, AND
OPPORTUNITIES
ESRS 2 SBM-3; IRO-1, and ESRS E1; S1; S2; G1
The relevant impacts, risks and opportunities (IRO)
identified from the DMA, and the actions to manage them,
are described in the sections dedicated to each material
topic (sections 3.2 to 3.4). In total, SBM Offshore has
identified 22 IROs.
3.1.6 POLICIES, TARGETS AND METRICS
ADOPTED TO MANAGE MATERIAL
TOPICS
ESRS 2 MDR-P , MDR-M; MDR-T, and ESRS E1; S1; S2; G1
The main policies, targets and metrics applied to support
SBM Offshore’s performance on each material topic are
presented within the respective sections (sections 3.2 to
3.4, 3.6 and 3.7) and summarized in section 1.1.3 –
Performance Summary.
13 SBM Of fshore’s activities are not located in or near protected or
ecologically sensitive areas, such as the Natura 2000 network of protected
areas, UNESCO World Heritage sites, Key Biodiversity Areas (‘KBAs’), as
well as other protected areas (IUCN sites, wetlands listed under the
RAMSAR Convention, Alliance for Zero Extinction sites).
3.2 ENVIRONMENT INFORMA TION
3.2.1 CLIMATE CHANGE IMPACT, RISK
AND OPPORTUNITY
ESRS 2 SBM-3; IRO-1, and ESRS E1
OUR APPROACH
SBM Offshore identifies and assesses climate-related risks
and opportunities within its Enterprise Risk Management
(ERM) framework, aligning with SBM Offshore’s strategy
through a structured risk breakdown approach. When
relevant, these risks are integrated into detailed reviews for
projects and FPSO fleet operations across SBM Offshore’s
portfolio. The Risk and Control team facilitates this process
and reports findings to the Risk Assurance Committee
(RAC) for consolidation and discussion of risk profile
evolution and mitigation actions.
The Management Board and Supervisory Board oversee
climate-related matters through the quarterly risk reports,
aligning with SBM Offshore’s Risk Appetite Statements in
sections 1.4.1 and 2.1.
Since 2019, SBM Offshore has performed the climate risk
assessment with business, risk management and
sustainability experts to identify climate risks for its
business, segmenting between operations, offices and
yards, following the TCFD frameworks. In the years
following, SBM Offshore expanded its financial impact
analysis and disclosures, which have been updated during
2023. During 2024, SBM Offshore continued to use the
TCFD framework and adopted further physical climate-
related hazards from ESRS 2 IRO-1 and ESRS E1-9.
Building on insights from the previous year’s assessment,
SBM Offshore enhanced its climate scenario evaluation in
2025 to better understand the potential impacts of climate
change on its operations and strategy. This refinement
included additional parameters and the use of weather
station data collected directly from FPSO assets, to verify
assumptions and improve data accuracy.
The assessment was carried out through a series of cross-
functional, scenario-based workshops, bringing together
expertise from across the organization. These workshops
focused on identifying, scoring and prioritizing climate-
related risks and opportunities for SBM Offshore’s activities
in yards (upstream value chain), offices (own operations and
shorebases), and offshore assets (own operations). The
assessment also covered SBM Offshore’s supply chain,
focusing on key upstream suppliers (yards), as disruptions in
these areas could pose the most significant operational
risks. A full list of these assets and their locations can be
found in section 1.2.2. Each identified item was evaluated
using the Group Risk Matrix, assigned to an owner with
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 95]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 95
defined fol low-up actions and timelines, and recorded in
the Risk Management Platform, supporting structured
monitoring and reporting.
In line with previous disclosures, the 2025 assessment did
not reveal any substantive financial effects at the
consolidated level, based on the evaluated scenarios.
Overall, SBM Offshore’s business model remains resilient
under the tested physical and transition pathways. While
the financial impact of specific physical and transition risks
has not yet been quantified, this is an area of ongoing
development that will continue to evolve at SBM Offshore,
in accordance with the ESRS E1-9 requirements. For further
details on the financial analysis related to climate impact,
please refer to the Financial Statements, section 4.3.27.
SCENARIO PLANNING
For the Climate Risk Assessment, SBM Offshore considers
three periods, up to 2030, 2040 and 2050. These periods
reflect the lifespan of SBM Offshore’s assets and
operational sites and align with the scenario analysis
requirements under ESRS E1.
To comprehensively investigate potential climate-related
risks and opportunities, SBM Offshore evaluates two
distinct climate scenarios: one representing a high GHG
emissions pathway to analyze physical risks, and another
representing a low GHG emissions pathway to assess
transition risks and opportunities. These analyses are crucial
for understanding how different climate conditions could
materially impact the business over time.
In 2025, the following emissions scenarios were used,
based on the latest global climate model data (CMIP6) that
inform the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s
Sixth Assessment Reports (IPCC AR6):
• Physical Risk Projection: application of the SSP5‑8.5
scenario14, which assumes a fossil-intensive development
path resulting in high GHG emissions and serves as a
very high‑emissions stress test applied across 2030, 2040
and 2050. This scenario helps to assess the severe
physical hazards associated with the most challenging
future climate conditions.
• Transition Risks and Opportunities: application of the
SSP1‑2.6 scenario14, which emphasizes clean energy
technologies and the preservation of the natural
14 In 2025 SBM Of fshore started adopting the CMIP6 data that provided the
foundation for the IPCC AR6. While the Representative Concentration
Pathways (RCPs) emissions scenarios were used to drive the CMIP5
generation of models applied in the IPCC AR5, CMIP6 utilizes an
environment, resulting in a lower-emissions pathway,
complemented by t
he IEA Net-Zero Emissions (NZE) by
2050 scenario, which serves as a benchmark for the
energy sector aligned with a 1.5°C global temperature
increase. Although this pathway minimizes physical risks,
it necessitates rapid and stringent decarbonization
measures, leading to substantial transition risk exposure
for SBM Offshore. At the same time, it also presents
strategic opportunities for innovation, market
positioning and long-term resilience.
PHYSICAL CLIMATE RISKS
The physical climate risk assessment follows ESRS E1
-9
guidelines and covers climate hazards across both onshore
and offshore assets. The 2025 assessment has been
enhanced by incorporating additional parameters
previously excluded due to limited data, such as wind
direction, wave height and currents. These hazards were
integrated through the analysis of metocean data collected
from FPSO assets and compared against design
parameters. This inclusion not only strengthens the
assessment but also offers a more comprehensive
perspective on offshore asset integrity and operational
continuity, reflecting SBM Offshore’s commitment to
continually improving climate resilience.
In 2025, SBM Offshore evaluated 16 of the 28 physical
climate hazards identified under ESRS E1. The remaining 12
hazards – including permafrost thawing, coastal erosion,
soil degradation, soil erosion, solifluction, tornado,
drought, glacial lake outburst, avalanche, landslide and
subsidence – were considered immaterial or not relevant to
SBM Offshore’s areas of operation. The assessment applied
IPCC CMIP6 SSP5-8.5 scenario modelling, using metocean
data collected from FPSO assets and comparing the results
against design parameters. For hazards where data was not
available through the CMIP6 database – specifically water
stress, river floods and coastal floods – SBM Offshore used
alternative data sources, such as the World Resources
Institute’s Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas. All assessments were
based on asset-level geospatial coordinates to obtain
location-specific insights.
enhanced set of emissions scenarios based on Shared Socio-Economic
Pat
hways (SSPs). The SSPs complement RCPs by exploring the socio-
economic conditions behind various emissions levels in a more
standardized manner. To enable comparison between CMIP5 and CMIP6,
three SSP scenarios which correspond to the most widely-used RCPs (2.6,
4.5, and 8.5) have been adopted by the climate modelling community:
SSP1-2.6 (a 2°C scenario approximately equal to RCP2.6), SSP2-4.5
(approximately equal to RCP4.5), and SSP5-8.5 (a high-emissions scenario
similar to RCP8.5).

[page 96]
96 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Physical Risks Hazards
Classification of cl imate-related hazards (Source: Commission delegated regulation (EU) 2021/2139)
Temperature-related Wind-related Water-related
Onshore assets
(office, R&D T
est
and
Development
Center, yards,
and shorebases)
Chronic • Heat stress
•
Changed air temperature
• Changing
wind
pat
terns
• Changing precipitation
•
Water stress
Acute
• Coastal and River floods
Offshore assets
(FPSOs)
Chronic
• Changed air temperature
•
Changed marine water temperature
• Heat stress
• Temperature variability
• Changing
wind
pat
terns
• Ocean acid ification
• Seawater salinity
• Sea level rise
Acute • Heat wave
•
Cold wave
• Cyclones
•
Tropical
storms
• Heavy precipitation
Offshore assets
T
wo climate hazards were identified as posing risks to
offshore assets: heat stress and cyclones.
The remote possibility of cyclones remains a concern for
offshore assets in regions prone to extreme weather events.
Projections indicate that future climate conditions within
SBM Offshore’s time horizons are expected to marginally
affect cyclone intensity. Consequently, offshore assets are
not anticipated to be significantly impacted by these
events, as the likelihood is expected to remain unlikely.
However, the potential for cyclone-related damage still
exists.
Heat stress is expected to be the most significant hazard
for offshore assets under the applied climate scenario. It
may affect personnel and limit outdoor work when air
conditioning is not feasible. This risk is particularly
pronounced for offshore assets in Angola and the United
States, considering the projected heat index15 under more
extreme climate conditions. Nonetheless, no major impacts
are anticipated, as improvements in protective equipment,
implemented mitigation actions, and established
scheduling practices are already in place to effectively
manage heat-related risks.
Ocean acidification and saline intrusion are not currently
expected to pose significant risks to offshore units, as
existing engineering and design standards already
incorporate the latest metocean modelling and provide
sufficient resilience to these evolving environmental
conditions.
Onshore assets
Six climate hazards were identified as posing risks to
onshore assets: heat stress, changing air temperature,
15 The Heat Str ess Index (HSI) quantifies the combined effects of
temperature, humidity, air movement, and radiant heat on the human
body, helping to assess the risk of heat-related illnesses.
changing wind patterns, water stress, changing rainfall
pat
terns, and flooding (river and coastal).
Heat stress is primarily expected to impact construction
yards, as work in offices, shorebases and R&D laboratories
occurs in controlled environments with reliable air
conditioning. Among the yards utilized by SBM Offshore,
those located in China and Singapore already experience
some degree of exposure. Heat stress is monitored and
recorded seasonally at these yards to inform work
scheduling and safety planning.
Water stress was assessed using the World Resources
Institute’s Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas. While most onshore
assets currently have reliable access to water, locations in
Angola, China, India and Mexico show higher exposure.
Mitigation measures are already in place, and continued
monitoring and proactive adaptation planning remain
essential. The degree to which local infrastructure may be
affected under future conditions is not yet fully understood.
Both river and coastal flooding were assessed for onshore
assets. As with water stress, it remains uncertain as to what
extent available tools account for local flood defenses.
Some onshore assets in China, Brazil, Angola and Guyana
may be exposed to flooding risks, which could cause direct
damage to assets or people, or result in operational
disruptions such as shutdowns or construction delays.
Flooding occurs annually in parts of China, but current yard
locations have not been affected. Monitoring of off-site
surroundings and logistics routes continues to be an
important part of local risk management.
None of SBM Offshore’s onshore asset locations are
situated in areas prone to landslides, which is why this
hazard was not included in the formal assessment.
However, in Brazil (Angra dos Reis), the main road
connecting Rio de Janeiro to the yards passes through
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 97]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 97
landslide-prone areas. This risk is already addressed
t
hrough route monitoring and contingency planning.
Occasional roadblocks have been experienced, reinforcing
the need for ongoing vigilance.
Current assessments indicate that no material impacts are
expected across the identified hazards under present
conditions. Nevertheless, SBM Offshore continues to
monitor climate-related risks and integrate mitigation
measures into operational planning. Proactive adaptation
strategies, including contingency planning and
infrastructure monitoring, remain critical to maintaining
r
esilience.
Based on available results, water stress emerges as the
most widespread hazard affecting the majority of onshore
assets, except those located in the Netherlands,
Switzerland, Portugal, Brazil, Equatorial Guinea, the United
States, and Singapore. While onshore assets generally have
reliable water access, additional water sources or
contingency measures may need to be identified if risk
levels increase in line with projected scenarios.
Physical Risks (Climate scenario SSP5-8.5)
Risk Asset type Potential impact Potential Financial impact Management of impact
Ocean
acid
ification Offshore Accelerated corrosion of submerged
metal, such as t
he hull and mooring
systems. If accelerated enough, corroded
metal would either need to be replaced
or could shorten the expected
operational lifetime of offshore assets.
Increased cost of
construct
ion and
repair costs for
damage, insurance,
contingency.
Design specificat ions of units
take into account the latest
metocean simulations of
extreme weather events.
Saline
intrusion
Offshore
Cyclones Offshore Physical damage to infrastructure.
Increased cost of
construct
ion and
repair costs for
damage, insurance,
contingency.
SBM Offshore mitigates risks
fr
om climate change impact
to people and the
environment for specific
scenarios in each location.
For example, the
preparation and execution of
Health and Safety plans
during the execution of
SBM Offshore’s projects and
readily available Emergency
Response plans. Associated
financial impacts are
mitigated in contingencies
for additional schedule
impacts, adequate safety
measurements and cover
through insurance.
Heat stress Offshore/
Onshor
e
Increased work strain for construction and
of
fshore workers − decreased productivity
and delays.
Increased cost of
construct
ion.
Water stress Onshore
Increased delays in steel production due
to water scar
city.
Unhealthy work conditions.
Increased cost of
construct
ion, water
expense.
Higher cost of safe
water supply to
people.
Flooding Onshore
Physical damage to infrastructure or harm
to people, r
esulting in shutdowns and
maintenance, delaying construction
projects and necessary onshore support
to offshore assets.
Increased cost of
construct
ion and
repair costs for
damage, insurance,
contingency.

[page 98]
98 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
TRANSITION CLIMATE RISKS AND
OPPOR
TUNITIES
According to the United Nations’ projections in 2024, the
global population is expected to continue growing over the
next 50 to 60 years, reaching a peak of approximately 10.3
billion people in the mid-2080s, an increase from 8.2 billion
in 2024. Global energy demand is set to grow in the coming
decades. While the share of renewable energy in the
energy mix is increasing and governments are raising their
decarbonization targets, oil and natural gas will remain
crucial to the primary energy mix. According to the World
Energy Outlook 2025, demand for new oil and natural gas
projects is projected to grow until the end of the decade,
after which it is expected to gradually decline until 2050.
To assess transition risks and opportunities, SBM Offshore
applied the SSP1-2.6 scenario, which outlines a
sustainability-focused pathway to limit global warming to
well below 2°C. This scenario assumes strong international
cooperation, aggressive climate policies, and increased
adoption rates for renewable energy. The transition is
driven by five key factors: policy and legal changes, market
dynamics, technological advancements, reputation, and
stakeholder expectations.
Under this scenario, demand for traditional O&G projects
may decline at a higher rate until 2050. There may also be
increased exposure to carbon pricing and greater
reputational pressure. This scenario also presents
significant opportunities, including the potential to
enhance lower-carbon solutions through SBM Offshore’s
transition plan, accelerate portfolio diversification toward
renewable energy integration and hybrid energy systems,
and strengthen strategic partnerships with clients focused
on decarbonization.
Financing Landscape Shifts
Constraints in the financing landscape exist, representing
an increased transition risk, particularly under a well-below
2°C scenario. As financial institutions and investors
increasingly favor lower-carbon portfolios, access to capital
for O&G projects may become more limited. To mitigate
this risk, SBM Offshore focuses on financial performance,
operational excellence, and transparent ESG disclosures to
build investor confidence. At the same time, SBM Offshore
is expanding on its offering of decarbonization solutions for
FPSOs – such as carbon captur
e, electrification, and energy
efficiency – while preserving flexibility for future
diversification. This approach enables resilience in the core
O&G business while aligning with evolving market
expectations.
Delays in New Energies Product Development
Inflationary pressures and changes in the subsidy landscape
have affected certain industry players, resulting in delays for
the development of new energy products. This situation
highlights the risks of financial setbacks and a slowdown in
new energy investments offshore. In response,
SBM Offshore has implemented a selective strategy for its
blue economy portfolio, focusing on projects that are both
viable and capable of achieving the scale needed to make
cleaner energy more affordable.
SBM Offshore leverages its capabilities to capture
emerging market opportunities. Through collaboration and
partnerships with organizations aligned on risk, reward and
impact, SBM Offshore contributes to collective efforts to
build a resilient and sustainable ocean economy.
Further data on transition climate risk analysis is provided in
the table below. SBM Offshore’s scenario analysis continues
as an iterative process to critically assess and prepare for
evolving climate and market conditions, serving as a tool to
explore potential transition pathways rather than predict
specific outcomes.
Transition Opportunities
The ongoing energy transition presents not only challenges
but also significant opportunities for SBM Offshore to apply
its innovative ocean infrastructure, pioneering spirit, and
deepwater expertise in the development of new energies
solutions. As the global energy system evolves, these
solutions provide pathways for diversification and long-
term growth. SBM Offshore’s exploration of the blue
economy focuses on scalable, technically and economically
viable projects that can accelerate the affordability of more
sustainable floating solutions and enhance the resilience of
future energy systems. Further information is presented in
section 1.2.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 99]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 99
Transition Risks (Climate scenario SSP1-2.6)
Risks Operational impact Financial Impact Management of Impact
Inability to attract
employee/r
esources
Decreased
development in
r
enewable product
market, FPSO projects
understaffed, net-zero
ambitions at risk.
Increased cost due to use of
contractors rat
her than
attracting in-house talent,
potential cost of non-quality.
SBM Offshore remains focused on being an
at
tractive employer, with interesting
opportunities in the energy industry.
Moreover, SBM Offshore applies its unique
capabilities to contribute to new market
opportunities for the energy transition.
Clients not
support
ing low-
emission effort
Reduced direct income
fr
om net-zero aligned
technologies, net-zero
ambitions at risk.
Potential increased cost for
SBM Of
fshore when clients
are not committed to low
emission efforts.
Early engagement with clients on net-zero
pat
hs, whilst continuing to develop emission
reduction initiatives and achieve
SBM Offshore’s decarbonization targets.
Leverage collaboration with SBM Offshore's
value chain to accelerate energy transition.
Reduced demand for
oil and gas leads to
cl
ients terminating
contracts
Reduced operational
act
ivities for traditional
FPSOs.
Decline in future revenues
and earl
ier than expected
decommissioning costs,
managed through contract
termination compensation.
SBM Offshore maintains a compensation
structur
e for contract termination and
decommissioning costs. SBM Offshore
continuously updates its offering in response
to evolving energy landscape with the aim of
decarbonizing existing and new units.
Financing constraint
for hydr
ocarbon-
related projects
Alternative financing
arrangements.
Increased cost of financing,
potent
ial change in economic
distributions, lower margins.
Adequate access to debt and equity funding
is secur
ed through use of SBM Offshore’s
existing liquidity, by selling equity to third
parties, the use of bridging loans and long-
term project financing. Debt funding is
sourced from multiple markets, such as
international project finance banks, capital
markets transactions and Export Credit
Agencies. Enlargement with providers of
alternative financing.
More stringent social
and envir
onmental
laws
Increased liabilities or
pr
ovisions, and
assessments of
contingent liabilities.
Increased cost of production,
l
imits to field development.
The close monitoring of laws, regulation, and
pol
icy is carried out continuously, and
substantive changes are escalated. This
includes liability from an emergence of
carbon tax and its mitigation through
appropriate clauses in contracts.
Introduction of
carbon pricing
Decrease in total
primary fuel
consumpt
ion and total
energy input.
Increased environmental tax
and carbon pricing.
Delay in product
development
Deviation from
company net-zer
o
path.
Decreased potential for
r
evenues from lower-carbon
products.
SBM Offshore prioritizes project
development to accelerate pr
ogress in core
operations and in new markets, by
expanding its interests within the energy
industry and its horizons into other sectors.

[page 100]
100 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Transition Opportunities (Climate scenario SSP1-2.6)
Opportunities Potential Impact Financial Impact Management of Impact
Reduced costs of finance
t
hrough sustainability targets
Access to financing sour ces
offering lower rates if
sustainability KPIs are met.
Reduced project costs and
impr
oved margins.
Implement robust ESG
performance tracking and
r
eporting to meet lender
requirements.
Improved business cases for
decarbonizat
ion and
renewable energy due to
carbon pricing
Higher carbon prices make
r
enewables more competitive
vs. carbon-intensive products.
Shorter payback period for
lower
-carbon projects.
Monitor regulatory
developments r
elated to
carbon pricing to anticipate
potential impacts and adjust
strategies accordingly.
Attract new investors
support
ing SBM Offshore’s
sustainability ambitions
Ability to secure funding for
r
enewable energy and lower-
carbon technologies.
Increased capital availability
for innovat
ion.
Develop investor engagement
strategy and publ
ish
transparent sustainability
performance reports.
Attracting new talents
t
hrough SBM Offshore’s
sustainability ambitions
Strong employer brand
al
igned with energy transition
goals.
Reduced recruitment costs
and impr
oved retention.
Launch targeted talent
campaigns.
3.2.2 EMISSIONS
ESRS 2 GOV-3; SBM-2; SBM-3; IRO-1, and ESRS E1
 SBM Offshore has identified key material impacts, risks and
opportunities related to emissions resulting from the DMA.
This information guides SBM Offshore in continuously
impr
oving the management of emissions associated with its
operations and value chain, as further discussed in this
section.
Emissions material impacts, risks and opportunities
IRO IRO description Value chain position Time horizon
Emissions
Positive impact Increased emissions reduction in SBM Offshore’s activities and raise
awar
eness in supply chain. own activities short- and
med
ium-term
Opportunity Development of new energies products and services and low emission
pr
oducts. own activities short- and
med
ium-term
Negative
impact
Inherent emissions from fossil-fuel-related business activities, including
emissions fr
om SBM Offshore’s activities and value chain.
own activities
and
downstr
eam
and upstream
value chain
short- and
med
ium-term
Risk
Potential lower demand for oil and gas services and increased ESG
r
equirements resulting in a change of the business model. own activities short- and
med
ium-term
Potential hazards of asset damage or halted operations from increasing
physical risks as a r
esult of climate change.
own activities
and
downstr
eam
value chain
short- and
med
ium-term
OUR APPROACH
Pol
icies and Governance
Energy availability is fundamental for sustaining human
progress, driving economic growth, and enhancing well-
being. Under the Net-Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario
(NZE) developed by the International Energy Agency (IEA),
a combination of both renewable and fossil fuel energy
sources is required to satisfy global energy demand.
However, the journey to limit global warming to 1.5ºC has
become increasingly challenging as the world struggles to
align with scientifically established pathways toward
achieving net-zero emissions. A robust policy framework
that incentivizes decarbonization solutions and
technologies, along wit
h improved access to financing, is
crucial to facilitate the energy transition.
Recognizing the complexities of today’s energy landscape,
SBM Offshore remains committed to advancing
decarbonization and promoting the energy transition
through innovation, product development, and emissions
reduction, despite the climate challenges inherent in its
industry. SBM Offshore aims to play a constructive role in
the energy transition by collaborating within its value chain
and the broader energy ecosystem to work towards a net-
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 101]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 101
zero future. This commitment is anchored in SBM Offshore’s
T
rue. Blue. Transition. promise, which guides SBM Offshore
in fulfilling a sustainable role in society.
To reflect its commitment to supporting sustainability
initiatives, including environmental stewardship,
SBM Offshore has established a Sustainability Policy, which
has been approved by the Management Board and applies
to all divisions, business units, partners, yards and suppliers.
The policy objectives include minimizing environmental
impacts by managing GHG emissions, non-GHG emissions,
biodiversity, water usage, waste, and circularity, and by
using natural resources and energy more efficiently across
SBM Offshore’s operations and value chain. The policy
supports alignment with relevant environmental laws and
regulations while promoting transparent and regular
reporting on sustainability performance.
SBM Offshore’s Sustainability Policy aligns with the OECD
Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and is
implemented through the Assurance Management System.
This integration translates the policy’s commitments into
operational procedures, supporting SBM Offshore’s energy
transition and decarbonization efforts.
The Management Board and Supervisory Board maintain
direct oversight of climate-related matters, including
emissions performance, climate risks, climate policies, and
governance practices. This oversight is exercised through
quarterly risk reports prepared by the Risk Assurance
Committee (RAC). The governance of emissions is overseen
by the Group HSSEQS Director – a member of the
Executive Committee – who leads the Group Sustainability
team with the functional ownership of managing emissions.
The Group Sustainability team is responsible for:
• Conducting an annual review of climate impact, risks and
opportunities.
• Tracking progress towards the net-zero ambition.
• Monitoring and consolidating calculations of GHG and
non-GHG emissions.
• Engaging with both internal and external stakeholders to
foster emissions reductions.
• Setting emission reduction targets, monitoring and
assessing the results.
Climate-related considerations are factored into the
remuneration of management according to the method
explained in remuneration sections 2.3.1 and 2.3.2. In 2025,
an emission-related target was one of the metrics for the
short-term incentive for the Management Board and
employees.
Transition Plan and Target
SBM Offshore’s core activities involve delivering and
operating FPSO units tailored to meet client specifications,
leveraging decades of engineering expertise and
operat
ional experience. While the emissions from FPSO
units are mainly determined by design requirements, field
characteristics and operational profiles, SBM Offshore
proactively develops technological advancements to
enhance energy efficiency and minimize environmental
impacts, including GHG emissions in operations, all while
safeguarding reliability and operational excellence in
production. However, SBM Offshore acknowledges that the
deployment of new technologies on FPSO units – and its
ability to influence FPSOs’ emissions reduction – remains
limited and conditional. Outcomes depend on market
demand, client specifications, climate strategies, regulatory
requirements, and project economics throughout the value
chain.
SBM Offshore is committed to a strategy and
decarbonization pathway that aligns with its ambition of
achieving net zero by 2050, addressing scope 1, scope 2,
and scope 3 emissions from downstream leased assets.
SBM Offshore has established its intermediate climate
targets based on guidelines of the Science Based Targets
Initiative (SBTi)16. To incorporate these long-term emission
reduction targets into the business strategy, SBM Offshore
develops Corporate Guidance each year that strengthens
its strategic direction and goals, providing a framework for
decision-making and aligning the organization around
company-wide priorities for emissions management and
other topics.
Scope 1 and 2 targets
• Climate Neutral by 2025;
• 100% renewable energy by 2030 17.
The scope 1 and scope 2 emissions targets are aligned with
the 1.5°C climate pathway, which also supports the EU
objective of achieving climate neutrality by 2050.
SBM Offshore is making steady progress in reducing scope
1 and scope 2 emissions, having achieved climate‑neutral
operations for its offices and shorebases in 2024 and
successfully maintaining this status in 2025. This was
enabled by the continued expansion of renewable
electricity sourcing, the use of Energy Attribute Certificates
(EACs), and the purchase of carbon credits to address
remaining emissions where renewable energy availability is
limited. This progress is driven by a focus on energy
16 SBM Of fshore is currently unable to submit these targets for formal
validation because the development of SBTi’s standard for the O&G sector
is on hold, paused by SBTi to focus on the development of the Corporate
Net-Zero Standard and Financial Institutions’ Net-Zero Standard.
Additionally, SBTi’s fossil fuel policy temporarily restricts validation for
companies in the O&G value chain until updated criteria are released and,
since no framework exists for O&G activities, SBM Offshore also cannot be
included in EU Paris Aligned Benchmarks.
17 SBM Offshore aims to source 100% renewable energy by 2030 and may use
certified climate projects to compensate any residual scope 1 and 2
emissions, thereby achieving ‘net-zero’ GHG emissions related to office
and shorebase operations. Progress is monitored against the 2016 baseline
(2016 data available here).

[page 102]
102 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
efficiency, electrificat ion and the increased use of electricity
generated from renewable resources.
In 2025, strengthened internal controls and detailed,
region‑specific energy data reviews Supported the
accuracy and reliability of scope 1 and scope 2 emissions
data ahead of year‑end consolidation. Looking ahead,
SBM Offshore is committed to sourcing 100% of its energy
consumption from renewable sources through targeted
procurement strategies and contractual agreements, with
full implementation expected by 2030. SBM Offshore
remains on track to achieve net‑zero scope 1 and scope 2
emissions by 2030.
Scope 3 targets
• Lower-carbon FPSO available to the market by 2025;
• 50% reduction in GHG intensity 18 for downstream leased
assets by 2030;
• Zero routine flaring 19 for downstream leased assets by
2030.
SBM Offshore aspires to achieve net-zero emissions by
2050 and has set interim targets to reduce the carbon
intensity of its downstream leased assets. To reach these
goals, SBM Offshore is investing in innovative technologies
and forming strategic partnerships to significantly lower
emissions from new FPSO units while improving the
efficiency of existing ones.
A key milestone achieved by SBM Offshore on its journey
toward net-zero emissions is the market-readiness of a
lower-carbon FPSO by 2025. The design incorporates CCS
which, combined with other lower-carbon technologies, can
reduce GHG emissions by up to 80% in comparison to
conventional units, depending on the combination of
technologies adopted. In May 2025, the American Bureau
of Shipping (ABS) granted Approval in Principle for the
solution after a thorough review of its design in accordance
with regulatory and class requirements.
SBM Offshore is also on track to achieve a 50% reduction in
GHG intensity from scope 3 emissions of downstream
leased assets, compared with the 2016 baseline. Given the
current industry business models, SBM Offshore recognizes
that further emission reductions for downstream leased
assets by 2050 will require continuous collaboration and
shared responsibility across the industry, financiers, and
regulators. Key actions and opportunities to meet these
objectives include:
18 SBM Of fshore targets a 50% reduction in the GHG intensity of scope 3 for
downstream leased assets by 2030, using 2016 as the base year (2016 data
available here). The base year is a representative year for SBM Offshore’s
business and is consistent with SBTi base year selection guidance.
19 Routine flaring of gas is defined by the World Bank’s Zero Routine Flaring
initiative as flaring during normal oil production operations in the absence
of sufficient facilities or amenable geology to re-inject the produced gas,
utilize it on-site, or dispatch it to a market.
Market Uptake
Despite increasing momentum behind the energy
transition, a lack of supportive policies and financing
globally means that the sector is still not on a trajectory
aligned with its climate goals. To collectively advance
towards net zero by 2050 while contributing to a just energy
transition, SBM Offshore continues to collaborate with
stakeholders across the value chain, including the market,
financiers, and regulators, to create a favorable policy and
financing environment that encourages the development
and adoption of carbon reduction, carbon removal, and
lower-emission products and technologies.
O&G Decarbonization
Recognizing the need for all energy sources in the global
energy mix for the foreseeable future, SBM Offshore
understands that the O&G market will remain strong.
Therefore, SBM Offshore makes efforts to enhance O&G
production efficiency by optimizing energy use and
reducing emissions from FPSOs. In partnership with
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, SBM Offshore is also
developing CCS solutions for FPSOs, which is essential to
enable significant GHG emissions reductions from FPSOs
and represents the greatest potential for reducing their
carbon footprint.
Diversification
SBM Offshore continually provides solutions that create
value, meet specified performance targets, and offer high
levels of delivery assurance. This comprehensive approach
not only supports the successful execution of challenging
projects but also strengthens the foundation for long-term
partnerships. Among the various solutions contributing to a
net-zero economy, SBM Offshore is actively developing
carbon capture technologies for industrial users, as well as
lower-carbon energy generation and renewable energy
solutions, including floating offshore wind and solar power.
Research and Development (R&D)
SBM Offshore remains dedicated to its core activities while
advancing toward a net-zero future by developing
competitive technological solutions that significantly
reduce emissions and enhance the efficiency of traditional
O&G production. Additionally, SBM Offshore invests in
R&D of new ocean infrastructure solutions while building
strategic partnerships to develop promising sectors, such
as offshore renewable energy, ammonia and hydrogen
production, and alternative CCS methods for carbon-
intensive industries. SBM Offshore actively innovates and
proposes to the market scientifically proven low-emission
products and alternative future-focused energy technology
solutions needed for a more sustainable tomorrow.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 103]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 103
CLIMATE NEUTRAL
100% GREEN ENERGY
SCOPE 1 & 2 SCOPE 3
Downstream Leased Assets
available to the market by 2025
50% GHG INTENSITY REDUCTION
ZERO ROUTINE FLARING
2025
2030
2050
LOWER-CARBON FPSO
NET ZERO BY 2050
OUR NET-ZERO AMBITIONS
Aiming for 100% sourcing of renewable energy by 2030 and considering investments in certified projects to         
compensate any residual GHG emissions from scope 1 and 2. 
Reduce GHG intensity of scope 3 downstream leased assets by 50% by 2030, compared to 2016 as a base year.
Routine flaring of gas considered as flaring during normal oil production operations in the absence of sufficient facilities or      
amenable geology to re-inject the produced gas, utilize it on-site, or dispatch it to a market. Applies to GHG emissions      
from scope 3 downstream leased assets.
2
1 3
1. 
2. 
3. 
2017
Fleet wide flare 
target setting 
started
2021
Intermediate 
targets released
2023
Signing of 
partnership referring 
to CCS with MHI
55% reduction in 
flaring since 2016
38% green energy 
in offices
2030
Ambition of 100% 
renewable energy 
for scope 1 and 2
Ambition of 50% 
GHG intensity 
reduction in 
downstream 
leased assets
2009
Publication of 
emissions
2016
Signing of 1st 
Floating Offshore 
Wind contract
2015
Launch of CO2 
Challenge, 
implementation of 
flaring monitoring
and analysis
2020
Launch of 2050 
ambition and 
emission reduction 
initiatives
2022
Launch of emission 
reduction
initiatives
all-electric drive 
FPSO
Management of 
engagement targets
2024
65% emission reduction 
on scope 1
Sustain notation award 
for FPSO Almirante 
Tamandaré and  
FPSO Liza Unity
2025
Climate neutral for 
scope 1 and 2
Readiness of  
lower-carbon 
FPSO
2050
Net-zero ambition

[page 104]
104 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Expenditures in relation to climate transition and O&G-
r
elated activities
SBM Offshore allocates a portion of its R&D expenses to
the development of renewable energy products and
services, as well as other low-emission products, and the
decarbonization of the O&G value chain20. SBM Offshore
acknowledges that, despite its efforts to enhance the
technological and economic feasibility for scaling up
offshore solutions, the deployment of new technologies in
operational settings and the additional investments
required for renewable energy offshore operations are
contingent upon market demand from the power,
ammonia, hydrogen and other industries. Current priorities
reflect SBM Offshore’s understanding of the business
landscape, which may evolve with future developments and
shifts in the global market’s appetite for new ocean
infrastructure solutions.
The CAPEX related to oil-related activities in 2025 is
presented in in section 4.3.1321. SBM Offshore does not
support coal or non-associated gas activities.
PERFORMANCE
SBM Offshore’s emissions-management approach builds on
many years of continuous improvement. In 2025,
20 The OPEX for t he reporting period are included in section 4.2.1 of the
Financial Statements. A relevant portion of expenses related to Emissions
management at SBM Offshore consists of R&D efforts, disclosed in section
4.3.7.
21 These investments are recorded as additions to ’Vessels and floating
equipment’ and ’Assets under construction’ (subsequently transferred
to ’Vessels and floating equipment’) in section 4.3.13. The expenditures
pertains to investments in FPSOs used for producing, processing, and
storing oil, which are leased to customers under operating leases
according to IFRS. Expenditures related to FPSOs leased under finance
leases according to IFRS are not included in CAPEX.
SBM Offshore maintained its focus on reducing scope 1
and scope 2 emissions, while also working closely wit
h
clients to identify and advance opportunities for scope 3
emissions reductions. To benchmark its operational
environmental performance, SBM Offshore uses IOGP
performance data, which supports target setting, progress
monitoring, and comparison with industry peers.
Performance in 2025 should be viewed in the context of an
atypical operational year, marked by the ramp-up of three
newly commissioned FPSOs. Early operational phases
typically involve higher flaring, increased emissions
intensity, and temporary efficiency losses, all of which
contributed to deviations from standard industry
benchmarks. Despite this context, SBM Offshore continues
to pursue long-term improvements in environmental
performance. SBM Offshore’s 2025 performance results,
compared with IOGP data, are presented below:
• GHG emissions: 145 tCO 2e per 1,000 tonnes
hydrocarbon production (11% above IOGP), influenced
largely by commissioning and ramp-up activities of the
new FPSOs.
• Gas flared: 19 tonnes per 1,000 tonnes hydrocarbon
production (114% above IOGP), reflecting normal,
temporary start-up-related process instabilities.
• Energy consumption: 1.3 GJ per tonne of hydrocarbon
production (15% lower than IOGP), demonstrating
strong underlying energy-efficiency performance despite
the temporary impacts of ramp-up operations.
0.0001
All other Indirect Emissions 
from activities of an
organization.
(ie: occurring up and/or 
down the value chain)
Purchased Goods & 
Services: 0.27 
Business Travel: 0.04
Downstream Leased 
Assets: 7.6
SCOPE 3
All Direct Emissions 
from the activities of 
an organization. 
SCOPE 1
GAS CONSUMPTION
& GENERATORS 
Indirect Emissions 
from 
electricity purchased
 and used by an
organization.
0.002 (location based)
0.0007 (market based)
SCOPE 2
PURCHASED ELECTRICITY
SBM OFFSHORE TOTAL EMISSIONS 7.9 
GHG EMISSIONS  
(MILLION TONNES CO 2 EQUIVALENT)
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 105]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 105
GHG Emissions
SBM Of
fshore calculates its GHG emissions based on the
guidelines from the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard and
Corporate Value Chain Standard. SBM Offshore uses the
most recent Global Warming Potential (GWP) values
published by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change (IPCC), focusing on a 100-year time horizon to
convert non-CO2 gases into carbon dioxide equivalent
(CO2e) emissions. Detailed information about the
methodologies and emission factors is disclosed in section
3.7.2. In 2025, SBM Offshore reported a total of 7.9 million
tonnes of CO2e, which includes scope 1, scope 2, and
scope 3 emissions.
Scope 1 – Direct Emissions
In 2025, scope 1 emissions accounted for virtually 0% of
total emissions, amounting to 79 tonnes of CO2e, of which
54 tonnes relate to gas consumption and 25 tonnes relate
to the use of diesel-powered backup generators. This was a
reduction of 53% compared with 2024, primarily driven by
the relocation from the Schiedam office to Rotterdam. In
2025, SBM Offshore completed the transition from its
former office in Schiedam to a more energy-efficient office
in Rotterdam, where gas-based heating was replaced with a
city heating system using energy from waste.
SBM Offshore compensated for the remaining scope 1
emissions using verified carbon credits, detailed in 'GHG
removals and carbon pricing'.
Scope 2 – Purchased Electricity (location based)
In 2025, SBM Offshore purchased a total of 5,437 MWh of
electricity, resulting in location-based emissions of 1,899
tonnes of CO2e. This figure represents an 8% reduction
compared to 2024, together with an 11% overall reduction
in electricity consumption. The improvement was driven not
only by the enhanced energy efficiency of the new
Rotterdam office but also by broader operational efficiency
measures implemented across SBM Offshore. These
included optimized occupancy, the continued adoption of
hybrid working practices that reduce operational loads, and
ongoing improvements in lighting efficiency and IT power-
management across multiple locations.
The emissions are calculated based on the average energy
mix and the resulting emissions factor for each location,
disclosed in section 3.7.2.
Scope 2 – Purchased Electricity (market based) 
SBM Offshore has committed to becoming GHG neutral by
2025 and aims to utilize 100% renewable energy for its own
operations (scope 1 and scope 2) by 2030, having achieved
a 80% emissions reduction to date compared to its 2016
baseline. To reach these goals, SBM Offshore is primarily
sourcing renewable energy for office-related operations,
either through green electricity supply agreements or by
using Ener
gy Attribute Certificates (EACs). 
In 2025, SBM Offshore achieved 100% renewable energy
use in five offices by purchasing green electricity directly
from suppliers: Amsterdam, Rotterdam, Rio de Janeiro,
Monaco and Marly. For other locations – including offices in
Houston, Kuala Lumpur, Porto, Singapore, Shanghai,
Bangalore, shorebases in Santos, and the Test and
Development Center (T&DC)22 – SBM Offshore sourced
renewable energy through unbundled EACs. In markets
where renewable energy was not accessible, such as
Luanda, Georgetown, and Malabo, SBM Offshore
compensates for the remaining emissions by purchasing
verified carbon credits, as detailed in ’GHG removals and
carbon pricing’.
Scope 2 market-based emissions made up 0.01% of total
emissions in 2025, amounting to 708 tCO2e, a reduction of
16% compared with 2024. This change is primarily driven by
reduced electricity demand following the transition to the
more energy-efficient Rotterdam office, complemented by
additional operational efficiency measures implemented in
India, Guyana, and other locations.
Scope 3 – Purchased Goods and Services
The construction period for an SBM Offshore FPSO
normally comprises up to three years. SBM Offshore
applies the GHG Protocol average‑data method to
estimate FPSO project emissions and uses a pragmatic
approach to identify the most emission‑intensive
components and materials. The GHG emissions for the
assets under construction are estimated using the
finance‑reported percentage‑of‑completion (POC) for the
Hull (MPF) and the Topsides23 in the reporting period,
following the methodology described in section 3.7.2.
In 2025, SBM Offshore had two MPFs, two topsides24, and
one FSO under construction, resulting in 266,257 tCO2e, or
3.4% of the total emissions. This represents a 1% reduction
compared to 2024.
Scope 3 – Business Travel
In 2025, air travel-related emissions accounted for 0.5% of
total emissions, totalling 36,096 tCO2e, an increase of 5%
compared with 2024. The rise in emissions reflects an uptick
in business activities, including projects and commissioning
activities that necessitated key staff taking long-distance
flights.
22 T est & Development Center (T&DC) was formerly named Carros
Laboratory.
23 Hull is the floating structure that provides buoyancy and houses essential
systems such as storage tanks and machinery spaces, serving as the
foundation for the topsides, which contain processing equipment.
24 For the reporting period, estimated GHG emissions from only one topside
under construction were recognized within Scope 3 - Purchased Goods
and Services, consistent with the methodology described in 3.7.2.

[page 106]
106 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Scope 3 – Downstream Leased Assets
Emissions fr
om downstream leased assets (FPSOs) continue
to represent the largest share of SBM Offshore’s carbon
footprint, accounting for 96.2% of total emissions, or 7.6
million tonnes of CO2e in 2025. The 11% increase
compared with 2024 is primarily attributed to the startup
phase of three newly commissioned units during the
reporting period. During these early operational stages,
FPSO equipment typically operates under sub-optimal
conditions while production systems stabilize, resulting in
higher flaring and less efficient combustion, which
temporarily increases emissions.
Relative to the 2016 baseline – when the GHG intensity of
downstream leased assets was 202 tCO2e per 1,000 tonnes
of hydrocarbon produced – SBM Offshore achieved a 28%
reduction, reaching 145 tCO2e per 1,000 tonnes in 2025.
Despite this long-term improvement, the 2025 intensity
performance was 11% above the IOGP industry benchmark,
reflecting the temporary impact of ramp-up activities of the
new units. Although the new FPSO units are designed for
higher energy efficiency, the combined effect of three
simultaneous rampup periods led to an overall increase in
emissions intensity for the year.
The energy intensity of downstream leased assets was 15%
below the IOGP benchmark, demonstrating SBM Offshore’s
sustained commitment to operational efficiency. Lower
energy intensity directly contributes to improved emissions
performance as production stabilizes. Detailed information
on energy consumption volumes is provided in section
3.6.1.
SBM Offshore acknowledges that operating and upcoming
FPSOs lead to locked-in emissions – emissions that are
expected to occur over the asset’s lifetime due to the long-
term natur
e of O&G projects. To enable significant
emissions reductions for new FPSOs, SBM Offshore plans
to improve communication on the lower-carbon features of
its latest FPSO design. However, the adoption of
technologies and features aimed at improving emission
efficiency will depend on market dynamics and clients’
financial appetite and acceptance.
In its efforts to optimize operations and reduce emissions
on the FPSOs where SBM Offshore provides operations
and maintenance, SBM Offshore has set a flaring target of
1.86 million standard cubic feet per day (mmscf/d) as the
fleet average for 202525. In the year, SBM Offshore achieved
a gas flaring rate of 1.12 mmscf/d in 2025, a result
reinforced by the continued focus on minimizing unplanned
events within its operated fleet.
Energy Consumption and Mix
SBM Offshore recognizes that reducing operational CO2
emissions requires ongoing efforts to improve energy and
resource efficiency, along with a clear understanding of its
energy consumption per location and operation. This
section summarizes the total energy consumption for own
operations, noting an increase in the share of energy
sourced from renewables since 2016, which is the base year
for SBM Offshore’s GHG emissions targets. Detailed
information about energy consumption by source and
location, as well as energy production data, is available in
section 3.6.1.1.
25 This tar get specifically addresses non-routine flaring associated with
process shutdowns and operational upsets that SBM Offshore can
influence.
Energy consumption related to scope 1 and 2 emissions 2024 2025 Target (2030)
Total energy consumption (MWh) 7,094 5,972 100% source from
r
enewable
sources
Total energy consumption from fossil sources (MWh) 2,479 1,845
Total energy consumption from renewable sources (MWh) 4,615 4,127
Gross scope 1, scope 2, and scope 3 GHG emissions
This sect
ion summarizes SBM Offshore’s annual GHG
emissions compared with the baseline year and outlines
targets for emission reduction. The scope 3 target
specifically focuses on emissions intensity from downstream
leased assets, as emissions from FPSO operations
represent most of the overall scope 3 emissions. Therefore,
improving performance in this area is crucial for
SBM Offshore to align with industry decarbonization
pathways and climate goals.
The focus on reducing FPSOs’ emissions intensity is
reinforced by emerging policies and global industry
initiatives, including the World Bank’s Zero Routine Flaring
by 2030 Init
iative, the Global Methane Pledge, the Oil &
Gas Methane Partnership 2.0, and the IOGP Energy
Transition Framework. These initiatives promote lower-
carbon offshore operations and emphasize the importance
of addressing emissions where they have the most
significant impact.
Detailed GHG emissions data for scope 1, scope 2 and
scope 3 (per category) by location, along with emissions
intensity data, are available in section 3.6.1.1.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 107]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 107
GHG Emission Baseline (2016) 2024 2025 Target (2030)
Scope 1 (tonnes CO2e) 222 169 79 100% Green energy1
Scope 2 (tonnes CO2e) locat ion-based 3,582 2,061 1,899
Scope 2 (tonnes CO2e) market-based 3,582 839 708 100% Green energy1
Scope 3 Downstream leased assets – GHG intensity
(kg CO2e/tonnes HC) IOGP 202 118 145 50% reduction
Scope 3 Downstream leased assets – GHG intensity
(kg CO2 e/BOE) 28.3 16.5 20.4 50% reduction
1 Applicable to emissions related to offices and subject to availabil ity of green energy for the scope.
GHG Removals and Carbon Pricing
In 2025, SBM Of
fshore cancelled 787 tCO2e in remaining
scope 1 and scope 2 market-based emissions by
purchasing carbon credits certified under the Verified
Carbon Standard (VCS). This action aligns with the best
practices for carbon management outlined by the
International Carbon Reduction and Offset Alliance
(ICROA) Program, based on which SBM Offshore has
committed to compensating for its remaining residual
emissions using high-quality carbon credits.
The carbon credits used to offset residual office-related
emissions in 2025 were sourced from the VCS-certified
Dutch Biogas Projects in the Netherlands. These projects
capture and utilize biogas produced from residual products
from the food industry and manure, preventing methane
emissions that would otherwise be released into the
atmosphere. By converting recovered biogas into
renewable energy, the projects deliver measurable
reductions in GHG emissions. Beyond their positive climate
impact, the projects also strengthen local waste-
management practices, support circularity within the
agricultural sector, and create positive socio-economic
benefits for surrounding communities.
All emissions reductions were independently verified under
the VCS, ensuring the credibility, accuracy, and traceability
of the carbon credits. SBM Offshore remains committed to
prioritizing emissions reductions wherever possible and
offsetting unavoidable residual office-related emissions
with high-quality, independently verified carbon credits that
generate meaningful environmental and social co-benefits.
Currently, SBM Offshore assesses carbon-related risks and
opportunities but does not integrate an internal carbon
price into its financial or operational decision-making
processes. SBM Offshore continuously monitors policy and
regulatory developments and industry best practices to
evaluate the potential relevance of carbon pricing as a tool
for future climate-related risk management and strategy
development.
FUTURE
SBM Of
fshore is committed to advancing its
decarbonization efforts through targeted initiatives:
• Scope 1 and 2 emissions: continue to prioritize energy
efficiency improvements and increase the use of
electricity from renewable sources across onshore
facilities. In locations where renewable supply is not yet
available, SBM Offshore is evaluating opportunities for
on-site renewable energy generation to further reduce
emissions.
• Scope 3 emissions: to support continued reductions in
GHG emissions from O&M service agreements,
SBM Offshore remains actively engaged with internal
stakeholders and clients to minimize flaring and improve
energy efficiency by leveraging digital tools.

[page 108]
108 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
3.2.3 DECOMMISSIONING
ESRS 2 SBM-2; SBM-3; IRO-1; MDR-P; MDR-A; MDR-M; MDR-T
 SBM Offshore has identified key material impacts, risks,
and opportunities (IRO) related to decommissioning
resulting from the DMA. This information guides
SBM Of
fshore in continuously improving the management
of decommissioning in its operations, as further discussed
in this section.
Decommissioning material impacts, risks, and opportunities
IRO IRO description Value chain position Time horizon
Decommissioning
Positive impact
Developing a safer removal of hazardous materials plan that helps to
incr
ease responsible decommissioning practices in SBM Offshore’s value
chain and reduce potential environmental impacts.
own activities short- and
med
ium-term
Opportunity
Applying the circularity principles in the decommissioning plan in order,
for example, to maximize t
he circularity and possible mitigation of
operational and financial exposure.
own activities short- and
med
ium-term
Negative
impact
Potential occurrence of negative environmental and social impacts during
t
he decommissioning process, including those related to hazardous
materials removal and waste generation.
own activities short- and
med
ium-term
Risk High cost of a responsible decommissioning process, including potential
delays due to compl
iance with Legal and Regulatory Framework own activities short- and
med
ium-term
OUR APPROACH
Pol
icies and Governance
SBM Offshore is committed to the safe and environmentally
responsible recycling of assets at the end of their lifecycle.
This commitment aligns with its Responsible Recycling
Policy, which adheres to the International Convention for
the Safe and Environmentally Sound Recycling of Ships (the
‘Hong Kong Convention’)26, as well as the EU Regulation
1257/201327 on ship recycling or equivalent standards. To
achieve this, SBM Offshore collaborates with specialized
suppliers and ship recycling facilities that meet strict
requirements. These include having the appropriate
infrastructure, qualified personnel, demonstrating
compliance with the United Nations Guiding Principles on
Business and Human Rights (UNGP) and applicable
international regulations, and having an effective
management system in place that incorporates satisfactory
health and safety procedures.
During each project, experts inspect assets to identify
hazardous materials and oversee their controlled removal
and disposal. Through these measures, SBM Offshore aims
to minimize negative environmental and social impacts
while maximizing opportunities for circular economy
practices in vessel decommissioning and recycling.
SBM Offshore has established processes that outline the
26 The Hong Kong Convent ion aims to ensure safe and environmentally
sound recycling of ships. It was developed with input from International
Maritime Organization (IMO) Member States and non governmental
organizations, and in co-operation with the International Labour
Organization and the Parties to the Basel Convention on the Control of
Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal.
Detailed information is available at IMO website
27 Regulation (EU) No 1257/2013 of the European Parliament and of the
Council of 20 November 2013 on ship recycling and amending Regulation
(EC) No 1013/2006 and Directive 2009/16/EC Text with EEA relevance.
key steps for safely decommissioning offshore production
facil
ities and supporting responsible recycling.
SBM Offshore provides for the demobilization costs
associated with the vessels and floating equipment at the
end of their operating lease periods, in accordance with
contractual terms. These provisions are disclosed in the
Financial Statements28.
The Decommissioning and Recycling subject matter expert
is assigned to the Group Decommissioning Manager, while
governance on the topic is overseen by the Managing
Director of Operations, who is also a member of the
Executive Committee.
PERFORMANCE
In 2025, SBM Offshore advanced its approach to
responsible asset lifecycle management by strengthening
project preparation and reducing execution risks.
SBM Offshore developed strategic decommissioning and
recycling plans for offshore production facilities expected
to cease production by 2029, excluding the 
Thunder Hawk
FPU and FPSO Aseng units, whose divestment was
completed in December 2025. These plans provided key
evidence supporting the 2025 Decommissioning and
Recycling Group Balance Scorecard (GBSC) performance.
The related metric definitions were reviewed by both the
Management Board and the Supervisory Board.
Additionally, after completing the Deep Panuke MOPU
Production Field Center recycling project in 2024,
28 The balance for demobil ization provisions is documented in section 4.3.24,
and the accounting policy for demobilization obligations is informed in
4.2.7.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 109]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 109
SBM Offshore advanced its activities in 2025 by progressing
wit
h the recycling of FPSO Capixaba. This project is
currently underway, following industry-leading policies and
best practices.
FPSO Capixaba
The FPSO Capixaba was successfully towed in 2024, in
compliance with applicable regulations, including the Basel
Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements
of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal, and the EU
Regulation 1013/200629 on shipments of waste. The vessel
was delivered to the M.A.R.S. ship recycling facility at the
Port of Frederikshavn in Denmark, which holds an
International Ready for Recycling Statement of Compliance
issued by the American Bureau of Shipping.
Recycling activities progressed throughout 2025 under the
oversight of SBM Offshore, with the vessel safely moored
and allocated on the ramp as planned. The project has now
entered its final phase, which includes decontamination,
disposal, and dismantling, with completion anticipated in
2026. The 
FPSO Capixaba recycling project marks a
significant milestone for SBM Offshore, reflecting the
collective efforts and investments of employees, partners,
and suppliers to facilitate efficient and environmentally
responsible decommissioning.
Industry Collaboration
SBM Offshore actively participates in decommissioning and
recycling forums to share expertise and insights with key
stakeholders. Since 2023, SBM Offshore has co-chaired the
IOGP FPSO Decommissioning Expert group and, in 2025,
joined the IOGP Decommissioning Standing Committee,
which aims to develop and promote best practices for safe,
environmentally responsible, and cost-efficient
decommissioning of O&G assets. Key activities at the IOGP
decommissioning working groups include:
• Sharing best practices and lessons learned from the
experiences of IOGP members.
• Developing guidelines for FPSO decommissioning and
recycling.
• Enhancing supply chain availability and readiness by
compiling decommissioning demand forecast data.
• Collaborating with external experts, NGOs and
stakeholders to align expectations and establish
29 Regulat ion (EC) No 1013/2006 of the European Parliament and of the
Council of 14 June 2006 on shipments of waste.
common standards, decommissioning policy and
guidance worldwide.
FUTURE
In 2026, SBM Of
fshore will advance its commitment to safe
and environmentally responsible recycling of the FPSO
Capixaba in Denmark. SBM Offshore aims to improve the
decommissioning and recycling performance of its fleet by
focusing on rigorous project planning, streamlining and
standardizing management systems, and incorporating
best practices for continuous improvement. These efforts
reinforce SBM Offshore’s strategic focus on sustainability,
operational excellence, and risk mitigation in all of its
decommissioning and recycling operations.
3.2.4 EU TAXONOMY DISCLOSURES
ESRS E1
DISCLOSURES PURSUANT TO ARTICLE 8 OF
REGULATION 2020/852/EU (TAXONOMY
REGULATION)
The Taxonomy Regulation establishes a common
classification system within the EU to identify
environmentally sustainable activities. These activities must
support at least one of the six environmental objectives:
climate change mitigation, climate change adaptation,
protection of water and marine resources, promotion of a
circular economy, pollution prevention and control, and
protection of biodiversity and ecosystems.
In conformity with the Regulation, SBM Offshore identifies
activities that are eligible under the Taxonomy, assesses
their alignment with the technical screening, do no
significant harm (DNSH), and the minimum safeguard
criteria, and discloses the proportion of its Turnover,
CAPEX, and OPEX linked to Taxonomy-eligible activities.
Details on how SBM Offshore evaluates the eligibility and
alignment of its activities, along with the methodology and
definitions of the Taxonomy financial KPIs, can be found in
section 3.7.2.
TAXONOMY AT SBM OFFSHORE
The following table shows the proportion of EU Taxonomy-
eligible economic activities for SBM Offshore in 2025 and
2024 across the three financial KPIs: Turnover, CAPEX, and
OPEX.

[page 110]
110 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Summary of EU Taxonomy Eligibility − disclosure covering years 2025 and 2024
Turnover CAPEX OPEX
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES (%) 0% 0.4% 16.4% 21.4% 11.8% 19.6%
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM) 0% 0.4% 16.4% 21.4% 11.6% 19.6%
4.3 Electricity generation from wind power 0% 0.4% 0% 0% 0% 0%
7.7 Acquisition or ownership of buildings 0% 0% 16.4% 21.4% 0% 0%
9.1 Close to market research, development and innovation 0% 0% 0% 0% 11.6% 19.6%
Circular Economy (CE) 0% 0% 0% 0% 0.2% 0%
5.3 Preparation for re-use of end-of-life products and product
components 0% 0% 0% 0% 0.2% 0%
TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES (%) 100% 99.6% 83.6% 78.6% 88.2% 80.4%
Total (in millions of US$) 5,903 4,784 83 129 55 53
The OPEX related to eligible activities under ’CCM 9.1
Close to market r
esearch, development, and innovation’
decreased from US$10.2 million in 2024 to US$6.4 million in
2025. This declining trend, observed since 2023, is primarily
driven by reduced investments in floating offshore wind
(FOW) initiatives. As of 2024, these activities have largely
transitioned to Ekwil, a non-consolidated joint venture
established with Technip (50/50) dedicated to advancing
FOW power development. The eligible OPEX in 2025
mainly reflects R&D activities in other renewable energy
and lower-carbon technologies as well as carbon capture
and storage solutions.
The CAPEX associated with eligible activities under ’CCM
7.7 Acquisition or ownership of buildings’ also declined,
from US$26.4 million in 2024 to US$13.7 million in 2025. The
higher level in 2024 was primarily linked to the lease
agreement for the new office space in Rotterdam.
SBM Offshore did not generate Turnover from eligible
activities in 2025.
Despite the limited alignment of SBM Offshore’s activities
with the EU Taxonomy classification system, SBM Offshore
remains strongly committed to the decarbonization of the
O&G industry. SBM Offshore continues to invest in the
design and development of lower-carbon FPSOs. While
these investments play a critical role in reducing emissions
in a hard‑to‑abate industry, they are not Taxonomy-
eligible, as O&G activities currently fall outside the scope of
the regulation.
SBM Offshore understands that O&G continue to have an
important role in the global economy and across industrial
value chains. When produced responsibly, they can also
serve as a significant source of income for emerging and
developing economies, supporting a transition towards
climate neutrality. More details on SBM Offshore’s
decarbonization initiatives are presented in section 3.2.2.
The tables in section 3.6.1.2 disclose the proportion of
CAPEX and OPEX for pr
oducts or services related to
Taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the reporting
period, in accordance with Article 8 of Regulation
2020/852/EU and the template for KPIs of non-financial
undertakings set by Commission Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2023/2486. As clarified in the final table of section
3.6.1.2 consistent with the disclosure requirements of
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214,
SBM Offshore has no eligible nuclear or fossil gas activities.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 111]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 111
3.3 SOCIAL INFORMA TION
3.3.1 OUR PEOPLE
ESRS 2 SBM-2; SBM-3; IRO-1, and ESRS S1
MATERIAL IMPACTS, RISKS, AND
OPPORTUNITIES (IRO)
SBM Offshore has identified key material impacts, risks and
opportunities related to Our People resulting from the
DMA. This information guides SBM Offshore in
cont
inuously improving the management of Our People
issues associated with its operations and value chain, as
further discussed in this section.
Our People material impacts, risks and opportunities
IRO IRO description Value chain position Time horizon
Our People
Positive impact Increased employee satisfaction. own activities short-term
Opportunity
Higher attraction of talents and new workforce to work in new era of
r
enewables and more digital energy industry. own activities short-term
Higher employee engagement from standardized and improved ways of
working and str
engthened collaboration. own activities short-term
Risk
Potential inability to retain SBM Offshore’s employees based on working
cond
itions, including stress issues. own activities short-term
Potential hazard of harassment or discrimination due to nationality,
gender
, ethnicity, social and legal status, race, religion, or other protected
status, in SBM Offshore’s own workforce.
own activities short-term
OUR APPROACH
Pol
icies and Governance
SBM Offshore places its people at the core of its activities,
emphasizing their role in driving excellence and creating
lasting value. SBM Offshore’s strategy focuses on
sustainable and collaborative work environments to
develop employees’ skills and support growth and
fulfillment. This commitment is reflected in policies30
grounded in SBM Offshore’s core Values and Code of
Conduct, updated in July 2025, which promotes an ethical,
inclusive and transparent culture, essential for sustainable
performance and stakeholder trust. These policies include
those on inclusion, diversity, equity, data protection, Speak
Up, and human rights, supported by ongoing training and
communication initiatives.
The responsibility for overseeing Our People policies and
processes rests with the Group HR Director, who is also a
member of the Executive Committee.
PERFORMANCE
Our People at a Glance
As of December 31, 2025, SBM Offshore employed 8,178
people across 23 countries on five continents.
30 SBM Of fshore is committed to conducting business in accordance with the
United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights
(UNGPs), International Labour Organization (ILO) Conventions and OECD
Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises to embed human rights
throughout the organization, with the aim of achieving no harm to either
SBM Offshore’s people or workers in the value chain. Human Rights
Standards is aligned with these principles and frameworks.
The workforce is also divided by workplace:
•
67% work onshore and 33% offshore.
• 68% are in the age group 30-50 years old.
• 23% are women.
• Most employees are located in Brazil (32%).
In 2025, among the 1,110 employees hired:
• 61% are aged 30-50 years old.
• 32% are women.
• 66 nationalities.
Employee Engagement and Value Proposition
SBM Offshore conducted its biennial Pulse Survey in 2025,
achieving an employee engagement score of 88% with high
participation across demographics, including offshore
employees. The engagement strategy is leadership-driven
and integrates insights from surveys and employee lifecycle
touchpoints, including global and local town halls.
SBM Offshore updated its Employee Value Proposition
(EVP) in 2025 to align with the new corporate narrative,
adopting the strapline ’Your Growth. Our Future’. This EVP
emphasizes creating experiences that unlock employee
growth and supports attraction and retention efforts. The
updated EVP was launched at an HR seminar in May 2025,
with an activation plan integrating concrete actions
throughout the employee journey.
Competency-Based Management
In 2025, SBM Offshore successfully deployed the Job and
Competency Referential (JCR), defining role descriptions,

[page 112]
112 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
grade ranges and competencies across the organization.
The next phase planned for 2026 involves integrat
ing this
referential into the Learning Management System and
Career Path modules. This approach fosters a culture of
self-development where employees actively participate in
their growth, supported by a leadership committed to the
development of their people. The transformation aims to
enhance engagement, attract new talent, improve
retention, and provide transparent career opportunities and
consistent development paths.
Workforce Optimization Initiatives
SBM Offshore promotes standardized and collaborative
practices to optimize the professional environment and
value talent as performance drivers. The Fast4Flex project
focuses on restructuring the contingent workforce,
approximately 16.5% of total payroll, supporting flexibility
and specialized expertise. The project completed its
initiation and planning phase in 2025 and entered
execution. The Global Workforce Planning (GWP) project
enables effective planning, deployment, and support of
people to meet business needs. Additionally, the
Corporate and Business Solutions Center (CBSC) expanded
global
ly in 2025, enabling teams to leverage expertise and
share best practices internationally. Remuneration practices
ensure fair and adequate pay aligned with local laws and
benchmarks, using the Hay methodology to minimize
gender pay gaps. Work-life balance initiatives include
competitive benefits, family support, flexible working
arrangements, and paid social leave tailored to local needs.
Inclusion, Diversity, and Equity (IDE)
In 2025, SBM Offshore conducted an internal awareness
campaign to strengthen understanding and importance of
Inclusion, Diversity and Equity (IDE), further to the update
of the IDE Policy in 2024. Concrete initiatives included
learning awareness campaigns, diversity ambassador
training, and integration of key IDE indicators into
management practices. These efforts have enhanced a
culture of inclusion and respect while actively combating
discrimination and harassment. Evaluation practices now
incorporate IDE reflections to promote accountability, and
recruitment processes have been strengthened to embed
IDE principles in talent attraction and onboarding.
COUNTRY GRAND TOTAL
ANGOLA 553
BRAZIL 2343
CHINA 362
GUYANA 963
INDIA 751 
WORLDWIDE 62 
MALAYSIA 490
MONACO 895
NETHERLANDS 801
PORTUGAL 533 
SINGAPORE 284 
SWITZERLAND (LOCAL) 53
OTHER COUNTRIES 88
GRAND TOTAL 8178
ANGOLA 
553
CHINA
362
INDIA
751
MONACO
895
SWITZERLAND
53
THE NETHERLANDS
801
PORTUGAL
533
MALAYSIA
490
SINGAPORE
284
BRAZIL 
2343
GUYANA 
963
GLOBAL WORKFORCE DISTRIBUTION
SBM Offshore offices with less than 50 employees are not included.
FUTURE
SBM Of
fshore’s recent deployment of Competency-Based
Management marks a profound transformation in
SBM Offshore’s human capital management. SBM Offshore
plans to deepen its learning culture by embedding
competency-based approaches throughout the HR cycle,
guided by the 70/20/10 learning model emphasizing
learning by doing, from others, and formal training as
needed. The ongoing integrat
ion of competency referential
tools is expected to further empower employees’ self-
development, strengthen engagement and satisfaction,
support talent attraction and enhance retention through
transparent career paths and equitable work practices.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 113]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 113
3.3.2 HEALTH, SAFETY AND SECURITY
ESRS 2 SBM-2; SBM-3; IRO-1, and ESRS S1-14
MATERIAL IMPACTS, RISKS, AND
OPPORTUNITIES (IRO)
SBM Offshore has identified key material impacts and risks
related to Health, Safety and Security resulting from the
DMA. This information guides SBM Offshore in
cont
inuously improving the management of Health, Safety
and Security issues associated with its operations and value
chain, as further discussed in this section.
Health, Safety and Security material impacts and risks
IRO IRO description Value chain position Time horizon
Health, Safety and Security
Positive impact Embedding safe working conditions. own activities short-term
Risk
Potential work-related fatalities, injuries, and illnesses due to acute or
chr
onic exposure to activity-related hazards, which may pose human
capital, reputational and financial risks.
own activities
and
downstr
eam
and upstream
value chain
short-term
Potential oil spills due to acute or chronic exposure to activity-related
hazar
ds, which may pose environmental, reputational and financial risks. own activities short-term
OUR APPROACH
Pol
icies and Governance
Recognizing the nature of its business, SBM Offshore has
adopted a Sustainability Policy, integrating commitments
across Health, Occupational Safety, Process Safety, Security,
Environmental Stewardship, Human Rights, and Social
Impact Management.
SBM Offshore strives to maintain an injury-free workplace
for all personnel – employees, contractors, and
subcontractors – by managing risks and critical controls at
every organizational level. Risks are identified and assessed
throughout the lifecycle of projects, with controls
implemented to minimize incidents, including major
accidents and their consequences.
SBM Offshore has established a Management System
Assurance framework that adheres to the standards for
which the Organization is certified and compliant.
SBM Offshore is certified by the International Safety
Management Code (ISM), the International Ship and Port
Security (ISPS) and ISO 9001:2015. The management
system is also compliant with the ISO 14001:2015 and ISO
45001:2018. To uphold high standards of integrity and
transparency, SBM Offshore engages accredited third-party
or independent, qualified auditors to perform
comprehensive periodic external audits, which covers the
root cause assessment of the identified non-conformities,
as well as preventive and corrective actions to stimulate
continuous improvement (see section 3.6.4 – Certification
table).
SBM Offshore is committed to its Target Excellence
ambit
ion, focusing on three core objectives: No Harm, No
Defects, and No Leaks. This ambition safeguards people
(both SBM Offshore employees and contractors) and assets
while addressing environmental and climate impacts. The
key priority is eliminating Fatalities and Permanent
Impairments (FPI). Strategies are aligned with IOGP
recommended practices on FPI prevention and Human
Performance31, reinforcing a safer and more sustainable
workplace.
This commitment is highlighted annually through Life Day,
celebrating and protecting life across SBM Offshore
operations. Every individual has both the right and
responsibility to stop work if activities conflict with the
Sustainability Policy, reinforcing collective accountability for
safety.
Health and safety hazards are managed through a lifecycle
hazard management process integrated within the Global
Enterprise Management System (GEMS). This process
applies to all projects and begins with hazard identification.
Risks are assessed and controlled. When elimination of the
hazard is not feasible, risks are reduced to ALARP (As Low
As Reasonably Practical) levels following the hierarchy of
controls. Continuous monitoring, review, and lessons
learned complete the cycle. Specialized training enables
process effectiveness.
Contractors undergo the supplier qualification request
including prescreening on their health, safety, security, and
31 Human Performance r efers to the ability of individuals to carry out tasks
successfully, efficiently, and safely. It represents the human contribution to
overall system performance and encompasses how people perform their
work within a given context.

[page 114]
114 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
environmental (HSSE) management procedures, as well as
r
eviewing their safety statistics and compliance with
industry standards such as ISO 45001. In addition, all
contractors are required to participate in specialized safety
training programs designed to enhance their competence
and awareness of workplace hazards. These training
sessions cover essential topics such as safety induction,
permit-to-work procedures, and task risk assessments,
enabling contractors to be prepared to operate safely and
effectively within SBM Offshore’s operational environment.
In a world of evolving threats, SBM Offshore prioritizes
security for personnel and assets, conducting risk
assessments for projects in high-risk regions and
implementing tailored security measures. Guidelines,
interactive tools and on-demand training support these
efforts.
SBM Offshore has developed its Emergency Response Plan
Process, available in GEMS, according to the ISM – Code
and ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 standards, which are
standar
ds that SBM Offshore is certified to and complies
with. This covers points such as training, plans and
simulations covering identified scenarios, communication
protocols with stakeholders and the definition of
emergency teams.
Employees’ health and wellbeing programs are managed
at corporate level, reporting to the HSSEQS Director,
ensuring integration of these disciplines into daily
operations, and reinforcing SBM Offshore’s value of Care.
PERFORMANCE
HSSE performance is measured through indicators
benchmarked against the energy sector and internal
analysis. Targets are defined collaboratively by Operations
and Projects Management and approved by the
Management Board. SBM Offshore aims to rank among the
top 10% of IOGP members in Occupational and Process
Safety by 2030.
2025 Targets and performance
Indicator 2025 Target 2025 Performance Details
Fatalities and Permanent Impairments (FPI) 0 0 section 3.7.3
Lost Time Injuries Frequency Rate (LTIFR) na 0.32 na
Tier 1 PSE with more than 3 severity weight points as per API 7541 <1 1 section 3.7.3
Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) <0.50 0.72 section 3.7.3
Occupational Illness Frequency Rate (OIFR)2 na 0.02 section 3.7.3
Security incidents na 13 na
1 Tier 1 Pr ocess Safety Events are further classified using the API 754 Severity Weighting methodology, which scores severity points to each PSE Tier 1 events
based on defined consequence categories.
2 For employees.
SBM Offshore has adopted the IOGP methodology for FPI
pr
evention, updating procedures and KPIs to focus on
achieving zero FPI. While TRIFR is still tracked, it is no
longer a target but a reference for benchmark purposes.
Monthly reports and critical analysis are performed and
shared to track the results and assess the HSSE programs’
effectiveness. Critical analysis promotes corrective actions
whenever they are needed. HSSE campaigns and
promotions are implemented to raise awareness about
Safety and reinforce a learning culture.
In 2025 SBM Offshore further expanded its HSSE and
Process Safety initiatives:
Health
• Redesign of the global medical surveillance program
(medical protocols based on health risk assessment HRA
and local regulations alignments).
• Mental Health and Wellbeing framework has been
embedded in GEMS, support
ing a structured wellbeing
matters program in each company location.
• Introduction of a new digital solution for mental health
promotion and supported global roll out, available for all
employees, contractors and families (Kyan Health App)
with almost 900 people actively using the program.
• Wellbeing champions continuous training plan
implemented, with new volunteers trained and refresher
courses run for existing ones.
• Monthly health promotion agenda deployed globally,
fostering a culture of wellbeing, encouraging preventive
care, and empowering employees to take proactive
steps toward healthier lifestyles.
Safety
• Development of a framework to implement Human
Factors32 in the life cycle of SBM Offshore projects, from
32 Human Factors stud ies the interaction between job, individual, and
organizational factors that influence human behaviour and performance.
These factors must be  effectively managed to optimize system outcomes.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 115]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 115
design to decommissioning, aligned with IOGP
Recommended pract
ice 454.
• Investment in training: more than 600 people were
trained in Dropped Objects prevention; more than 100
enrolled in Human Factors technical training, and more
than 150 leaders were trained in the FPI program.
• Revision of the Human Factors and Performance charter
with reinforcement of the principles during Life Day 2025
and along the year during participative safety
campaigns.
• Revision of FPI Instruction and reinforcement of VCC
(Verification of Critical Controls) with more then 300
verifications carried out by leaders recorded in the
system.
• Safety campaigns released in 2025: Dropped object
hazard hunts, psychological safety learning sessions for
leaders, error prone situations identification, barriers
management, contractor’s engagement and Safety
Everywhere (targeting off-the-job safety and offices
personnel).
Human Performance is highly  dependent on the proper management of
Human Factors.
• Several classes of SLIA (Safety Leadership in Action)
training of
fered across the organization, covering the
main ongoing projects.
• Actively participated in the improvement of industry
standards through IOGP work groups focused on FPI
and the Human Performance Subcommittee.
• Implementation of High Value Learning moments where
the lessons learned from the most relevant incidents are
shared with all the employees during live sessions with
open discussions.
• Ensured compliance with certification requirements for
both onshore bases and offshore units.
The following graph illustrates that SBM Offshore’s TRIFR
has consistently remained below the average of the IOGP
since 2018. This achievement is a key component of
SBM Offshore’s commitment to being in the top 10% of the
IOGP benchmark by 2030. Regarding FPI, this KPI only
began to be measured at SBM Offshore in 2024, and since
then there have been no recorded Fatalities or Permanent
Impairment injuries.
2012
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
2013 2014 2015
SBM Offshore IOGP Average IOGP Max IOGP Min
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
TOTAL RECORDABLE INJURY FREQUENCY RATE  
(normalized per 1 million exposure hours)
Security
•
Risk assessments for projects in high-risk areas or
countries, such as Nigeria and Mexico.
• Security guidelines published on the security sharepoint.
• Interactive PowerBi security risk rating map developed
and displayed on the security sharepoint.
• On-demand training developed and delivered for
specific missions in high-risk areas.
• Weekly newsletter on maritime security.
• Specific security plans according to location
characteristics: SBM Offshore established security
mitigations according to the country where its
employees are assigned to work.
Process Safety 
•
Implemented the Group Performance Standard process
review, verifying that appropriate controls are in place
for safety barriers in relation to SBM Offshore’s inherent
hazards.
• Continued to uphold the Hazards and Effects
Management Process (HEMP) by effectively managing
the risks associated with Major Accident Hazards (MAHs)
and their potential Major Accident Events (MAEs).
• Implemented the first four modules of the Process Safety
Training program, including Awareness, Introduction to
PSM, HEMP , Incident classification and Case study.

[page 116]
116 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
• Revision of the Major Hazard Management charter
updat
ing SBM Offshore’s commitments with the
identification, assessment and control of the major
hazards.
Environment
In 2025, SBM Offshore outperformed the IOGP benchmark
(2023 benchmark) on the following two environmental
indicators:
• Number of oil spills to sea per unit of production, as no
oil spills to sea above 1 barrel were reported in 2025.
• Quantity of oil discharges to sea from produced water
per hydrocarbon production which was 2.71 tonnes per
million tonnes of hydrocarbon produced, remaining
77% below the IOGP benchmark value and
outperforming SBM Offshore’s commitment to remain
50% below the IOGP benchmark value.
SBM Offshore continues to prioritize the health, wellbeing,
and safety of its employees. Throughout the year,
SBM Offshore expanded awareness initiatives, training
programs and related activities, while strengthening
process safety measures. These efforts aim to raise
awareness and enhance competencies across the
organization, fostering a culture of care and resilience.
FUTURE
SBM Offshore has defined the following 2026 targets:
• Zero Fatality or Permanent Impairment Injury.
• Zero PSE Tier 1 events with more than 3 severity points,
as per API 754.
SBM Offshore has planned the following key initiatives for
2026, based on critical analysis and a continuous
improvement approach:
• Keep promoting the Target Excellence ambition,
increasing visibility of strategic objectives and adherence
throughout the organization (No Harm. No Defects. No
Leaks).
• Progress in occupational safety with the FPI prevention
program and its related initiatives.
• Implement IOGP Recommended Practice 810: Human
Performance Framework supporting human factors and
performance principles are embedded in the
management system and ful
ly implemented across the
organization.
• Maintain security controls on SBM Offshore’s activities:
continually driving improvements on procedures and
practices to maintain thorough security controls on its
activities.
• Maintain compliance with certification requirements on
shorebases and offshore units.
• Continuing to increase health and wellbeing awareness,
training and related programs.
• Improvement actions for employee mental health and
wellbeing:
◦ Enhance country-specific Wellbeing Matters program.
◦ Maintain and enhance SBM Offshore’s medical
surveillance program for better health and well-being
for all (SDG3).
• Keep developing and enhancing the process safety
management framework by deploying the new versions
of the Group performance standards for Safety and
Environmental Critical Equipment (SECE) in the
execution and operations phase.
• Continue the PSM training program by delivering the
remaining modules.
• Implement the Human Factors Engineering framework
ensuring alignment with IOGP recommended practice
454.
• Keep and enhance Life Day in all projects, operations
and offices.
3.3.3 HUMAN RIGHTS
ESRS 2 GOV-4; SBM-2; SBM-3; IRO-1, and ESRS S2
SBM Offshore has identified key material impacts and risks
related to human rights resulting from the DMA. This
information guides SBM Offshore in continuously
improving the management of human rights issues
associated with its operations and value chain, as further
discussed in this section.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 117]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 117
Human Rights material impacts and risks
IRO IRO description Value chain position Time horizon
Human Rights
Positive impact Embedding respect for human rights and labor rights in SBM Offshore’s
supply chain. own activities short-term
Risk
Potential chronic exposure to salient human right issues ident ified in
SBM Offshore’s supply chain, related to forced labor; overtime, pay and
fines; accommodation; mental health and wellbeing, which may pose
reputational and financial risks.
upstream value
chain
short-term
Potential chronic exposure to hazards related to inadequate work
cond
itions or labor rights violations in SBM Offshore’s supply chain,
influenced by different labor regulations maturity, local contexts and
cultures, which may pose financial risks.
upstream value
chain
short-term
OUR APPROACH
Pol
icies and Governance
SBM Offshore integrates human rights principles
throughout the organization, following responsible
business practices guided by the OECD Guidelines for
Multinational Enterprises and the UN Guiding Principles on
Business and Human Rights (UNGP). SBM Offshore is
committed to operating in accordance with international
human rights guidelines, actively promoting the protection
of fundamental rights outlined in the International Labour
Organization’s (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles
and Rights at Work and the International Bill of Human
Rights. To achieve this, SBM Offshore implements
comprehensive policies and procedures across all
operations to foster a work environment that respects and
upholds the human rights of its workforce and those in its
value chain, while adhering to Minimum Safeguards from
EU Taxonomy in all its operations.
Guided by these international human rights frameworks,
SBM Offshore has established its Corporate Values33,
Human Rights Standards, and Code of Conduct and
Sustainability Policy, approved by the Management Board.
These documents reflect SBM Offshore’s commitments to
managing human rights, which are extendable to suppliers
and contractors. They outline objectives for respecting
internationally recognized human rights in all operations
and promoting workplace practices that protect the health,
safety, security and wellbeing of all workers. Its most recent
versions can be found on the SBM Offshore website and
updates are directly communicated to relevant
stakeholders.
SBM Offshore’s Human Rights Standards, alongside the
Supply Chain Charter, defines SBM Offshore’s minimum
33 SBM Of fshore core values are Integrity, Care, Collaboration and
Ownership, guiding every aspect of SBM Offshore work and providing a
moral compass to ’do the right thing and do things right’. More
information is available at SBM Offshore website.
standards to conduct business operations. The principles of
SBM Of
fshore Human Rights Standards are as follows:
• People are treated with dignity, respect and fairness.
• People are free from any form of modern slavery.
• Child labor shall not be tolerated.
• Working and living conditions are safe, healthy, clean,
and habitable.
• People are provided with a living wage.
• Unfair and unreasonable working hours shall not be
imposed on people.
• People’s right to freedom of association, assembly and
collective bargaining will be respected, in accordance
with local law.
• People are provided access to grievance mechanisms
and remedy.
Every year, SBM Offshore publishes its Modern Slavery
Statement, which reflects the evolving business
environment and details the measures taken to prevent
modern slavery within the organization and its supply chain.
This statement includes information about SBM Offshore’s
organizational structure and supply chains, policies related
to slavery and human trafficking, due diligence processes,
risk assessment and management, KPIs to evaluate the
effectiveness of the implemented measures, and training
regarding modern slavery.
The Group HSSEQS Director – also a member of the
Executive Committee – is ultimately responsible for
managing human rights matters, and leads the Group
Sustainability team, which oversees activities related to
human rights governance, including:
• Continuously reviewing and optimizing internal
procedures and guidelines to prevent and mitigate
human rights risks.
• Establishing human rights targets and evaluating the
effectiveness of the outcomes from key actions.
• Conducting human rights training for the organization
and its supply chain.

[page 118]
118 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
• Facilitating stakeholder engagement with key partners
and suppl
iers, including SBM Offshore’s main
contracting shipyards, clients and lenders.
• Managing and communicating on the find ings from
human rights due diligence activities.
HUMAN RIGHTS PROGRAM: OUR JOURNEY
20172016 2019 2020 20242021 2022 2023 2025
Development of  
Supply Chain  
Charter to 
include 
Human Rights
1st Human Rights 
Audit of Yard
Publish Human Rights 
Standards &  
incorporation of  
Human Rights into 
HSSE Policy
Human Rights
trainings 
company-wide
Integration of Human 
Rights into Supplier 
and Yard Qualification 
process
Introduction of 
Human Rights 
projects  
Castberg Turret 
(Equinor) 
Establish Human 
Rights Program 
and Steering  
Committee
Publish Salient 
Human Rights 
Issues
Embed Human 
Rights
expectation into 
Contracts
Update supply chain charter
Develop specific Human 
Rights training for supply 
chain and yard
Due Diligence Process and Stakeholder Engagement
SBM Of
fshore’s approach to effectively managing human
rights centers around its due diligence process, consisting
of four key steps: engage, assess, act, and close out. This
process is supported by a performance management
system t
hat includes action trackers, outcome-monitoring
dashboards, and reports submitted for senior management
appraisal and approval.
HUMAN RIGHTS DUE DILIGENCE – IN 2025
ENGAGE
• Promote UN Human Rights Day on December 10, to raise awareness and encourage 
engagement among employees, clients, partners, yards, and suppliers. 
• Conduct leadership site visits to FPSO units and yards. 
• Hold monthly meetings with Yards Management in China and Singapore.
• Organize the Vendor Day featuring human rights presentations for suppliers in Brazil 
and Guyana.
• Collaborate with clients and industry peers.
ASSESS
• 100% active shipyards had completed a human rights due diligence assessment. 
• 4 potential new yards qualified using a desktop human rights questionnaire.
• 621 new suppliers assessed using a desktop human rights questionnaire during the 
qualification process.
• 810 new suppliers signed the supply chain charter.
ACT
• Develop and track the implementation of Worker Welfare Action Plans for the yards 
based on findings from the due diligence assessment.
• Conduct visits to yard accommodations, host listening tours, and lead Care Committees 
to identify and address outstanding issues.
• Start conducting on-site supplier audits.
• Validate and follow up improvements with current suppliers.
CLOSE OUT
• Foster close collaboration between Compliance and Sustainability, especially on 
reviewing reports from the Speak Up Line and follow up due diligence.
• Integrate sustainability expertise into supply chain management. 
• Review contractual obligations with yards and suppliers to enhance responsibility for 
human rights management, including updates to the supply charter.
DUE DILIGENCE IDENTIFICATION
OF RISK
PREVENTION,
MITIGATION AND REMEDY
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 119]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 119
Engagement
SBM Of
fshore identifies and maps its stakeholders to
assess potential human rights risks, recognizing that low-
skilled workers and migrant workers among its Tier 1
(direct) suppliers and in construction yards may be
particularly vulnerable stakeholder groups. To better
understand the exposure to these risks and plan corrective
actions, SBM Offshore engages with suppliers and yards
through various initiatives, including:
• Meetings with yards’ management teams.
• Leadership site visits followed by discussions at senior
management level led by the HSSEQS Director.
• Regional Vendor Days, inviting local suppliers to
participate in workshops and discussions on relevant
topics, including potential human rights risks. These
events occur regularly, such as the annual Vendor Day in
Brazil, the biannual Vendor Day in Guyana, and the
worldwide Life Day, held annually in all jurisdictions
where SBM Offshore operates.
• Collaboration with industry peers and ongoing dialogue
to collectively address human rights issues, including
regular gatherings of workgroups such as the Dutch
Human Rights Practitioner Group.
SBM Offshore considers the outcomes of these
engagements when updating its policies and procedures,
as they provide valuable insights into the impacts and
interests of these main stakeholder groups in its value
chain.
Assessment
Despite having established human rights policies and
requirements that align with industry best practices,
SBM Offshore acknowledges that some activities of its
suppliers and subcontractors may occasionally deviate from
its expectations – particularly in areas where local
regulations and enforcement are limited. To enhance
human rights risk management, SBM Offshore applies a
mandatory desktop assessment for new suppliers, provides
improvement guidance for existing suppliers, and conducts
on-site audits along its value chain, with a focus on
construction yards.
SBM Offshore conducts regular audits of active yards using
both internal certified specialists and external independent
consultants. Based on experience with risk monitoring and
incidents management, along with human rights due
diligence carried out on-site in recent years, SBM Offshore
has identified construction yard workers as the most
vulnerable to human rights risks, given the composition of
the workforce and the nature of the work performed. The
assessments have specifically highlighted that workers in
Asia and Southeast Asia – especially migrant workers
performing manual labor and construction activities in
lower-skilled, lower-paid, or subcontracted roles – are more
exposed to t
hese risks.
Potential or actual human rights risks are captured
in SBM Offshore’s risk management system and monitored
regularly. Key risks observed in the yards include:
• Potential exploitation of workers who are charged
inappropriate recruitment fees by employment agencies.
• Work overtime and limited rest periods that fail to meet
national legislation.
• Inadequate accommodation that fails to meet the basic
needs of workers.
In addition to periodic audits, SBM Offshore has integrated
human rights assessment into the supplier and yard
qualification process, in which prospective partners are
screened for alignment with SBM Offshore’s minimum
requirements for environmental, human rights and
governance risk management.
Act and Close Out
For suppliers, when potential human rights risks are
identified through due diligence and periodic
audits, SBM Offshore will initially contact the supplier to
understand the issues, raise awareness and encourage
improvements to prevent and mitigate these risks. This may
involve integrating human rights considerations into
contract agreement to enhance the suppliers’ internal
processes.
For the yards, SBM Offshore collaborates on the
development of Worker Welfare Action Plans to address
outstanding issues identified after the due diligence
assessment. To support this initiative, SBM Offshore has a
global team of HSSE and Human Rights advisors who assist
yards in implementing the action plan deliverables.
Currently, these experts monitor actions related to worker
welfare risks in five active yards, meeting frequently with
yard management to review progress on implementation
and the effectiveness of the actions. Regular interactions in
2025 can include:
• Worker Welfare Listening Tours – regular one-on-one
interviews conducted by SBM Offshore with yard workers
to assess any emerging employment risks identified in
the initial audit. This process involves collecting
feedback on any topics related to labor rights violations;
topics include passport retention, monetary fines or
charged fees, dormitory conditions, among others.
• Care Committee – collaboration between clients and
suppliers to address feedback and initiatives from
contractors, such as providing additional rest areas,
installation of extra fans and additional portable drinking
water locations on site.
• Yard Accommodation Visits – inspection of workers’
accommodation for conformity with national legislation,

[page 120]
120 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
checking aspects such as heating and ventilation, health
and fir
e safety, the provision of minimum space for each
worker, access to potable water, sanitary facilities and
laundry, cooking facilities, and first aid and medical
services, among other basic needs.
Furthermore, SBM Offshore has been improving the
contractual obligations specified with construction yards to
strengthen the management of human rights on projects.
This enhancement includes, in certain cases, appointing a
specialized human rights advisor to be present at the yard.
This advisor is responsible for managing daily interactions
and engaging directly with the workforce.
Grievance Mechanism
SBM Offshore recognizes that having an effective grievance
mechanism is essential for upholding human rights, in line
with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and
Human Rights. The primary channel for individuals and
third parties to report human rights concerns at
SBM Offshore is the Speak Up Line (for details about the
channels, procedures and outcomes refer to sections 2.5.2
and 3.4.1). This line is accessible to all stakeholders who
may be adversely affected by SBM Offshore’s activities,
allowing them to raise concerns and seek resolutions to
workplace issues related to SBM Offshore’s operations. This
channel is also used to monitor, collect feedback and
address raised human rights issues throughout the value
chain.
Additionally, SBM Offshore has implemented an
operational-level grievance mechanism named the ‘Voice
Box’ for its project in Singapore. This mechanism is
specifically designed for contractors to raise concerns
about labor and human rights issues. The ‘Voice Box’ is
accessible via a QR code available on site, enabling
workers to confidentially voice concerns or submit positive
feedback. Their grievances are addressed directly by the
project team or escalated to the yard for resolution. In
2025, the Voice Box contributed to resolving and improving
the monitoring of project-specific issues, including food
quality, timely payments, work environment, and
accommodation.
PERFORMANCE
Capacity Building and Training
SBM Offshore promotes awareness of human rights
through onboarding sessions and training, delivering a
total of 2,379 training hours by the end of
2025. SBM Offshore provides three key training courses on
Human Rights, which were introduced or revised between
2024 and 2025:
• Human Rights Basics – this course is designed to
introduce SBM Offshore employees to human rights
matters. It includes an introduction to situations that may
lead to human rights violations and outlines the
measur
es SBM Offshore takes to mitigate human rights
risks in the supply chain.
• Human Rights for Supply Chain – this course aims to
equip the supply chain community with the knowledge
and skills necessary to understand, identify, and address
human rights violations, particularly those involving
suppliers.
• Worker Welfare for Yards - this course is tailored for
personnel working in a yard environment, which is
considered a potential high-risk location.
Additionally, four internal HSSE staff members have
obtained certifications in Social Accountability auditing,
enhancing SBM Offshore’s capacity to identify human rights
risks as SA8000 auditors, increasing the total number of
trained auditors to five. The SA8000 Standard is a leading
social certification program designed to improve working
conditions and uphold fair treatment and respect for the
human rights of workers worldwide. This certification not
only confirms SBM Offshore’s existing internal knowledge
but also expands its ability to monitor and address issues
identified through due diligence activities.
Metrics and Targets
Since 2016, SBM Offshore has communicated its human
rights commitments and values to suppliers through its
Supply Chain Charter. In 2020, SBM Offshore incorporated
its human rights commitments into the  HSSE Policy and
established its Human Rights Standards. Since
then, SBM Offshore has enhanced its due diligence
processes for both suppliers and its own operations, as
detailed in the Due Diligence and Stakeholder
Engagement section. SBM Offshore will continue to
communicate its human rights requirements to clients and
suppliers to minimize adverse impacts, promote positive
effects, and manage material risks and opportunities.
• 100% of active yards have undergone a human rights
due diligence assessment;
• 100% of active yards with non-conformity items have an
action plan in place;
• 100% of suppliers qualified during the year have signed
the Supply Chain Charter34;
• 100% of ABCD 35criticality suppliers qualified during the
year have been assessed on human rights as part of the
supplier qualification process.
34 Al l suppliers included, irrespective of the criticality (ABCDE).
35 Criticality 'E' is assigned to suppliers and items that do not have critical
issues related to Health and Safety, Environment, Cost, Schedule, or
Reputation criteria, and therefore are not included in the severity and
likelihood criticality rating process. In 2025, suppliers classified under
ABCD criticality represented approximately 76% of the total qualified
suppliers.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 121]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 121
Achievement
Supply Chain
In 2025, al
l 810 qualified suppliers signed
the SBM Offshore Supply Charter and were screened
according to the procedures implemented by the Global
Supply Chain Excellence team. A total of 621 new unique
ABCD criticality suppliers were assessed using a desktop
human rights questionnaire, resulting in the following
human rights risk classifications:
• 620 suppliers were screened as low risk;
• 1 supplier was screened as medium risk;
• 0 suppliers were screened as high risk.
Furthermore, SBM Offshore disqualified one existing
supplier following an investigation carried out in 2025,
which was prompted by a complaint submitted through the
Speak Up line.
New suppliers signing the Supply Chain Charter
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Percentage of new
suppl
iers who signed the
Supply Chain Charter
100% 100% 100% 99.6% 97%
Yards
By t
he end of 2025, all active yards36 had completed a
human rights due diligence assessment, resulting in the
creation of an action plan with mitigation measures to
address identified non-conformities. Among
SBM Offshore’s five active yards, four underwent
reassessments in 2025 due to business audit requirements,
while the fifth was last assessed in 2024. Additional human
rights due diligence assessments were conducted at three
other yards anticipating activities in 2026.
SBM Offshore also qualified four new yards through a
desktop human rights questionnaire, positioning them as
potential prospective partners.
FUTURE
In 2026, SBM Offshore aims to enhance its Human Rights
Management by organizing training and awareness
sessions for suppliers and by continuously improving its
auditing practices. SBM Offshore expects to strengthen the
ongoing collaboration between the Human Rights,
Compliance, and Procurement teams to address human
rights issues raised through the grievance mechanism while
also promoting the integration of a more sustainable
supply chain.
36 An act ive construction yard refers to a facility where construction or
fabrication is ongoing for SBM Offshore products with a subcontract in
place on the initial day of the reporting period.

[page 122]
122 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
3.4 GOVERNANCE INFORMA TION
3.4.1 ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE
ESRS 2 GOV-1; GOV-4; SBM-2; SBM-3; IRO-1, and ESRS S1; S2; G1
MATERIAL IMPACTS, RISKS, AND
OPPORTUNITIES (IRO)
SBM Offshore has identified key material impacts and risks
related to Ethics and Compliance resulting from the DMA.
This information guides SBM Offshore in continuously
impr
oving the management of Ethics and Compliance
issues associated with its operations and value chain, as
further discussed in this section.
Ethics and Compliance material impacts and risks
IRO IRO description Value chain position Time horizon
Ethics and Compliance
Positive impact Embedding responsible business conduct across value chain. own activities short-term
Risk
Potential exposure to hazards of fraud, bribery or corruption, causing
financial penal
ties, reputational damage and other negative
consequences.
own activities
and
downstr
eam
and upstream
value chain
short-term
OUR APPROACH
Pol
icies and Governance
SBM Offshore is committed to conducting its business with
honesty, integrity, and respect for applicable laws across
the communities in which it operates. Strong ethical
conduct is essential to earning and maintaining the trust of
stakeholders and to supporting SBM Offshore’s long-term
sustainable growth.
SBM Offshore maintains a zero-tolerance stance toward
bribery, corruption, fraud, breaches of trade sanctions,
money laundering, and any form of unlawful or unethical
behavior. SBM Offshore’s Values, as described in section
1.3.2, underpin its Code of Conduct, which provides the
overarching framework for expected behaviors and reflects
SBM Offshore’s commitment to responsible business
practices and adherence to Ethics and Compliance
standards. SBM Offshore aims to empower its stakeholders
to make informed decisions consistent with the Code of
Conduct and to uphold the highest ethical standards.
SBM Offshore fosters an open culture built on trust and
transparent communication. In line with its Code of
Conduct and Speak Up Policy, individuals associated with
SBM Offshore – including employees and third parties – are
encouraged to report any concerns regarding potential
violations of applicable laws, the Code of Conduct, or
internal policies. This includes matters that may involve
suspected criminal activity within the scope of
SBM Offshore’s operations.
To support this, SBM Offshore provides dedicated internal
reporting channels, including a confidential Speak Up Line,
which ensures appropriate data protection and strictly
pr
ohibits retaliation against individuals who report concerns
in good faith, in accordance with regulatory requirements.
The Group Compliance Department is responsible for
overseeing and supporting the effective implementation of
ethics and compliance policies, processes and procedures.
The Department reports to the Group General Counsel and
Chief Compliance Officer, who is a member of the
Executive Committee.
For further details on SBM Offshore’s compliance
management approach, refer to section 2.5.2.
PERFORMANCE
As part of performance management processes,
SBM Offshore sets, monitors and reports on compliance
KPIs. Quarterly compliance reports − including follow-up to
action for improvement − are discussed with the
Management Board and the Audit Committee of the
Supervisory Board.
Target and Metrics
In 2025, the targeted completions of e-Learning have been
updated to continue encompassing a larger audience. An
internal enhancement of the new Compliance Program has
been launched and several initiatives were implemented,
such as:
• Launch and completion of Annual Compliance
Statements.
• Migration of all compliance e-Learning modules to the
Learning Management System (LMS), the primary
training platform for workforce.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 123]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 123
• Simpl ification of the e-Learning dashboard for greater
efficiency.
• Expansion of the target audience for e-Learning,
following the 2024 update, to include contractors.
• The onshore Code of Conduct e-Learning structured
into two modules.
Achievements
In 2025, SBM Offshore launched a revamped Code of
Conduct and associated Compliance Policies, including the
Business Ethics Policy, Speak Up Policy and Privacy Policy,
reinforcing the commitment to fostering a strong Ethics
and Compliance culture, upholding adherence to the Code
of Conduct and applicable legislation.
Key achievements include:
• Code of Conduct e-Learnings are requested to all
SBM Offshore workforce, specially on Speak Up and
non-retaliation.
• Implementation of a new Speak Up Line Policy
compliant with the EU Whistleblowing Directive and
applicable national transpositions.
• Design and rollout of a new investigation framework for
handling Speak Up reports, incorporating a risk-based
triage process, clear allocation of responsibilities and
strict segregation of roles.
• Tailored Speak Up and investigation training for HR
leaders and Line Managers.
• Continuous expansion of global geographical presence
of the compliance team in onshore locations.
• Tailored compliance training for all functions with higher
exposur
e to compliance risks, such as Supply Chain
Management, Business Development and Project
Management teams.
• Expanded reach offshore through the Compliance
Ambassadors Program.
• The use of the compliance digital platform for
monitoring Compliance with the following tools:
◦ Fully upgraded Third-Party Risk Management module
with integrated digital screenings for processing and
managing third-party due diligence.
◦ Registration and approval of gifts, hospitality and
entertainment (GHE).
◦ Registration and approval of donations and
sponsorship.
◦ Declaration of (potential) Conflict of Interest.
• Reinstatement of the Annual Compliance Statement
(ACS) campaign in the second half of 2025, which in its
new format requires all SBM Offshore workforce to
declare any situation that could potentially lead to a
conflict of interest directly in the new compliance tool.
The completion rates reached 86.4% of the workforce
and 99.7% among onshore employees.
• Publication of required policies and documents to
comply with local anti-corruption legislation.
• Integration of compliance e-Learning (as Code of
Conduct and Speak Up Line training) into the Learning
Management System platform, consolidating all training
modules on a single platform.
• No confirmed instances of corruption occurred in 2025.
Completion rate and hours of compliance e-learning training by operating segment and employment relationship
Completed by 20241 Completed by 20252
Compliance e-Learning Training – worldwide3 Completion rate Training hours Completion rate Training hours
Offshore
Compliance e-Learning training 82% 1,663 85% 1,686
Employees 83% 1,327 84% 1,368
Contractors 77% 336 91% 318
Onshore
Compliance e-Learning training 91% 6,473 97% 7,281
Employees 91% 5,252 96% 6,070.5
Contractors 91% 1,221 97% 1,210.5
Total 89% 8,136 94% 8,967
1 Completion rate of compliance e-Learning trainings since the first of fered training until December 31, 2024.
2 Completion rate of compliance e-Learning trainings since the first offered training until December 31, 2025.
3 Each person can have completed multiple compliance e-Learning training.

[page 124]
124 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Number of completion and hours of compliance training by format
2024 2025
Compliance training completed during the year – worldwide1
Number of
Complet
ion Training hours
Number of
Complet
ion Training hours
Face-to-face training 546 599 1,401 1,387
e-Learnings 5,127 3,845 2,867 2,150
Total 5,673 4,444 4,268 3,537
1 Each person can have attended multiple compliance training.
Speak Up Line Reports 
In 2025, a total of 189 r
eports were received under
SBM Offshore’s Speak Up Policy. Of these, 115 reports are
related to the category of potential ’Workplace Civility
Violations’ (including allegations of improper behavior,
moral harassment and leadership issues) and 52 reports are
related to the category of potential ’Code of Conduct
Violations’ (including allegations of fraud, sexual
harassment, recruitment irregularities and leaks of
confidential information).
The category of ‘Other Reports’ encompass reports that do
not contain any allegation of potential violations of the
Code of Conduct, Workplace Civility, internal policies, laws
or regulations. This category typically covers issues such as
interpersonal conflicts or matters that are typical in a
normal working environment, dissatisfaction with
performance evaluations, employment terms, or salary
reviews – provided there is no indication of a breach of the
Code of Conduct or Workplace Civility standards. These
matters are not managed within the framework of the
Speak Up Line but rather redirected to the appropriate
function for handling through standard operational
processes.
A total of 259 reports were closed in 2025, comprising 167
reports from 2025 and 92 reports from previous years. At
year end, 22 reports remained under investigation, all from
2025 (out of 189). This significant progress in case closures
during 2025 was driven by the coordinated efforts of a
cross‑functional task force established to address backlog
cases from previous years, along with targeted process
enhancements introduced through the new investigation
framework. The framework incorporates a risk‑based triage
model that facilitates the allocation of cases to the
appropriate functions and reinforces a well‑defined
segregation of roles and responsibilities. These combined
improvements have resulted in a sustainable reduction in
average case‑closure times while reinforcing that reports
are handled with consistency, respect, and rigor.
Following the conclusion of investigations, appropriate
actions are taken based on the findings. These actions may
be remedial and/or disciplinary in nature. Remedial actions
can include strengthening processes and procedures,
enhancing monitoring, training and coaching, and
increasing awareness of expected behaviors. Disciplinary
measur
es may encompass the issuance of written warnings
or, in serious instances, the termination of employment.
Reports received under SBM Offshore’s Speak Up Policy
Number of
r
eports
2024
Reports received in 2024 125
Reports from 2024 closed in 2024 58
Reports from 2024 not closed in 2024 (open
r
eports)1 67
2025
Reports received in 20252 189
Allegations of Workplace Civility Violations3 115
Allegations of Code of Conduct Violations4 52
Other reports 22
Confirmed cases of corrupt ion 0
Reports from 2025 closed in 2025 167
Reports from 2025 not closed in 2025 (open
r
eports)5 22
Reports from 2024 or before closed in 2025 92
Reports from 2024 or before not closed in 2025
(open r
eports)5 0
Reports closed in 2025 259
Remaining open reports6 22
1 Open reports as at 4th quarter of 2024.
2
No material fine result of any alleged incident of discrimination was paid
during 2025.
3 Including allegations of improper behavior, moral harassment, and
leadership issues.
4 Including allegations of fraud, sexual harassment, and intellectual
property violations.
5 Open reports as at 4th quarter of 2025.
6 Open reports as at 4th quarter of 2025.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 125]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 125
FUTURE
In 2026, SBM Of
fshore will continue strengthening its
culture of compliance by further developing, implementing,
and promoting policies and procedures related to
responsible business conduct. SBM Offshore remains
committed to fostering an environment where ethical
decision-making is supported, expected, and embedded
throughout the organization.
SBM Offshore will continue to promote a strong Speak Up
culture and responsible business conduct by:
• Reinforcing the new Code of Conduct and its associated
policies (the Business Ethics, Speak Up and Privacy
policies) across all relevant functions and locations.
• Implementing upgraded digital tools, including the use
of artificial intelligence technologies, to enhance data
analysis and internal controls.
• Increasing the monitoring and reporting capabilities by
progressing toward a more data-driven approach to
compliance.
• Maintaining a risk-based approach to third-party
management, including regular engagements, due
diligence and monitoring procedures.
• Providing targeted training to employees, contractors
and, where relevant, third parties.
Over the coming years, SBM Offshore aims to further
strengthen its Speak Up program through several
initiatives, including:
• Closer collaboration with Enabling Functions across all
jurisdictions to effectively address Workplace Civility and
Code of Conduct violations.
• Further reducing the average time required to close
Speak Up reports by optimizing processes and
promoting efficient case handling.
• Expanding Speak Up awareness campaigns to reinforce
understanding among employees and contractors of
how and when to use reporting channels and the Speak
Up Line.
• Developing standard protocols and templates to ensure
consistent and harmonized ways of working across the
organization.
• Providing investigation techniques training for
individuals involved in the Speak Up process to ensure
high-quality and consistent handling of cases.

[page 126]
126 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
3.5 OTHER ESG-RELA TED TOPICS
This section addresses the disclosure of information related
to other ESG topics that SBM Offshore considers relevant,
even though they are not standalone material matters for
its operations or stakeholders.
BIODIVERSITY
SBM Offshore addresses biodiversity under its
Sustainability Policy and takes action to evaluate potential
impacts, risks and opportunities related to biodiversity
across its projects and operations. SBM Offshore aims to
avoid and minimize adverse impacts on biodiversity while
also seeking opportunities to make positive contributions
to biodiversity management.
During this year’s DMA review, which incorporated input
from SBM Offshore’s risk management platform and
grievance mechanism, biodiversity was not deemed a
material ESG topic. It did not emerge as an area of
potential risk for the following reasons:
Environmental Impact
Independent Environmental Impact Assessments (EIAs)
confirm that SBM Offshore’s operations have limited direct
impacts on biodiversity and ecosystems. SBM Offshore’s
core activities take place in offshore waters, away from
biodiversity-sensitive areas, which helps to minimize
potential risks to various species and habitats.
Biodiversity-related risks are primarily associated with
unplanned events, such as oil spills, which are addressed
under the Health, Safety, and Security (HSS) material topic.
SBM Offshore’s HSS framework includes specific targets
such as ’No Harm, No Defects, No Leaks’ and
corresponding indicators to track performance, including
the number of oil spills.
Proximity to Protected Areas
SBM Offshore’s activities are not located in or near
protected or biodiversity-sensitive areas such as the Natura
2000 network of protected areas, UNESCO World Heritage
sites, Key Biodiversity Areas (‘KBAs’), as well as other
protected areas (IUCN sites, wetlands listed under the
RAMSAR Convention, Alliance for Zero Extinction sites).
High Operational Standards
SBM Offshore’s low biodiversity risk is further supported by
its conformity with stringent environmental and operational
regulations applicable to offshore activities. SBM Offshore
has a strong track record of maintaining high operational
standards and effectively addressing stakeholder concerns
regarding potential biodiversity impacts.
Before starting any project, the project team reviews an EIA
prepared by the client, which outlines the potential
environmental, social, and economic impacts throughout
t
he project lifecycle. The EIA identifies biological resources
and ecosystem services, such as protected areas, special
status specimens, coastal habitats, coastal wildlife, and
marine benthic habitats, and also evaluates potential
effects on the overall ecological balance. EIAs for
SBM Offshore’s projects are publicly available on
SBM Offshore’s website. Supported by the findings from
these EIA, SBM Offshore conducts project-specific
environmental risk and impact assessments and
implements necessary follow-up actions.
Continuous Monitoring and Collaboration
SBM Offshore has achieved a significant milestone in ocean
stewardship with the launch of Sharing Ocean Data, an
open-access platform developed in partnership with
Petrobras and Dadosfera. This platform offers free offshore
metocean data, including temperature, humidity, and wave
height, to researchers, universities, NGOs, and public
institutions. By promoting open access and collaboration,
Sharing Ocean Data supports scientific research,
innovation, and the UN SDGs.
Additionally, in 2025, SBM Offshore joined the Corporate
Data Group of the UN Ocean Decade initiative, which
aligns with the goals of the Sharing Ocean Data platform.
This initiative aims to establish best practices for private
sector organizations to provide public access to privately-
owned ocean data, presenting a valuable opportunity to
engage the private sector in advancing global scientific
understanding of oceans and supporting the development
of sustainable solutions and policies for marine protection.
SBM Offshore will continue to monitor biodiversity and
ecosystem-related risks through stakeholder engagement
and collaboration with scientific and environmental
organizations.
AFFECTED COMMUNITIES
SBM Offshore integrates social impact management into its
global operations, supported by sustainability ambassadors
and country managers. These individuals engage local
employees and organize corporate social responsibility
initiatives aimed at generating positive outcomes while
enhancing SBM Offshore’s visibility through community-
focused actions. SBM Offshore actively engages with local
communities to understand their challenges and help
address them, conducting targeted activities in regions
where it operates, as well as in countries where it has
recently established operations. Currently, 141 social and
environmental initiatives have been implemented across
the globe. Details about some initiatives can be found on
the Empowering Communities page of SBM Offshore’s
website.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 127]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 127
CYBERSECURITY
SBM Of
fshore recognizes the importance of effectively
managing digital data and cyber security risks by
implementing robust measures to protect sensitive
information, including financial information and personal
data. This responsibility is essential for ensuring business
continuity in the face of increasing cyber security threats
and for maintaining trust in the digital landscape.
SBM Offshore established data and cybersecurity programs
with strong governance practices to minimize the risk and
impact of cybersecurity incidents. These programs include
procedures for the collection, use, management, and
protection of digital data, which are documented in the
Global Enterprise Management System (refer to section
2.7.1 for information about the GEMS). Among key
objectives are protection against breaches and internal
threats, such as employees falling victim to phishing attacks
or unintentional breaches caused by inadequate access
management or human error. Such an incident may disrupt
operations and result in potential financial losses, which
SBM Offshore can further mitigate through its Emergency
Response Programs (ERP).
SBM Offshore’s approach to data and cybersecurity
management ensures compliance with recent regulatory
developments, including the General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR) in the European Union and equivalent
regulations in other jurisdictions where SBM Offshore
operates. When required, SBM Offshore collaborates with
relevant government agencies by sharing pertinent
cybersecurity information.
SBM Offshore benchmarks its cybersecurity performance by
assessing internal programs, policies, and processes related
to data management and cybersecurity against industry
standards, regulations, and emerging best practices. This
assessment includes specified cybersecurity governance,
internal audits, risk reports to the board, mandatory
cybersecurity training for all employees, and maintenance
of plans for incident response and assurance of business
continuity.
SBM Offshore’s current IT internal control framework is
based on COBIT 2019. To align with best practices in
information security, cybersecurity, and privacy protection,
SBM Offshore initiated a three-year transition plan in 2025
to adapt its information security management system to
meet the requirements of the ISO/IEC 27001 standard. The
program began with an initial gap analysis to establish a
roadmap for this transition.
RATINGS
ESG Rat
ings
SBM Offshore adopts a continuous improvement approach
and applies the knowledge gained from its performance to
future target setting. This has led to solid ratings in
sustainability benchmarks, as per the following table.
SBM Offshore results in ESG Benchmarks
Benchmark 2025 2024 2023 2022 Comment
Sustainalytics
, ESG risk1
18.4 15.3 15.3 14.5 ’Low ESG risk’;
ESG Industry T
op
Rated
MSCI AAA AAA AA A
1 Scores range from 0 to 40+, where a lower score indicates better
performance. The Sustainalyt
ics methodology now rates only based on
publicly available information.
Sustainability Notations
Fol
lowing the excellence of FPSO Almirante Tamandaré as
the first FPSO to operate in Brazil with a Sustainability-1
Notation, FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão has also received
this designation in December 2024, awarded by Bureau
Veritas (BV), a global leader in testing, inspection, and
certification services. The Sustainability-1 Notation
emphasizes SBM Offshore’s responsibility in managing
environmental and social risks associated with FPSOs. This
recognition aligns with the United Nations’ Sustainable
Development Goals (SDGs) and reinforces SBM Offshore’s
best practices in critical areas of vessel design and
operation, including the prevention of sea and air pollution,
the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, the protection
of marine ecosystems, ship recycling, and the well-being of
crew members on board.
In Guyana, the FPSO 
ONE GUYANA was awarded the
SUSTAIN-1 notation by the American Bureau of Shipping
(ABS) in 2025. SBM Offshore currently operates three
FPSOs in the country that have received notations. These
include FPSO Prosperity, which also holds a SUSTAIN-1
notation, and FPSO Liza Unity, which was the first FPSO
unit to receive a SUSTAIN-2 notation by ABS. This
advanced notation denotes FPSOs that meet advanced
sustainability standards in design and operation, including
emissions reduction, energy efficiency, pollution and waste
management and life cycle sustainability practices.

[page 128]
128 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
3.6 ESG MAIN INDICA TORS
3.6.1 ENVIRONMENTAL INDICATORS
3.6.1.1 EMISSIONS
ESRS E1
Milestones and targets
Base year
2016 2024 2025
% YoY
V
ariation 2025 2030 2050
Progress
against
base year
%
Scope 1 GHG emissions
Gross scope 1 GHG emissions
(tonnes of CO2 Eq) 222 169 79 (53%)
Climate
Neutral1
Source
100%
r
enewable
energy2
Net
Zer
o3 (64%)
Scope 2 GHG emissions
Gross location-based scope 2
GHG emissions (tonnes of CO2
Eq) 3,582 2,061 1,899 (8%)
Gross market-based scope 2
GHG emissions (tonnes of CO2
Eq) 3,582 839 708 (16%)
Climate
Neutral1
Source
100%
r
enewable
energy2
Net
Zer
o3 (80%)
Significant scope 3 GHG
emissions
Total gross indirect (scope 3)
GHG emissions (tonnes of CO2
Eq) 7,174,754 7,923,401
Category 1 – Purchased Goods
& Services 268,292 266,257 (1%)
Category 6 – Business Travel 34,401 36,096 5%
Category 13 – Downstream
Leased Assets4 8,444,579 6,872,061 7,621,048 11%
Lower-
carbon
FPSO
available
to t
he
market
50%
r
eduction
of GHG
intensity;
zero
routine
flaring5
Net
Zer
o6 (10%)
Total GHG emissions7
Total GHG emissions (location-
based) (tonnes of CO2 Eq) 8,448,383 7,176,985 7,925,379 10%
Total GHG emissions (market-
based) (tonnes of CO2 Eq) 8,448,383 7,175,763 7,924,188 10%
1 Balancing emissions associated with market-based office-r
 elated emissions.
2 Aiming for 100% sourcing of renewable energy by 2030 and considering investments in certified projects to compensate any residual GHG emissions from
scope 1 and 2, reaching ‘net zero’ on total GHG emissions – all related to the scope of office and shorebase-related emissions. SBM Offshore monitors
development versus 2016.
3 Including emissions in scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 – Downstream leased assets.
4 Base year 2016 for Category 13 – Downstream leased assets.
5 Reduce GHG-intensity of scope 3 – Downstream Leased Assets by 50% by 2030, compared to 2016 as a base year. Routine flaring of gas is flaring during
normal oil production operations in the absence of sufficient facilities or amenable geology to re-inject the produced gas, utilize it on-site, or dispatch it to a
market.
6 Including emissions in scope 1, scope 2 and one category of scope 3 – Downstream leased assets.
7 Including scope 1, 2 and 3 (Purchased goods and services, Business travel and Downstream leased assets) GHG emissions.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 129]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 129
Scope 1 and 2 Breakdown per region
Total (per year) 2025 (per region)
2024 2025
% YoY
V
ariation Brazil Angola
North
America &
Caribbean
Asia &
Equatorial
Guinea Europe
Scope 1 and 2 GHG
emissions
Scope 1 GHG
Emissions
Scope 1 GHG emissions
(tonnes of CO2 Eq) 169 79 (53%) 0 10 14 1 54
Scope 2 GHG
Emissions
Scope 2 GHG emissions
(locat
ion based) (tonnes
of CO2 Eq) 2,061 1,899 (8%) 45 92 607 847 308
Scope 2 GHG emissions
(market based) (tonnes
of CO2 Eq) 839 708 (16%) 0 92 567 48 0
Total Scope 1 and 2
GHG Emissions
Total Scope 1 and 2
GHG emissions
(locat
ion based) (tonnes
of CO2 Eq) 2,231 1,978 (11%) 45 102 621 848 362
Total Scope 1 and 2
GHG emissions (market
based) (tonnes of CO2
Eq) 1,009 787 (22%) 0 102 581 50 54
Scope 1 and 2 Breakdown per office country
2025 (per office country)
Brazil
Angola
United States of America
Guyana
China
India
Singapore
Equatorial Guinea
Malaysia
the Netherlands
Switzerland
Monaco
France
Portugal
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions
Scope 1 GHG Emissions
Scope 1 GHG emissions (tonnes of
CO2 Eq) 0 10 0 14 0 1 0 0 0 10 0 0 44 0
Scope 2 GHG Emissions
Scope 2 GHG emissions (location
based) (tonnes of CO2 Eq) 45 92 40 567 30 648 7 48 113 134 0 16 8 149
Scope 2 GHG emissions (market
based) (tonnes of CO2 Eq) 0 92 0 567 0 0 0 48 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG
Emissions
Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions
(locat
ion based) (tonnes of CO2 Eq) 45 102 40 581 30 649 7 48 113 145 0 16 52 149
Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions
(market based) (tonnes of CO2 Eq) 0 102 0 581 0 1 0 48 0 10 0 0 44 0

[page 130]
130 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Scope 3
Total (per year) 2025 (per region)
2024 2025
% YoY
V
ariation Brazil Angola
North
America &
Caribbean
Asia &
Equatorial
Guinea
Scope 3 GHG emissions
Category 1 – Purchased Goods &
Services1
Total GHG emissions (tonnes of CO2
Eq) 268,292 266,257 (1%)
Category 6 – Business Travel1
Total GHG emissions (tonnes of CO2
Eq) 34,401 36,096 5%
Category 13 – Downstream
Leased Assets1
Number of offshore assets
Total number of Downstream
Leased Assets (units) 15 15 9 3 2 1
Offshore Downstream Leased
Assets Pr
oduction
Hydrocarbon Production (tonnes) 58,170,414 52,586,008 (10%) 42,348,152 5,323,688 4,492,661 421,506
Hydrocarbon Production (BOE) 416,141,021 373,547,620 (10%)300,503,203 36,609,865 33,365,585 3,068,968
Scope 3 GHG emissions
Downstr
eam Leased Assets
Carbon dioxide (tonnes of CO2 Eq) 6,359,654 6,978,407 10% 4,404,789 1,781,550 535,774 256,294
Methane (tonnes of CO2 Eq) 406,295 532,853 31% 251,416 216,287 52,057 13,093
Nitrous oxide (tonnes of CO2 Eq) 106,113 109,788 3% 75,782 21,931 7,539 4,535
Total GHG emissions (tonnes of CO2
Eq) 6,872,061 7,621,048 11% 4,731,988 2,019,768 595,369 273,923
Total Scope 3 GHG intensity
Downstr
eam Leased Assets
Total GHG Emissions per
Hydr
ocarbon Production (tonnes of
CO2 Eq/1000 tonnes HC Production) 118 145 23% 112 379 133 650
GHG Emissions per Hydrocarbon
Pr
oduction compared with IOGP
Benchmark (%)2 (10%) 11% (15%) 190% 1% 396%
Total GHG Emissions per BOE (kg
CO2 e/BOE) 16.5 20.4 24% 15.7 55.2 17.8 89.3
1 For details see section 3.7 Reporting Boundaries.
2
IOGP Benchmark 2023 for GHG Emissions per Hydrocarbon Production: 131 tonnes of GHG/1,000 tonnes of hydrocarbon production.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 131]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 131
Total (per year) 2025 (per region)
2024 2025
% YoY
V
ariation Brazil Angola
North
America &
Caribbean
Asia &
Equatorial
Guinea
Non GHG emissions Downstream
Leased Assets
Carbon monoxide (CO in tonnes) 9,367 11,046 18% 6,333 3,414 959 339.53
Nitrogen oxides (NOx in tonnes) 10,661 11,074 4% 8,013 1,780 861 421.31
Sulphur dioxides (SO2 in tonnes) 211 235 11% 165.19 30.8 36.65 2.61
Volatile organic compounds (VOCs
in tonnes) 1,567 2,080 33% 971.3 850.87 209.48 48.74
Flaring Downstream Leased
Assets
Total Gas Flared (tonnes) 739,069 992,001 34% 448,598 420,873 99,513 23,017
Total Gas Flared per hydrocarbon
pr
oduction (Tonnes/1,000 Tonnes
HC Production) 12.7 18.9 48% 10.6 79.1 22.2 54.6
Gas Flared per hydrocarbon
pr
oduction compared with IOGP
Benchmark (%)1 44% 114% 20% 798% 152% 521%
Flaring Emissions (tonnes of CO2 Eq) 2,456,896 3,297,722 34% 1,491,279 1,399,115 330,813 76,515
Flaring emissions vs Total Emissions
(%) 36% 43% 21% 32% 69% 56% 28%
Total Scope 3 GHG Emissions
(Categories 1, 6 and 13)
Total Scope 3 GHG Emissions
(tonnes of CO2 Eq) 7,174,754 7,923,401 10%
1 IOGP Benchmark 2023 for Gas Flared per Hydrocarbon Production: 8.8 tonnes of gas flar
 ed/1,000 tonnes of hydrocarbon production.
Scope 1, 2 and 3
Total (per year)
2024 2025 % YoY Variation
Total Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions1
Total Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions (tonnes of CO2 Eq) (locat ion based) 7,176,985 7,925,379 10%
Total Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions (tonnes of CO2 Eq) (market based) 7,175,763 7,924,188 10%
Total net revenue2
Total net revenue (US$ million) 4,784 5,903
Total Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG intensity1
Total Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions per net revenue (tonnes of CO2
Eq/US$ mil
lion) (location based) 1,500 1,343 (11%)
Total Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions per net revenue (tonnes of CO2
Eq/US$ mil
lion) (market based) 1,500 1,342 (11%)
1 Including Scope 1, 2 and Scope 3 (Purchased goods and services, Business travel and Downstream Leased Assets) GHG emissions.
2
Net revenues disclosed in Financial statements – section 4.1.1.

[page 132]
132 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Energy offshore
Total (per year) 2025 (per region)
2024 2025
% YoY
V
ariation Brazil Angola
North
America &
Caribbean
Asia &
Equatorial
Guinea Europe
Offshore Energy
Consumpt
ion and Mix
– Downstream Leased
Assets
Offshore Energy
Consumpt
ion (GJ) 68,814,919 66,999,065 (3%) 50,594,230 9,616,188 3,709,045 3,079,602 0
Offshore Energy
Consumpt
ion (MWh) 19,115,255 18,610,851 (3%) 14,053,953 2,671,163 1,030,290 855,445 0
Offshore Energy
Consumpt
ion by
source – Downstream
Leased Assets
Energy consumption
fr
om fossil sources 19,115,255 18,610,851 (3%) 14,053,953 2,671,163 1,030,290 855,445 0
(a) fuel consumption
from coal and coal
products (MWh) 0 0 0% 0 0 0 0 0
(b) fuel consumption
from crude oil and
petroleum products
(MWh) 575,406 643,913 12% 458,894 71,716 108,704 4,599 0
(c) fuel consumption
from natural gas (MWh) 18,539,850 17,966,939 (3%) 13,595,059 2,599,448 921,586 850,846 0
(d) fuel consumption
from other fossil
sources (MWh) 0 0 0% 0 0 0 0 0
(e) consumption of
purchased or acquired
electricity, heat, steam,
or cooling from fossil
sources (MWh) 0 0 0% 0 0 0 0 0
Energy consumption
fr
om nuclear sources
(MWh) 0 0 0% 0 0 0 0 0
Energy consumption
fr
om renewable sources
(MWh) 0 0 0% 0 0 0 0 0
(a) fuel consumption for
renewable sources
(MWh)1 0 0 0% 0 0 0 0 0
(b) consumption of
purchased or acquired
electricity, heat, steam,
and cooling from
renewable sources
(MWh) 0 0 0% 0 0 0 0 0
(c) consumption of self-
generated non-fuel
renewable energy
(MWh) 0 0 0% 0 0 0 0 0
Share of fossil sources
(%) 100% 100% (0%) 100% 100% 100% 100% 0%
Share of renewable
sour
ces (%) 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%
1 Fuel consumption for renewable sources including biomass, biofuels, biogas, hydrogen from renewable sources, etc.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 133]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 133
Total (per year) 2025 (per region)
2024 2025
% YoY
V
ariation Brazil Angola
North
America &
Caribbean
Asia &
Equatorial
Guinea Europe
Offshore Energy
Pr
oduction –
Downstream Leased
Assets 0%
Non-renewable energy
pr
oduction (MWh) 19,115,255 18,610,851 (3%) 14,053,953 2,671,163 1,030,290 855,445 0
Renewable energy
pr
oduction (MWh) 0 0 0% 0 0 0 0 0
Offshore Energy
Intensity –
Downstr
eam Leased
Assets
Energy intensity per net
r
evenue (MWh/US$
million)1 3,996 3,153 (21%)
Offshore Energy
consumpt
ion per
production (GJ/ tonnes
of hydrocarbon
production) 1.2 1.3 8% 1.2 1.8 0.8 7.3 0.0
Offshore Energy
consumpt
ion per
production compared
with IOGP Benchmark
(%)2 (21%) (15%) (20%) 20% (45%) 387% 0%
1 Net revenues disclosed in Financial statements – section 4.1.1.
2
IOGP Benchmark 2023 for Energy Consumption: 1.5 GJ/tonnes of hydrocarbon production.

[page 134]
134 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Energy onshore breakdown per region
Total (per year) 2025 (per region)
2024 2025
% YoY
V
ariation Brazil Angola
North
America &
Caribbean
Asia &
Equatorial
Guinea Europe
Onshore Energy Consumption and Mix
Onshore Energy Consumption (GJ) 25,537 21,500 (16%) 2,553 2,246 3,762 3,837 9,102
Onshore Energy Consumption (MWh) 7,094 5,972 (16%) 709 624 1,045 1,066 2,528
Onshore Energy Consumption by
sour
ce
Energy consumption from fossil sources 2,479 1,845 (26%) 0 624 841 143 237
(a) fuel consumption from coal and coal
products (MWh) 0 0 0% 0 0 0 0 0
(b) fuel consumption from crude oil and
petroleum products (MWh) 0 0 0% 0 0 0 0 0
(c) fuel consumption from natural gas
(MWh) 644 237 (63%) 0 0 0 0 237
(d) fuel consumption from other fossil
sources (MWh) 121 94 (22%) 0 37 53 5 0
(e) consumption of purchased or
acquired electricity, heat, steam, or
cooling from fossil sources (MWh) 1714 1,514 (12%) 0 587 789 138 0
Energy consumption from nuclear
sour
ces (MWh) 0 0 0% 0 0 0 0 0
Energy consumption from renewable
sour
ces (MWh) 4,615 4,127 (11%) 709 0 203 923 2,291
(a) fuel consumption for renewable
sources (MWh)1 0 0 0% 0 0 0 0 0
(b) consumption of purchased or
acquired electricity, heat, steam, and
cooling from renewable sources (MWh) 4,412 3,923 (11%) 709 0 111 923 2,179
(c) consumption of self-generated non-
fuel renewable energy (MWh) 202 204 1% 0 0 92 0 112
Share of fossil sources (%) 35% 31% 0% 100% 81% 13% 9%
Share of renewable sources (%) 65% 69% 100% 0% 19% 87% 91%
Onshore Energy Production
Non-renewable energy production
(MWh) 0 0 0% 0 0 0 0 0
Renewable energy production (MWh) 202 204 1% 0 0 92 0 112
Onshore energy intensity
Energy intensity per net revenue
(MWh/US$ mil
lion)2 1.5 1.0 (32%)
1 Fuel consumption for renewable sources including biomass, biofuels, biogas, hydrogen from renewable sources, etc.
2
Net revenues disclosed in Financial statements – section 4.1.1.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 135]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 135
Energy onshore breakdown per office country
2025 (per office country)
Brazil
Angola
United States of America
Guyana
China
India
Singapore
Equatorial Guinea
Malaysia
the Netherlands
Switzerland
Monaco
France
Portugal
Onshore Energy Consumption and
Mix
Onshore Energy Consumption (GJ) 2,553 2,246 401 3,360 163 2,467 54 496 656 2,105 267 3,280 2,202 1,248
Onshore Energy Consumption
(MWh) 709 624 111 933 45 685 15 138 182 585 74 911 612 347
Onshore Energy Consumption by
sour
ce
Energy consumption from fossil
sour
ces 0 624 0 841 0 5 0 138 0 50 0 0 187 0
(a) fuel consumption from coal and
coal products (MWh) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
(b) fuel consumption from crude oil
and petroleum products (MWh) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
(c) fuel consumption from natural
gas (MWh) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 50 0 0 187 0
(d) fuel consumption from other
fossil sources (MWh) 0 37 0 53 0 5 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
(e) consumption of purchased or
acquired electricity, heat, steam, or
cooling from fossil sources (MWh) 0 587 0 789 0 0 0 138 0 0 0 0 0 0
Energy consumption from nuclear
sour
ces (MWh) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Energy consumption from
r
enewable sources (MWh) 709 0 111 92 45 680 15 0 182 534 74 911 425 347
(a) fuel consumption for renewable
sources (MWh)1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
(b) consumption of purchased or
acquired electricity, heat, steam, and
cooling from renewable sources
(MWh) 709 0 111 0 45 680 15 0 182 534 56 817 425 347
(c) consumption of self-generated
non-fuel renewable energy (MWh) 0 0 0 92 0 0 0 0 0 0 18 94 0 0
Share of fossil sources (%) 0% 100% 0% 90% 0% 1% 0% 100% 0% 9% 0% 0% 30% 0%
Share of renewable sources (%) 100% 0% 100% 10% 100% 99% 100% 0% 100% 91% 100% 100% 70% 100%
Onshore Energy Production
Non-renewable energy production
(MWh) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Renewable energy production
(MWh) 0 0 0 92 0 0 0 0 0 0 18 94 0 0
1 Fuel consumption for renewable sources including biomass, biofuels, biogas, hydrogen from renewable sources, etc.

[page 136]
136 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Energy total
Total (per year) 2025 (per region)
2024 2025
% YoY
V
ariation Brazil Angola
North
America &
Caribbean
Asia &
Equatorial
Guinea Europe
Total Energy Consumption
and Mix – Of
fshore
Downstream Leased Assets +
Onshore
Total Energy Consumption (GJ) 68,840,456 67,020,565 (3%) 50,596,783 9,618,434 3,712,807 3,083,439 9,102
Total Energy Consumption
(MWh) 19,122,349 18,616,824 (3%) 14,054,662 2,671,787 1,031,335 856,511 2,528
Total Energy Consumption by
sour
ce – Offshore
Downstream Leased Assets +
Onshore
Total energy consumption from
fossil sour
ces (MWh) 19,117,734 18,612,696 (3%) 14,053,953 2,671,787 1,031,132 855,588 237
(a) fuel consumption from coal
and coal products (MWh) 0 0 0% 0 0 0 0 0
(b) fuel consumption from crude
oil and petroleum products
(MWh) 575,406 643,913 12% 458,894 71,716 108,704 4,599 0
(c) fuel consumption from
natural gas (MWh) 18,540,494 17,967,176 (3%) 13,595,059 2,599,448 921,586 850,846 237
(d) fuel consumption from other
fossil sources (MWh) 121 94 (22%) 0 37 53 5 0
(e) consumption of purchased
or acquired electricity, heat,
steam, or cooling from fossil
sources (MWh) 1,714 1,514 (12%) 0 587 789 138 0
Total energy consumption from
nuclear sour
ces (MWh) 0 0 0% 0 0 0 0 0
Total energy consumption from
r
enewable sources (MWh) 4,615 4,127 (11%) 709 0 203 923 2,291
(a) fuel consumption for
renewable sources (MWh)1 0 0 0% 0 0 0 0 0
(b) consumption of purchased
or acquired electricity, heat,
steam, and cooling from
renewable sources (MWh) 4,412 3,923 (11%) 709 0 111 923 2,179
(c) consumption of self-
generated non-fuel renewable
energy (MWh) 202 204 1% 0 0 92 0 112
Share of fossil sources (%) 99.98% 99.98% 99.99% 100% 99.98% 99.89% 9.37%
Share of renewable sources (%) 0.02% 0.02% 0.01% 0% 0.02% 0.11% 90.63%
Total Energy Production –
Of
fshore Downstream Leased
Assets + Onshore
Total non-renewable energy
pr
oduction (MWh) 19,115,255 18,610,851 (3%) 14,053,953 2,671,163 1,030,290 855,445 0
Total renewable energy
pr
oduction (MWh) 202 204 1% 0 0 92 0 112
Total Energy Intensity –
Of
fshore Downstream Leased
Assets + Onshore
Total Energy intensity per net
r
evenue (MWh/US$ million)2 3,997 3,154 (21%)
1 Fuel consumption for renewable sources including biomass, biofuels, biogas, hydrogen from renewable sources, etc.
2
Net revenues disclosed in Financial statements – section 4.1.1.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 137]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 137
3.6.1.2 EU T AXONOMY DISCLOSURES
ESRS E1
As disclosed in the summary table in section 3.2.4, SBM Offshore did not generate EU Taxonomy–eligible turnover during
the reporting period. As a result, the Turnover KPI table for the year 2025 has been omitted.
Proportion of CAPEX from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities – disclosure
covering year 2025
2025 Year Substantial Contribution Criteria
DNSH criteria ('Does Not
Significant
ly Harm')
Economic Activities (1)
Code (2)
CAPEX (3)
Proportion of CAPEX year N (4)
Climate Change Mitigation (5)
Climate Change Adaptation (6)
Water (7)
Pollution (8)
Circular Economy (9)
Biodiversity (10)
Climate Change Mitigation (11)
Climate Change Adaptation (12)
Water (13)
Pollution (14)
Circular Economy (15)
Biodiversity (16)
Minimum Safeguards (17)
Proportion of Taxonomy-aligned (A.1.)
or -eligible (A.2.) CAPEX, year N-1 (18)
Category enabling activity (19)
Category transitional activity (20)
Millions
of US$ %
Y; N;
N/EL
Y;
N;
N/
EL
Y;
N;
N/
EL
Y;
N;
N/
EL
Y;
N;
N/
EL
Y;
N;
N/
EL
Y/
N
Y/
N
Y/
N
Y/
N
Y/
N
Y/
N
Y/
N % E T
A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)
CAPEX of environmentally
sustainable act
ivities
(Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1) 0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% Y Y Y Y Y Y Y 0%
of which enabling 0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% Y Y Y Y Y Y Y 0% E
of which transitional 0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% Y Y Y Y Y Y Y 0% T
A.2 Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)
EL;
N/EL
EL;
N/
EL
EL;
N/
EL
EL;
N/
EL
EL;
N/
EL
EL;
N/
EL
Acquisition and ownership
of buildings
CCM
7.7 13.7 16.4% EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL 21.4%
CAPEX of Taxonomy-eligible but
not envir
onmentally sustainable
activities (not Taxonomy-aligned
activities) (A.2) 13.7 16.4% 16.4% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 21.4%
A. CAPEX of Taxonomy-eligible
act
ivities (A.1+A.2) 13.7 16.4% 16.4% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 21.4%
B. TAXONOMY-NON- ELIGIBLE
ACTIVITIES
CAPEX of Taxonomy-non-
el
igible activities 70 83.6%
TOTAL (A+B) 83 100.0%

[page 138]
138 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Proportion of OPEX from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities – disclosure
covering year 2025
2025 Year Substantial Contribution Criteria
DNSH criteria ('Does Not
Significant
ly Harm')
Economic Activities (1)
Code (2)
OPEX (3)
Proportion of OPEX, year N (4)
Climate Change Mitigation (5)
Climate Change Adaptation (6)
Water (7)
Pollution (8)
Circular Economy (9)
Biodiversity (10)
Climate Change Mitigation (11)
Climate Change Adaptation (12)
Water (13)
Pollution (14)
Circular Economy (15)
Biodiversity (16)
Minimum Safeguards (17)
Proportion of Taxonomy-aligned (A.1.)
or -eligible (A.2.) OPEX, year N-1 (18)
Category enabling activity (19)
Category transitional activity (20)
Millions
of US$ %
Y; N;
N/EL
Y;
N;
N/
EL
Y;
N;
N/
EL
Y;
N;
N/
EL
Y;
N;
N/
EL
Y;
N;
N/
EL
Y/
N
Y/
N
Y/
N
Y/
N
Y/
N
Y/
N
Y/
N % E T
A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)
OPEX of environmentally
sustainable act
ivities
(Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1) 0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% Y Y Y Y Y Y Y 0%
of which enabling 0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% Y Y Y Y Y Y Y 0% E
of which transitional 0 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% Y Y Y Y Y Y Y 0% T
A.2 Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)
EL;
N/EL
EL;
N/
EL
EL;
N/
EL
EL;
N/
EL
EL;
N/
EL
EL;
N/
EL
Close to market research,
development and innovation
CCM
9.1 6.4 11.6% EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL 19.6%
Preparation for re-use of
end-of-l
ife products and
product components
CCE
5.3 0.1 0.2% N/EL
N/
EL
N/
EL
N/
EL EL
N/
EL 0%
OPEX of Taxonomy-eligible but
not envir
onmentally sustainable
activities (not Taxonomy-aligned
activities) (A.2) 6.5 11.8%11.6% 0% 0% 0% 0.2% 0% 19.6%
A. OPEX of Taxonomy-eligible
act
ivities (A.1+A.2) 6.5 11.8%11.6% 0% 0% 0% 0.2% 0% 19.6%
B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE
ACTIVITIES
OPEX of Taxonomy-non-eligible
act
ivities 49 88.2%
TOTAL (A+B) 55 100%
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 139]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 139
Nuclear and fossil gas related activities
Row Nuclear energy related activities
1 The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and
deployment of innovat
ive electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes
with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.
NO
2 The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear
instal
lations to produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or
industrial processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best available
technologies.
NO
3 The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations
t
hat produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial
processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades.
NO
Fossil gas related activities
4 The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity
generat
ion facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels. NO
5 The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of
combined heat/cool and power generat
ion facilities using fossil gaseous fuels. NO
6 The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of
heat generat
ion facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels. NO
3.6.2 SOCIAL INDICATORS
3.6.2.1 OUR PEOPLE INDICA
TORS
ESRS S1
Headcount by employment relationship
Total (per year)
2024 2025 Variation (%)
Headcount
Global headcount (employees and contractors) 7,892 8,178 3.6%
Employees
Number of employees1 6,417 6,851 6.8%
Employees (%) 81% 84% 3.0%
Contractors
Number of contractors 1,475 1,327 -10.0%
Contractors (%) 19% 16% -13.2%
1 See Financial Statements section 4.3.6 – Number of Employees.

[page 140]
140 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Employees by employment relationship and country
2025 2025 (per country)1
Global Headcount
Angola
Brazil
China
Guyana
India
Malaysia
Monaco
Portugal
Singapore
Switzerland
the Netherlands
Worldwide
Other countries
Headcount
Headcount (employees and
contractors) 8,178 553 2343 362 963 751 490 895 533 284 53 801 62 88
Employee
Number of employees 6,851 501 2178 135 686 748 400 805 515 90 50 635 24 84
Employees (%) 84% 6% 27% 2% 8% 9% 5% 10% 6% 1% 1% 8% 0% 1%
Contractors
Number of contractors 1,327 52 165 227 277 3 90 90 18 194 3 166 38 4
Contractors (%) 16% 1% 2% 3% 3% 0% 1% 1% 0% 2% 0% 2% 0% 0%
1 Locations with less than 50 people are grouped together in the category called 'Other countries'.
Employees by gender and contract type
Total (per year)
2024 2025 Variation (%)
Total Male Female Total Male Female Total Male Female
Employee1
Employee Headcount
Number of employees 6,417 5,074 1,343 6,851 5,286 1,565 7% 4% 17%
Employees (%) 81% 79% 21% 84% 77% 23% 3% -2% 9%
Permanent contract
Number of employees with permanent contract 6,069 4,856 1,213 6,556 5,123 1,433 8% 5% 18%
Employees with permanent contract (%) 95% 96% 90% 96% 97% 92% 1% 1% 1%
Temporary contract
Number of employees with temporary contract 348 218 130 295 163 132 -15% -25% 2%
Employees with temporary contract (%) 5% 4% 10% 4% 3% 8% -21% -28% -13%
Part-time contract
Number of employees with part-time contract 110 45 65 135 63 72 23% 40% 11%
Employees with part-time contract (%) 2% 1% 5% 2% 1% 5% 15% 34% -5%
1 SBM Offshore doesn not have the category non-guaranteed hours employees.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 141]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 141
Employees by gender, contract type and country
2025 2025 (per country)1
Global Headcount
Angola
Brazil
China
Guyana
India
Malaysia
Monaco
Portugal
Singapore
Switzerland
the Netherlands
Worldwide
Other countries
Employee2
Employee Headcount
Number of employees 6,851 501 2,178 135 686 748 400 805 515 90 50 635 24 84
Number of female employees 1,565 45 433 34 145 119 115 232 237 13 19 160 1 12
Number of male employees 5,286 456 1,745 101 541 629 285 573 278 77 31 475 23 72
Permanent contract
Number of female employees with
permanent contract 1,433 41 374 34 139 112 104 225 225 12 17 137 1 12
Number of male employees with
permanent contract 5,123 445 1,723 101 541 617 260 564 259 77 31 413 23 69
Female employees with permanent
contract (%) 92% 91% 86% 100% 96% 94% 90% 97% 95% 92% 89% 86% 100% 100%
Male employees with permanent
contract (%) 97% 98% 99% 100% 100% 98% 91% 98% 93% 100% 100% 87% 100% 96%
Temporary contract
Number of female employees with
temporary contract 132 4 59 0 6 7 11 7 12 1 2 23 0 0
Number of male employees with
temporary contract 163 11 22 0 0 12 25 9 19 0 0 62 0 3
Female employees with temporary
contract (%) 8% 9% 14% 0% 4% 6% 10% 3% 5% 8% 11% 14% 0% 0%
Male employees with temporary
contract (%) 3% 2% 1% 0% 0% 2% 9% 2% 7% 0% 0% 13% 0% 4%
Part-time contract
Number of female employees with
part-t
ime contract 73 0 0 0 0 0 1 43 1 0 5 21 0 2
Number of male employees with
part-t
ime contract 61 0 13 0 0 0 0 19 1 0 1 27 0 0
Female employees with part-time
contract (%) 5% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 1% 19% 0% 0% 26% 13% 0% 17%
Male employees with part-time
contract (%) 1% 0% 1% 0% 0% 0% 0% 3% 0% 0% 3% 6% 0% 0%
1 Locations with less than 50 people are grouped together in the category called 'Other countries'.
2
SBM Offshore does not have the category non-guaranteed hours employees.
New Hire Employees and turnover
Total (per year)
2024 2025 Variation (%)
Headcount
Number of employees 6,417 6,851 6.8%
New Hire Employees
New Hire employees 1,274 1,110 -12.9%
New Hire Ratio (%) 18% 15% -16.6%
Employees Turnover
Employees Turnover 753 519 -31.1%
Turnover Ratio (%) 12% 8% -35.8%

[page 142]
142 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
New Hire Employees and turnover rate by country
2025 2025 (per country)1
Global Headcount
Angola
Brazil
China
Guyana
India
Malaysia
Monaco
Portugal
Singapore
Switzerland
the Netherlands
Worldwide
Other countries
Headcount
Number of employees 6,851 501 2,178 135 686 748 400 805 515 90 50 635 24 84
New Hire Employees
Number of new employees 1,110 31 306 16 143 134 76 82 150 11 8 133 2 18
New hire ratio (%) 15% 6% 13% 10% 22% 16% 16% 9% 27% 10% 14% 20% 3% 9%
Proportion of new hires (%) 3% 28% 1% 13% 12% 7% 7% 14% 1% 1% 12% 0% 2%
Employees Turnover Rate
Employee Turnover 519 18 154 4 33 97 44 55 39 3 8 50 6 8
Employee Turnover ratio (%) 8% 4% 7% 3% 5% 13% 11% 7% 8% 3% 16% 9% 13% 6%
Proportion of turnover (%) 3% 30% 1% 6% 19% 8% 11% 8% 1% 2% 10% 1% 2%
1 Locations with less than 50 people are grouped together in the category called 'Other countries'.
Employees training hours by operating segment and gender
Total (per year) 2025 (per gender)
2024 2025 Variation (%) Female Male
Headcount
Number of employees 6,417 6,851 6.8% 1,565 5,286
Offshore 2,194 2,215 1.0% 125 2,090
Onshore 4,223 4,636 9.8% 1,440 3,196
Employees Training Hours1
Total training hours 213,692 253,705 18.7% 47,707 205,998
Offshore 126,979 144,298 13.6% 7,703 136,595
Onshore 86,713 109,407 26.2% 40,004 69,404
Average of training hours per employee 33 37 11.2% 30 39
Offshore 58 65 12.6% 62 65
Onshore 21 24 14.9% 28 22
1 Including Compliance training.
Employees performance appraisals completed by operating segment and gender
Total (per year) 2024 (per gender)
2023 2024 Variation (%) Female Male
Employee Performance Appraisals
Completed (%)1
Offshore 100% 99% -0.3% 100% 99%
Onshore 99% 99% 0.2% 99% 99%
1 An appraisal is considered completed when it has been given a rating.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 143]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 143
Employees pay gap and equal remuneration by gender and country
Number of employees Average Compa-Ratio Pay Gap (per year)
Male Female Male Female 20241 2025 Variation
Pay Gap2
Overall Pay Gap 5,195 1,481 98.08 93.49 0.97 0.95 -1.5%
Employee Equal Remuneration
Equal Remuneration by country
Angola 448 43 100.89 96.32 1.04 0.95 -8.2%
Brazil 1,729 378 100.81 94.90 0.96 0.94 -1.9%
China 101 34 95.85 92.99 0.98 0.97 -1.0%
Guyana 540 140 92.29 84.95 0.91 0.92 1.1%
India 629 119 91.73 87.39 0.98 0.95 -2.8%
Malaysia 281 114 102.77 98.50 0.96 0.96 -0.2%
Monaco 566 226 99.15 95.71 0.98 0.97 -1.5%
Portugal 267 229 96.72 91.28 0.95 0.94 -0.7%
Singapore 77 13 95.25 87.90 0.93 0.92 -0.8%
Switzerland 31 19 86.85 89.60 1.00 1.03 3.2%
the Netherlands 463 160 99.22 98.72 1.00 0.99 -0.5%
1 In 2024, SBM Offshore improved reporting granularity by adding new countries to the pay gap calculation, meaning three-year comparability will only be
available in 2026.
2
The Pay Gap calculation is obtained by calculating the average of compa-ratio between Male and Female. Average Female Comparatio/Average Male
Comparatio.

[page 144]
144 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Employees pay gap and equal remuneration by gender, age range, organizational level and function
Number of employees Average Compa-Ratio Pay Gap (per year)
Male Female Male Female 20241 2025 Variation
Employee Equal Remuneration
Equal Remuneration by age range
Under 30 443 283 90 88 1.00 0.97 -2.8%
30 - 50 3,612 1,052 97 94 0.98 0.96 -1.6%
Over 50 1,140 146 103 102 1.00 0.98 -1.6%
Equal Remuneration by
or
ganizational level
Non-management 3,318 1,068 98 92 0.96 0.94 -1.6%
Junior Management 1,308 315 98 95 0.98 0.98 -0.4%
Middle Management 545 93 101 100 1.04 0.99 -4.7%
Top Management2 24 5 111 108 0.94 0.97 3.2%
Equal Remuneration by
or
ganizational function3
Business Support 48 99 91 90 0.99
Construction 152 6 93 94 1.01
Operations 2,732 328 100 94 0.94
Engineering 928 161 96 93 0.97 0.97 0.0%
Executive Management & Legal 57 70 103 99 1.01 0.95 -5.5%
Finance, Tax and IT 485 286 96 96 0.98 0.99 1.2%
Human Resources 65 198 92 89 0.96
Project Management 160 55 98 97 1.04 0.99 -4.5%
Quality, Health, Risk & Safety 160 89 97 94 1.01 0.97 -4.0%
Strategy & Development 107 38 99 96 0.95 0.97 2.1%
Supply Chain 301 151 93 91 0.98 0.98 -0.3%
1 SBM Offshore improved reporting granularity by adding new countries and organizational functions to the pay gap calculation, meaning three-year
comparabil
ity will only be available in the coming years.
2 Top Management are employees with grades 15 up to and including 17. Executive management excluded.
3 In 2024, Human Resources was consolidated under Business Support, and Construction and Operations were reported jointly. In 2025, SBM Offshore
enhanced the reporting granularity, and these three functions began being reported separately.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 145]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 145
3.6.2.2 HEAL TH, SAFETY AND SECURITY
INDICATORS
ESRS S1-14
Health, safety and security
Total (per year) 2025 (per operating segment)
2024 2025 Offshore1 Onshore2
Exposure hours
Exposure hours 51,307,272 47,327,045 10,671,360 36,655,685
Employee3 17,048,248 17,088,880 5,575,776 11,513,104
Contractor4 34,259,024 30,238,165 5,095,584 25,142,581
Work-related fatalities
Fatalities 0 0 0 0
Employee 0 0 0 0
Contractor 0 0 0 0
Fatality rate5 0 0 0 0
Work-related injuries
Serious work-related injuries6 0 0 0 0
Employee 0 0 0 0
Contractor 0 0 0 0
Serious work-related injury rate5 0 0 0 0
Recordable injuries 26 34 25 9
Employee 8 18 13 5
Contractor 18 16 12 4
Recordable injury frequency rate5 0.51 0.72 2.34 0.25
Employee 0.47 1.05 2.33 0.43
Contractor 0.52 0.53 2.35 0.16
Work-related ill health (occupational illness)
Work-related ill health 1 1 0 1
Employee 1 0 0 0
Contractor 0 1 0 1
Recordable work-related ill health frequency rate5 0.02 0.02 0.00 0.03
Employee 0.06 0.00 0.00 0.00
Contractor 0.00 0.03 0.00 0.04
1 Offshore includes FPSOs and shorebases’ data.
2
Onshore includes Yards and Offices data.
3 Direct hires, part-time employees, locally hired agency staff (’direct contractors’) in the fabrication sites, offices and offshore workers, i.e. all people working
for SBM Offshore.
4 Any person employed by a contractor or contractor’s sub-contractor(s) who is directly involved in execution of prescribed work under a contract with SBM
Offshore.
5 Per 1,000,000 exposure hours.
6 Serious work-related injury results in an injury from which the person cannot, does not, or is not expected to fully recover to pre-injury health status within six
months, excluding fatality.
Process Safety
Total (per year) 2025 (regional breakdown)
2024 2025 Brazil Angola
North
America &
Caribbean
Asia &
Equatorial
Guinea Europe
Process Safety Events1
Tier 1 incidents 3 2 1 0 1 0 0
Tier 2 incidents 8 10 7 2 1 0 0
1 Process safety events classified as material accor ding to the American Petroleum Institute (API) Recommended Practice 754.

[page 146]
146 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
3.6.3 FIVE YEAR KEY ESG FIGURES
ESRS E1; S1; S1-14
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Health, Safety and Security
TRIFR (per 200,000 exposure hours) 0.14 0.10 0.08 0.12 0.06
TRIFR (per 1,000,000 exposure hours) 0.72 0.51 0.39 0.59 0.29
Fatalities and Permanent Impairments (FPI) 0 0 0 2.00 n/a
Total consolidated exposure hours1 47.33 51.30 66.65 52.87 44.12
Environment (Offshore)
Total GHG emissions per hydrocarbon
pr
oduction (tonnes of CO2 Eq/1000 tonnes
HC Production) 145 118 99 109 111
Total Gas Flared per hydrocarbon
pr
oduction (tonnes/1,000 tonnes HC
Production) 18.9 12.7 9.0 9.7 9.7
Offshore energy consumption (GJ) 66,999,065 68,814,919 64,291,224 62,399,131 65,036,820
Offshore energy consumption (MWh) 18,610,851 19,115,255 17,858,673 17,333,091 18,065,783
Human Resources2
Total headcount3 8,178 7,892 7,416 7,073 6,426
Total employees3 6,851 6,417 5,935 5,499 5,019
Total contractors3 1,327 1,475 1,481 1,574 1,407
Total of contractors (%)3 16% 19% 25% 22% 22%
Total of female employees (%) 23% 21% 20% 19% 19%
Total of part-time employees (%) 2% 2% 2% 2% 2%
Employee Rates2
Turnover 8% 12% 13% 12% 14%
Appraisals
Performance appraisals completed
(onshor
e) 99% 99% 99% 99% 99%
1 In millions of hours.
2
Does not include construction yards, unless otherwise specified.
3 Including construction yards.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 147]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 147
3.6.4 CERTIFICATION AND
CLASSIFICA
TION TABLES
ESRS S1-14
Complementing sections 1.5 and 2.7, the below tables map
the compliance and certification of SBM Offshore entities
and (onshore and offshore) sites with the following
international certification standards and codes:
• ISO 9001: Quality Management System
•
ISO 14001: Environmental Management System
• ISO 45001: Occupational Health and Safety
Management System
• Class: Vessel Classification
• ISM: International Safety Management
• ISPS: International Ship and Port Facility Security Code
OFFICES AND WORKSITES ISO 9001 ISO 14001 ISO 45001 ISM
Corporate Offices
Amsterdam (the Netherlands) Certified
Monaco Certified
Offices
Bengaluru (India) Certified
Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia) Certified
Monaco Certified
Rio de Janeiro (Brazil) Certified
Rotterdam (the Netherlands) Certified
Shanghai (China) Certified
Operations Offices
Angola Compliant Compliant Certified
Brazil Certified Compliant Compliant Certified
Equatorial Guinea Compliant Compliant Certified
Guyana Compliant Compliant Certified
Monaco (Management Office) Certified
Portugal Certified
Certified:
Compl
iant:
certified by accr edited third party
verified as compliant by independent, qualified third party

[page 148]
148 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
OFFSHORE PRODUCTION FLEET ISO 9001 ISO 14001 ISO 45001 CLASS ISM ISPS
Angola
FPSO Mondo Compliant Compliant Classed Certified Certified
FPSO Saxi Batuque Compliant Compliant Classed Certified Certified
N’Goma FPSO Compliant Compliant Classed Certified Certified
Brazil
FPSO Espirito Santo Compliant Compliant Classed Certified Certified
FPSO Cidade de Anchieta Compliant Compliant Classed Certified Certified
FPSO Cidade de Paraty Compliant Compliant Classed Certified Certified
FPSO Cidade de Ilhabela Compliant Compliant Classed Certified Certified
FPSO Cidade de Maricá Compliant Compliant Classed Certified Certified
FPSO Cidade de Saquarema Compliant Compliant Classed Certified Certified
FPSO Sepetiba Compliant Compliant Classed Certified Certified
Almirante Tamandaré Compliant Compliant Classed Certified Certified
FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão Compliant Compliant Classed Certified Certified
Equatorial Guinea
FPSO Aseng Compliant Compliant Classed Certified Certified
Guyana
Liza Destiny Compliant Compliant Classed Certified Certified
Liza Unity Compliant Compliant Classed Certified Certified
Prosperity Compliant Compliant Classed Certified Certified
ONE GUYANA Compliant Compliant Classed Certified Certified
Jaguar** Ongoing Ongoing Ongoing Ongoing Ongoing
Mexico
Chalchi** Ongoing Ongoing Ongoing Ongoing Ongoing
Suriname
GranMorgu** Ongoing Ongoing Ongoing Ongoing Ongoing
OFFSHORE INSTALLATION FLEET ISO 9001 ISO 14001 ISO 45001 CLASS ISM ISPS
Normand Installer* Certified Certified Certified Classed Certified Certified
Certified:
Compl
iant:
Classed:
*
**
certified by accr
 edited third party
verified as compliant by independent, qualified third party
certified by classification society
Not operated by SBM Offshore
Under construction
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 149]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 149
3.7 REPOR TING BOUNDARIES
ESRS 2 BP-1; BP-2; GOV-4; SBM-1; SBM-2; SBM-3; IRO-1, and ESRS E1; S1;
S1-14; S2; G1
This section describes the boundaries of SBM Offshore’s
sustainability statement which, aligned with the financial
statements scope, discloses information from January 1 to
December 31, 2025 on a consolidated basis for
SBM Offshore N.V. and subsidiaries.
3.7.1 GENERAL INFORMATION
CHANGES IN PREPARATION OR PRESENTATION
OF SUSTAINABILITY INFORMATION
SBM Offshore follows a continuous improvement approach
to enhance transparency, consistency and precision over
time. In 2025, the methodology used to calculate work
hours was revised to enhance accuracy, replacing the
previously applied approach.
REPORTING ERRORS IN PRIOR PERIODS
SBM Offshore is not including in this report any
restatement to correct material errors in prior periods. No
material ESRS disclosure requirement was omitted on the
grounds of it being classified or sensitive information.
EXTERNAL VALIDATION
SBM Offshore seeks to use metrics and set targets based
on recognized standards, sectorial guidelines and
benchmarks, science-based approach (when available),
certifications, despite this the measurement of the metric is
not specifically validated by an external body.
USE OF THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION
SBM Offshore incorporates third-party data when
calculating KPIs for Scope 3 emissions under Category 1
(Purchased Goods and Services (PG&S) and Category 6
(Business Travel), as well as work hours data. Variations in
data quality and reporting practices among suppliers may
give rise to a degree of data limitations and related
uncertainties, as prescribed under ESRS 1. However, these
do not materially affect the completeness or reliability of
the consolidated disclosures.
In addition, updates to SBM Offshore’s calculation
methodologies (e.g., Work hours) and the use of estimation
techniques–applied in line with ESRS requirements for
estimations and data proxies–may also introduce minor
uncertainty. However, these uncertainties are assessed as
non‑material at the aggregated reporting level and do not
compromise the faithful representation of the information.
SBM Offshore also utilizes widely recognized emission
factors and industry benchmark data sets to ensure
accuracy and consistency in greenhouse gas (GHG)
calculations.

[page 150]
150 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
A BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DOUBLE
MA
TERIALITY ASSESSMENT
The following steps were conducted in the 2023 DMA to
assess impact and financial materiality perspectives, aiming
to obtain a broad and accurate picture of SBM Offshore’s
most r
elevant impacts, risks and opportunities (further
information on the materiality process conducted in 2023 is
also available in section 3.3 of the 2024 Annual Report.)
Step 1 − Stakeholder map and long-listing of topics
This step is an analysis of SBM Offshore’s context, as per the strategic planning process, leveraging external sources and
exist
ing guidance on potential environmental, social and governance impacts inherent in the industry. Peer and client
benchmarks, best practices, general and sector standards and international guidelines (such as the GRI, SASB, IPIECA and
the existing ESRS draft version) were used to define the topics, and respective subtopics, to be assessed. The basis for
identifying and selecting stakeholders for engagement during each step of this DMA process resides in their relevance,
expertise, impact and interest in SBM Offshore activities.
Step 2 − Define impact material ity with internal and external stakeholders
Through an extensive questionnaire, internal experts ident ified and ranked actual, potential, positive and adverse impacts
related to a list of 23 topics, evaluating the scope, scale, irremediability and likelihood of the impacts. The ranking
methodology was designed, based on the risk matrix used in SBM Offshore’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process.
This impact materiality, as prescribed by ESRS, is considered aligned with other well recognized international reporting
standards (as GRI and others) to perform a materiality assessment.
Step 3 − Define financial material ity with strategy, risk, finance and sustainability professionals
Financial Materiality aims to evaluate material financial ef fects via an evaluation of how the long list of topics, and their
related risks and opportunities, generate potential financial effects for SBM Offshore. The financial materiality methodology
was aligned with the current processes and thresholds used in SBM Offshore’s regular risk and financial analyses, as well as
the input from analyses per capital (financial, manufactured, intellectual, human, social and relationship, natural).
Step 4 – Threshold application
Once the topics were ranked on both – an impact and a financial – lens by r elevant stakeholders, the scores were cross-
referenced. SBM Offshore then applied a materiality threshold to the scores in order to determine which of the assessed
topics should be considered double material for the organization1.
Step 5 − Validation
Key internal and external stakeholders and senior management were engaged to validate areas of impact through the steps
above. For internal and external stakeholders, t
he engagement was done through unrecorded video calls, allowing them to
freely express their views on impact materiality. In 2023, the Management Board approved the DMA outcome (based on the
GRI and ESRS draft version) with the 12 material topics to be used as the basis for strategy, target setting, performance
management and reporting. The outcome was also presented to the Supervisory Board.
Step 6 − Update
In 2024, to comply with ESRS requirements and enable a clearer differentiation and a comprehensive and meaningful
narrat
ive, the Management Board has updated the DMA outcome resulting in considering out of the twelve:
• six topics purely business and strategic ones but not material as per ESRS, namely: Market position; Economic impact;
Energy Transition; Operational Excellence and Quality; Innovation and Digitalization which are included in chapter 1 and
• six material topics as per ESRS namely: Emissions, Decommissioning, Our People, Health, Safety and Security, Human
Rights and Ethics and Compliance which are included in this sustainability statement (chapter 3).
1 To ensure a focused and relevant disclosure, a threshold was set based on quantitative criteria considering the ranking of the impact and financial material ity
assessment. Topics that do not meet this threshold were not considered material and are therefore not subject to detailed reporting under the ESRS
framework.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 151]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 151
MATERIAL TOPICS DEFINITIONS
Material Topics definit ions
Environmental Topics
Emissions Manage scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions (GHG and Non-GHG emissions, such as methane, NOx, SOx
emissions, etc.) to r
educe them as much as possible.
Decommissioning Decommissioning is a structured process of planning, preparation and execution for the eventual
r
emoval from service or reuse of an asset, while giving due consideration to the potential impact
on the environment and communities. It includes the following activities: safe removal of hazards
from an asset, recycling, restoration and remediation.
Social Topics
Our People Relates to all aspects of working life, from the quality and safety of the physical environment, to
how workers feel about t
heir work, their working environment, the climate at work and work
organization. It covers the full life cycle – from hiring to training, development, remuneration and
transitions. Providing a healthy work environment for employees, with training and education and
regular performance feedback, and enabling them to grow through SBM Offshore with meaningful
employment.
Health, safety and
security
Occupational health and safety management system set of interrelated or interacting elements to
establ
ish an occupational health and safety policy and objectives. This includes Process Safety
Management. The aim is to provide a safe, secure and reliable work environment for all employees,
promoting good health, adequately protecting them from infectious diseases and providing a
secure work environment.
Human rights Human rights: rights inherent to all human beings, which include, at a minimum, the rights set out
in t
he United Nations (UN) International Bill of Human Rights and the principles concerning
fundamental rights set out in the International Labour Organization (ILO) Declaration on
Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. SBM Offshore strives to provide a work environment
for employees in which basic human rights for all employees are respected and maintained. Ensure
social dialogue with regards to labor conditions and impacts on communities.
Governance Topics
Ethics and compliance Being a trustworthy organization by complying with rules, regulations and SBM Offshore’s code of
conduct, includ
ing anti-corruption policies, procedures and mechanisms. Ethics provide the
framework for making ethical decisions and drive responsible behavior. Compliance ensures
decisions and actions are aligned with the Code of Conduct and legal/regulatory requirements.
KEY INDICATORS PER MATERIAL TOPIC
Key indicators per Material Topic
Material Topic KPI Definition
Emissions
Average Flaring Volume of Operational Excellence gas flar ed expressed in Million
Standard Cubic Feet per day. This KPI relates to the portion of flaring that
SBM Offshore Operations can influence and that reflects the quality of
SBM Offshore’s operation. This KPI applies only to the units operated by
SBM Offshore.
Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG
emissions
Greenhouse gas emissions for each scope in tonnes of CO2 equivalents
(tCO2e)
GHG emissions intensity Greenhouse gas emissions from scope 3 Downstream Leased Assets in
tonnes of CO2 equivalents per '000 tonnes of hydr
ocarbon production
(tCO2e/1000 ton HC produced).
Energy use Energy consumption in GigaJoules (GJ).
Other significant air
emissions (non-GHG
emissions)
Non-greenhouse gas emissions, which are Carbon Monoxide (CO),
Nitr
ogen Oxides (NOx), Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) and Volatile Organic
Compounds (VOCs), in tonnes.
Decommissioning
D&R Strategic Plans
developed for tar
get units
D&R Strategic Plans developed for target units. The target units in the
r
eporting period are the offshore production facilities with cessation of
production expected by 2029.

[page 152]
152 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Key indicators per Material Topic
Material Topic KPI Definition
Our People
Engagement score (%) Percentage of engagement score in Pulse Survey.
New hires (# and %) The total number and rate of new hires during the reporting period.
Gender pay gap (#) The average compa-ratio female/average compa-ratio male.
Average of training hours (#) The average of total training hours per employee during the reporting
period.
Employee turnover ratio (%) The number of employees who have left SBM Offshore in the current
r
eporting year (between January 1 and December 31) compared with the
aggregate of the headcount on December 31 of the previous year and
December 31 of the current year; divided by 2, with the result multiplied
by 100.
Performance appraisals
complet
ion (%)
Percentage of completed performance appraisals for permanent
employees, temporary employees (fr
om Brazil and the Netherlands), and
JV staff (excluding FPSO Kikeh), covering those who joined SBM Offshore
before October 1, and were still employed on December 31 of the year
preceding the reporting period.
Health, safety and
security
FPI (#) The number of fatalities and permanent impairment injuries.
TRIFR (#) Total Recordable Incidents of the Year x 1,000,000/Total workhours of the
year
.
LTIFR (#) Total Lost Work Day Cases of the Year x 1,000,000/Total workhours of the
year
.
Tier 1 Process Safety events
(#)
The number of events having actual severity of 4 or 5 as defined in t he
Common Thresholds Matrix.
Tier 2 Process Safety events
(#)
The number of events having an actual severity of 3 as defined in t he
Common Thresholds Matrix.
Oil spills (#) Number of oil spills above 1 bbl (IOGP definit ion).
Oil-in-water discharge to %
below IOGP average
Oil in water to sea from Produced Water expressed in Tons of oil to sea
per mil
lion tonnes of hydrocarbon production. This KPI applies only to the
units operated by SBM Offshore.
Maintained ISO
cert
ifications
Maintain SBM Offshore’s ISO cert ifications in the reporting period.
Human rights
Suppliers signing supply
chain charter (%)
The percentage of new suppliers qual ified in the reporting period that
signed SBM Offshore’s Supply Chain Charter.
Suppliers who have been
scr
eened on human rights
questionnaire (%)
The percentage of new suppliers categorized as criticality A, B, C, or D
who have been scr
eened using the human rights questionnaire based on
SBM Offshore Human Rights Standards.
Yards that have completed
desktop scr
eening (#)
The number of yards that have completed desktop screening in the
r
eporting period.
Worker welfare audits (#) The number of worker welfare audits completed in the reporting period.
Ethics and
compl
iance
Reports received under
SBM Of
fshore’s Speak Up
Policy (#)
The number of reports received under SBM Offshore’s Speak Up Policy.
Confirmed cases of
corrupt
ion (#)
The number of corruption cases confirmed.
Compliance Training (#) The number of face-to-face training and e-learning sessions on
compl
iance topics.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 153]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 153
3.7.2 ENVIRONMENTAL REPORTING
BOUNDARIES
SBM Of
fshore reports environmental information using the
same organizational boundaries as those in its financial
statements. It includes all fully consolidated entities while
excluding unconsolidated joint ventures.
SBM Offshore discloses GHG emissions using the
operational control approach in line with the Greenhouse
Gas Protocol guidelines. SBM Offshore reports the direct
GHG emissions (scope 1), the indirect GHG emissions from
the consumption of purchased or acquired electricity,
steam, heat, and cooling (scope 2), and the significant
other indirect GHG emissions (scope 3) related to its
business activities. Non-GHG emissions are reported for
downstream leased assets in alignment with GHG
emissions reporting practices.
Other environmental KPIs – the number of oil spills above 1
barrel (bbl), and oil-in-water discharge from produced water
apply to FPSO units where SBM Offshore has O&M
agreements, as defined by contractual and regulatory
obligations. This criterion excludes Thunder Hawk Floating
Production Unit (FPU).
EMISSIONS
ESRS E1
Base year
SBM Offshore has set 2016 as the base year, as it represents
the first year with complete and verifiable data across all
relevant GHG emission categories. This baseline is used to
track progress toward achieving the 2030 GHG intensity
reduction targets and the 2050 net-zero ambition.
GHG emissions measurement
SBM Offshore reports its GHG emissions using CO2
equivalent (CO2e) as the standard metric. This approach
enables comparison of emissions from various GHGs based
on their Global Warming Potential (GWP). The amount of
each GHG is converted into an equivalent amount of CO2
that has the same warming effect over a 100-year timescale.
CO2 is assigned a value of 1. Other gases, such as methane
(CH4) and nitrous oxide (N2O), have higher GWPs due to
their greater heat-trapping ability and atmospheric lifetime.
This methodology follows the GHG Protocol and is
consistent with the IPCC guidelines, providing
comparability and transparency in external reporting.
Direct (scope 1) GHG emissions
SBM Offshore applies the operational control approach for
site emissions related to gas consumption and the use of
diesel for backup power generators. To calculate emissions,
SBM Offshore applies the conversion factors provided by
the Dutch Emission Authority, the official website
Co2emissiefactor
 en.nl and the Greenhouse Gas Conversion
Factors by the UK Government. These factors are reviewed
annually to ensure alignment with the most recent available
datasets.
Indirect (scope 2) GHG emissions from purchased or
acquired electricity, steam, heat, and cooling
Scope 2 covers GHG emissions from purchased electricity
for SBM Offshore’s onshore facilities and offices, reported
using both market-based and location-based methods.
SBM Offshore calculates emissions using measured activity
data (kWh consumed) and conversion factors sourced from
the Association of Issuing Bodies and Carbon Footprint
Ltd. For market-based reporting, renewable electricity
backed by valid Energy Attribute Certificates (EACs) is
assigned an emission factor of zero, in line with GHG
Protocol scope 2 Guidance. In countries where EACs are
not available, emissions factors from Carbon Footprint Ltd
are applied. Conversion factors are reviewed annually to
ensure alignment with the latest available datasets.
The reporting scope includes all onshore locations with
more than 10 employees, as per SBM Offshore’s
criteria: the Netherlands (Amsterdam, Rotterdam), the
United States (Houston), Malaysia (Kuala Lumpur),
Switzerland (Marly), Monaco, Brazil (Rio de Janeiro, Santos
shorebase), China (Shanghai), France (Test & Development
Center – T&DC37, Carros Workshop), –Guyana
(Georgetown), India (Bangalore), Portugal (Porto),
Singapore, Angola (Luanda shorebase) and Equatorial
Guinea (Malabo shorebase).
Other indirect (scope 3) GHG emissions
The reported scope 3 categories have been selected based
on an analysis conducted using the GHG Protocol Technical
Guidance for Calculating scope 3 Emissions, in conjunction
with the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (scope 3)
Accounting and Reporting Standard. Since 2021,
SBM Offshore has applied criteria that align with its
emissions reduction goals and the GHG Protocol
guidelines. These criteria consider various factors, including
the size of the footprint, influence, risk, stakeholder
interest, outsourcing, sector guidance and spending/
revenue ratio. The following categories result from this
analysis, also confirmed through annual reassessment:
Category 1 – Purchased Goods and Services
This category includes GHG emissions associated with the
procurement of goods and services for FPSO projects that
SBM Offshore is executing on behalf of its clients. FPSO
projects represent the most significant volume of
purchased goods for SBM Offshore. The following
structures of an FPSO are considered in the calculations of
GHG emissions for this category:
37 T est & Development Center (T&DC) was formerly named Carros
Laboratory.

[page 154]
154 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
• Hull (MPF) – the marine structure of an FPSO.
•
Topsides – the processing facility of an FPSO.
Other parts of the FPSO, such as the mooring structure and
integration components, are not included in these
calculations due to data limitations and their minimal
contribution to total weight.
In line with the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain
(scope 3) Standard, SBM Offshore applies an allocation
method to account for emissions from construction
activities. SBM Offshore estimates scope 3 – Purchased
Goods and Services GHG emissions for assets under
construction using the finance‑reported
percentage‑of‑completion (POC) for the Hull (MPF) and
the Topsides in the reporting period. The POC determines
the share of each project’s total upstream emissions
recognized each year, ensuring proportional allocation to
actual progress. For Topsides, upstream emissions are fully
recognized up to the point the project reaches 60% POC.
Beyond this threshold, no further upstream emissions are
attributed, reflecting that energy‑intensive manufacturing
activiteis (particularly steel fabrication) occurs
predominantly before 60% completion.
SBM Offshore quantifies emissions using proxy emission
factors sourced from the Ecoinvent database. In the
reporting period, SBM Offshore updated from Ecoinvent
version 3.7 to Ecoinvent version 3.11, reflecting
methodology and dataset updates.
Category 6 – Business Travel
Business travel encompasses the GHG emissions
generated by the airplane travel of SBM Offshore
employees for work-related activities. It includes emissions
from flights invoiced through SBM Offshore’s standard
travel system for all entities within its operational control.
Business travel data is determined based on flight
information provided by travel agencies, which includes
itinerary details and mileage per invoice date. If mileage
data is missing, SBM Offshore estimates by using mileage
from similar routes. In addition, SBM Offshore extrapolates
data from the last two weeks of the year to ensure
comprehensive reporting.
As a result, GHG emissions from business flights primarily
stem from the travel distance of each flight segment
provided by suppliers. This distance is then converted to
CO2e using emission factors sourced
from CO2emissiefactoren.nl.
Category 13 – Downstream Leased Assets
SBM Offshore reports on emissions generated by its assets
under lease contracts that produce and/or store
hydrocarbons. GHG emissions stem from energy
consumpt
ion, which includes steam boilers, gas turbines,
and diesel engines, as well as from gas flaring.
The environmental performance of SBM Offshore is
reported by country for the following 15 units:
• Brazil –  FPSO Espirito Santo, FPSO Cidade de Paraty,
FPSO Cidade de Anchieta, FPSO Cidade de Ilhabela,
FPSO Cidade de Marica, FPSO Cidade de Saquarema,
FPSO Sepetiba, FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão, FPSO
Almirante Tamandaré
• Angola – FPSO Mondo, FPSO Saxi Batuque and
N’Goma FPSO
• Guyana – FPSO ONE GUYANA
• Equatorial Guinea – FPSO Aseng
• The United States – Thunder Hawk Floating Production
Unit (FPU)38
Emissions from offshore operations are calculated using the
method described in the EEMS-Atmospheric Emissions
Calculations (Issue 1.810a), as recommended by Oil and
Gas UK. Assets under an O&M service agreement (all assets
except Thunder Hawk FPU) are required to submit a Daily
Report that includes data on energy consumption and gas
flaring. Emissions calculations are facilitated by a software
(Emissions e-Dashboard) that stores raw data from these
daily reports.
The Emissions e-Dashboard is a comprehensive digital tool
designed to monitor, store, analyze, and report emissions
data within SBM Offshore. It serves as a central platform for
tracking various emission sources, such as flared gas and
fuel gas consumption, ensuring compliance with local
regulations and supporting environmental sustainability
goals. By integrating data from multiple systems and
employing advanced analytics, the Emissions e-Dashboard
provides daily updates and insights on emissions trends,
significant contributions, and performance metrics. This
enables operations managers and engineers to make
informed decisions, optimize processes, and implement
effective emissions reduction initiatives.
In addition, the dashboard features a user-friendly interface
that allows easy access to detailed reports, historical data,
and predictive analytics, promoting transparency and
accountability throughout the organization. It also supports
regulatory and contractual reporting requirements,
ensuring accuracy and completeness in emissions data
management.
GHG emissions intensity of downstream leased assets
The scope 3 GHG emission intensity figures disclosed in
section 3.2.2 use hydrocarbon production (measured in
either thousand tonnes of hydrocarbon produced or barrels
38 Owned by SBM Of fshore (lessor) and leased to the client, but without an
operating and maintenance service agreement
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 155]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 155
of oil equivalent – BOE) as the denominator, which is the
standar
d metric adopted in the industry.
Average Operational Excellence flaring of Assets
Operated by SBM Offshore
SBM Offshore reviews and investigates flaring events to
comprehend the causes of flaring that it can influence,
while enhancing operational and environmental
performances. Daily, the total flaring figures are broken
down into categorized events based on the International
Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation
Association (IPIECA) Guidelines. This process is part of daily
reporting, referred to as Flare CSR Reporting (Causes –
Sources – Reasons).
SBM Offshore sets yearly targets aiming to further enhance
operational excellence on the FPSOs for which it provides
O&M services. For 2025, SBM Offshore targeted to limit the
absolute volume of gas flared to below 1.86 million
standard cubic feet per day (MMSCFD) as an average for
the FPSO-operated fleet throughout the year.
Non-GHG emissions (air emissions)
Air emissions refer to the release of pollutants into the
atmosphere. SBM Offshore recognizes that managing
these emissions is crucial for maintaining local air quality, as
air pollution can harm human health, biodiversity and
cultural heritage sites, among others. SBM Offshore
monitors the emissions of air pollutants from its operations,
including carbon monoxide (CO), nitrogen oxides (NOX),
sulfur dioxide (SO2), and volatile organic compounds
(VOCs), which are measured in tonnes.
Energy consumption related to Scope 1, 2 and 3
emissions
SBM Offshore acknowledges that transparently
documenting energy consumption while advancing
knowledge about resource efficiency may support
significant opportunities to mitigate CO2 emissions. This
indicator reflects the total amount of energy consumed by
SBM Offshore operations, which includes total energy
consumption related to scope 1 and 2 emissions as well as
energy consumption in downstream leased assets.
Total energy consumption related to scope 1 and 2
emissions
The energy consumption associated with scope 1 and 2
emissions has been verified either through meter readings,
reports from energy suppliers or confirmations from
landlords of the leased facilities. In shared office spaces,
where only the total energy consumption of the building is
available, SBM Offshore’s energy usage is allocated based
on the proportion of occupied square meters to the
building's total area reported by the landlord.
Total energy consumption from downstream leased
assets
The ener
gy consumption associated with downstream
leased assets is directly measured by SBM Offshore. The
energy required to produce O&G involves various activities,
including:
• Driving pumps to extract hydrocarbons or reinject
produced water.
• Heating produced oil for separation.
• Generating steam.
• Powering compressors to reinject produced gas.
• Running turbines to generate electricity for operational
activities.
The primary sources of energy on offshore units are fuel gas
and marine gas oil. The calculation of consumed energy in
gigajoules (GJ) is based on calorific values and conversion
factors provided by Oil and Gas UK.
Oil in produced water discharges
Produced water is the liquid discharge generated during
the extraction of O&G. After extraction, produced water is
separated and treated to remove oil before being
discharged into surface water, with its quality measured
based on its oil content. There are limits on the
concentration of oil permitted in the effluent discharge
stream.
Environmental releases to air, water or land from offshore
operations are strictly controlled and monitored. Any
incidents are recorded and reported using the
SBM Offshore Incident Management system.
Changes in reporting and continuous improvement
The following reporting changes apply:
•
FPSO Almirante Tamandaré joined the fleet in 2025,
achieving first oil on February 19, 2025.
• FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão joined the fleet in 2025,
achieving first oil on May 24, 2025.
• FPSO ONE GUYANA joined the fleet in 2025, achieving
first oil on August 8, 2025.
• In January 2025, SBM Offshore completed the full
divestment of its equity interest in the lease and
operating entities of FPSO Kikeh to MISC. Since this
asset is no longer part of the fleet and its impact on
GHG emissions for the year is not considered material,
none of its emissions were accounted for in scope 3 for
Downstream Leased Assets for the reporting year.
• In December 2025, SBM Offshore sold the Thunder
Hawk FPU and divested its shareholding interest in
FPSO Aseng. Since both transactions were formalized in
December 2025 and to ensure consistency with the
previous reporting year, the total emissions from these
assets in the year were allocated under scope 3 for
Downstream Leased Assets (Category 13) in the current

[page 156]
156 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
reporting year, but removed from its scope in the
fol
lowing reporting cycle. For informational purposes,
SBM Offshore estimated the remaining lifetime
emissions for the Thunder Hawk FPU and FPSO Aseng
at 437,256 tonnes of CO2e and 930,102 tonnes of CO2e,
respectively, from 2026 until each asset’s expected end
of life.
SBM Offshore is committed to continuous improvement
and regularly reviews and updates its emissions scope and
calculation methodologies. In 2025, SBM Offshore
developed a met
hod to estimate the expected remaining
lifecycle emissions of a FPSO or similar unit in the event of
selling downstream leased assets. These ongoing efforts
aim to enhance the accuracy and comprehensiveness of
emissions reporting, aligning with SBM Offshore’s
sustainability objectives.
Emission factors for scope 1 and 2
Country Location Emission factors scope 1
Emission factors scope 2
(Locat
ion based)
Emission factors scope 2
(Market based)
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
The Netherlands
Amsterdam 1.7791 1.7791 0.2512 0.1713 02 03
Schiedam KDW 48 N/A4 1.7791 N/A4 0.1713 N/A4 03
Schiedam KDW 66 N/A4 1.7791 N/A4 0.1713 N/A4 03
Rotterdam 1.7791 N/A4 0.2512 N/A4 02 N/A4
India Bangalore 2.6625 2.6625 0.9526 0.9347 06 07
France Test & Development Center - - 0.0192 0.0343 02 03
Carros Workshop 2.0675 2.0455 0.0192 0.0343 02 03
Guyana Georgetown (Sheriff Street) 2.6625 - 0.7196 0.7537 0.7196 0.7537
Georgetown (Turkeyen) 2.6625 - 0.7196 0.7537 0.7196 0.7537
United States Houston - - 0.3556 0.3757 06 0.3757
Malaysia Kuala Lumpur - - 0.6216 0.6157 06 07
Portugal
LBH.E (Lionesa Business Hub) - - 0.4302 0.4173 02 03
LBH.A (Lionesa Business Hub) - - 0.4302 0.4173 02 03
LBH.B (Lionesa Business Hub) - - 0.4302 0.4173 02 03
Angola Luanda Shorebase 2.6625 2.6625 0.1576 0.1677 0.1576 0.1677
Equatorial Guinea Malabo Shorebase - - 0.3506 0.3467 0.3506 0.3467
Switzerland Marly - - 0.0042 0.0063 02 03
Monaco Monaco - - 0.0192 0.0343 02 03
Brazil Rio de Janeiro - - 0.0646 0.0747 06 07
Santos Shorebase - - 0.0646 0.0747 06 07
China Shanghai - - 0.6636 0.6617 06 07
Singapore Singapore - - 0.4956 0.5027 06 07
1 Source: CO 2emissiefactor en.nl.
2 Source: Association of Issuing Bodies 2024.
3 Source: Association of Issuing Bodies 2023.
4 SBM Offshore reclocated from the Schiedam offices to a new office in Rotterdam in December 2024.
5 Source: DEFRA 2024.
6 Source: Carbon Footprint Ltd 2025.
7 Source: Carbon Footprint Ltd 2024.
IOGP Benchmark
The Internat
ional Association of Oil and Gas Producers
(IOGP) is a global industry organization that establishes
standards and shares best practices for oil and gas
operations. One of its primary initiatives is the
Environmental Performance Indicators program that
pr
ovides benchmarks for emissions, discharges, and other
environmental metrics, ensuring transparency in sector
performance and allowing for comparison with global best
practices.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 157]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 157
Environmental Performance
Ind
icator
Benchmark
V
alue Unit Reference
Total GHG Emissions 131 tonnes of GHG/1,000 tonnes of hydrocarbon
pr
oduction
IOGP Environmental Performance
Ind
icators − 2023 data
Total Gas Flared 8.8 tonnes of gas flar ed/1,000 tonnes of hydrocarbon
production
IOGP Environmental Performance
Ind
icators − 2023 data
Energy Consumption 1.5 GJ/tonnes of hydrocarbon production IOGP Environmental Performance
Ind
icators − 2023 data
Oil-in-water 11.9 tonnes oil discharged to sea from produced
water/10^6 tonnes of hydr
ocarbon production
IOGP Environmental Performance
Ind
icators − 2023 data
Oil Spills 0.4 oil spills greater than 1 barrel of oil per day/10^6
tonnes of hydr
ocarbon production
IOGP Environmental Performance
Ind
icators − 2023 data
EU TAXONOMY
ESRS E1
EU Taxonomy Assessment
EU Taxonomy assessment at SBM Offshore follows a two-
step process. First, it is determined whether an economic
activity is Taxonomy-eligible, meaning it falls within the
scope of the Taxonomy and can contribute to one of its six
environmental objectives.
Eligible activities are then assessed for alignment based on
the four overarching conditions outlined in the Regulation:
1. Substantial contribution to at least one environmental
objective;
2. Do No Significant Harm (DNSH) to the other
environmental objectives;
3. Comply with the Minimum Safeguards 39;
4. Comply with the Technical Screening Criteria (TSC).
The criteria for eligible activities and the corresponding
TSC are defined in the Climate Delegated Act40 and the
Environmental Delegated Act41, including their subsequent
amendments (collectively, the ’Delegated Acts’).
At SBM Offshore, the Taxonomy assessment follows the
aforementioned guidance: potentially eligible activities are
screened for eligibility and then evaluated for alignment
with the TSC and DNSH requirements set by the Delegated
Acts.
Significant contribution to environmental objectives
SBM Offshore considers certain R&D expenditures as
Taxonomy-eligible as they meet the criteria for substantial
39 As described in Art icle 18 of the Regulation, the minimum safeguards are
procedures implemented by an undertaking that is carrying out an
economic activity to ensure the alignment with the OECD Guidelines for
Multinational Enterprises and the UN Guiding Principles on Business and
Human Rights, including the principles and rights set out in the eight
fundamental conventions identified in the Declaration of the International
Labour Organization on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and
the International Bill of Human Rights.
40 Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021
supplementing regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and
of the Council and amended by the Commission Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2022/1214 of 9 March 2022 and the Commission Delegated
Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023.
41 Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2486 of 27 June 2023
supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and
of the Council.
contribution to climate change mitigation applicable to
r
esearch, development and innovation activities.
SBM Offshore’s R&D program involves advancing solutions
for renewable energy, carbon capture, transportation and
storage, lower-carbon products, and broader
decarbonization – several of which fall under Taxonomy-
eligible economic activities.
In 2025, SBM Offshore supported R&D in renewable energy
technologies (including modules for floating wind and
floating solar PV), hydrogen, ammonia, and carbon capture
and storage (CCS). These investments aim to enhance the
technical and economic viability of lower-emission
technologies and for some of them enable their future
scale-up. For example, SBM Offshore continued to invest in
technologies that enable offshore and onshore CCS,
supporting their applicability across multiple industries.
SBM Offshore also supports R&D related to demonstration
projects operated under permits from competent
authorities, with the objective of validating the feasibility of
innovative technologies.
Preparation for re-use of products and components at end
of life is considered an eligible activity contributing to the
circular economy objective when SBM Offshore can re-use
waste materials or components without further processing.
It substantially contributes to circular economy when a
series of criteria are met.
Ownership of buildings may substantially contribute to
climate mitigation when specific Taxonomy criteria are
fulfilled. In 2025, SBM Offshore did not confirm alignment
of its office or shorebase buildings with these requirements.
Do No Significant Harm Principles (DNSH)
SBM Offshore could not confirm alignment with all DNSH
criteria for the mapped eligible activities. Consequently,
SBM Offshore has not reported activities as Taxonomy-
aligned for this reporting period.
Minimum Safeguards
As outlined in section 3.3.3, SBM Offshoreis committed to
conducting all operations in conformity with the Minimum

[page 158]
158 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Safeguards, supported by policies and procedures to have
t
his objective across all economic activities undertaken.
Definition of financial key performance indicators and
methodology
SBM Offshore reports the share of its Turnover, Capital
Expenditure (CAPEX) and Operating Expenditure (OPEX) –
the KPIs – linked to environmentally sustainable activities
applying the methodology outlined in the Disclosures
Delegated Act42.
The Taxonomy KPIs derive from the same financial data
used for SBM Offshore’s IFRS-compliant consolidated
financial statements. The KPIs totals (denominator) and
taxonomy-aligned portion (numerator) are sourced from
SBM Offshore’s financial reporting and consolidation
system. To prevent double counting, each KPI’s numerator
includes revenues and expenditures assigned to a single
environmental objective.
Turnover
Corresponds to SBM Offshore’s revenue from Turnkey and
Lease and Operate activities during the reporting year and
is equal to total revenue presented in section 4.2.1). A
significant part of SBM Offshore’s business serves the O&G
extraction industry. Since the EU Taxonomy does not
include O&G economic activities in its Delegated Acts,
revenues linked to these activities —even those supporting
decarbonization, resources efficiency, and the transition to
a lower-carbon economy — cannot be considered
Taxonomy-eligible.
CAPEX
Consists of additions to tangible and intangible assets
during the reporting year, before depreciation, amortization
or re-measurements. It reconciles with the ’Additions’ lines
disclosed in sections 4.3.13 and 4.3.14 of the consolidated
financial statements and recognized under IAS 16, IFRS 16
and IAS 38. Most of SBM Offshore’s CAPEX is not
Taxonomy eligible, as it relates to O&G extraction products
and services not covered by the Delegated Acts, even
though some investments contribute to energy-efficiency
and decarbonization efforts.
OPEX
Corresponds to the direct non-capitalized costs for R&D,
short-term leases, building renovations, maintenance and
repair, and other direct expenditures required for the
continued and effective functioning of property, plants and
equipment (PP&E), performed by SBM Offshore or third-
party contractors. A significant share of OPEX for
Taxonomy-eligible activities at SBM Offshore relates to
R&D supporting offshore renewable energy solutions.
42 Commission Delegated Regulat ion (EU) 2021/2178 of 6 July 2021
supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and
of the Council.
Maintenance and repair costs for leased and/or operated
FPSOs ar
e part of services SBM Offshore provides to
customers. These expenses are recorded as direct ’cost of
sales’ in the Consolidated Income Statement under IFRS
and amounts invoiced for those services are included in
total revenue. As costs related with provision of
maintenance and repair services on customer-owned or
customer-leased assets, these expenses are not included in
the OPEX KPI.
3.7.3 SOCIAL REPORTING BOUNDARIES
OUR PEOPLE
ESRS S1
SBM Offshore’s HR data covers the global workforce and is
broken down by countries, gender and employment type.
The performance indicators report on the workforce status
at year-end December 31, 2025. They include all staff
assigned on unlimited or fixed-term contracts, employee
new hires and departures, the total number of locally-
employed staff from agencies and all crew working on
board on the offshore operations units and shorebases.
In general, human resources initiatives and goals have
continued, without a specific time frame. The performance
and effectiveness of actions and projects are evaluated
annually.
When referencing all SBM Offshore workforce collectively,
this report uses the term ’Our People’, which means directly
hired (also called ’employee’ in this report), contractors and
individuals employed by a third party working in
employment activities. Unless otherwise stated, the
material impacts and opportunities outlined in this section
apply to all individuals within SBM Offshore workforce.
Beside that, certain policies, actions, metrics, and targets
are specific to employees.
Headcount, turnover, equal remuneration and
nationalization
Human Resources considers:
• a ’direct hire’ employee is a staff member holding a
labor contract for either an unlimited or a defined period
(or an offer letter for an unlimited period in the USA).
Direct hires are recorded on the payroll, directly paid by
one entity of SBM Offshore (including joint ventures).
Direct hires perform mainly managerial, engineering and
support activities.
• a ’contractor’ is an individual performing work for or on
behalf of SBM Offshore. A contractor is not recognized
as an employee under national law or practice
(contractors do not form part of any of SBM Offshore’s
company payroll. Contractors issue invoices for services
rendered). Contractors work on projects using their
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 159]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 159
expertise to perform engineering or technical activities,
especial
ly on site.
• a ’Subcontractor’ is an individual excluded from the
headcount because subcontractors are not considered
as staff in the HR headcount breakdown structure.
Subcontractors are managed as a temporary service and
are not covered by HR processes and policies. Yet,
SBM Offshore has rigorous processes and procedures in
place for subcontractors.
SBM Offshore’s headcount figures are based on the
number of people, as individuals, that are working for
SBM Offshore at a specific given time. Headcount includes
all types of staff independently from their contract or their
work schedule. The Annual Report figures are based on the
headcount at December 31, 2025.
In principle, reporting on headcount includes contractors,
while turnover only includes direct hires. Turnover has been
calculated as the number of employees who have left
SBM Offshore (between January 1 and December 31, 2025)
compared to the aggregate of the headcount on
December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2025; divided by
two, with the result multiplied by 100.
Concerning equal remuneration, SBM Offshore considers
direct hires (excluding joint ventures and internships) in all
locations. The gender pay gap has been calculated as such:
average compa-ratio female/average compa-ratio male.
For fleet operations, engagement and development of the
local workforce are the main indicators for successful
implementation of the local content development plan.
SBM Offshore monitors the percentage of the local
workforce (excluding contractors) − the percentage of
nationalization per region (the majority of SBM Offshore’s
offshore population are located in Brazil, Angola and
Guyana) − and invests in training to increase or maintain
the targeted level of nationals. For example, specific
programs in the countries mentioned focus on education
and training of nationals to facilitate them entering the
workforce with the required level of qualifications and
knowledge.
Gender
SBM Offshore operates in various countries, including
where certain personal identities are not recognized or
prohibited by local legislation. In order to have a single
approach that is compliant in every country where
SBM Offshore operates, only two genders are recorded:
Male and Female.
Performance Management
In order to ensure personal development and the optimal
management of performance, SBM Offshore conducts
annual performance reviews for its employees, using
global
ly a common system to rate and evaluate them. For
the reporting on Performance Appraisals, SBM Offshore
included permanent staff, temporary (only from Brazil and
the Netherlands) and JV staff (apart from FPSO Kikeh) of
employees that joined SBM Offshore before October 1,
2024 and that were still with SBM Offshore on
December 31, 2024.
Collective Bargaining
Within SBM Offshore, three entities conduct a yearly
bargaining process: Angola, Brazil and the Schiedam entity
in the Netherlands. In the other entities of SBM Offshore,
direct hire employees are commonly represented by
internal representatives that are elected on a yearly basis
and according to the respective countries’ labor practices.
In the few places where employee representation is not
organized, SBM Offshore considers the employee
handbook as a valid labor agreement between the
employee and the employer, signed during the hiring
process.
Forced and child labor
SBM Offshore has not identified risk of forced labor or child
labor within its operations.
HEALTH, SAFETY AND SECURITY
ESRS S1-14
SBM Offshore’s people work in demanding roles and
conditions, with different risks to manage. The Health,
Safety and Security (HSS) performance indicator boundaries
take into account:
• Employees, which include all direct hires, part-time
employees, locally-hired agency staff (’direct
contractors’) in the fabrication sites, offices and offshore
workers, i.e. all people working for SBM Offshore.
• Contractors, which include any person employed by a
contractor or contractor’s subcontractor(s) who is directly
involved in execution of prescribed work under a
contract with SBM Offshore.
HSS incidents are reported and managed through
SBM Offshore’s incident management tool (IFS Incident
Management/Corrective Action Preventive Action (IM/
CAPA) module).
Occupational Safety incidents that lead to Occupational
Injuries and Illness are categorized and classified based on
the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA)
definition that is prescribed by IOGP Safety data reporting
user guide – Scope and definitions (IOGP Report 2023su)
and Health Performance Indicators (IOGP-Ipieca Report
393) respectively. The main type of work-related injury
categories are Slips, Trips and Falls, followed by Line of
Fire. Investigation depth and resources are allocated
accordingly to the incident critically and potential severity

[page 160]
160 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
and are performed by competent personnel using
adequate met
hodology such as TapRoot®. SBM Offshore is
ISM certified for offshore production fleet and operation
offices, as well as being compliant with ISO 45001 as per
certification and classification table (section 3.6.4).
Employees are provided with HSS training to familiarize
themselves with SBM Offshore’s health, safety, and security
rules and regulations. The training topics are based on the
hazards identified through the above identification process
as well as safety studies and regulatory requirements. The
promotion of a speak up culture – as described in section
2.5.2 – contributes to the identification process. Inclusion
and non-retaliation are part of the Speak Up Policy.
Process Safety
A Loss of Primary Containment (LOPC) is defined as an
unplanned or uncontrolled release of any material from
primary containment, including non-toxic and non-
flammable materials (e.g. steam, hot condensate, nitrogen,
compressed CO2 or compressed air).
A Tier 1 PSE is defined as an LOPC from a process system
that meets criteria defined in API RP 754.
LOPC events are reported in SBM Offshore’s reporting
system as highlighted in sections 3.3.2 and 3.7. This system
includes a built-in calculation tool to assist the user in
determining the release quantity of LOPC events. All
LOPCs are analyzed to identify those considered to be
PSEs as per API RP 754. Process Safety KPIs reported by
SBM Offshore include the number of Tier 1 and Tier 2 PSEs.
SBM Offshore encourages employees and contractors to
report the PSE minor LOPC (weeps and seeps) and
precursors (e.g. integrity conditions, losing items), using
them as a basis for leading initiatives aiming at minimizing
the probability of major events occurring.
For the purposes of incident reporting, SBM Offshore
reports against the three levels of incident Tier used by
IOGP 456/ API 754:
• Tier 1: All events having actual severity of 4 or 5 as
defined in the Common Thresholds Matrix.
• Tier 2: All events having an actual severity of 3 as
defined in the Common Thresholds Matrix.
• Tier 3: All events having actual severity of 1 or 2 as
defined in the Common Thresholds Matrix.
Tier 1 Process Safety Events are further classified using the
API 754 Severity Weighting methodology, which scores
severity points to each PSE Tier 1 events based on defined
consequence categories.
3.7.4 GOVERNANCE REPORTING
BOUNDARIES
ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE
ESRS G1
Significant fines
SBM Offshore reports on significant fines paid by
SBM Offshore and all affiliate companies. To define a
significant fine the following threshold is considered
(subject to final assessment by the Management Board on a
case-by-case basis): operational fines of a regulatory and/or
administrative nature which exceed US$500,000.
Corruption and bribery
SBM Offshore has a zero-tolerance policy towards bribery
and corruption. SBM Offshore Workforce and Third Parties
acting on its behalf must comply with all applicable anti-
bribery and corruption laws and strictly reject all forms of
bribery and corruption.
Corruption is the misuse of power or an official position for
personal gain. It includes criminal activities such as bribery,
extortion, and money laundering. Bribery is a form of
corruption that involves offering, giving, promising,
requesting, receiving, or accepting anything of value (such
as money, gifts, favors, travel expenses, or charitable
contributions) to influence an action or decision for
improper commercial, contractual, regulatory, or personal
advantage. A Bribe seeks to influence a person in a
position of trust for improper gain and can take various
forms, including money or favors.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 161]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 161
3.8 ESG CONTENT INDEX
ESRS 2 IRO-2
This annual report has been prepared to comply with the
European Sustainability Reporting Standards principles and
disclosure requirements, prioritizing and emphasizing the
most material informat
ion to produce a concise, relevant
and clear report.
The ESG content index includes the ESRS references.
Material Topic ESRS Reference Disclosure Requirement Section
General Disclosures ESRS 2 BP-1 General basis for preparation of
sustainabil
ity statements 3.1.1; 3.7
General Disclosures ESRS 2 BP-2 Disclosures in relation to specific
cir
cumstances 3.1.1; 3.7
General Disclosures ESRS 2 GOV-1
The role of the administrative,
management and supervisory
bod
ies
2.1.2; 2.1.3; 2.2; 3.1.1; 3.4.1
General Disclosures ESRS 2 GOV-2
Information provided to and
sustainabil
ity matters addressed by
the undertaking’s administrative,
management and supervisory
bodies
2.1.2; 2.1.3; 2.2; 2.5; 3.1.1
General Disclosures ESRS 2 GOV-3 Integration of sustainability-related
performance in incent
ive schemes 2.3.1; 2.3.2; 3.1.1; 3.2.2
General Disclosures ESRS 2 GOV-4 Statement on due diligence 1.4; 2.1.2; 2.5; 3.1.1; 3.1.3; 3.1.4;
3.3.3; 3.4; 3.7
General Disclosures ESRS 2 GOV-5
Risk management and internal
contr
ols over sustainability
reporting
1.4; 2.1; 2.2; 2.5; 3.1.1
General Disclosures ESRS 2 SBM-1 Strategy, business model and value
chain
1.2; 1.3; 3.1.2 3.1.4; 3.7; 4.1.1
General Disclosures ESRS 2 SBM-2 Interests and views of stakeholders 1.4; 2.1; 2.5.2; 3.1.3; 3.1.4; 3.2.2;
3.2.3; 3.3; 3.4; 3.7
General Disclosures ESRS 2 SBM-3
Material impacts, risks and
opportunit
ies and their interaction
with strategy and business model
1.2; 1.3; 1.4; 2.5; 3.1.4; 3.1.5; 3.2.1;
3.2.2; 3.2.3; 3.3; 3.4; 3.7; 4.3.27
General Disclosures ESRS 2 IRO-1
Description of the processes to
ident
ify and assess material
impacts, risks and opportunities
1.4; 2.5; 3.1.3; 3.1.4; 3.1.5; 3.2.1;
3.2.2; 3.2.3; 3.3; 3.4; 3.7; 4.3.27
General Disclosures ESRS 2 IRO-2
Disclosure requirements in ESRS
cover
ed by the undertaking’s
sustainability statement
3.1.4; 3.8; 3.9
Emissions E1 GOV-3 Integration of sustainability-related
performance in incent
ive schemes 2.3.1; 2.3.2; 2.3.4; 3.1.1; 3.2.2
Emissions E1 E1-1 Transition plan for climate change
mit
igation
1.1.3; 1.3; 1.4; 1.5; 3.1.1; 3.2.1; 3.2.2;
3.2.4; 3.6.1.1; 3.6.1.2; 4.2.1; 4.3.7;
4.3.13; 4.3.27
Emissions E1 SBM-3
Material impacts, risks and
opportunit
ies and their interaction
with strategy and business model
1.4; 3.1.4; 3.2.1; 3.2.2; 3.7
Emissions E1 IRO-1
Description of the processes to
ident
ify and assess material climate-
related impacts, risks and
opportunities
1.4; 3.1.3; 3.1.4; 3.2.1; 3.2.2; 3.7;
4.3.27
Emissions E1 E1-2 Policies related to climate change
mit
igation and adaptation 1.1.3; 3.2.2
Emissions E1 E1-3 Actions and resources in relation to
cl
imate change policies
1.3; 1.5; 3.2.1; 3.2.2; 3.2.4; 4.2.1;
4.3.7; 4.3.13; 4.3.27
Emissions E1 E1-4 Targets related to climate change
mit
igation and adaptation 1.1.3; 3.2.1; 3.2.2; 3.6.1.1; 3.6.3;3.7.2
Emissions E1 E1-5 Energy consumption & mix 3.2.2; 3.6.1.1; 3.6.3; 3.7.2

[page 162]
162 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Material Topic ESRS Reference Disclosure Requirement Section
Emissions E1 E1-6
Gross scopes 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG
emissions 3.2.2; 3.6.1.1; 3.6.3; 3.7.2
Emissions E1 E1-7
GHG removals and GHG mitigation
pr
ojects financed through carbon
credits
3.2.2
Emissions E1 E1-8 Internal carbon pricing   Not material per the outcome of
DMA.
Emissions E1 E1-9
Anticipated financial ef fects from
material physical and transition risks
and potential climate-related
opportunities
Reported only qualitative
d
isclosures in sections 3.2.1 and
3.2.2 based on ESRS phased-in
disclosure requirements (transitional
provision).
Decommissioning ESRS 2 SBM-3
Material impacts, risks and
opportunit
ies and their interaction
with strategy and business model
1.4; 3.1.4; 3.2.3; 3.7
Decommissioning ESRS 2 MDR-P
Policies in place to manage
material impacts, risks and
opportunit
ies
1.1.3; 3.2.3
Decommissioning ESRS 2 MDR-A
Actions and resources to manage
material impacts, risks, and
opportunit
ies
1.3; 1.4; 1.5; 3.2.3; 4.2.7; 4.3.24
Decommissioning
ESRS 2 MDR-M
Metrics used to evaluate
performance and ef
fectiveness in
relation to a material impact, risk or
opportunity
1.1.3; 3.2.3; 3.7.1
ESRS 2 MDR-T Targets set to manage material
impacts, risks and opportunit
ies
Our People S1 SBM-2 Interests and views of stakeholders 3.1.3; 3.1.4; 3.3.1; 3.7
Our People S1 SBM-3
Material impacts, risks and
opportunit
ies and their interaction
with strategy and business model
1.4; 3.1.4; 3.3.1; 3.7
Our People S1 S1-1 Policies related to own workforce 1.1.3; 3.3.1
Our People S1 S1-2
Processes for engaging with own
workers and workers’
r
epresentatives about impacts
3.1.3; 3.1.4; 3.3.1; 3.4.1; 3.7
Our People S1 S1-3
Processes to remediate negative
impacts and channels for own
workers to raise concerns
2.5.2; 3.1.3; 3.3.1; 3.4.1
Our People S1 S1-4
Taking action on material impacts
and appr
oaches to mitigating
material risks and pursuing material
opportunities related to own
workforce, and effectiveness of
those actions and approaches
1.1.3; 1.4; 2.5; 3.1.3; 3.3.1; 3.4.1;
3.6.2.1; 3.6.3; 3.7.3; 4.2.1; 4.3.14;
4.3.6
Our People S1 S1-5
Targets related to managing
material impacts, advancing
posit
ive impacts, as well as to risks
and opportunities
1.1.3; 3.3.1
Our People S1 S1-6 Characteristics of the undertaking’s
employees
3.3.1; 3.6.2.1; 3.6.3; 3.7.3; 4.3.6
Our People S1 S1-7
Characteristics of non-employee
workers in t
he undertaking’s own
workforce
3.3.1; 3.6.2.1; 3.6.3; 3.7.3
Our People S1 S1-8 Collective bargaining coverage and
social d
ialogue
Not material per the outcome of
DMA.
Our People S1 S1-9 Diversity metrics 3.3.1; 3.6.2.1; 3.6.3; 3.7.3
Our People S1 S1-10 Adequate Wages 3.3.1; 3.6.2.1; 3.7.3
Our People S1 S1-11 Social protection Not material per the outcome of
DMA.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 163]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 163
Material Topic ESRS Reference Disclosure Requirement Section
Our People S1 S1-12 Persons with disabilities Not material per the outcome of
DMA.
Our People S1 S1-13 Training and Skills Development
metrics
3.3.1; 3.6.2.1; 3.7.3
Our People S1 S1-15 Work-life balance Not material per the outcome of
DMA.
Our People S1 S1-16 Remuneration metrics (pay gap and
total r
emuneration) 2.3.2; 3.3.1; 3.6.2.1; 3.7.3
Our People S1 S1-17 Incidents, complaints and severe
human rights impacts
3.3.1; 3.3.3; 3.4.1
Health, Safety and
Security
ESRS 2 SBM-3
Material impacts, risks and
opportunit
ies and their interaction
with strategy and business model
1.4; 3.1.4; 3.3.2; 3.7
Health, Safety and
Security
ESRS 2 MDR-P
Policies in place to manage
material impacts, risks and
opportunit
ies
1.1.3; 3.3.2
Health, Safety and
Security
ESRS 2 MDR-A
Actions and resources to manage
material impacts, risks, and
opportunit
ies
1.4; 3.3.2; 4.2.1
Health, Safety and
Security
ESRS 2 MDR-M
Metrics used to evaluate
performance and ef
fectiveness in
relation to a material impact, risk or
opportunity
1.1.3; 3.3.2; 3.6.2.2; 3.6.3; 3.6.4; 3.7
ESRS 2 MDR-T Targets set to manage material
impacts, risks and opportunit
ies
S1 S1-14 Health and safety metrics
Human rights S2 SBM-2 Interests and views of stakeholders 3.1.3; 3.1.4; 3.3.3; 3.7
Human rights S2 SBM-3
Material impacts, risks and
opportunit
ies and their interaction
with strategy and business model
1.4; 3.1.4; 3.3.3; 3.7
Human rights S2 S2-1 Policies related to value chain
workers
1.1.3; 3.3.3; 3.4.1
Human rights S2 S2-2 Processes for engaging with value
chain workers about impacts
3.1.3; 3.1.4; 3.3.3; 3.4.1; 3.7
Human rights S2 S2-3
Processes to remediate negative
impacts and channels for value
chain workers to raise concerns
2.5.2; 3.1.3; 3.3.3; 3.4.1
Human rights S2 S2-4
Taking action on material impacts
and appr
oaches to mitigating
material risks and pursuing material
opportunities related to value chain
workers, and effectiveness of those
actions and approaches
1.1.3; 1.4; 2.5; 3.1.3; 3.3.3; 3.4.1; 4.2.1
Human rights S2 S2-5
Targets related to managing
material negat
ive impacts,
advancing positive impacts, and
managing material risks and
opportunities
1.1.3; 3.3.3
Ethics and Compliance G1 GOV-1
The role of the administrative,
supervisory and management
bod
ies
2.1.2; 2.1.3; 2.2; 2.5.2; 3.1.1; 3.4.1
Ethics and Compliance G1 IRO-1
Description of the processes to
ident
ify and assess material
impacts, risks and opportunities
1.4; 2.5.2; 3.1.3; 3.1.4; 3.4.1; 3.7
Ethics and Compliance G1 G1-1
Corporate culture and business
conduct pol
icies and corporate
culture
1.1.3; 2.5.2; 3.4.1
Ethics and Compliance G1 G1-2 Management of relationships with
suppl
iers 2.5.2; 3.3.3; 3.4.1

[page 164]
164 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Material Topic ESRS Reference Disclosure Requirement Section
Ethics and Compliance G1 G1-3 Prevention and detection of
corrupt
ion and bribery 2.5.2; 3.4.1
Ethics and Compliance G1 G1-4 Confirmed incidents of corrupt ion
or bribery 1.1.3; 2.5.2; 3.4.1; 3.7.4
Ethics and Compliance G1 G1-5 Political influence and lobbying
act
ivities
Not material per the outcome of
DMA.
Ethics and Compliance G1 G1-6 Payment practices Not material per the outcome of
DMA.
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 165]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 165
3.9 DA TAPOINTS THAT DERIVE
FROM OTHER EU LEGISLATION
ESRS 2 IRO-2
Disclosure Requirement and
r
elated datapoint SFDR reference Pillar 3 reference
Benchmark Regulation
r
eference
EU Climate
Law
r
eference Section
ESRS 2 GOV-1
Boar
d’s gender diversity
paragraph 21 (d)
Indicator number
13 of T
able #1 of
Annex 1
Commission
Delegated
Regulat
ion (EU)
2020/1816, Annex II
2.1.9
ESRS 2 GOV-1
Per
centage of board
members who are
independent paragraph
21 (e)
Delegated
Regulat
ion (EU)
2020/1816, Annex II
2.2
ESRS 2 GOV-4
Statement on due
d
iligence paragraph 30
Indicator number
10 T
able #3 of
Annex 1
1.4; 2.1.2; 2.5;
3.1.1; 3.1.3; 3.1.4;
3.3.3; 3.4.1; 3.7
ESRS 2 SBM-1
Involvement in act
ivities
related to fossil fuel
activities paragraph 40
(d) i
Indicators number
4 T
able #1 of Annex
1
Article 449a Regulation
(EU) No 575/2013;
Commission
Implement
ing
Regulation (EU)
2022/245328 Table 1:
Qualitative information
on Environmental risk
and Table 2:
Qualitative information
on Social risk
Delegated
Regulat
ion (EU)
2020/1816, Annex II
1.2; 1.3; 3.1.23.7;
4.1.1
ESRS 2 SBM-1
Involvement in act
ivities
related to chemical
production paragraph
40 (d) ii
Indicator number 9
T
able #2 of Annex 1
Delegated
Regulat
ion (EU)
2020/1816, Annex II
Not material
ESRS 2 SBM-1
Involvement in act
ivities
related to controversial
weapons paragraph 40
(d) iii
Indicator number
14 T
able #1 of
Annex 1
Delegated
Regulat
ion (EU)
2020/181829, Article
12(1) Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1816, Annex II
Not material
ESRS 2 SBM-1
Involvement in act
ivities
related to cultivation
and production of
tobacco paragraph 40
(d) iv
Delegated
Regulat
ion (EU)
2020/1818, Article
12(1) Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1816, Annex II
Not material
ESRS E1-1
T
ransition plan to reach
climate neutrality by
2050 paragraph 14
Regulation
(EU)
2021/1119,
Art
icle 2(1)
1.3; 1.5; 3.2.1;
3.2.2; 3.2.4;
3.6.1.1; 3.6.1.2;
4.2.1; 4.3.7;
4.3.13; 4.3.27
ESRS E1-1
Undertakings excluded
fr
om Paris-aligned
Benchmarks paragraph
16 (g)
Article 449a Regulation
(EU) No 575/2013;
Commission
Implement
ing
Regulation (EU)
2022/2453 Template 1:
Banking book –
Climate Change
transition risk: Credit
quality of exposures by
sector, emissions and
residual maturity
Delegated
Regulat
ion (EU)
2020/1818,
Article12.1 (d) to (g),
and Article 12.2
3.2.2

[page 166]
166 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Disclosure Requirement and
r
elated datapoint SFDR reference Pillar 3 reference
Benchmark Regulation
r
eference
EU Climate
Law
r
eference Section
ESRS E1-4
GHG emission
r
eduction targets
paragraph 34
Indicator number 4
T
able #2 of Annex 1
Article 449a Regulation
(EU) No 575/2013;
Commission
Implement
ing
Regulation (EU)
2022/2453 Template 3:
Banking book –
Climate change
transition risk:
alignment metrics
Delegated
Regulat
ion (EU)
2020/1818, Article 6
1.1.3; 3.2.1; 3.2.2;
3.6.1.1; 3.7.2
ESRS E1-5
Ener
gy consumption
from fossil sources
disaggregated by
sources (only high
climate impact sectors)
paragraph 38
Indicator number 5
T
able #1 and
Indicator number 5
Table #2 of Annex 1
3.2.2; 3.6.1.1;
3.7.2
ESRS E1-5
Ener
gy consumption
and mix paragraph 37
Indicator number 5
T
able #1 of Annex 1
3.2.2; 3.6.1.1;
3.6.3; 3.7.2
ESRS E1-5
Ener
gy intensity
associated with
activities in high climate
impact sectors
paragraphs 40 to 43
Indicator number 6
T
able #1 of Annex 1
3.2.2; 3.6.1.1;3.7.2
ESRS E1-6
Gr
oss scope 1, 2, 3 and
Total GHG emissions
paragraph 44
Indicators number
1 and 2 T
able #1 of
Annex 1
Article 449a;
Regulat
ion (EU) No
575/2013; Commission
Implementing
Regulation (EU)
2022/2453 Template 1:
Banking book –
Climate change
transition risk: Credit
quality of exposures by
sector, emissions and
residual maturity
Delegated
Regulat
ion (EU)
2020/1818, Article
5(1), 6 and 8(1)
3.2.2; 3.6.1.1;
3.6.3; 3.7.2
ESRS E1-6
Gr
oss GHG emissions
intensity paragraphs 53
to 55
Indicators number
3 T
able #1 of Annex
1
Article 449a Regulation
(EU) No 575/2013;
Commission
Implement
ing
Regulation (EU)
2022/2453 Template 3:
Banking book –
Climate change
transition risk:
alignment metrics
Delegated
Regulat
ion (EU)
2020/1818, Article
8(1)
3.2.2; 3.6.1.1;
3.7.2
ESRS E1-7
GHG r
emovals and
carbon credits
paragraph 56
Regulation
(EU)
2021/1119,
Art
icle 2(1)
3.2.2
ESRS E1-9
Exposur
e of the
benchmark portfolio to
climate-related physical
risks paragraph 66
Delegated
Regulat
ion (EU)
2020/1818, Annex II
Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1816, Annex II
3.2.1; 3.2.2
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 167]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 167
Disclosure Requirement and
r
elated datapoint SFDR reference Pillar 3 reference
Benchmark Regulation
r
eference
EU Climate
Law
r
eference Section
ESRS E1-9
Disaggr
egation of
monetary amounts by
acute and chronic
physical risk paragraph
66 (a) ESRS E1-9
Location of significant
assets at material
physical risk paragraph
66 (c).
Article 449a Regulation
(EU) No 575/2013;
Commission
Implement
ing
Regulation (EU)
2022/2453 paragraphs
46 and 47; Template 5:
Banking book –
Climate change
physical risk: Exposures
subject to physical risk.
3.2.1; 3.2.2
ESRS E1-9
Locat
ion of significant
assets at material
physical risk paragraph
66 (c).
Article 449a Regulation
(EU) No 575/2013;
Commission
Implement
ing
Regulation (EU)
2022/2453paragraphs
46 and 47; Template 5:
Banking book –
Climate change
physical risk: Exposures
subject to physical risk.
3.2.1; 3.2.2
ESRS E1-9
Br
eakdown of the
carrying value of its real
estate assets by energy-
efficiency classes
paragraph 67 (c).
Article 449a
Regulat
ion(EU) No
575/2013; Commission
Implementing
Regulation (EU)
2022/2453 paragraph
34; Template 2:
Banking book –
Climate change
transition risk: Loans
collateralized by
immovable property –
Energy efficiency of the
collateral
3.2.1; 3.2.2
ESRS E1-9
Degr
ee of exposure of
the portfolio to climate-
related opportunities
paragraph 69
Delegated
Regulat
ion (EU)
2020/1818, Annex II
3.2.1; 3.2.2
ESRS E2-4
Amount of each
pol
lutant listed in
Annex II of the E-PRTR
Regulation (European
Pollutant Release and
Transfer Register)
emitted to air, water
and soil, paragraph 28
Indicator number 8
T
able #1 of Annex 1
Indicator number 2
Table #2 of Annex 1
Indicator number 1
Table #2 of Annex 1
Indicator number 3
Table #2 of Annex 1
Not material
ESRS E3-1
W
ater and marine
resources paragraph 9
Indicator number 7
T
able #2 of Annex 1
Not material
ESRS E3-1
Ded
icated policy
paragraph 13
Indicator number 8
T
able 2 of Annex 1
Not material
ESRS E3-1
Sustainable oceans and
seas paragraph 14
Indicator number
12 T
able #2 of
Annex 1
Not material
ESRS E3-4
T
otal water recycled
and reused paragraph
28 (c)
Indicator number
6.2 T
able #2 of
Annex 1
Not material

[page 168]
168 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Disclosure Requirement and
r
elated datapoint SFDR reference Pillar 3 reference
Benchmark Regulation
r
eference
EU Climate
Law
r
eference Section
ESRS E3-4
T
otal water
consumption in m3 per
net revenue on own
operations paragraph
29
Indicator number
6.1 T
able #2 of
Annex 1
Not material
ESRS 2-IRO 1-E4
paragraph 16 (a) i
Indicator number 7
T
able #1 of Annex 1
Not material
ESRS 2-IRO 1-E4
paragraph 16 (b)
Indicator number
10 T
able #2 of
Annex 1
Not material
ESRS 2-IRO 1-E4
paragraph 16 (c)
Indicator number
14 T
able #2 of
Annex 1
Not material
ESRS E4-2
Sustainable land/
agricul
ture practices or
policies paragraph 24
(b)
Indicator number
11 T
able #2 of
Annex 1
Not material
ESRS E4-2
Sustainable oceans/
seas pract
ices or
policies paragraph 24
(c)
Indicator number
12 T
able #2 of
Annex 1
Not material
ESRS E4-2
Pol
icies to address
deforestation
paragraph 24 (d)
Indicator number
15 T
able #2 of
Annex 1
Not material
ESRS E5-5
Non-r
ecycled waste
paragraph 37 (d)
Indicator number
13 T
able #2 of
Annex 1
Not material
ESRS E5-5
Hazar
dous waste and
radioactive waste
paragraph 39
Indicator number 9
T
able #1 of Annex 1
Not material
ESRS 2-SBM3-S1
Risk of incidents of
for
ced labour
paragraph 14 (f)
Indicator number
13 T
able #3 of
Annex I
3.7.3
ESRS 2-SBM3-S1
Risk of incidents of child
labour paragraph 14 (g)
Indicator number
12 T
able #3 of
Annex I
3.7.3
ESRS S1-1
Human rights pol
icy
commitments
paragraph 20
Indicator number 9
T
able #3 and
Indicator number
11 Table #1 of
Annex I
1.1.3; 3.3.1
ESRS S1-1
Due d
iligence policies
on issues addressed by
the fundamental
International Labour
Organization
Conventions 1 to 8,
paragraph 21
Delegated
Regulat
ion (EU)
2020/1816, Annex II
2.5; 3.3.1; 3.4.1
ESRS S1-1
pr
ocesses and
measures for
preventing trafficking in
human beings
paragraph 22
Indicator number
11 T
able #3 of
Annex I
2.5.2; 3.3.1;3.4.1
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 169]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 169
Disclosure Requirement and
r
elated datapoint SFDR reference Pillar 3 reference
Benchmark Regulation
r
eference
EU Climate
Law
r
eference Section
ESRS S1-1
workplace accident
pr
evention policy or
management system
paragraph 23
Indicator number 1
T
able #3 of Annex I
1.1.3; 3.3.1; 3.3.2
ESRS S1-3
grievance/complaints
hand
ling mechanisms
paragraph 32 (c)
Indicator number 5
T
able #3 of Annex I
2.5.2; 3.1.3; 3.3.1;
3.4.1
ESRS S1-14
Number of fatal
ities
and number and rate of
work-related accidents
paragraph 88 (b) and (c)
Indicator number 2
T
able #3 of Annex I
Delegated
Regulat
ion (EU)
2020/1816, Annex II
1.1.3; 3.3.2;
3.6.2.2; 3.6.3;
3.7.3
ESRS S1-14
Number of days lost to
injuries, accidents,
fatal
ities or illness
paragraph 88 (e)
Indicator number 3
T
able #3 of Annex I
1.1.3; 3.3.2;
3.6.2.2; 3.7.3
ESRS S1-16
Unad
justed gender pay
gap paragraph 97 (a)
Indicator number
12 T
able #1 of
Annex I
Delegated
Regulat
ion (EU)
2020/1816, Annex II
3.3.1; 3.6.2.1;
3.7.3
ESRS S1-16
Excessive CEO pay
rat
io paragraph 97 (b)
Indicator number 8
T
able #3 of Annex I
2.3.2
ESRS S1-17
Incidents of
d
iscrimination
paragraph 103 (a)
Indicator number 7
T
able #3 of Annex I
3.3.1; 3.4.1
ESRS S1-17
Non-r
espect of UNGPs
on Business and Human
Rights and OECD
paragraph 104 (a)
Indicator number
10 T
able #1 and
Indicator number
14 Table #3 of
Annex I
Delegated
Regulat
ion (EU)
2020/1816, Annex II
Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1818 Art 12(1)
2.5.2; 3.3.1; 3.4.1
ESRS 2 SBM3 – S2
Significant risk of child
labour or for
ced labour
in the value chain
paragraph 11 (b)
Indicators number
12 and number 13
T
able #3 of Annex I
1.4; 3.3.3
ESRS S2-1
Human rights pol
icy
commitments
paragraph 17
Indicator number 9
T
able #3 and
Indicator number
11 Table #1 of
Annex 1
1.1.3; 3.3.3
ESRS S2-1
Pol
icies related to value
chain workers
paragraph 18
Indicator number
11 and number 4
T
able #3 of Annex 1
1.1.3; 3.3.3
ESRS S2-1
Non-r
espect of UNGPs
on Business and Human
Rights principles and
OECD guidelines
paragraph 19
Indicator number
10 T
able #1 of
Annex 1
Delegated
Regulat
ion (EU)
2020/1816, Annex II
Delegated
Regulation
(EU)2020/1818, Art
12 (1)
2.5.2; 3.3.3; 3.4.1

[page 170]
170 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Disclosure Requirement and
r
elated datapoint SFDR reference Pillar 3 reference
Benchmark Regulation
r
eference
EU Climate
Law
r
eference Section
ESRS S2-1
Due d
iligence policies
on issues addressed by
the fundamental
International Labor
Organisation
Conventions 1 to 8,
paragraph 19
Delegated
Regulat
ion (EU)
2020/1816, Annex II
2.5.2; 3.3.3; 3.4.1
ESRS S2-4
Human rights issues
and incidents
connected to its
upstr
eam and
downstream value chain
paragraph 36
Indicator number
14 T
able #3 of
Annex 1
3.3.3; 3.4.1
ESRS S3-1
Human rights pol
icy
commitments
paragraph 16
Indicator number 9
T
able #3 of Annex 1
and Indicator
number 11 Table #1
of Annex 1
Not material
ESRS S3-1
non-r
espect of UNGPs
on Business and Human
Rights, ILO principles or
and OECD guidelines
paragraph 17
Indicator number
10 T
able #1 Annex
1
Delegated
Regulat
ion (EU)
2020/1816, Annex II
Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1818, Art12 (1)
Not material
ESRS S3-4
Human rights issues
and incidents
paragraph 36
Indicator number
14 T
able #3 of
Annex 1
Not material
ESRS S4-1
Pol
icies related to
consumers and end-
users paragraph 16
Indicator number 9
T
able #3 and
Indicator number
11 Table #1 of
Annex 1
Not material
ESRS S4-1
Non-r
espect of UNGPs
on Business and Human
Rights and OECD
guidelines paragraph
17
Indicator number
10 T
able #1 of
Annex 1
Delegated
Regulat
ion (EU)
2020/1816,
Annex II Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1818, Art12 (1)
Not material
ESRS S4-4
Human rights issues
and incidents
paragraph 35
Indicator number
14 T
able #3 of
Annex 1
Not material
ESRS G1-1
United Nat
ions
Convention against
Corruption paragraph
10 (b)
Indicator number
15 T
able #3 of
Annex 1
2.5.2; 3.4.1
ESRS G1-1
Pr
otection of whistle-
blowers paragraph 10
(d)
Indicator number 6
T
able #3 of Annex 1
2.5.2; 3.4.1
ESRS G1-4
Fines for violat
ion of
anti-corruption and
anti-bribery laws
paragraph 24 (a)
Indicator number
17 T
able #3 of
Annex 1
Delegated
Regulat
ion (EU)
2020/1816, Annex II)
3.4.1
ESRS G1-4
Standar
ds of anti-
corruption and anti-
bribery paragraph 24 (b)
Indicator number
16 T
able #3 of
Annex 1
2.5.2; 3.4.1
3 SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

[page 171]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 171

[page 172]
172 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION
2025

[page 173]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 173
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION
2025
CHAPTER 4

[page 174]
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025
174 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
4.1 Financial Review..................................................................................................................................................................... 176
4.1.1 Financial Overview.................................................................................................................................................................176
4.1.2 Financial Highlights............................................................................................................................................................... 177
4.1.3 Financial Review IFRS............................................................................................................................................................ 177
4.1.4 Financial Review Directional................................................................................................................................................. 180
4.1.5 Alternative Performance Measures...................................................................................................................................... 188
4.1.6 Outlook and Guidance..........................................................................................................................................................190
4.2 Consolidated Financial Statements..................................................................................................................................... 191
4.2.1 Consolidated Income Statement......................................................................................................................................... 191
4.2.2 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income......................................................................................................... 192
4.2.3 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position....................................................................................................................193
4.2.4 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity...................................................................................................................194
4.2.5 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement.....................................................................................................................................195
4.2.6 General Information.............................................................................................................................................................. 196
4.2.7 Accounting Principles............................................................................................................................................................196
A. Accounting Framework.....................................................................................................................................................196
B. Critical Accounting Policies..............................................................................................................................................197
C. Other Material Accounting Policies.................................................................................................................................204
4.3 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements............................................................................................................... 211
4.3.1 Financial Highlights............................................................................................................................................................... 211
4.3.2 Operating Segments and Directional Reporting................................................................................................................ 214
4.3.3 Revenue.................................................................................................................................................................................. 228
4.3.4 Other Operating Income and Expense............................................................................................................................... 230
4.3.5 Expenses by Nature...............................................................................................................................................................231
4.3.6 Employee Benefit Expenses.................................................................................................................................................
 231
4.3.7 Research and Development Expenses................................................................................................................................ 236
4.3.8 Net Impairment Gains/(Losses) on Financial and Contract Assets....................................................................................236
4.3.9 Net Financing Costs.............................................................................................................................................................. 237
4.3.10 Income Tax Expense..............................................................................................................................................................238
4.3.11 Earnings/(Loss) Per Share......................................................................................................................................................241
4.3.12 Dividends Paid and Proposed and Share repurchase program.........................................................................................242
4.3.13 Property, Plant and Equipment.............................................................................................................................................243
4.3.14 Intangible Assets....................................................................................................................................................................246
4.3.15 Finance Lease Receivables................................................................................................................................................... 247
4.3.16 Other Financial Assets...........................................................................................................................................................249
4.3.17 Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities.......................................................................................................................................250
4.3.18 Inventories.............................................................................................................................................................................. 251
4.3.19 Trade and Other Receivables............................................................................................................................................... 252
4.3.20 Derivative Financial Instruments...........................................................................................................................................253
4.3.21 Net Cash and Cash Equivalents........................................................................................................................................... 254
4.3.22 Equity Attributable to Shareholders.....................................................................................................................................255
4.3.23 Borrowings and Lease Liabilities.......................................................................................................................................... 258
4.3.24 Provisions................................................................................................................................................................................263
4.3.25 Trade and Other Payables.....................................................................................................................................................264
4.3.26 Commitments and Contingencies....................................................................................................................................... 265
4.3.27 Financial Instruments − Fair Values and Risk Management...............................................................................................265
4.3.28 List of Group Companies...................................................................................................................................................... 276
4.3.29 Investment in Associates and Joint Arrangements.............................................................................................................277
4.3.30 Information on Non-controlling Interests............................................................................................................................ 278
4.3.31 Related Party Transactions.................................................................................................................................................... 282
4.3.32 Independent Auditor’s Fees and Services........................................................................................................................... 283
4.3.33 Events After End of Reporting Period..................................................................................................................................284
4.4 Company Financial Statements............................................................................................................................................ 285
4.4.1 Company Balance Sheet.......................................................................................................................................................285
4.4.2 Company Income Statement................................................................................................................................................286
4.4.3 General................................................................................................................................................................................... 287
 

[page 175]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 175
4.5 Notes to the Company Financial Statements..................................................................................................................... 288
4.5.1 Financial Fixed Assets........................................................................................................................................................... 288
4.5.2 Receivables.............................................................................................................................................................................288
4.5.3 Cash and Cash Equivalents...................................................................................................................................................289
4.5.4 Shareholders’ Equity..............................................................................................................................................................289
4.5.5 Other Provisions.....................................................................................................................................................................291
4.5.6 Current Liabilities...................................................................................................................................................................291
4.5.7 Revenue.................................................................................................................................................................................. 291
4.5.8 General and Administrative Expenses.................................................................................................................................291
4.5.9 Financial Income and Expenses........................................................................................................................................... 292
4.5.10 Income tax expense...............................................................................................................................................................292
4.5.11 Commitments and Contingencies....................................................................................................................................... 292
4.5.12 Directors’ Remuneration....................................................................................................................................................... 293
4.5.13 Number of Employees.......................................................................................................................................................... 293
4.5.14 Independent Audit Fees....................................................................................................................................................... 293
4.5.15 Events After End of Reporting Period..................................................................................................................................293
4.6 Independent auditor’s report................................................................................................................................................ 294
4.7 Other information.................................................................................................................................................................. 304
4.7.1 Appropriation of Result.........................................................................................................................................................304
4.7.2 Call option granted to Stichting Continuïteit SBM Offshore (the Foundation)................................................................304
4.8 Key Figures............................................................................................................................................................................. 305

[page 176]
176 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
4.1 FINANCIAL REVIEW
4.1.1
FINANCIAL OVERVIEW
in US$ million FY 2025 FY 2024
IFRS figur es
Revenue 5,903 4,784
Lease and Operate revenue 2,398 2,074
Turnkey revenue 3,505 2,710
EBITDA1 1,852 1,041
Lease and Operate EBITDA 1,026 842
Turnkey EBITDA 912 287
Other (87) (88)
Profit/(loss) at tributable to shareholders 922 150
Directional figur es
Directional Revenue 5,066 6,111
Directional Lease and Operate revenue 2,295 2,369
Directional Turnkey revenue 2,772 3,743
Directional EBITDA2 1,709 1,896
Directional Lease and Operate EBITDA 1,235 1,261
Directional Turnkey EBITDA 561 724
Other (87) (89)
Directional Pr ofit/(loss) attributable to shareholders 677 907
1 EBITDA - Pr ofit/(loss) excluding net financing costs, income tax expense, depreciation, amortization and impairment as well as share of profit/(loss) of equity-
accounted investees. For a reconciliation to the consolidated income statement, refer to section 4.1.3 Financial Review IFRS.
2 Directional EBITDA - Directional Profit/(loss) excluding Directional net financing costs, Directional income tax expense, Directional depreciation, amortization
and impairment as well as Directional share of profit/(loss) of equity-accounted investees. For a reconciliation to IFRS figures, refer to section 4.3.2 Operating
segments and Directional reporting.
General
The Company’
s primary business segments are ’Lease and Operate’ and ’Turnkey’. Additionally, the Company discloses
separately non-allocated corporate income and expense items presented in the category ’Other’. Revenue and EBITDA are
analyzed by segment, but it should be recognized that business activities are closely related. The Company uses two main
types of contract models ‘Lease & Operate’ and ‘Sale & Operate’. Under ‘Lease & Operate’ contracts the Company
constructs, leases and then operates an asset. Leased assets are often owned by jointly owned companies. Under ‘Sale &
Operate’ contracts the Company constructs and sells the asset to the client under an EPC contract following which it
operates the asset under a separate operations and maintenance contract.
The Company’s awarded lease contracts are systematically classified under IFRS as finance leases for accounting purposes,
whereby the fair value of the leased asset is recorded as a Turnkey ‘sale’ during construction. For the Turnkey segment, this
accounting treatment results in the acceleration of recognition of lease revenues and profits into the construction phase of
the asset, whereas the asset generates cash mainly after construction and commissioning activities have been completed, as
that is the moment the Company is entitled to start receiving the lease payments. In the case of an operating lease, lease
revenues and profits are recognized during the lease period, in effect more closely tracking cash receipts.
The implementation of accounting standards IFRS 10 and 11 (from January 1, 2014) requires that the Company report the
consolidated results and cash flow from lease contracts operated by joint venture companies either fully or through equity
accounting as opposed to the proportionate share to which it is actually entitled. To address these accounting issues, the
Company discloses Directional reporting in addition to its IFRS reporting. Directional reporting treats all lease contracts as
operating leases and consolidates all co-owned investees related to lease contracts on a percentage of ownership basis.
Under the ‘Sale and Operate’ model the full construction, revenue and margin are recognized during the construction period
in the same way under IFRS and Directional reporting within the Turnkey business segment.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 177]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 177
Under Directional, the accounting results therefore track cash flow generat ion more closely and this is the basis used by the
Management Board of the Company to monitor performance and for business planning. Reference is made to 4.3.2
Operating Segments and Directional Reporting for further detail on the main principles of Directional reporting.
The Management Board, as chief operating decision-maker, monitors the operating results of the Company primarily based
on Directional reporting. The financial information in this section 4.1 Financial Review is presented both under Directional
and IFRS while the financial information presented in note 4.3.2 Operating Segments and Directional Reporting is presented
under Directional with a reconciliation to IFRS. For clarity, the remainder of the financial statements are presented solely
under IFRS, except where expressly stated otherwise.
4.1.2 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
The main financial highlights of the year and their associated financial impact are reported in note 4.3.1 Financial Highlights.
4.1.3 FINANCIAL REVIEW IFRS
in US$ million FY 2025 FY 2024
Revenue 5,903 4,784
Lease and Operate 2,398 2,074
Turnkey 3,505 2,710
EBITDA 1,852 1,041
Lease and Operate 1,026 842
Turnkey 912 287
Other (87) (88)
Profit/(loss) at tributable to shareholders 922 150
PROFITABILITY
Revenue
T
otal revenue increased by 23% to US$5,903 million compared with US$4,784 million in 2024 with a positive evolution in both
Lease and Operate Revenue and Turnkey Revenue.
Turnkey revenue increased by 29% to US$3,505 million, compared with US$2,710 million in the year-ago period, mainly
explained by the following events:
• The progress on the construction projects FPSOs 
Jaguar and GranMorgu under the Sale and Operate model and FSO
Chalchi under the Lease and Operate model; partially offset by
• The completion of FPSO Sepetiba in early January 2024; and
• The reduced level of progress during the period compared with the year-ago period on FPSO Almirante Tamandaré
(completed in February 2025), FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão (completed in May 2025) and FPSO ONE GUYANA
(completed in August 2025).
Lease and Operate revenue increased by 16% to US$2,398 million, compared with US$2,074 million in the year-ago period.
This mainly reflects the following events:
• FPSO Almirante Tamandaré, FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão and FPSO ONE GUYANA joining the fleet upon successful
delivery during the period; and
• Improved performance of the fleet; partially offset by
• Reduced revenue from FPSOs Liza Destiny and Prosperity only contributing in the period as Operations and Maintenance
contracts following the purchase of the units by the client in the last quarter of 2024 (therefore not contributing to finance
lease revenue in 2025); and
• The regular declining profile of interest revenue from finance leases.
EBITDA
EBITDA based on IFRS accounting policies amounted to US$1,852 million, representing a 78% increase compared with
US$1,041 million in the year-ago period mostly driven by the Turnkey segment. This variance is further detailed as follows by
segment:

[page 178]
178 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Turnkey EBITDA increased to US$912 million in the current year, compared with US$287 million in the prior period, as a result
of:
•
Full margin contribution during 2025 from FPSO Jaguar given that the project only reached the requisite ’stage of
completion’ to allow margin recognition during the last quarter of 2024 (limited margin contribution during 2024);
• The positive contribution of FPSO GranMorgu and FSO Chalchi over the period as both projects reached the
requisite ’stage of completion’ during the second and fourth quarter of 2025, respectively; and
• The successful close-out of the construction activities of FPSOs Almirante Tamandaré, Alexandre de Gusmão and ONE
GUYANA, delivered during the period; partially offset by
• The reduced level of progress during the period compared with the year-ago period on FPSO Almirante Tamandaré
(completed in February 2025), FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão (completed in May 2025) and FPSO ONE GUYANA
(completed in August 2025); and
• The completion of FPSO Sepetiba in early January 2024.
Lease and Operate EBITDA for the current period increased by 22% to US$1,026 million versus US$842 million in the year-
ago period. This increase mainly resulted from:
• FPSO Almirante Tamandaré, FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão and FPSO ONE GUYANA joining the fleet upon successful
delivery during the period;
• Improved performance of the fleet; and
• The net gain arising from the Thunder Hawk sale completed during the period; partially offset by
• Reduced EBITDA from FPSOs Liza Destiny and Prosperity only contributing in the period as Operations and Maintenance
contracts following the purchase of the units by the client in the last quarter of 2024 (therefore not contributing to finance
lease EBITDA in 2025);
• The regular declining profile of interest revenue from finance leases;
• The previous year’s net gain from the acquisition of interests held by Sonangol related to FPSOs N’Goma, Saxi Batuque
and Mondo, and the divestment in the parent company of the Paenal shipyard in Angola; and
• The impact of the full divestment of the lease and operating entities of FPSO Aseng to GEPetrol completed in December
2025 which, while positive from a cash consideration received perspective, generated a loss recognized in Other
operating income.
It should be noted that the completion of the Share Purchase Agreements with MISC Berhad during the period had no
impact on the Lease and Operate EBITDA. The acquisition of the interests in the entities related to 
FPSO Espirito Santo was
accounted for directly in equity as a transaction with a non-controlling interest while the full divestment of the lease and
operating entities of 
FPSO Kikeh had a nil impact on the EBITDA.
The other non-allocated costs charged to EBITDA amounted to US$(87) million in 2025, a US$1 million improvement
compared with the US$(88) million in the year-ago period, which is mainly explained by a decrease in general and
administrative costs.
EBITDA is reconciled to the consolidated income statement as follows:
in US$ million Notes FY 2025 FY 2024
Profit/(loss) 1,109 211
Add: Income tax expense 4.3.10 117 73
Profit/(loss) befor e tax 1,226 284
Less: Share of pr ofit/(loss) of equity accounted investees 4.3.29 4 (19)
Add: Net financing costs 4.3.9 571 663
Operating pr ofit/(loss) (EBIT) 1,801 929
Add: Depreciation, amortization and impairment 4.3.5 51 113
EBITDA 1,852 1,041
Net income
Depr
eciation, amortization and impairment decreased by US$62 million compared with the year-ago period, mostly from (i)
FPSO Cidade de Anchieta having a lower depreciable base as a result of the impairment recognized in the last quarter of
2024, (ii) the impairment of funding loans provided to equity-accounted entities which was recognized in the previous year
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 179]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 179
and (iii) the release of the accumulated impairment on the demobilization receivable for Thunder Hawk as a result of the sale
of the asset completed during the period, partially offset by (iv) the start of amortization of the Company’s new global ERP
system following its first phase successful deployment mid-2025.
Net financing costs totaled US$(571) million, compared with US$(663) million in the prior period. This improvement of 14%
compared with prior year is mainly explained by (i) the full repayment of the project loans for FPSOs Liza Destiny and
Prosperity in 2024 following the purchase of the units by the client, (ii) gains on forward currency contracts, (iii) higher interest
income on cash and short-term investments, (iv) the scheduled amortization of project loans for the fleet under operations,
and (v) lower interest expense on the Company’s RCF. This was partially offset by (vi) the new construction financing for FPSO
Jaguar in 2025, (vii) the sale and leaseback agreement for FPSO Cidade de Paraty, (viii) increased project financing to fund
the construction of FPSO Almirante Tamandaré, FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão and FPSO ONE GUYANA during the period
and (ix) the amortization of the ONE GUYANA project financing transaction costs up to the expected purchase of the unit in
early 2026.
The share in profit/(loss) of equity accounted investees decreased to US$(4) million from US$19 million in the year-ago
period. This is mainly due to ownership changes, namely the acquisition of interests held by Sonangol related to
FPSOs N’Goma, Saxi Batuque and Mondo in mid-2024, and the full divestment in FPSO Kikeh in early 2025.
The effective tax rate over 2025 decreased to 10%, compared with 27% in the year-ago period. The decrease in the effective
tax rate is mainly explained by (i) recognition of a deferred tax asset in relation to the profit recognition of FPSO Almirante
Tamandaré and FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão as a result of the first oil of those units, (ii) the early sale of FPSO ONE GUYANA
completed on February 4, 2026, resulting in the partial release of a deferred tax liability and (iii) lower tax on the Guyanese
projects following the sales of two FPSOs in 2024.
As a result, the consolidated net income attributable to shareholders reached US$922 million, an increase of US$772 million
compared with the prior year.
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
in millions of US$ 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Total equity 6,482 5,844 5,531 4,914 3,537
Net debt1 8,068 8,137 8,748 7,881 6,681
Cash and cash equivalents 1,086 806 543 683 1,021
Total assets 18,097 17,157 17,176 15,889 13,211
1 Net debt is calculated as total borrowings (including lease liabilities) less cash and cash equivalents.
Total equity increased by US$638 from US$5,844 million at December 31, 2024 to US$6,482 million at December 31, 2025,
driven by (i) t
he positive net result over the current period, (ii) the gain recognized in non-controlling interests and retained
earnings from the acquisition of the non-controlling interests in Espirito Santo entities which were already controlled by the
Company prior to the transaction and (iii) the increase of the hedging reserve, partially offset by (iv) dividends to
shareholders and to non-controlling interests and (v) the share repurchase program.
Dividends distributed to the shareholders in 2025 amounted to EUR150 million (equivalent to US$170 million1) and the
Company’s cumulative share repurchase during 2025 amounted to EUR154 million, equivalent to US$174 million2 (2024:
US$102 million) in relation to:
• The EUR65 million share repurchase program effective from August 8, 2024 and fully completed on April 23, 2025; and
• The EUR141 million share repurchase program effective from April 24, 2025, which is expected to be completed by
February 26, 2026.
In line with the progress of the share repurchase program, the Company cancelled 5,000,000 ordinary shares on November 3,
2025, representing 2.8% of the Company’s issued share capital. The total and final number of shares to be cancelled will be
determined upon completion of the share repurchase program.
The movement in the hedging reserve was mainly caused by (i) the increase in marked-to-market value of forward currency
contracts, driven by the depreciation of the US$ exchange rate versus the hedged currencies (especially EUR and BRL),
1 Based on t he EUR/US$ exchange rate on May 6, 2025. Dividends were paid in euro.
2 Based on the 2025 annual average EUR/US$ exchange rate.

[page 180]
180 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
partially offset by (ii) the negative impact of the marked-to-market value of interest rate swaps due to decreasing US$ market
inter
est rates.
Net debt slightly decreased from US$8,137 million at December 31, 2024 to US$8,068 million as of December 31, 2025. While
the Turnkey (as a result of the recent Sale and Operate contracts) and the Lease and Operate segments generated strong
operating cash flows, the Company (i) implemented a new financing tool with the sale and leaseback financing agreement
for FPSO Cidade de Paraty being fully drawn during the period, (ii) continued to draw on project finance facilities for FPSO
Alexandre de Gusmão and FPSO ONE GUYANA to finalize the related investment in growth and (iii) implemented the
construction financing for FPSO Jaguar. These were partially offset by (iv) the scheduled repayment of non-recourse project
debt, (v) the full repayment of the MPF facility, (vi) the partial repayment of the RCF, (vii) the full repayment of the US private
placement notes in relation to 
FPSO Cidade de Anchieta and (viii) the strong return to shareholders and to non-controlling
interests.
Almost 90% of the Company’s debt as of December 31, 2025 consisted of non-recourse project financing (US$8 billion) in
special purpose investees. The remainder (US$1.1 billion) comprised (i) the construction financing for FPSO Jaguar which will
be repaid following completion of construction and (ii) the Company’s new RCF, which was drawn for US$100 million as at
December 31, 2025. Cash and cash equivalents amounted to US$1,086 million (December 31, 2024: US$806 million) and
lease liabilities totaled US$115 million as of December 31, 2025.
Total assets increased to US$18.1 billion as of December 31, 2025, compared with US$17.2 billion at year-end 2024. This
primarily resulted from (i) the increase of finance lease receivables following the first oil of FPSOs Almirante Tamandaré,
Alexandre de Gusmão and ONE GUYANA during the current period compared with their contract asset value at the end of
2024, (ii) the investments in multi-purpose floater hulls and related equipment under construction for use in future projects,
(iii) the increase of contract assets and receivables mostly related to the Sale and Operate FPSO projects under construction
at the end of the year and (iv) net cash generation, partially offset by (v) a reduction of the gross amount of finance lease
receivables in line with the repayment schedules.
4.1.4 FINANCIAL REVIEW DIRECTIONAL
in US$ million FY 2025 FY 2024
Directional Revenue 5,066 6,111
Directional Lease and Operate revenue 2,295 2,369
Directional Turnkey revenue 2,772 3,743
Directional EBITDA 1,709 1,896
Directional Lease and Operate EBITDA 1,235 1,261
Directional Turnkey EBITDA 561 724
Other (87) (89)
Directional Pr ofit/(loss) attributable to shareholders 677 907
in US$ billion FY 2025 FY 2024
Pro-forma Directional backlog 31.1 35.1
PRO-FORMA BACKLOG − DIRECTIONAL
Change in ownership scenarios, lease contract durat
ion and contractual commitments have the potential to significantly
impact the Company’s future cash flows, net debt balance as well as the profit and loss statement. The Company therefore
provides a pro-forma Directional backlog based on the best available information regarding ownership scenarios, lease
contract duration and contractual commitments for the various projects.
The pro-forma Directional backlog at the end of 2025 reflects the following key assumptions:
• The early sale of FPSO ONE GUYANA completed on February 4, 2026, ahead of the end of the maximum lease term in
August 2027, has been reflected in the Turnkey backlog by bringing forward the year of sale from 2027 to 2026, updating
the sale price and by removing the remaining 2026 and 2027 lease payments originally included in the backlog;
• The FPSO Jaguar contract awarded to the Company in April 2024 covers the construction period within which the FPSO
ownership will transfer to the client and is reported in the Turnkey backlog;
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 181]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 181
• 10 years of operations and maintenance are considered for FPSOs Liza Destiny, Liza Unity, Prosperity and ONE GUYANA
following signature of the Operations and Maintenance Enabling Agreement (‘OMEA‘) in 2023. For FPSO Jaguar, the
proforma Directional backlog includes the operating and maintenance scope for 10 years as it has been agreed in
principle, pending a final work order. This is consistent with prior years;
• The FPSO GranMorgu contract awarded to the Company in November 2024 covers the construction period within which
the FPSO ownership will transfer to the client and is reported in the Turnkey backlog. The operations and maintenance
contract signed in June 2025 covers a minimum period of two years after first oil;
• The FSO Chalchi contract is considered for 20 years in the lease and operate backlog at the Company share at year-end
(100%); and
• The contract extension and associated scope of work related to the lease and operation of FPSOs  Mondo and Saxi
Batuque until 2032 signed in December 2025.
For leases and operations and maintenance contracts, extension options are considered when secured.
It should be noted that the sale and leaseback financing agreement for FPSO Cidade de Paraty signed in April 2025 did not
impact the pro-forma Directional backlog. Under Directional reporting, the transaction is not treated as a sale of the vessel
according to IFRS 16. The Company continues to recognize its share of this vessel as property, plant and equipment and has
recognized its share of the consideration received as a borrowing. Consequently, the pro-forma backlog still includes the
Company’s share in future revenue from FPSO Cidade de Paraty.
The pro-forma Directional backlog at December 31, 2025 decreased by US$4.0 billion compared with the position at
December 31, 2024, to a total of US$31.1 billion. This was mainly the result of (i) turnover for the period which consumed
approximately US$5.1 billion of backlog and (ii) the impact of the early sale of FPSO ONE GUYANA, partially offset by (iii) the
contract extension and associated scope of work related to the lease and operation of FPSOs Mondo and Saxi Batuque until
2032, signed in December 2025. The Company’s backlog provides cash flow visibility up to 2050.
in billions of US$ Turnkey Lease & Operate Total
2026 4.2 2.2 6.4
2027 1.4 2.0 3.4
2028 0.5 2.3 2.8
Beyond 2028 0.0 18.5 18.5
Total pro-forma Directional backlog 6.1 25.0 31.1
Pro-forma Directional backlog (in billions of US$)
31.131.131.1
35.035.035.0
Lease & Operate Turnkey
2025 2024

[page 182]
182 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
PROFITABILITY − DIRECTIONAL
Account
ing treatment of projects under construction
Please refer to note 4.3.2 Operating Segments and Directional Reporting for more information on the differences between
IFRS and Directional over the accounting treatment of projects under construction in the Company’s current project
portfolio.
Directional Revenue
Total Directional revenue decreased by 17% to US$5,066 million compared with US$6,111 million in 2024. This decrease is
further detailed by segment as follows:
Directional Revenue (in millions of US$)
5,0665,0665,066
6,1116,1116,111
Lease & Operate Turnkey
2025 2024
Directional Turnkey revenue decreased to US$2,772 million, representing 55% of total Directional revenue in 2025. This
compar
es with US$3,743 million, or 61% of total Directional revenue in 2024. This is mainly the result of:
• The sale of FPSOs Prosperity and Liza Destiny, completed in November and December 2024 respectively;
• The 13.5% divestment of ownership interest in FPSO Sepetiba to CMFL completed in October 2024;
• The reduced level of progress during the period compared with the prior year period on FPSO Almirante Tamandaré
(completed in February 2025), FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão (completed in May 2025) and FPSO ONE GUYANA
(completed in August 2025); and
• The completion of FPSO Sepetiba in early January 2024; partially offset by
• The increased progress on the construction projects FPSOs Jaguar and GranMorgu under Sale and Operate model.
Directional Lease and Operate revenue came in at US$2,295 million, a decrease versus US$2,369 million in the year-ago
period. This mainly reflects the following events:
• Reduced revenue from FPSOs 
Liza Destiny and Prosperity only contributing in the period as Operations and Maintenance
contracts following the purchase of the units by the client in the last quarter of 2024 (therefore not contributing to lease
revenue in 2025);
• Lower reimbursable scope on the fleet; and
• The end of FPSO Serpentina operations in the year-ago period; partially offset by
• FPSOs Almirante Tamandaré, Alexandre de Gusmão and ONE GUYANA joining the fleet upon successful delivery during
the period; and
• Improved performance of the fleet.
Directional EBITDA
Directional EBITDA amounted to US$1,709 million, representing a 10% decrease compared with US$1,896 million in 2024.
The variance of Directional EBITDA is further detailed by segment as follows:
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 183]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 183
Directional EBITDA (in millions of US$)
1,7091,7091,709
1,8961,8961,896
Lease & Operate Turnkey Other
2025 2024
Directional Turnkey EBITDA decreased from US$724 million in the year-ago period to US$561 million in the current year. The
key factors impact
ing Directional Turnkey EBITDA are:
• The sale of FPSOs Prosperity and Liza Destiny, completed respectively in November and December 2024;
• The 13.5% divestment of ownership interest in FPSO Sepetiba to CMFL completed in October 2024;
• The reduced level of progress during the period compared with the year-ago period on FPSO Almirante Tamandaré
(completed in February) and FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão (completed in May); and
• The completion of FPSO Sepetiba in early January 2024; partially offset by
• Full margin contribution during 2025 from FPSO Jaguar and FPSO GranMorgu given that the projects reached the
requisite ’stage of completion’ to allow margin recognition during the last quarter of 2024 (limited margin contribution
during 2024) and the second quarter of 2025 respectively; and
• The successful close-out of the construction activities of FPSOs Almirante Tamandaré, Alexandre de Gusmão and ONE
GUYANA, delivered during the period.
Under Directional reporting, FSO Chalchi is classified as an operating lease where lessor-related entities are 100% owned by
the Company. Therefore, under the Company’s Directional accounting policy, revenue recognition for this project is as
follows:
• The Company does not recognize any Directional revenue and Directional margin unless defined invoicing (if any) to the
client occurs during the construction phase to cover specific construction work and/or services performed before the
commencement of the lease. These upfront payments are recognized as revenues and the costs associated with the
related construction work and/or services are recognized as cost of sales with no margin.
• Upon any partial divestment to partners, the Company will book Directional revenue and (once the 'stage of completion'
is reached) Directional margin associated with the EPC works to the extent of the portion of the sale to partners in the
special purpose entities.
Directional Lease and Operate EBITDA slightly decreased from US$1,261 million in the year-ago period to US$1,235 million
in the current period. This decrease resulted from:
• Reduced revenue from FPSOs 
Liza Destiny and Prosperity only contributing in the period as Operations and Maintenance
contracts following the purchase of the units by the client in the last quarter of 2024 (therefore not contributing to lease
revenue in 2025);
• The prior year net gain arising from the acquisition of interests held by Sonangol related to FPSOs N’Goma, Saxi Batuque
and Mondo, and the divestment in the parent company of the Paenal shipyard in Angola;
• The impact of the full divestment of the lease and operating entities of the FPSO Aseng to GEPetrol completed in
December 2025 which, while positive from a cash consideration received perspective, generated a loss recognized
in ’Directional Other operating income’; and
• The change in ownership in 
FPSO Sepetiba following the divestment to CMFL in 2024; partially offset by

[page 184]
184 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
• FPSOs Almirante Tamandaré, Alexandre de Gusmão and ONE GUYANA joining the fleet upon successful delivery during
the period;
• Improved performance of the fleet;
• The net gain over the period from the acquisition of interests held by MISC Berhad in FPSO Espirito Santo entities and
the full divestment in FPSO Kikeh entities recognized in ’Directional Other operating income’; and
• The net gain arising from the Thunder Hawk sale completed during the period and recognized in ’Directional Other
operating income’.
The other non-allocated costs charged to Directional EBITDA amounted to US$(87) million in 2025, a US$2 million decrease
compared with the US$(89) million in the year-ago period, which is mainly explained by a reduction in general and
administrative costs.
Directional Net income (in millions of US$)
677677677
907907907
2025 2024
Weighted Average Earnings Per Share Directional (in US$)
3.913.913.91
5.085.085.08
2025 2024
Directional depreciation, amortization and impairment amounted to US$503 million in 2025, a US$72 million decrease
compar
ed with US$576 million in the year ago period. This decrease resulted from (i) FPSOs Liza Destiny and Prosperity no
longer contributing to depreciation following purchase of the units by the client at the end of 2024, (ii) FPSO Cidade de
Anchieta having a lower depreciable base as a result of the impairment recognized in the last quarter of 2024, (iii) the 13.5%
divestment of ownership interest in FPSO Sepetiba to CMFL completed in October 2024, (iv) the divestment of FPSO Aseng,
which was classified as assets held for sale in the period ended June 30, 2025, and therefore ceased to be depreciated from
that date onwards, while in 2024, it was depreciated during the full year, and (v) the release of the accumulated impairment
on the demobilization receivable for Thunder Hawk as a result of the sale of the asset completed during the period. This was
partially offset by (vi) FPSOs Almirante Tamandaré, Alexandre de Gusmão and ONE GUYANA joining the fleet upon
successful delivery during 2025 and (vii) the start of amortization of the Company's new global ERP system following its first
phase successful deployment mid-2025.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 185]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 185
Directional net financing costs totaled US$(304) mil lion in 2025, compared with US$(314) million in the year-ago period. This
improvement of 3% mainly resulted from (i) lower interest expense on the project loans for FPSOs Liza Destiny and Prosperity
following purchase of the units by the client, (ii) gains on forward currency contracts, (iii) higher interest income on cash and
short-term investments, (iv) the scheduled amortization of project loans for the fleet under operations, (v) lower interest on
the Company’s RCF and (vi) the 13.5% divestment ownership interest in FPSO Sepetiba to CMFL completed in October 2024.
This was partially offset by (vii) additional interest expense generated by the new construction financing of FPSO Jaguar in
2025, (viii) the new sale and leaseback financing agreement for FPSO Cidade de Paraty, (ix) increased financing to fund the
construction of FPSO Almirante Tamandaré, FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão and FPSO ONE GUYANA during the period and (x)
the amortization of the ONE GUYANA project financing transaction costs up to the expected purchase of the unit in early
2026.
The Directional effective tax rate increased to 25% versus 10% in the year-ago period. The increase is primarily driven due to
the impact of the sale of FPSO Unity and FPSO Prosperity in 2024 and the corresponding recognition of the margin on the
sale of these assets, which was not followed by the respective extent of corporate tax expense.
As a result, the Company recorded a Directional net profit of US$677 million, or US$3.91 per share, a 25% and 23% decrease
respectively, when compared with the Directional net profit of US$907 million, or US$5.08 per share, in the previous year.
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION − DIRECTIONAL
in millions of US$ 2025 2024
Directional total equity 2,536 2,002
Directional net debt1 5,651 5,719
Directional cash and cash equivalents 891 606
Directional total assets 11,656 10,815
Solvency ratio2 32.7 31.9
1 Directional net debt is calculated as Directional total borrowings (including lease liabilities) less Directional cash and cash equivalents.
2
Solvency ratio is calculated in accordance with the definition provided in section 4.3.23 Borrowings and lease liabilities - Covenants
Directional total equity increased by US$534 million from US$2,002 million at December 31, 2024 to US$2,536 million at
December 31, 2025. This incr
ease is driven by (i) the positive net result over the period and (ii) the increase of the hedging
reserve, partially offset by (iii) the dividends distributed to the shareholders of EUR150 million (equivalent to US$170 million3)
and (iv) the cumulative share repurchase amount of EUR154 million, equivalent to US$174 million4 (2024: EUR102 million,
equivalent to US$102 million) in relation to:
• The EUR65 million share repurchase program effective from August 8, 2024 and fully completed on April 23, 2025; and
• The EUR141 million share repurchase program effective from April 24, 2025, which is expected to be completed by
February 26, 2026.
In line with the progress of the share repurchase program, the Company cancelled 5,000,000 ordinary shares on November 3,
2025, representing 2.8% of the Company’s issued share capital. The total and final number of shares to be cancelled will be
determined upon completion of the share repurchase program.
The movement in the hedging reserve was mainly caused by (i) the increase in marked-to-market value of forward currency
contracts, driven by the depreciation of the US$ exchange rate versus the hedged currencies (especially EUR and BRL),
partially offset by (ii) the negative impact of the marked-to-market value of interest rate swaps due to decreasing US$ market
interest rates.
It should be noted that under Directional policy, historically the contribution to profit and equity of the FPSOs program
under construction has mainly materialized in the operating phase at the Company’s share of ownership in lessor-related
SPVs, in line with the generation of associated operating cash flows which is also applicable to FSO Chalchi. With regards to
FPSO Jaguar and FPSO GranMorgu which, contrary to the other FPSOs under construction, are classified as construction
contracts falling solely in the scope of IFRS 15, their contribution to profit and equity will largely materialize in the coming
years during the construction period both under IFRS and Directional reporting principles.
3 Based on t he EUR/US$ exchange rate on May 6, 2025. Dividends were paid in euro.
4 Based on the 2025 annual average EUR/US$ exchange rate.

[page 186]
186 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Directional net debt slightly decreased by US$(68) million from US$5,719 million at December 31, 2024 to US$5,651 million at
December 31, 2025. While t
he Turnkey (as a result of recent Sale and Operate contracts) and the Lease and Operate
segments generated strong operating cash flows, the Company (i) implemented of a new financing tool with the sale and
leaseback financing agreement for 
FPSO Cidade de Paraty fully drawn during the period, (ii) continued to draw on project
finance facilities for FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão and FPSO ONE GUYANA to finalize the related investment in growth and
(iii) implemented the construction financing for FPSO Jaguar. These were partially offset by (iv) the scheduled repayment of
non-recourse project debt, (v) the full repayment of the MPF facility, (vi) the partial repayment of the RCF, (vii) the full
repayment of the US private placement notes in relation to 
FPSO Cidade de Anchieta and (viii) the strong return to
shareholders.
More than two thirds of the Company’s Directional debt, as of December 31, 2025, consisted of non-recourse project
financing (US$5.3 billion) in special purpose investees. The remainder (US$1.1 billion) comprised (i) the construction financing
for FPSO Jaguar which will be repaid following completion of construction, and (ii) the Company’s new RCF, which was
drawn for US$100 million as at December 31, 2025. Directional cash and cash equivalents amounted to US$891 million
(December 31, 2024: US$606 million) and lease liabilities totaled US$115 million (December 31, 2024: US$93 million).
Directional net debt is reconciled to IFRS figures as follows:
Notes FY 2025 FY 2024
Total Borrowings and lease liabilities 4.3.23 9,155 8,943
Less: Cash and cash equivalents 4.3.21 (1,086) (806)
Net debt 4.3.27 8,068 8,137
Impact of lease accounting treatment 4.3.2 - -
Impact of consolidation methods 4.3.2 (2,418) (2,418)
Directional net debt 5,650 5,719
Directional total assets increased to US$11.7 billion as at December 31, 2025, compared with US$10.8 billion at year-end
2024, fol
lowing (i) the investments in property, plant and equipment for FPSOs under construction during the period net of
depreciation of the period on FPSOs under operation, (ii) the investments in multi-purpose floater hulls and related
equipment under construction for use in future projects, (iii) the increase of contract assets and receivables mostly related to
FPSO projects under construction at the end of the year and (iv) net cash generation.
Directional cash from operating activities for the period was positive at US$1,166 million. This reflected strong cash flows
generated by the fleet under operations and the positive Turnkey cash flows benefiting mostly from client milestone
payments on Sale and Operate model FPSO projects.
The relevant covenants (solvency ratio, interest cover ratio and backlog cover ratio) applicable for the Company’s RCF, drawn
for c. US$100 million as at year-end 2025, were all met at December 31, 2025. For more detailed information on covenants,
please refer to section 4.3.23 Borrowings and Lease Liabilities. In line with previous years, the Company had no off-balance
sheet financing.
CASH FLOW / LIQUIDITIES − DIRECTIONAL
Directional cash and undrawn committed credit facilities amount to US$2,396 million at December 31, 2025, of which US$505
million is considered as pledged to specific project debt-servicing related to FPSO 
Jaguar, or otherwise restricted in its
utilization.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 187]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 187
The consolidated cash flow statement under Dir ectional reporting is as follows:
in millions of US$ 2025 2024
Directional EBITDA 1,709 1,896
Adjustments for non-cash and investing items
Directional Addition/(release) provision 58 23
Directional Effect of disposal of property, plant and equipment (0) 1,112
Directional (Gain) / loss on disposal of equity-accounted investees (31) -
Directional (Gain) / loss on acquisition of shares in investees (54) (74)
Directional Share-based payments 23 21
Changes in operating assets and liabilities
Directional (Increase)/Decrease in operating receivables 5 (1,181)
Directional Movement in contract assets (279) 124
Directional (Increase)/Decrease in inventories (300) (26)
Directional Increase/(Decrease) in operating liabilities 174 773
Directional Income taxes paid (139) (178)
Directional Net cash flows fr om (used in) operating activities 1,166 2,492
Directional Capital expenditures (487) (937)
Directional (Addition) / repayments of funding loans (0) (4)
Directional Cash flows fr om changes in interests of subsidiaries (28) 1
Directional Cash receipts from sale of investments in joint ventures 42 57
Directional Other investing activities 195 27
Directional Net cash flows fr om (used in) investing activities (278) (858)
Directional Additions and repayments of borrowings and lease liabilities (7) (969)
Directional Dividends paid to shareholders (173) (154)
Directional Share repurchase program (174) (102)
Directional Interest paid (276) (327)
Directional Net cash flows fr om (used in) financing activities (630) (1,552)
Directional Foreign currency variations (10) (3)
Directional Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 248 79
The Company generated strong Directional operating cash flows mainly as a r esult of the cash flow from the expanded fleet
under operations and the positive turnkey cash flows benefiting from client's milestone payments on FPSO projects under
construction (mostly on Sale and Operate contracts).
Cash generated from Directional operating cash flows and drawdowns on project and construction financing, together with
some of the Company’s existing cash, was primarily used to:
• Invest in the four Lease and Operate FPSOs/FSO under construction over the period and the Fast4Ward ® new build multi-
purpose hulls and related equipment for use in future projects;
• Full repayment of the US private placement notes in relation to the FPSO Cidade de Anchieta and the existing RCF;
• Return funds to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase programs; and
• Service the Company’s non-recourse debt and interest in accordance with the respective repayment schedules.
The Company completed the acquisition of the shares in the lease and operating entities related to FPSO Espirito Santo, the
sale of all its shares in the parent company of FPSO Kikeh and the sale of all its shares in the lease and operating entities
related to FPSO Aseng, which are all reported as investing activities within the Directional cash flow statement.
As a result, Directional cash and cash equivalents increased from US$642 million (including US$36 million classified as held
for sale) at year-end 2024 to US$891 million at year-end 2025.

[page 188]
188 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
4.1.5 ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES
ESMA defines an al
ternative performance measure (APM) as a financial measure of historical or future financial performance,
financial position, or cash flows, other than a financial measure defined or specified in the applicable financial reporting
framework (IFRS).
In addition to measures defined in IFRS, the Company continuously analyzes the performance of its activities based on APMs
applicable to IFRS and to Directional reporting.
The Company provides a full reconciliation of Directional reporting and IFRS figures for items relating to the consolidated
income statement, the consolidated statement of financial position and the consolidated cash flow statement in 4.3.2
Operating Segments and Directional Reporting. Refer to 4.1.1 Financial Overview for the background and purpose of
Directional reporting.
APMs may be viewed under the following two categories:
1. APMs applicable to IFRS and Directional reporting: The Company uses these APMs in order to enhance investors’
understanding of its financial reporting, and to facilitate meaningful comparison of the results between periods. The
Company provides these APMs based on IFRS and Directional reporting.
APM Definition Purpose
Operating profit/(loss)
(EBIT)
Earnings before interest and tax.
EBIT is calculated based on Pr
ofit/(loss) excluding net
financing costs, income tax expense, as well as share
of profit/(loss) of equity-accounted investees and is
presented in the consolidated income statement.
Used to monitor earnings trend.
EBITDA Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and
amort
ization.
EBITDA is calculated based on EBIT excluding
depreciation, amortization and impairment and is
derived from the consolidated income statement.
Indicator of the Company’s overall
pr
ofitability.
Net debt Net debt is calculated as total borrowings (including
lease l
iabilities) less cash and cash equivalents.
Reconciliation on an annual basis is provided under
Capital risk management in note 4.3.27 Financial
Instruments − Fair Values and Risk Management of the
annual consolidated financial statements.
Indicator of the Company’s level of debt.
Directional EBIT EBIT calculation based on Directional reporting
instead of IFRS. Refer to 4.3.2 Operat
ing Segments
and Directional Reporting for further detail.
Used to monitor earnings trend based on
Dir
ectional reporting, as monitored by the
Management Board.
Directional EBITDA EBITDA calculation based on Directional reporting
instead of IFRS. Refer to 4.3.2 Operat
ing Segments
and Directional Reporting for further detail.
Indicator of the Company’s overall
pr
ofitability based on Directional
reporting, as monitored by the
Management Board.
Directional net debt Net debt calculation based on Directional reporting
instead of IFRS. Refer to 4.3.2 Operat
ing Segments
and Directional Reporting for further detail.
Indicator of the Company’s level of debt
based on Dir
ectional reporting, as
monitored by the Management Board.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 189]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 189
EBITDA (IFRS) is reconciled to the consolidated income statement as follows:
in US$ million Notes FY 2025 FY 2024
Profit/(loss) 1,109 211
Add: Income tax expense 4.3.10 117 73
Profit/(loss) befor e tax 1,226 284
Less: Share of pr ofit/(loss) of equity accounted investees 4.3.29 4 (19)
Add: Net financing costs 4.3.9 571 663
Operating pr ofit/(loss) (EBIT) 1,801 929
Add: Depreciation, amortization and impairment 4.3.5 51 113
EBITDA 1,852 1,041
Directional EBIT and Directional EBITDA are reconciled in this report in note 4.3.2 Operating Segments and Directional
Report
ing.
Directional net debt and net debt are reconciled as follows:
Notes FY 2025 FY 2024
Total Borrowings and lease liabilities 4.3.23 9,155 8,943
Less: Cash and cash equivalents 4.3.21 (1,086) (806)
Net debt 4.3.27 8,068 8,137
Impact of lease accounting treatment 4.3.2 - -
Impact of consolidation methods 4.3.2 (2,418) (2,418)
Directional net debt 5,650 5,719
2. APMs specific to Dir ectional reporting: In addition to the APMs applicable for IFRS and Directional reporting, the
Company uses forecast measures specific to Directional reporting.
APM Definition Purpose
Pro-forma Directional backlog Represents a pro-forma view of the outstanding
performance obl
igations to its clients on awarded contracts
under Directional reporting.
As such, this measure includes unsatisfied performance
obligations on ongoing construction contracts, lease
contracts treated as operating leases which according to
IFRS are finance leases, and ongoing multiple-year operating
contracts consolidated on a percentage of ownership basis.
As a forecast measure, it is not reconcilable to the
consolidated financial statements.
A key performance indicator
used to monitor t
he
Company’s future earnings
trend according to Directional
reporting measures.
Pro-forma Directional net cash
backlog
Reflects a pr o-forma management view of the foreseeable
net cash flows and operating performance related to the
pro-forma Directional backlog, after contingency, direct
overheads, tax and debt service.
Directional EBITDA is used as a proxy for underlying
operating performance and therefore does not include any
assumptions in relation to working capital movements.
As a forecast measure, it is not reconcilable to the
consolidated financial statements.
A key performance indicator
used to monitor t
he
Company’s future cash flow
and liquidity risk according to
Directional reporting
measures.

[page 190]
190 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
4.1.6 OUTLOOK AND GUIDANCE
For t
he Company’s 2026 Directional revenue guidance, the baseline is around US$6.5 billion of which around US$2.2 billion is
expected from the Lease and Operate segment and around US$4.3 billion from the Turnkey segment.
And for 2026 Directional EBITDA guidance, the baseline is around US$1.8 billion for the Company.
The guidance does not include any assumptions regarding potential future FPSO awards and will be updated at the end of
the relevant reporting period, if applicable.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 191]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 191
4.2 CONSOLIDA TED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
4.2.1 CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
in millions of US$ Notes 2025 2024
Revenue from contracts with customers 5,055 4,127
Interest revenue from finance lease calculated using t he effective
interest method 848 657
Total revenue 4.3.2/4.3.3 5,903 4,784
Cost of sales 4.3.5 (3,884) (3,652)
Gross margin 2,019 1,132
Other operating income/(expense) 4.3.4/4.3.5 23 29
Selling and marketing expenses 4.3.5 (45) (23)
General and administrative expenses 4.3.5 (177) (162)
Research and development expenses 4.3.5/4.3.7 (35) (40)
Net impairment gains/(losses) on financial and contract assets 4.3.8 15 (6)
Operating pr ofit/(loss) (EBIT) 1,801 928
Financial income 4.3.9 83 26
Financial expenses 4.3.9 (653) (690)
Net financing costs (571) (663)
Share of pr ofit/(loss) of equity-accounted investees 4.3.29 (4) 19
Profit/(loss) befor e income tax 1,226 283
Income tax expense 4.3.10 (117) (73)
Profit/(loss) 1,109 211
Attributable to shareholders of the parent company 922 150
Attributable to non-controlling interests 4.3.30 186 61
Profit/(loss) 1,109 211
Earnings/(loss) per share
Notes 2025 2024
Weighted average number of shares outstanding 4.3.11 173,122,168 178,649,722
Basic earnings/(loss) per share in US$ 4.3.11 5.33 0.84
Fully diluted earnings/(loss) per share in US$ 4.3.11 5.25 0.83

[page 192]
192 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
4.2.2 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
in millions of US$ 2025 2024
Profit/(loss) for t he period 1,109 211
Cash flow hedges 138 (96)
Deferred tax on cash flow hedges (21) 14
Foreign currency variations 1 35
Items that are or may be r eclassified to profit or loss 118 (48)
Remeasurements of defined benefit l iabilities 1 0
Items that will never be r eclassified to profit or loss 1 0
Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the period, net of tax 118 (47)
Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the period, net of tax 1,227 163
Of which
- on controlled entities 1,231 145
- on equity-accounted entities (4) 18
Attributable to shareholders of the parent company 1,097 52
Attributable to non-controlling interests 130 111
Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the period, net of tax 1,227 163
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 193]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 193
4.2.3 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
in millions of US$ Notes 31 December 2025 31 December 2024
ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment 4.3.13 278 266
Intangible assets 4.3.14 194 176
Investment in associates and joint ventures 4.3.29 24 21
Finance lease receivables 4.3.15 10,188 6,142
Other financial assets 4.3.16 110 136
Deferred tax assets 4.3.17 301 311
Derivative financial instruments 4.3.20 205 305
Total non-current assets 11,299 7,358
Inventories 4.3.18 332 37
Finance lease receivables 4.3.15 2,936 516
Trade and other receivables 4.3.19 1,314 1,438
Income tax receivables 21 9
Contract assets 4.3.3 946 6,809
Derivative financial instruments 4.3.20 162 124
Cash and cash equivalents 4.3.21 1,086 806
Assets held for sale 0 60
Total current assets 6,797 9,799
TOTAL ASSETS 18,097 17,157
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Issued share capital 50 46
Share premium reserve 1,007 1,007
Treasury shares (64) (31)
Retained earnings 3,126 2,489
Other reserves 286 108
Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company 4.3.22 4,406 3,619
Non-controlling interests 4.3.30 2,076 2,225
Total Equity 6,482 5,844
Borrowings and lease liabilities 4.3.23 6,587 7,714
Provisions 4.3.24 131 380
Deferred tax liabilities 4.3.17 109 178
Derivative financial instruments 4.3.20 4 64
Other non-current liabilities 4.3.25 72 89
Total non-current liabilities 6,903 8,425
Borrowings and lease liabilities 4.3.23 2,568 1,229
Provisions 4.3.24 315 185
Trade and other payables 4.3.25 1,707 1,216
Income tax payables 103 55
Derivative financial instruments 4.3.20 20 201
Total current liabilities 4,713 2,887
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 18,097 17,157

[page 194]
194 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
4.2.4 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
in millions of US$ Notes
Issued
shar
e
capital
Share
pr
emium
reserve
Treasury
shar
es
Retained
earnings
Other
r
eserves
Attributable
to
shar
eholders
Non-
contr
olling
interests
Total
Equity
At 1 January 2025 46 1,007 (31) 2,489 108 3,619 2,225 5,844
Profit/(loss) for t he period - - - 922 - 922 186 1,109
Foreign currency translation 4.3.22 6 - (5) (0) 0 1 (1) 1
Remeasurements of defined benefit
pr
ovisions 4.3.22 - - - - 1 1 - 1
Cash flow hedges 4.3.22 - - - - 203 203 (64) 138
Deferred tax on cash flow hedges 4.3.22 - - - - (30) (30) 9 (21)
Total comprehensive income for
t
he period 6 - (5) 922 174 1,097 130 1,227
IFRS 2 vesting cost of share-based
payments - - - - 23 23 - 23
Re-issuance treasury shares on the
shar
e-based scheme 0 - 28 0 (20) 7 - 7
Purchase of treasury shares - - (174) - - (174) - (174)
Share cancellation 4.3.22 (1) - 119 (118) 0 (0) - (0)
Cash dividend - - - (170) - (170) (288) (458)
Disposal of subsidiaries 4.3.30 - - - - - - (25) (25)
Transaction with non-controlling
inter
ests 4.3.30 - - - 3 1 5 33 38
At 31 December 2025 50 1,007 (64) 3,126 286 4,406 2,076 6,482
in millions of US$ Notes
Issued
shar
e
capital
Share
pr
emium
reserve
Treasury
shar
es
Retained
earnings
Other
r
eserves
Attributable
to
shar
eholders
Non-
contr
olling
interests
Total
Equity
At 1 January 2024 50 1,007 (26) 2,478 224 3,733 1,797 5,531
Profit/(loss) for t he period - - - 150 - 150 61 211
Foreign currency translation (3) - 2 0 34 33 2 35
Remeasurements of defined benefit
pr
ovisions - - - - 0 0 - 0
Cash flow hedges - - - - (153) (153) 57 (96)
Deferred tax on cash flow hedges - - - - 22 22 (8) 14
Total comprehensive income for
t
he period (3) - 2 150 (97) 52 111 163
IFRS 2 vesting cost of share-based
payments - - - - 21 21 - 21
Re-issuance treasury shares on the
shar
e-based scheme (0) - 25 0 (19) 5 - 5
Purchase of treasury shares - - (102) - - (102) - (102)
Share cancellation 4.3.22 (1) - 70 (69) - 0 - 0
Cash dividend - - - (150) - (150) (99) (249)
Acquisition of subsidiaries - - - - - - 178 178
Transaction with non-controlling
inter
ests 4.3.30 - - - 82 (21) 61 238 299
At 31 December 2024 46 1,007 (31) 2,489 108 3,619 2,225 5,844
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 195]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 195
4.2.5 CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
in millions of US$ Notes 2025 2024
Cash flow fr om operating activities
Profit/(loss) befor e income tax 1,226 283
Adjustments to reconcile pr ofit before taxation to net cash flows:
Depreciation and amortization 66 70
Impairment (16) 43
Net financing costs 616 659
Share net income of associates and joint ventures 4 (19)
Share-based compensation 24 21
Other adjustments for non-cash items (28) (49)
(Gain)/loss on disposal of subsidiaries and equity-accounted
investees 21 22
Net (gain)/loss on sale of property, plant and equipment (0) 1
(Increase)/Decrease in working capital:
- (Increase)/decrease trade and other receivables (19) 161
- (Increase)/decrease contract assets (1,019) (1,419)
- (Increase)/decrease inventories (300) (26)
- Increase/(decrease) trade and other payables 229 (469)
Increase/(decrease) other provisions (75) 4
Reimbursement finance lease assets 646 2,378
Income taxes paid (161) (178)
Net cash flows fr om (used in) operating activities 1,214 1,482
Cash flow fr om investing activities
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired 4.3.30 43 179
Disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed 4.3.30 (55) -
Investment in property, plant and equipment (34) (79)
Investment in intangible assets 4.3.14 (35) (37)
Additions to loans to joint ventures and associates 4.3.16 - (5)
Interest received 40 26
Disposal of interests in equity-accounted investees 60 12
Purchase of interests in equity-accounted investees (7) (6)
Other investing activities 4.3.19 107 0
Net cash flows fr om (used in) investing activities 118 92
Cash flow fr om financing activities
Equity funding from/repayment to non-controlling interests 4.3.30 2 196
Additions to borrowings and loans 4.3.23 1,425 2,151
Repayments of borrowings and lease liabilities 4.3.23 (1,440) (3,000)
Dividends paid to shareholders and non-controlling interests (452) (249)
Payments from/to non-controlling interests for change in ownership 4.3.30 (0) 53
Share repurchase program (174) (102)
Interest paid (403) (356)
Net cash flows fr om (used in) financing activities (1,043) (1,307)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 290 267
Net cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January 806 543
Net increase/(decrease) in net cash and cash equivalents 290 267
Foreign currency variations (10) (4)
Net cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December 1,086 806

[page 196]
196 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
As at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, no differences arise between net cash and cash equivalents and the
corr
esponding amounts in the statement of financial position.
4.2.6 GENERAL INFORMATION
SBM Offshore N.V . has its registered office in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and is located at Evert van de Beekstraat 1-77,
1118 CL, Schiphol, the Netherlands. SBM Offshore N.V . is the holding company of a group of international marine
technology-oriented companies. The Company globally provides services in the offshore oil and gas industry and broader
offshore infrastructure sector.
The Company is registered at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 24233482 and is listed on the Euronext
Amsterdam stock exchange.
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 comprise the financial statements of
SBM Offshore N.V ., its subsidiaries and interests in associates and joint ventures (together referred to as ‘the Company’).
They are presented in millions of US dollars, except when otherwise indicated. Figures may not add up due to rounding.
The consolidated financial statements were authorized for issue by the Supervisory Board on February 25, 2026.
4.2.7 ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES
A. ACCOUNTING FRAMEWORK
The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with, and comply with, IFRS
Accounting Standards (’IFRS’) and IFRS Interpretations adopted by the European Union, which were effective for the financial
year beginning January 1, 2025, and also comply with the financial reporting requirements included in Part 9 of Book 2 of the
Dutch Civil Code.
The consolidated financial statements of the Company are prepared on a going concern basis.
The Company has not identified any differences between IFRS adopted by the European Union and IFRS issued by the IASB
impacting its consolidated financial statements.
The Company’s financial statements included in section 4.4 are part of the 2025 financial statements of SBM Offshore N.V .
New Standards, Amendments and Interpretations applicable as of January 1, 2025
The Company has adopted the following new standards with a date of initial application of January 1, 2025:
• Amendments to IAS 21 – ‘Lack of Exchangeability’.
Amendments to IAS 21 – Lack of Exchangeability
These amendments to IAS 21 ’The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates’ specify when a currency is exchangeable
into another currency and how an entity determines the exchange rate to apply when a currency is not exchangeable and
require the disclosure of additional information on the effects on the entity when a currency is not exchangeable.
The amendments are not applied retrospectively. Any effect of initially applying the amendments is recognized as an
adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of initial application.
These amendments had no impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements, as the Company does not have
operations or material transactions in currencies that are not exchangeable.
Standards and Interpretations not mandatorily applicable to the Company as of January 1, 2025
Standards and amendments published by the IASB and endorsed by the European Union
The following standards and amendments published by the IASB and endorsed by the European Union are not mandatorily
applicable as of January 1, 2025:
• Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 – ‘Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments’;
• Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 – ‘Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity’;
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 197]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 197
• Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards - Volume 11 ; and
• IFRS 18 - ’Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements’ .
The Company does not expect a material impact on the financial statements due to the adoption of these standards and
amendments, except for the application of the new presentation requirements arising from the adoption of IFRS 18 as
described below.
IFRS 18 - Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
IFRS 18 was issued in April 2024, endorsed by the EU in February 2026 and will be mandatory as of January 1, 2027. The new
standard will replace IAS 1 – Presentation of Financial Statements, introducing new presentation and disclosure requirements
for the primary financial statements and notes to the financial statements. Amendments have also been made to other IFRS
Accounting Standards, most notably IAS 7, IAS 8, IAS 33 and IAS 34, in relation to IFRS 18 with the same effective date.
The Company is currently assessing impacts and practical consequences of the standard’s future application. Most
significantly, IFRS 18 will introduce structural changes to the Company’s consolidated statement of profit or loss and, to a
lesser extent, the consolidated cash flow statement. IFRS 18 does not adjust any accounting recognition or measurement
requirements, meaning the Company’s total annual profit or loss and net increase or decrease in cash flows do not change as
a result of the new standard.
Under IFRS 18, the consolidated statement of profit or loss will include five categories: operating, investing, financing,
income taxes and discontinued  operations (when applicable).
The Company’s business includes leasing activities, namely in the scope of vessel charter contracts, which qualify as finance
leases and operating leases according to IFRS 16 – ’Leases’. The Company is assessing whether or not these activities
constitute a main business activity of providing finance to customers or a main business activity of investing in assets, as
these activities are technically defined in the new standard. In case the Company has either or both specified main business
activities, some adjusted presentation requirements might apply.
Standards and amendments published by the IASB and not yet endorsed by the European Union
Other new standards and amendments have been published by the IASB but have not been endorsed yet by the European
Commission. Early adoption is not possible until European Commission’s endorsement. Those which may be relevant to the
Company are set out below:
• IFRS 19 - ’Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures’
;
• Amendments to IFRS 19; and
• Amendments to IAS 21 - ’Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency’.
The Company does not expect a material impact on the financial statements due to the adoption of these standards and
amendments.
B. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Critical accounting policies that involve a high degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates
are material, are disclosed in the paragraphs below.
(a) Use of estimates and judgment
When preparing the financial statements, it is necessary for the Management of the Company to make estimates and certain
assumptions that can influence the valuation of the assets and liabilities and the outcome in the income statement. The
actual outcome may differ from these estimates and assumptions due to changes in facts and circumstances. Estimates and
judgments are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of
future events that are believed to be reasonable. 
Estimates:
Significant areas of estimation and uncertainty in applying accounting policies that have the most significant impact on
amounts recognized in the financial statements are:

[page 198]
198 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
The measurement and recognition of revenues on construction contracts based on the input method:
Revenue of the Company is measured and recognized based on the input method (i.e. costs incurred). Costs and revenue at
completion are reviewed periodically throughout the life of the contract. This requires a large number of estimates,
especially of the total expected costs at completion, due to the complex nature of the Company’s construction contracts.
Judgment is also required for the accounting of contract modifications and claims from clients where negotiations or
discussions are at a sufficiently advanced stage. Costs and revenue (and the resulting gross margin) at completion reflect, at
each reporting period, Management’s current best estimate of the probable future benefits and obligations associated with
the contract. The policy for measurement of transaction price, including variable consideration (i.e. claims, performance-
based incentives), is included below in the point (d) Revenue.
In case a contract meets the definition of an onerous contract as per IAS 37, provisions for anticipated losses are made in full
in the period in which they become known.
Impairments:
Assumptions and estimates used in the discounted cash-flow model and the adjusted net-present-value model to determine
the value in use of assets, or group of assets (e.g. discount rates, residual values and business plans), are subject to
uncertainty. There is a possibility that changes in circumstances or in market conditions could impact the recoverable amount
of the asset or group of assets.
The anticipated useful life of the leased facilities under an operating lease:
Management uses its experience to estimate the remaining useful life of an asset. The actual useful life of an asset may be
impacted by an unexpected event that may result in an adjustment to the carrying amount of the asset.
Uncertain income tax treatment:
The Company is subject to income taxes in multiple jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining the
Company’s overall income tax liability. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination
is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. The Company takes into account the following considerations when
determining the liabilities related to uncertain income tax treatment:
• When necessary, the Company engages with local tax advisers, which provide advice on the expected view of tax
authorities on the treatment of judgmental areas of income tax;
• The Company considers any changes in tax legislation, and knowledge built based on prior cases, to make an estimate/
judgment on whether or not to provide for any tax payable; and
• The Company takes into account any dispute resolutions, case law and discussions between peer companies and the tax
authorities on similar cases over an uncertain tax treatment.
The Company consistently monitors each issue around uncertain income tax treatments across the group in order to ensure
that the Company applies sufficient judgment to the resolution of tax disputes that might arise from examination of the
Company’s tax position by relevant tax authorities.
The Company recognizes liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues, based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be
due. The income tax liabilities include any penalties and interest that could be associated with a tax audit issue. Where the
final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will influence
the income tax and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.
The Company’s exposure to litigation and non-compliance:
The Company identifies and provides analysis on a regular basis of current litigation and measures, when necessary,
provisions based on its best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the obligations, taking into account information
available and different possible outcomes at the reporting date.
The warranty provision:
A warranty provision is accrued during the construction phase of projects, based on historical warranty expenditure per
product type. At the completion of a project, a warranty provision (depending on the nature of the project) is therefore
provided for and reported as provision in the statement of financial position. Following the acceptance of a project, the
warranty provision is released over the warranty period. For some specific claims formally notified by the customer and which
can be reliably estimated, an amount is provided in full and without discounting. An overall review of the warranty provision
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 199]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 199
is performed by Management at each reporting date. Nevertheless, considering the specificity of each asset, actual warranty
expend
itures could vary significantly from one project to another and therefore differ materially from the initial statistical
warranty provision provided at the completion of a said project.
The timing and estimated cost of demobilization:
The estimated future costs of demobilization are reviewed on a regular basis and adjusted when appropriate. Nevertheless,
considering the long-term expiry date of the obligations, these costs are subject to uncertainty. Cost estimates can vary in
response to many factors, including, for example, new demobilization techniques, the Company’s own experience on
demobilization operations, future changes in laws and regulations, and the timing of demobilization operations. Generally,
demobilization costs include the budgeted operating costs for the activity which consist mainly of employee benefits,
materials and insurance, and include activities such as tank and topside cleanings, coral removal and vessel disconnection
and lay-up expenses. The estimated future costs are discounted using a risk-free rate appropriate for each obligation.
Estimates and assumptions made in determining these obligations can therefore lead to significant adjustments to the future
financial results. Nevertheless, the measurement of demobilization obligations at the reporting date represents
Management’s best estimate of the present value of the future costs required.
Significant estimates and judgments in the context of current economic and geopolitical environment
The 2025 financial year was impacted by commodity price volatility, inflation and variability of interest rates and energy prices
that continued to generate current economic and geopolitical uncertainty and volatility. Accordingly, the Company
reassessed its significant estimates and judgments. The following main areas identified by the Company as potentially
affected by the current global circumstances are:
• Key assumptions used in the impairment test of assets, or group of assets;
• Expected credit losses; and
• Additional costs in order to satisfy the performance obligations on some of the construction contracts, mainly due to
pressure on the global supply chain and a general increase in global inflation.
The impact of the current economic and geopolitical environment on the impairment of the tangible assets is disclosed
when applicable in note 4.3.13 Property, Plant and Equipment. Regarding the Company’s considerations for estimation of
expected credit losses, refer to note 4.3.8 Net Impairment Gains/(Losses) on Financial and Contract Assets. In relation to the
impact of additional costs incurred due to these current macroeconomic circumstances when satisfying the Company’s
performance obligations, refer to note 4.3.3 Revenue.
Following the assessments, the Company does not expect any significant impact in other areas.
Judgments:
In addition to the above estimates, Management exercises the following judgments:
Lease classification as Lessor:
When the Company enters into a new lease arrangement, the terms and conditions of the contract are analyzed in order to
assess whether or not the Company retains the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the asset subject of the lease
contract. To identify whether risks and rewards are retained, the Company systematically considers, among others, all the
examples and indicators listed by IFRS 16.63, on a contract-by-contract basis. By performing such an analysis, the Company
makes a significant judgment to determine whether the arrangement results in a finance lease or an operating lease. This
judgment can have a significant effect on the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements and its
recognition of profits in the future. The most important judgmental areas assessed by the Company are (i) determination of
the fair value, (ii) determination of the useful life of the asset, (iii) the highly specialized nature of an FPSO constructed on
behalf of the client and (iv) the probability of the client exercising the purchase or termination option (if relevant).
(b) Leases: accounting by lessor
A lease is an agreement whereby the lessor conveys to the lessee, in return for a payment, or series of payments, the right to
use an asset for an agreed period of time.
Leases in which a significant portion of the risk and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessor are classified as
operating leases. Under an operating lease, the asset is included in the statement of financial position as property, plant and

[page 200]
200 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
equipment. Lease income is recognized over the term of the lease on a straight-line basis. This implies the recognition of
deferr
ed income when the contractual day rates are not constant during the initial term of the lease contract.
When assets are leased under a finance lease, the present value of the lease payments is recognized as a finance lease
receivable. Under a finance lease, the difference between the gross receivable and the present value of the receivable is
recognized as revenue during the lease phase. Lease income is, as of the commencement date of the lease contract,
recognized over the term of the lease using the net investment method, which reflects a constant periodic rate of return. The
discount rate used to measure the net investment in the lease is the interest rate implicit in the lease. During the
construction phase, revenue is recognized over time, as per IFRS 15, due to the fact the Company is acting as manufacturer
lessor (refer to accounting policy (d) Revenue).
(c) Impairment of non-financial assets
Under certain circumstances, impairment tests must be performed. Assets that are subject to amortization or depreciation
are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
recoverable.
The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s Cash Generating Unit’s (’CGU’) fair value, less costs of disposal, and its
value-in-use. The recoverable amount is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows
that are largely independent of those from other assets or group of assets. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount
by which the assets, or CGU’s carrying amount, exceeds its recoverable amount.
In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate
that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and risks specific to the asset. The Company bases its
future cash flows on detailed budgets and forecasts. Project discount rates are periodically reviewed and an assessment is
performed to conclude whether any change in a project discount rate should be considered a triggering event to run an
impairment test on the related CGU.
Non-financial assets, other than goodwill, that have been impaired are reviewed for possible reversal at financial position
date, whenever the circumstances which caused the initial impairment have improved or no longer exist.
(d) Revenue
The Company provides design, supply, installation, operation, life extension and demobilization of Floating Production,
Storage and Offloading (FPSO) vessels. The vessels are either owned and operated by the Company and leased to its clients
(Lease and Operate arrangements) or supplied on a Turnkey sale basis (construction contracts). Even in the latter case, the
vessels can be operated by the Company, under a separate operating and maintenance agreement, after transfer to the
clients.
Other products of the Company include: Turret Mooring Systems (’TMS’) and brownfield and offshore (off)loading terminals.
These products are mostly delivered as construction, lease or service-type agreements.
Some contracts include multiple deliverables (such as Front-End Engineering Design (’FEED’), engineering, construction,
procurement, installation, maintenance, operating services and demobilization). The Company assesses the level of
integration between different deliverables and the ability of the deliverable to be performed by another party. Based on this
assessment, the Company ascertains whether the multiple deliverables are one, or separate, performance obligation(s).
The Company determines the transaction price for its performance obligations based on contractually-agreed prices. The
Company has various arrangements with its customers in terms of pricing, but, in principle (i) the construction contracts have
agreed fixed-pricing terms, including fixed lump sums and reimbursable type of contracts, (ii) the majority of the Company’s
lease arrangements have fixed lease rates and (iii) the operating and service type of contracts can be based on fixed lump
sums or reimbursable type of contracts. The Lease and Operate contracts generally include a variable component for which
the treatment is described below under ’Lease and Operate contracts’. In rare cases when the transaction prices are not
directly observable from the contract, they are estimated based on expected cost-plus margin (e.g. based on an operating
service component in a lease arrangement).
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 201]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 201
The Company assesses, for each performance obligation, whether the revenue should be recognized over time or at a point
in t
ime. This is explained in more detail under the below sections ’Construction contracts’ and ’Lease and Operate
contracts’.
The Company can agree on various payment arrangements that generally reflect the progress of delivered performance
obligations. However, if the Company‘s delivered performance obligation exceeds installments invoiced to the client, a
contract asset is recognized (see note 4.3.3 Revenue). If the installments invoiced to the client exceed the work performed, a
contract liability is recognized (see note 4.3.25 Trade and Other Payables).
Revenue policies related to specific arrangements with customers are described below.
Construction contracts:
The Company, under its construction contracts, usually provides Engineering, Procurement, Construction and Installation
(’EPCI’) of vessels. The Company assesses the contracts on an individual basis as per the policy described above. Based on
the analysis performed for existing contracts:
• The construction contracts generally include one performance obligation due to significant integration of the activities
involved; and
• Revenue is recognized over time as the Company has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to
date and the assets created have no direct alternative use.
Based on these requirements, the Company concludes that, in principle, construction contracts meet the criteria for revenue
to be recognized over time. Revenue is recognized at each period based upon the advancement of the work, using the input
method. The input method is based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to total estimated costs. Amounts in foreign
currencies included in total estimated costs are determined based on the forward exchange rate of the related hedging
instruments. Up to the moment that the Company can reasonably measure the outcome of the performance obligation,
revenue is recognized to the extent of cost incurred.
Complex projects that present a high-risk profile due to technical novelty, complexity or pricing arrangements agreed with
the client are subject to independent project reviews at advanced degrees of completion in engineering. An independent
project review is an internal, but independent, review of the status of a project, based upon an assessment of a range of
project management and company factors. Until this point, and when other significant uncertainties related to the cost at
completion are mitigated, revenue is recognized to the extent of cost incurred. Total estimated costs for an EPCI
arrangement usually include an amount of contingent operating costs, such as for project work hours, which are estimated
based on the Company’s experience and periodically reviewed up to project completion.
Due to the nature of the services performed, variation orders and claims are commonly billed to clients in the normal course
of business. The variation orders and claims are modifications of contracts that are usually not distinct and are therefore
normally considered as part of the existing performance obligation. When the contract modification (including claims) is
initially approved by oral agreement or implied by customary business practice, the Company recognizes revenue only to the
extent of contract costs incurred. Once contract modifications and claims are approved, the revenue is no longer capped at
the level of costs and is recognized, based on the input method.
EPCI arrangements also often include variable consideration such as for performance-based incentives and options for the
client to purchase goods and services in the scope of the project, which, if acquired, generally form part of the existing
performance obligation. Such variable consideration is included in the transaction price only when it becomes highly
probable that a significant reversal of the related revenue will not occur.
Generally, the payments related to the construction contracts (under EPCI arrangements) correspond to the work completed
to date, therefore the Company does not adjust any of the transaction prices for the time value of money. However, the time
value of money is assessed on a contract-by-contract basis and, in case the period between the transfer of the promised
goods or services to the customer and payment by the customer exceeds one year, the transaction price is adjusted for the
identified and quantified financing component.
Furthermore, finance lease arrangements under which the Company delivers a unit to a client are treated as direct sales (see
also point (b) above), therefore revenue is recognized over time during the construction period as the present value of the

[page 202]
202 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
lease payments accruing to the lessor, discounted using a market rate of interest. In order to determine the revenue to be
r
ecognized, based on this policy, the Company determines the applicable discount rate using a market interest rate that
takes into account, among others: time value of money, financing structure and risk profile of the client and project.
Lease and Operate contracts:
The Company provides its customers with the possibility of leasing the units under charter contracts. Charter contracts are
multi-year contracts and some of them contain options to extend the term of the lease or terminate the lease earlier. Some
of the contracts also contain purchase options that are exercisable throughout the lease term.
Charter rates
Charter rates received on long-term operating lease contracts are reported on a straight-line basis over the period of the
contract once the facility has been brought into service. The difference between straight-line revenue and the contractual
day-rates, which may not be constant throughout the charter, is accounted for as deferred income.
Revenue from finance lease contracts is, as of the commencement date of the lease contract, recognized over the term of
the lease using the amortized cost method, which reflects a constant periodic rate of return.
Operating fees
Operating fees are received by the Company for facilitating receipt, processing and storage of petroleum services on board
the facilities, which occur continuously through the term of the contract. As such, they are a series of services that are
substantially the same and that have the same pattern of transfer to the customer. Revenue is recognized over time, based
on input methods by reference to the stage of completion of the service rendered, either on a straight-line basis for lump-
sum contracts or in line with cost incurred on reimbursable contracts.
Bonuses/penalties
On some contracts, the Company is entitled to receive bonuses (incentives) or incurs penalties, depending on the level of
interruption of production or processing of oil. Bonuses are recognized as revenue once it is highly probable that no
significant reversal of revenue recognized will occur, which is generally the case only when the performance bonus is earned.
Penalties are recognized as a deduction of revenue when they become probable. For estimation of bonuses and penalties,
the Company applies the ‘most likely’ method, where the Company assesses which single amount is the most likely in a
range of possible outcomes.
Contract costs
The incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer are recognized as an asset when the costs are expected to be
recovered. The Company uses a practical expedient that permits the costs to obtain a contract to be expensed as incurred
when the expected amortization period is one year or less. The costs of obtaining a contract that are not incremental are
expensed as incurred, unless those costs are explicitly chargeable to the customer. Bid, proposal, and selling and marketing
costs, as well as legal costs incurred in connection with the pursuit of the contract, are not incremental, as the Company
would have incurred those costs, even if it did not obtain the contract.
If the costs incurred in fulfilling a contract with a customer are not within the scope of another IFRS standard (e.g. IAS 2
Inventories, IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment or IAS 38 Intangible Assets), the Company recognizes an asset for the
costs incurred to fulfill a contract only if those costs meet all the following criteria:
• The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the Company can specifically identify (for example,
costs relating to services to be provided under renewal of an existing contract or costs of designing an asset to be
transferred under a specific contract that has not yet been approved);
• The costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to satisfy)
performance obligations in the future; and
• The costs are expected to be recovered.
An asset recognized for contract costs is amortized on a systematic basis that is consistent with the transfer to the customer
of the goods or services to which the asset relates.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 203]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 203
Contract assets
Contract assets, as defined in IFRS 15, r
epresent the Company’s construction work-in-progress. Construction work-in-
progress is the Company‘s right to consideration in exchange for goods and services that the Company has transferred to
the customer. The Company‘s contract assets are measured as accumulated revenue, recognized over time, based on
progress of the project, net of installments invoiced to date. The invoiced installments represent the contractually agreed
unconditional milestone payments during the construction period and these amounts are classified as trade receivables until
the amount is paid. The Company recognizes any losses from onerous contracts under provisions, in line with IAS 37. Further,
the impairment of contract assets is measured, presented and disclosed on the same basis as financial assets that are within
the scope of IFRS 9. The Company applies the simplified approach in measuring expected credit losses for contract assets.
In case of contract asset balances relating to the finance lease contracts, the Company applies the low-credit-risk
simplification of IFRS 9 for the computation of the expected credit-loss. The simplification is applied as the credit-risk profile
of these balances has been assessed as low.
Contract liabilities
The Company recognizes a contract liability (see note 4.3.25 Trade and Other Payables) where installments are received in
advance of satisfying the performance obligation towards the customer.
(e) Operating segment information
As per IFRS 8, an operating segment is a component of an entity that engages in business activities from which it may earn
revenues and incur expenses, whose segmental operating results are regularly reviewed by the entity’s chief operating
decision maker, and for which distinct financial information is available.
The Management Board, as chief operating decision-maker, monitors the operating results of its operating segments
separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment
performance is evaluated based on revenue, gross margin, EBIT and EBITDA, and prepared in accordance with Directional
reporting. The Company has two reportable segments:
• The Lease and Operate segment includes all earned charter rates and fees from lease and operate arrangements as well
as fees from operating and maintenance agreements for vessels not owned by the Company.
• The Turnkey segment includes revenues from Turnkey supply contracts and after-sales services, which consist mainly of
large production systems, large mooring systems, deepwater export systems, fluid transfer systems, tanker loading and
discharge terminals, design services, supply of special components and proprietary designs and equipment and
brownfield activities. The new energy business, which mainly relates to the Company’s partnership in floating offshore
wind solutions, also forms part of the Turnkey segment.
No operating segments have been aggregated to form the above reportable segments.
The Company’s corporate overhead functions do not constitute an operating segment as defined by IFRS 8 ’Operating
segments’ and are reported under the ’Other’ section in note 4.3.2 Operating Segments and Directional Reporting.
Operating segment information is prepared and evaluated based on Directional reporting, for which the main principles are
explained in note 4.3.2 Operating Segments and Directional Reporting.
(f) Demobilization obligations
The demobilization obligations of the Company are either stated in the lease contract or derived from the international
conventions and the specific legislation applied in the countries where the Company operates assets. Demobilization costs
will be incurred by the Company at the end of the operating life of the Company’s facilities.
For operating leases, the net present value of the future obligations is included in property, plant and equipment, with a
corresponding amount included in the provision for demobilization. As the remaining duration of each lease reduces, and
the discounting effect on the provision unwinds, accrued interest is recognized as part of financial expenses and added to
the provision. The subsequent updates of the measurement of the demobilization costs are recognized, both impacting the
provision and the asset.
In some cases, when the contract includes a demobilization bareboat fee that the Company invoices to the client during the
demobilization phase, a receivable is recognized at the beginning of the lease phase for the discounted value of the fee.

[page 204]
204 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
When the receivable is recognized, it is limited to the amount of the corresponding demobilization obligation. These
r
eceivables are subject to expected credit-loss impairment, which are analyzed together with the finance lease receivable
using the same methodology.
For finance leases, demobilization obligations are analyzed as a component of the sale recognized under IFRS 15. It is
determined whether the demobilization obligation should be defined as a separate performance obligation. In that case,
because the demobilization operation is performed at a later stage, the related revenue is deferred until the demobilization
operations occur. Subsequent updates of the measurement of the demobilization costs are recognized immediately through
the contract liability, for the present value of the change.
C. OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for the
revaluation of certain financial instruments.
(a) Distinction between current and non-current assets and liabilities
The Company classifies its assets as current when it expects to realize the asset, or intends to sell or consume it, in its normal
operating cycle. Inventory and contract balances are classified as current while the time when these assets are sold or
consumed might be longer than 12 months. In the context of the Company’s operations, it is considered that its operating
cycle begins with the construction of the vessels, up to the moment of sale or transfer to finance lease receivable and the
remaining Turnkey warranty period. Financial assets are classified as current when they are realized within 12 months.
Liabilities are classified as current when they are expected to be settled within less than 12 months and the Company does
not have an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period or when
they are expected to be settled in the Company’s normal operating cycle. All other assets and liabilities are classified as non-
current.
(b) Consolidation
The Company’s consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of all controlled subsidiaries.
In determining, under IFRS 10, whether the Company controls an investee, the Company assesses whether it has (i) power
over the investee, (ii) exposure or rights to variable returns from its involvement, and (iii) the ability to use power over
investees to affect the amount of return. To determine whether the Company has power over the investee, multiple
contractual elements are analyzed, among which (i) voting rights of the Company at the General Meeting, (ii) voting rights of
the Company at Board level and (iii) the power of the Company to appoint, reassign or remove other key management
personnel.
For investees, whereby such contractual elements are not conclusive because all decisions about the relevant activities are
taken on a mutual consent basis, the main deciding feature resides then in the deadlock clause existing in shareholders’
agreements. In case a deadlock situation arises at the Board of Directors of an entity, whereby the Board is unable to
conclude a decision, the deadlock clause of the shareholders’ agreements generally stipulates whether a substantive right is
granted to the Company or to all the partners in the entity to buy its shares through a compensation mechanism that is fair
enough for the Company or one of the partners to acquire these shares. In case such a substantive right resides with the
Company, the entity will be defined under IFRS 10 as controlled by the Company. In case no such substantive right is held by
any of the shareholders through the deadlock clause, the entity will be defined as a joint arrangement.
Subsidiaries:
Subsidiaries are all entities over which the group has control. The group controls an entity when the group is exposed to, or
has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power
over the entity. Subsidiaries are consolidated using the full consolidation method.
All reciprocal transactions between two controlled subsidiaries, with no profit or loss impact at consolidation level, are fully
eliminated for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.
Interests in joint arrangements:
The Company has applied IFRS 11 ’Joint Arrangements’ to all joint arrangements. Under IFRS 11, investments in joint
arrangements are classified as either joint operations or joint ventures depending on the contractual rights and obligations
of each investor. In determining, under IFRS 11, the classification of a joint arrangement, the Company first assesses whether
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 205]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 205
joint arrangements are structured through private limited liability companies incorporated in various jurisdictions. Assets and
l
iabilities held in these separate vehicles are those of the separate vehicles and not those of the shareholders of these limited
liability companies. Shareholders usually have no direct rights to the assets, nor primary obligations for liabilities of these
vehicles. As a result, the Company classifies most of its joint arrangements as joint ventures. Joint ventures are accounted for
using the equity method.
When a joint arrangement is structured through a legal form that gives the partners rights to the assets and obligations for
the liabilities of the arrangement, or when other terms of the arrangement or other facts and circumstances give the partners
rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities, the Company classifies the interest as a joint operation. The Company
recognizes its share of the joint operation’s assets, liabilities, income and expenses in the consolidated financial statements.
Investments in associates:
Associates are all entities over which the Company has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate
in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but it is not control over those policies. Investments in
associates are accounted for using the equity method.
When losses of an equity-accounted entity are greater than the value of the Company’s net investment in that entity, these
losses are not recognized unless the Company has a constructive obligation to fund the entity. The share of the negative net
equity of these is first accounted for against the loans held by the owner towards the equity-accounted company that forms
part of the net investment. Any excess is accounted for under provisions.
Reciprocal transactions carried out between a subsidiary and an equity-accounted entity are not eliminated for the
preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Only transactions leading to an internal profit (e.g. for dividends or
internal margin on asset sale) are eliminated, applying the percentage owned in the equity-accounted entity.
The financial statements of the subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are prepared for the same reporting period as the
Company and the accounting policies are in line with those of the Company.
(c) Non-derivative financial assets
The Company’s financial assets consist of finance lease receivables, loans to joint ventures and associates and trade and
other receivables. The accounting policy on trade and other receivables is described separately.
Finance lease receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determined payments that are not quoted in an
active market.
Loans to joint ventures and associates relate primarily to interest-bearing loans to joint ventures. These financial assets are
initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs (if any) and subsequently measured at amortized cost.
The Company classifies its financial assets at amortized cost only if both of the following criteria are met:
• The asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect the contractual cash flows; and
• The contractual terms give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest.
Financial assets are derecognized when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire or have been
transferred and the Company has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.
(d) Borrowings (bank and other loans) and lease liabilities
Borrowings are recognized on settlement date, being the date on which cash is paid or received. They are initially
recognized at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred (transaction price), subsequently measured at amortized cost and
classified as current liabilities, unless the Company has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least
12 months after the statement of financial position date. 
Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset are
capitalized into the cost of the asset in the period in which they are incurred. Otherwise, borrowing costs are recognized as
an expense in the period in which they are incurred.

[page 206]
206 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Borrowings are derecognized when the Company either discharges the borrowing by paying the creditor or is legally
r
eleased from primary responsibility for the borrowing, either by process of law or by the creditor.
Liabilities arising from funds received under the Company’s existing supplier finance arrangements are presented as
borrowings while outstanding, and the respective receipts and payments are presented as cash flows from financing
activities.
Lease liabilities, arising from lease contracts in which the Company is the lessee, are initially measured at the net present
value of the following:
• Fixed lease payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;
• Variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate;
• Amounts expected to be payable under residual value guarantees;
• The exercise price of a purchase option, if the Company is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and
• Payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Company exercising that option.
The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be determined, or the
Company’s incremental borrowing rate.
Each lease payment is allocated between the lease liability and finance cost. Finance cost is charged to the consolidated
income statement over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the
liability for each period.
(e) Foreign currency transactions and derivative financial instruments
Foreign currency transactions are recognized in the functional currency, at the exchange rate applicable on the transaction
date. At the closing date, monetary assets and liabilities stated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional
currency at the exchange rate prevailing on that date. Resulting exchange gains or losses are directly recorded in the income
statement. At the closing date, non-monetary assets and liabilities stated in foreign currency remain translated into the
functional currency using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction.
Foreign currency income statements of foreign operations (except for foreign operations in hyper-inflationary economies) are
translated into the Company’s presentation currency (US dollars) at the average exchange rate prevailing during the year.
Statements of financial position are translated at the exchange rate at the closing date. Differences arising in the translation
of financial statements of foreign operations are recorded in other comprehensive income as foreign currency translation
reserve. On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of the net investment in foreign entities, and
borrowings of such investments, are taken to Company equity. On disposal or partial disposal of a foreign operation, any
corresponding cumulative exchange differences are transferred from equity to profit or loss.
Derivative financial instruments held by the Company are aimed at hedging risks associated with market risk fluctuations. The
Company uses primarily forward currency contracts, interest rate swaps and commodity contracts to hedge foreign currency
risk, interest rate risk and commodity price risk. Further information about the financial risk management objectives and
policies is included in note 4.3.27 Financial Instruments − Fair Values and Risk Management.
A derivative instrument (cash-flow hedge) qualifies for hedge accounting when all relevant criteria are met. A cash-flow
hedge aims at reducing risks incurred by variations in the value of future cash flows that may impact net income. In order for
a derivative to be eligible for hedge accounting, the following criteria must be met:
• There is an economic relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item.
• The effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes resulting from that economic relationship.
• The hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that used for risk management purposes.
All derivative instruments are recorded and disclosed in the statement of financial position at fair value. Purchases and sales
of derivatives are accounted for at trade date. Where a portion of a financial derivative is expected to be realized within 12
months of the reporting date, that portion is presented as current; the remainder of the financial derivative as non-current.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 207]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 207
Changes in fair value of derivatives designated as cash-flow hedge r elationships are recognized as follows:
• The effective portion of the gain or loss of the hedging instrument is recorded directly in other comprehensive income,
and the ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recorded in the income statement. The gain or
loss which is deferred in equity is reclassified to the net income in the period(s) in which the specified hedged transaction
affects the income statement.
• The changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments that do not qualify as hedging, according to the accounting
standards, are directly recorded in the income statement.
The sources of hedge ineffectiveness are:
• The non-occurrence of the hedged item;
• The change in the principal terms of the hedged item;
• The severe change of the credit risk of the Company and, or the derivative counterparty.
When measuring the fair value of a financial instrument, the Company uses market observable data as much as possible. Fair
values are categorized into different levels in a fair value hierarchy, based on the inputs used in the valuation techniques.
Further information about the fair value measurement of financial derivatives is included in note 4.3.27 Financial Instruments
− Fair Values and Risk Management.
(f) Provisions
Provisions are recognized if, and only if, the following criteria are simultaneously met:
• The Company has an ongoing obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event.
• It is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation.
• The amount of the obligation can be reliably estimated; provisions are measured according to the risk assessment or the
exposed charge, based upon best-known facts.
Demobilization provisions relate to estimated costs for demobilization of leased facilities at the end of the respective lease
period or operating life.
Warranty provisions relate to the Company’s obligations to replace or repair defective items that become apparent within an
agreed period, starting from final acceptance of the delivered system. These assurance-type warranties are provided to
customers on most Turnkey sales for a duration generally between 1 and 2 years. These provisions are estimated on a
statistical basis regarding the Company’s past experience or on an individual basis in the case of any warranty claim already
identified. These provisions are classified as current by nature as they coincide with the production cycle of the Company.
Other provisions include provisions like commercial claims, regulatory fines related to operations and local content penalties.
In relation to local content penalties, Brazilian oil and gas contracts typically include local content requirements. These
requirements are issued by the Agência Nacional do Petróleo, Gás Natural e Biocombustíveis (ANP) to the winning
concessionaire/consortia of auctioned Brazilian exploratory blocks or areas at the end of the bidding round, with the
intention to strengthen the domestic Brazilian market and expand local employment. The owning concessionaire/consortia
normally contractually passes such requirements on to, among other suppliers, the company delivering the FPSO. For the
Company’s Brazilian contracts, the Company assesses the execution strategy and may decide that execution of the project in
locations other than Brazil is more beneficial. Such a decision takes into account factors such as optimization of overall cost
of delivery, quality and timeliness. As a result, following the chosen execution strategy, the Company may expect not to meet
entirely the agreed local content requirements. In such circumstances, the expected penalty to be paid, as a result of not
meeting the local content requirements, is determined based on management’s best estimate and recognized as provision
during the construction period. The corresponding cost is expensed over the construction period of the asset.
(g) Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.
Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of such items. The capital value of a facility
to be leased and operated for a client is the sum of external costs (such as shipyards, subcontractors and suppliers), internal
costs (design, engineering, construction supervision, etc.), third-party financial costs including interest paid during
construction and attributable overhead.

[page 208]
208 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Subsequent costs are included in an asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it
is pr
obable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Company and the cost of the item can be
measured reliably. The costs of assets include the initial estimate of costs of demobilization of the asset, net of
reimbursement expected to be received by the client.
Costs related to major overhaul, which meet the criteria for capitalization, are included in the asset’s carrying amount. All
other repairs and maintenance are charged to the income statement during the financial period in which they are incurred.
When significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, those components are
accounted for as separate line items of property, plant and equipment. The depreciation charge is calculated, based on
future anticipated economic benefits, e.g. based on the unit of production method or on a straight-line basis as follows:
• New build Fast4Ward ® FPSO up to 30 years (included in vessels and floating equipment);
• Converted tankers FPSO 10-20 years (included in vessels and floating equipment);
• Floating equipment 3-15 years (included in vessels and floating equipment);
• Buildings 30-50 years;
• Other assets 2-20 years;
• Land is not depreciated.
Regarding useful lives for vessels in operation, they are usually aligned with the lease period. Useful lives and methods of
depreciation are reviewed at least annually and adjusted if needed.
The assets’ residual values are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, at each statement of financial position date. An asset’s
carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is higher than its
estimated recoverable amount.
Gains and losses arising on disposals or retirement of assets are determined by comparing any sales proceeds and the
carrying amount of the asset. These are reflected in the income statement in the period that the asset is disposed of or
retired.
Right-of-use assets, related to the Company’s lease contracts in which the Company is a lessee, are included in Property,
plant and equipment. Right-of-use assets and corresponding liabilities are recognized when the leased asset is available for
use by the Company. Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, comprising the following:
• The amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
• Any lease payments made at or before the commencement date;
• Any initial direct costs; and
• Restoration costs.
The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the shorter of the asset‘s useful life and the lease term, on a straight-line basis.
Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognized, on a straight-line basis, as an
expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less.
(h) Intangible assets
Intangible assets, acquired separately, are measured on initial recognition at cost. Following initial recognition, intangible
assets are carried at cost, less any accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses.
Software is recognized at historical cost and is amortized, on a straight-line basis, over its useful life. The useful life of
software is generally between 3 and 10 years, dependent on the type of software.
Research costs are expensed when incurred. In compliance with IAS 38, development costs are capitalized if all the following
criteria are met:
• The projects are clearly defined.
• The Company is able to reliably measure expenditures incurred by each project during its development.
• The Company is able to demonstrate the technical feasibility of the project.
• The Company has the financial and technical resources available to achieve the project.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 209]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 209
• The Company can demonstrate its intention to complete, to use or to commercialize products resulting from the project.
•
The Company is able to demonstrate the existence of a market for the output of the intangible asset, or, if it is used
internally, the usefulness of the intangible asset.
When capitalized, development costs are carried at cost, less any accumulated amortization and impairment losses.
Amortization begins when the project is complete and available for use. It is amortized over the period of expected future
benefit, which is generally between 3 and 5 years.
(i) Inventories
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined using the first-in first-out method. Net
realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated cost of completion and
selling expenses. Inventories comprise semi-finished, finished products and the Company’s Fast4Ward® Multi Purpose
Floater (’MPF’) valued at cost, including attributable overheads and third-party financial costs during construction and spare
parts stated at the lower of purchase price or market value. MPFs under construction are accounted for as inventories until
they are allocated to awarded projects and then reclassified from inventories to contract assets.
(j) Trade and other receivables
Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary course of business.
They are generally due for settlement within a maximum of 90 days and are therefore all classified as current. Trade
receivables are recognized initially at fair value. The Company holds the trade receivables with the objective to collect the
contractual cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently at amortized cost, using the effective interest method. The
Company applies the simplified approach in measuring expected credit losses for trade receivables.
Other receivables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost, using the effective
interest rate method. Interest income, together with gains and losses when the receivables are derecognized or impaired, is
recognized in the income statement.
(k) Impairment of finance lease receivables
For finance lease receivables, the Company assumes that the credit risk has not increased significantly since the initial
recognition if the finance lease receivable is determined to have a low credit risk at the reporting date (i.e. the Company
applies the low credit risk simplification). As a result, if the finance lease receivable is determined to have a low credit risk at
the reporting date, the Company recognizes a 12-month expected credit-loss.
(l) Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash in bank and in hand fulfilling the following criteria: a maturity of usually less than
three months, highly liquid, a fixed exchange value and an extremely low risk of loss of value.
(m) Share capital
Ordinary shares and protective preference shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue
of new shares are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.
(n) Income tax
The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognized in the income statement, except to the
extent that it relates to items recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the associated tax
is also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
Income tax expenses comprise corporate income tax due in countries of incorporation of the Company’s main subsidiaries
and levied on actual profits. Income tax expenses also include the corporate income taxes which are levied on a deemed
profit basis and revenue basis (withholding taxes in the scope of IAS 12). This presentation adequately reflects the
Company’s global tax burden.
(o) Deferred tax
Deferred tax is recognized using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and
liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements. Deferred tax is determined using tax rates and laws that
have been enacted or substantially enacted by the statement of financial position date and are expected to apply when the
related deferred tax asset is realized or the deferred tax liability is settled.

[page 210]
210 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against
which the temporary differences can be utilized. Deferred tax is provided for on temporary differences arising on investments
in subsidiaries and associates, except where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the
Company and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
(p) Employee benefits
Pension obligations: the Company operates various pension schemes that are generally funded through payments
determined by periodic actuarial calculations to insurance companies or are defined as multi-employer plans. The Company
has both defined benefit and defined contribution plans:
• A defined benefit plan is a pension plan that defines the amount of pension benefit that an employee will receive on
retirement, usually dependent on one or more factors such as age, years of service and compensation.
• A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Company pays fixed contributions to public or private
pension insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. The Company has no legal or constructive
obligation to pay further contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating
to employee service in the current and prior periods. The contributions to defined contribution plans and multi-employer
plans are recognized as an expense in the income statement as incurred.
The liability recognized in the statement of financial position in respect of defined benefit pension plans is the present value
of the defined benefit obligation at the statement of financial position date, less the fair value of the plan assets, together
with adjustments for unrecognized actuarial gains and losses and past service costs. The defined benefit obligation is
calculated periodically by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit method. The present value of the defined
benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows using interest rates on high-quality
corporate bonds that have maturity dates approximating to the terms of the Company’s obligations.
The expense recognized within the EBIT comprises the current service cost and the effects of any change, reduction or
winding up of the plan. The accretion impact on actuarial debt and interest income on plan assets are recognized under the
net financing cost.
Cumulative actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are
recognized immediately in comprehensive income.
Share-based payments: within the Company there are four types of share-based payment plans that qualify as equity settled:
• Restricted Share Unit (RSU);
• Short-term Incentive Program of Bonus Shares and Matching Shares;
• Value Creation Stake (VCS); and
• Ownership Shares.
The estimated total amount to be expensed over the vesting period related to share-based payments is determined by (i)
reference to the fair value of the instruments determined at the grant date, and (ii) non-market vesting conditions included in
assumptions about the number of shares that the employee will ultimately receive. Main assumptions for estimates are
revised at statement of financial position date. Total cost for the period is charged or credited to the income statement, with
a corresponding adjustment to equity.
When equity instruments vest, the Company issues new shares, unless the Company has Treasury shares in stock.
Any cancellation of matching shares will lead to an accelerated expense recognition of the total fair value, with a
corresponding adjustment to equity.
(q) Trade payables
Trade payables are amounts due to suppliers for goods bought or services received in the ordinary course of business. They
are generally due for settlement within a maximum of 90 days and are therefore classified as current. Trade payables are
initially recognized at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 211]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 211
4.3 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDA TED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
4.3.1 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Impact of current economic and geopolitical environment
Throughout 2025, uncertainty and volatility in the geopolitical and global economic landscape persisted. Conflicts in Eastern
Europe and the Middle East, together with rising geoeconomic tensions among major economies, continued to affect
financial market dynamics, global supply chains, inflation, and energy markets. While the Company does not have significant
business activity in the directly affected regions, of Eastern Europe and the Middle East, it maintains substantial
construction‑related operations in China. In this context, the Company continues to monitor potential supply chain
disruptions and assess risks associated with international trade.
Given its presence in Guyana, the Company also maintains regular oversight of regional geopolitical developments,
including the evolving tension in Venezuela.
The Company’s operations in 2025 were not impacted, and no disruptions are expected at this time. The Company liaises
closely with partners, clients, and authorities to monitor the situation in order to anticipate potential shifts that could
influence current or future activities.
The Company’s exposure to global trade‑related uncertainties, including tariff adjustments and broader economic shifts,
remains managed. Diversified sourcing strategies, stable logistics planning and improved supply chain conditions have
contributed to resilience across operations. Financial exposures arising from currency volatility are mitigated through
established hedging strategies and liquidity close management. While isolated pressures persist, they are addressed
proactively through contractual flexibility and ongoing operational oversight. Overall, no material disruption to operations is
expected.
SBM Offshore completes the Share Purchase Agreements with MISC Berhad
On January 31, 2025, the Company announced it had completed the transactions related to the Share Purchase Agreements
announced on September 6, 2024 with its partner MISC Berhad for:
• The acquisition of MISC Berhad’s entire effective equity interest in the lease and operating entities related to 
FPSO
Espirito Santo in Brazil; and
• The full divestment to MISC Berhad of SBM Offshore’s effective equity interest in the lease and operating entities of
FPSO Kikeh in Malaysia.
This transaction furthered the Company’s efforts to rationalize its Lease & Operate portfolio.
The acquisition of the interests in the entities related to FPSO Espirito Santo is accounted for as a transaction with a non-
controlling interest.
In 2025, the Company recognized its full divestment of its equity interest in the lease and operating entities of FPSO Kikeh.
As of December 31, 2024 the Company’s interests in the FPSO Kikeh entities were classified as assets held for sale.
FPSO Almirante Tamandaré producing and on hire
On February 19, 2025, the Company announced that FPSO Almirante Tamandaré was formally on hire as of February 16, 2025
after achieving first oil and the completion of a 72-hour continuous production test leading to Final Acceptance.
FPSO Almirante Tamandaré is owned and operated by special purpose companies owned by affiliated companies of
SBM Offshore (55%) and its partners (45%). The FPSO will operate under a 26.25-year charter and operation services
contracts with Petróleo Brasileiro S.A. (Petrobras).
SBM Offshore signs US$400 million Sale and Leaseback agreement for FPSO Cidade de Paraty
On April 9, 2025, the Company announced that it had signed a non-recourse sale and leaseback financing agreement for
FPSO Cidade de Paraty for the total amount of US$400 million and with a tenor of 8 years. The transaction was completed in
the first half of 2025.

[page 212]
212 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
FPSO Cidade de Paraty is owned by a special purpose company owned by affiliated companies of SBM Offshore (63.125%)
and its partners (36.875%). Under the terms of the agreement, the special purpose company will transfer the ownership to
four Chinese leasing companies.
The Company and its partners continue to operate and maintain the asset until the end of the initial charter and operate
contracts for the remaining period of 8.5 years.
Under IFRS reporting, the transaction does not lead to the derecognition of the Company’s finance lease receivable for
FPSO Cidade de Paraty according to IFRS 9. The Company has recognized the consideration received as a borrowing.
Likewise, under Directional reporting, the transaction is not treated as a sale of the vessel according to IFRS 16. The
Company continues to recognize its share of FPSO Cidade de Paraty as property, plant and equipment. The Company has
recognized its share of the consideration received as a borrowing.
SBM Offshore signs a US$1.1 billion Revolving Credit Facility
On April 10, 2025, the Company announced that it had signed a US$1.1 billion unsecured Revolving Credit Facility (RCF) with
a group of 13 international banks to refinance its existing US$1.0 billion RCF, which was due to expire in February 2026. The
new RCF has a tenor of five years and two one-year extension options as well as an uncommitted option to increase the
facility by an additional US$500 million.
The RCF is an important pillar of the Company’s financing strategy and can be used to finance general corporate purposes
and working capital needs during the construction of floating production solutions. Eligible green projects can be funded
under a specific green tranche of US$100 million.
SBM Offshore starts EUR141 million share repurchase following successful completion of the 2024 program
On April 23, 2025, the Company announced the completion of its EUR130 million share repurchase program initiated in 2024,
and the commencement of a EUR141 million (US$150 million equivalent5) share repurchase program, as announced on
February 20, 2025 and effective from April 24, 2025.
The objective of the EUR141 million share repurchase program is to reduce share capital and, in addition, to provide shares
for regular management and employee share programs (maximum US$25 million). Repurchased shares not allocated to
regular management end employee share programs will be cancelled. The share repurchase program is expected to be
completed by February 26, 2026, and is executed under the authorization granted by the Annual General Meeting of the
Company on April 9, 2025.
The share repurchase program is executed under the terms of an engagement letter with a third party, performed in
compliance with the safe harbor provisions for share repurchases, and therefore transactions may be carried out during
closed periods.
In accordance with the European Market Abuse Regulation, the Company informs the market of the progress made in the
execution of this program through weekly press releases and updates on its website.
FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão producing and on hire
On May 27, 2025, the Company announced that 
FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão was formally on hire as of May 24, 2025, after
achieving first oil and the completion of a 72-hour continuous production test leading to Final Acceptance.
FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão is owned and operated by special purpose companies owned by affiliated companies of
SBM Offshore (55%) and its partners (45%). The FPSO will operate under 22.5-year charter and operation services contracts
with Petróleo Brasileiro S.A. (Petrobras).
SBM Offshore signs Share Purchase Agreement with GEPetrol
On June 4, 2025, the Company announced it had signed a Share Purchase Agreement for the full divestment of the
Company’s equity interest in the lease and operating entities of 
FPSO Aseng to GEPetrol. The Company’s exit from
Equatorial Guinea will take place following an operational transition phase lasting up to 12 months.
5 Based on t he foreign exchange rate on February 20, 2025.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 213]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 213
The Company’s sale of its participation in the unit in Equatorial Guinea is in line with its strategy to rationalize its Lease &
Operate port
folio, as per other recent transactions.
On December 17, 2025, the Company confirmed it had completed the transaction.
The divestment is accounted for as a disposal of subsidiaries, leading to the full derecognition of the assets and liabilities of
the FPSO Aseng lease and operating entities from the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Refer to note 4.3.30
Information on Non-controlling Interests for further information on the divestment.
SBM Offshore signs an operations and maintenance contract for FPSO GranMorgu with TotalEnergies
On June 19, 2025, the Company announced it had signed an operations and maintenance contract with TotalEnergies EP
Suriname B.V ., an affiliate of TotalEnergies, for the FPSO GranMorgu, as part of the field development project located in
Block 58 in Suriname.
The operations and maintenance contract covers the operation readiness phase before first oil as well as the operations and
maintenance services for a minimum period of two years after first oil with extension options.
FPSO ONE GUYANA producing and on hire
On August 8, 2025, the Company announced that FPSO ONE GUYANA has produced first oil and was formally on hire.
The FPSO is designed to initially produce an annual average of 250,000 barrels of oil per day, with associated gas treatment
capacity of 450 million cubic feet per day and water injection capacity of 300,000 barrels per day. The FPSO is spread moored
in water depth of about 1,800 meters and can store 2 million barrels of crude oil.
Sale of FPSO ONE GUYANA
On November 13, 2025, the Company announced that ExxonMobil Guyana has indicated it is contemplating the exercise of
its contractual purchase option to acquire FPSO ONE GUYANA in early 2026, ahead of the end of the maximum lease term
in August 2027.
On February 4, 2026, the Company announced the completion of the purchase of FPSO ONE GUYANA by ExxonMobil
Guyana, ahead of the maximum lease term which would have expired in August 2027. The purchase allows ExxonMobil
Guyana to assume ownership of the unit while the Company will continue to operate and maintain the FPSO until 2035.
The transaction comprised a total cash consideration of c. US$2.32 billion. The net cash proceeds have been primarily used
for the full repayment of the US$1.74 billion project financing and, as such, materially decreased SBM Offshore’s net debt
position.
Under IFRS reporting, the exercise of the purchase option led to the remeasurement of the finance lease receivable, with a
very limited impact in the consolidated income statement in 2025 and presentation of the remeasured carrying amount in full
as a current asset in the Company’s consolidated statement of financial position (refer to note 4.3.15 Finance Lease
Receivables ). The Company’s project finance facility related to FPSO ONE GUYANA was also fully included in the current
portion of ’Borrowings and lease liabilities’ in the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
Under Directional reporting, the transaction had no impact on the 2025 financial statements. In 2026, the net book value of
the property, plant and equipment will be recognized as cost of sales and the consideration received as revenue.
SBM Offshore signs contract extension of FPSOs Mondo and Saxi Batuque
On December 17, 2025, the Company announced it had signed a contract extension related to the lease and operation of
FPSOs 
Mondo and Saxi Batuque with Esso Exploration Angola (Block 15) Limited, as the Operator of Block 15, an affiliate of
ExxonMobil. The extension secures ownership and operations by SBM Offshore until 2032.
The agreement includes life-extension activities, for equipment replacement and refurbishment, to maintain high safety
standards and ensure operational excellence throughout the contract term. The scope of work is expected to start in 2026.
Under IFRS reporting, as a result of the revised terms, the lease contracts remain classified as finance leases with the
extensions having a very limited impact in the consolidated income statement.

[page 214]
214 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Under Directional segment reporting, the extended lease contracts remain classified as operat ing leases and will follow
linear revenue recognition over the extended period of the leases.
4.3.2 OPERATING SEGMENTS AND DIRECTIONAL REPORTING
OPERATING SEGMENTS
The Company’s reportable operating segments as defined by IFRS 8 ‘Operating segments’ are:
• Lease and Operate;
• Turnkey; and
• Other.
DIRECTIONAL REPORTING
Strictly for the purposes of this note, the operating segments are measured under Directional reporting accounting
principles, which in essence follows IFRS, but with three main exceptions:
• All lease contracts are classified and accounted for as if they were operating lease contracts under IFRS 16. Some lease
and operate contracts may provide for defined invoicing (‘upfront payments’) to the client occurring during the
construction phase or at first-oil (beginning of the lease phase), to cover specific construction work and/or services
performed during the construction phase. These ’upfront payments’ are recognized as revenues and the costs associated
with the construction work and/or services are recognized as ’Cost of sales’ with no margin during the construction. As a
consequence, these costs are not capitalized in the gross value of the assets under construction;
• All investees related to Lease and Operate contracts are accounted for at the Company’s share as if they were classified as
joint operations under IFRS 11, whereby all lines of the income statement, statement of financial position and cash flow
statement are consolidated, based on the Company’s percentage of ownership (hereafter referred to as ’percentage of
ownership consolidation’). All joint ventures and associates within the Turnkey segment (such as yards, installation vessel
and floating offshore wind joint venture) remain equity accounted. Therefore, when the Company has partners in the
lessor-related SPV owning the lease contract with the client, the Company recognizes revenue as well as margin
associated with the EPC works to the extent of the partners’ shares in the lessor SPV . In situations where the Company
reduces its percentage of ownership after the award date of the contract, due to a disposal of shares to a partner, the
relevant portion of the assets and liabilities already accounted at transaction date are derecognized. This derecognition is
accounted against (i) the recognition of the fair value of any consideration received and associated revenue and (ii) the
recognition of cost of sales for the leased asset and other gain or loss on disposal, to the extent of the ownership
divested; and
• Deferred taxes are adjusted according to the percentage of ownership consolidation. Deferred taxes are not recognized
either on intragroup eliminations or on the Directional lease accounting impact for differences in the timing of margin
recognition.
The above differences in the consolidated financial statements between Directional reporting and IFRS are highlighted in the
reconciliations provided in this note on revenue, gross margin, EBIT and EBITDA, as required by IFRS 8 ’Operating
segments’. The Company also provides the reconciliation of the statement of financial position and cash flow statement
under IFRS and Directional reporting. The statement of financial position and the cash flow statement under Directional
reporting are evaluated regularly by the Management Board in assessing the financial position and cash generation of the
Company. The Company believes that these disclosures should enable users of its financial statements to better evaluate the
nature and financial effects of the business activities in which it engages, while facilitating the understanding of Directional
reporting by providing a straightforward reconciliation with IFRS for all key financial metrics.
SEGMENT HIGHLIGHTS
Accounting treatment of current projects under construction (IFRS versus Directional)
Under IFRS, the construction of FPSO 
ONE GUYANA contributed to both Turnkey revenue and gross margin until the start of
production in the third quarter of 2025. This is because the contract is classified as a finance lease under IFRS 16 and is
therefore accounted for as a direct sale.
Under Directional Reporting, however, FPSO ONE GUYANA is qualified as an operating lease, with the lessor-related entities
being 100% owned by the Company. Therefore, its contribution to the Directional Turnkey revenue was limited to upfront
payments and variation orders directly paid by the client before or at the commencement of the lease. FPSO ONE GUYANA
began contributing to Directional profit and loss over the period following its start of production in August 2025, and will
further contribute in 2026 up to the date of sale to the client.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 215]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 215
The same treatment was applied to the construction of FPSO Almirante Tamandaré and FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão, which
fully contributed under IFRS to both Turnkey revenue and gross margin over the period, given these contracts are classified
as finance leases. Under Directional Reporting, the contribution to Turnkey Directional revenue and Directional gross margin
is limited to the portion of the sale to partners in the special purpose entity owning the units (45% for each). Their
contribution to Directional profit and loss otherwise began with the start of production in the first half-year of 2025 and will
continue to materialize in the coming years in line with the operating cash flows, included in the Directional Lease and
Operate segment.
With regards to the awarded Sale and Operate contracts for the FPSO 
Jaguar and FPSO GranMorgu projects, the full
construction revenue and margin will be recognized during the construction period under Directional reporting. These
contracts are qualified as a construction contract falling in the scope of IFRS 15 and each FPSO’s full ownership is expected
to be transferred to the client at the end of the construction period and before the start of operations. The operating part of
the contracts will be recognized separately during the operation phase.
Under IFRS, the construction of FSO Chalchi contributed to both Turnkey revenue and gross margin. This is because the
contract is classified as a finance lease under IFRS 16 and is therefore accounted for as a direct sale.
Under Directional Reporting, however, FSO Chalchi is qualified as an operating lease, with the lessor-related entities being
100% owned by the Company. Therefore, its contribution to the Directional Turnkey revenue is limited to upfront payments
and variation orders directly paid by the client before or up to the commencement of the lease. These upfront payments are
recognized as revenues and the costs associated with the related construction work and/or services are recognized as cost of
sales with no margin. Upon any partial divestment to partners, the Company will book Directional revenue and Directional
margin associated with the EPC works to the extent of the portion of the sale to partners in the special purpose entities.
Directional segment highlights
Directional Turnkey revenue decreased to US$2,772 million, representing 55% of total Directional revenue in 2025. This
compares with US$3,743 million, or 61% of total Directional revenue in 2024. This is mainly the result of:
• The sale of FPSOs 
Prosperity and Liza Destiny, completed in November and December 2024 respectively;
• The 13.5% divestment of ownership interest in FPSO Sepetiba to CMFL completed in October 2024;
• The reduced level of progress during the period compared with the prior year period on FPSO Almirante Tamandaré
(completed in February 2025), FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão (completed in May 2025) and FPSO ONE GUYANA
(completed in August 2025); and
• The completion of FPSO Sepetiba in early January 2024; partially offset by
• The increased progress on the construction projects FPSOs Jaguar and GranMorgu under the Sale and Operate model.
Directional Turnkey EBITDA decreased from US$724 million in the year-ago period to US$561 million in the current year. The
key factors impacting Directional Turnkey EBITDA are:
• The sale of FPSOs 
Prosperity and Liza Destiny, completed respectively in November and December 2024;
• The 13.5% divestment of ownership interest in FPSO Sepetiba to CMFL completed in October 2024;
• The reduced level of progress during the period compared with the year-ago period on FPSO Almirante Tamandaré
(completed in February) and FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão (completed in May); and
• The completion of FPSO Sepetiba in early January 2024; partially offset by
• Full margin contribution during 2025 from FPSO Jaguar and FPSO GranMorgu given that the projects reached the
requisite ’stage of completion’ to allow margin recognition during the last quarter of 2024 (limited margin contribution
during 2024) and the second quarter of 2025 respectively; and
• The successful close-out of the construction activities of FPSOs Almirante Tamandaré, Alexandre de Gusmão and ONE
GUYANA, delivered during the period.
Directional Lease and Operate revenue came in at US$2,295 million, a decrease versus US$2,369 million in the year-ago
period. This mainly reflects the following events:
• Reduced revenue from FPSOs Liza Destiny and Prosperity only contributing in the period as Operations and Maintenance
contracts following the purchase of the units by the client in the last quarter of 2024 (therefore not contributing to lease
revenue in 2025);
• Lower reimbursable scope on the fleet; and
• The end of FPSO Serpentina operations in the year-ago period; partially offset by

[page 216]
216 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
• FPSOs Almirante Tamandaré, Alexandre de Gusmão and ONE GUYANA joining the fleet upon successful delivery during
the period; and
• Improved performance of the fleet.
Directional Lease and Operate EBITDA slightly decreased from US$1,261 million in the year-ago period to US$1,235 million
in the current period. This decrease resulted from:
• Reduced revenue from FPSOs Liza Destiny and Prosperity only contributing in the period as Operations and Maintenance
contracts following the purchase of the units by the client in the last quarter of 2024 (therefore not contributing to lease
revenue in 2025);
• The prior year net gain arising from the acquisition of interests held by Sonangol related to FPSOs N’Goma, Saxi Batuque
and Mondo, and the divestment in the parent company of the Paenal shipyard in Angola;
• The impact of the full divestment of the lease and operating entities of the FPSO Aseng to GEPetrol completed in
December 2025 which, while positive from a cash consideration received perspective, generated a loss recognized
in ’Directional Other operating income’; and
• The change in ownership in FPSO Sepetiba following the divestment to CMFL in 2024; partially offset by
• FPSOs Almirante Tamandaré, Alexandre de Gusmão and ONE GUYANA joining the fleet upon successful delivery during
the period;
• Improved performance of the fleet;
• The net gain over the period from the acquisition of interests held by MISC Berhad in 
FPSO Espirito Santo entities and
the full divestment in FPSO Kikeh entities recognized in ’Directional Other operating income’; and
• The net gain arising from the Thunder Hawk sale completed during the period and recognized in ’Directional Other
operating income’.
The other non-allocated costs charged to Directional EBITDA amounted to US$(87) million in 2025, a US$2 million decrease
compared with the US$(89) million in the year-ago period, which is mainly explained by a reduction in general and
administrative costs.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 217]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 217
2025 operating segments (Directional)
Lease and
Operate Turnkey
Reported
segments Other
Total Directional
r
eporting
Directional revenue 2,295 2,772 5,066 - 5,066
Directional Cost of sales (1,596) (2,122) (3,718) - (3,719)
Directional Gross margin 698 649 1,348 - 1,348
Directional Other operating income/
expense 88 15 103 (3) 100
Directional Selling and marketing
expenses (7) (37) (45) (0) (45)
Directional General and administrative
expenses (35) (57) (92) (85) (177)
Directional Research and development
expenses (7) (27) (35) (0) (35)
Directional Net impairment gains/(losses)
on financial and contract assets 12 6 18 (3) 15
Directional Operating pr
 ofit/(loss) (EBIT) 748 549 1,298 (91) 1,206
Directional Net financing costs (304)
Directional Share of pr ofit of equity-
accounted investees (4)
Directional Income tax expense (221)
Directional Pr ofit/(Loss) 677
Directional Operating pr ofit/(loss) (EBIT) 748 549 1,298 (91) 1,206
Directional Depreciation, amortization and
impairment 487 11 499 5 503
Directional EBITDA 1,235 561 1,796 (87) 1,709
Other segment information :
Directional Impairment charge/(reversal) 0 (0) (0) (0) (0)

[page 218]
218 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Reconciliation of 2025 operating segments (Directional to IFRS)
Reported
segments under
Dir
ectional
reporting
Impact of lease
account
ing
treatment
Impact of
consol
idation
methods
Total Consolidated
IFRS
Revenue
Lease and Operate 2,295 (468) 571 2,398
Turnkey 2,772 718 15 3,505
Total revenue 5,066 250 586 5,903
Gross margin
Lease and Operate 698 (24) 343 1,017
Turnkey 649 334 19 1,002
Total gross margin 1,348 309 362 2,019
EBITDA
Lease and Operate 1,235 (549) 340 1,026
Turnkey 561 331 21 912
Other (87) - - (87)
Total EBITDA 1,709 (218) 361 1,852
EBIT
Lease and Operate 748 (97) 339 990
Turnkey 549 330 22 902
Other (91) - - (91)
Total EBIT 1,206 234 361 1,801
Net financing costs (304) (94) (172) (571)
Share of pr ofit of equity-accounted investees (4) - (0) (4)
Income tax expense (221) 113 (9) (117)
Profit/(loss) 677 253 180 1,109
Impairment charge/(reversal) (0) - - (0)
The reconciliation from Directional reporting to IFRS comprises two main steps:
•
In the first step, lease contracts that are classified and accounted for as finance lease contracts under IFRS are restated
from an operating lease accounting treatment to a finance lease accounting treatment.
• In the second step, the consolidation method is changed (i) from percentage of ownership consolidation to full
consolidation for those Lease and Operate-related subsidiaries over which the Company has control, and (ii) from
percentage of ownership consolidation to the equity method for those Lease and Operate-related investees that are
classified as joint ventures, in accordance with IFRS 11.
Impact of lease accounting treatment
For the Lease and Operate segment, the restatement from an operating to a finance lease accounting treatment has the
main following impacts for the 2025 period:
• Revenue is reduced by US$(468) million. During the lease period, under IFRS, the revenue from finance leases is limited to
that portion of charter rates that is recognized as interest using the interest effective method. Under Directional reporting,
in accordance with the operating lease treatment, the full charter rate is recognized as revenue, on a straight-line basis.
• Directional Lease and Operate EBITDA is similarly impacted (reduction of US$(549) million) for the same reasons.
Additionally it should be noted that the completion of the Share Purchase Agreements with MISC Berhad, regarding the
acquisition of interests held by MISC Berhad in the 
FPSO Espirito Santo entities and the full divestment in the FPSO Kikeh
entities, led to the recognition of a gain in 2025 recognized in Directional Other operating income/expense. This gain is
reversed as under IFRS (i) the acquisition of the interests in the entities related to the FPSO Espirito Santo was accounted
for directly in equity as a transaction with a non-controlling interest and (ii) the full divestment of the Company equity
interest in the lease and operating entities of the FPSO Kikeh had no impact on the Lease and Operate EBITDA. The
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 219]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 219
Company’s full divestment in the FPSO Aseng entities led to the recognition of a loss in 2025 recognized in Directional
Other operating income/expense, with a small variance in IFRS.
• Gross margin is reduced by US$(24) million. Under IFRS the gross margin and EBIT from finance leases equal the
recognized revenue, following the declining profile of the interest recognized using the effective interest method. On the
other side, under the operating lease treatment applied under Directional reporting, the gross margin and the EBIT
correspond to revenue less depreciation of the recognized property, plant and equipment, both accounted for on a
straight-line basis over the lease period.
For the Turnkey segment, the restatement from operating to finance lease accounting treatment had the following impacts
over the 2025 period:
• Revenue and gross margin increased by US$718 million and US$334 million respectively, mainly due to the accounting
treatment of the Company’s FPSOs which were currently under construction during the period and which are accounted
for as finance leases under IFRS (FPSOs Almirante Tamandaré, Alexandre de Gusmão, ONE GUYANA and FSO Chalchi).
Under IFRS, a finance lease is considered as if it was a sale of the asset leading to recognition of revenue during the
construction of the asset corresponding to the present value of the future lease payments. This (mostly not-yet-cash)
revenue is recognized within the Turnkey segment.
• The impact on Turnkey EBIT and EBITDA is largely in line with the impact on gross margin.
Net financing costs increased by US$(94) million. During construction, interest on project loans is expensed under IFRS while
capitalized in the vessel under construction under Directional reporting.
Income tax expense decreased by US$113 million, mainly due to (i) the early sale of FPSO 
ONE GUYANA completed on
February 4, 2026 resulting in the release of the deferred tax liability recognized during the construction phase of the project,
which is not recognized under Directional reporting due to operating lease accounting, (ii) as well as the difference in the
timing of margin recognition due to the application of finance lease principles in IFRS, compared to operating lease in
Directional reporting.
As a result of the above elements, restatement from operating to finance lease accounting treatment results in an aggregate
increase of net profit of US$253 million under IFRS when compared with Directional reporting.
Impact of consolidation methods
The impact of consolidation methods in the above table describes the net impact from:
• Percentage of ownership consolidation to full consolidation for those Lease and Operate-related subsidiaries over which
the Company has control, resulting in an increase of revenue, gross margin, EBIT and EBITDA; and
• Percentage of ownership consolidation to the equity accounting method for those Lease and Operate-related investees
that are classified as joint ventures, in accordance with IFRS 11, resulting in a decrease of revenue, gross margin, EBIT and
EBITDA. To note, since the sale of the FPSO Kikeh entities in early 2025, the Company no longer has lease-related
investees that are equity-accounted under IFRS.
For the Lease and Operate segment, the impact of the changes in consolidation methods result in a net increase of revenue,
gross margin, EBIT, EBITDA and net profit under IFRS when compared with Directional reporting. This reflects the fact that
the majority of the Company’s FPSOs that are leased under finance lease contracts, are owned by subsidiaries over which the
Company has control and which are consolidated using the full consolidation method under IFRS.
For the Turnkey segment, the impact of the changes in consolidation methods results in a net increase of revenue, gross
margin, EBIT and EBITDA. This reflects the fact that under IFRS reporting the Company recognizes the full revenue, gross
margin, EBIT and EBITDA in the subsidiaries that are not totally owned by the Company, but over which the Company has
control.
As a result of the above elements, the restatement of the impact of consolidation methods results in an aggregate increase
of net profit of US$180 million under IFRS when compared with Directional reporting.

[page 220]
220 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
2024 operating segments (Directional)
Lease and
Operate Turnkey
Reported
segments Other
Total Directional
r
eporting
Directional revenue 2,369 3,743 6,111 - 6,111
Directional Cost of sales (1,682) (2,949) (4,631) - (4,630)
Directional Gross margin 686 794 1,480 - 1,480
Directional Other operating income/
expense 57 21 78 (4) 74
Directional Selling and marketing
expenses (4) (19) (23) (0) (23)
Directional General and administrative
expenses (25) (53) (77) (85) (162)
Directional Research and development
expenses (6) (34) (40) (0) (40)
Directional Net impairment gains/(losses)
on financial and contract assets 0 (7) (7) (1) (8)
Directional Operating pr
 ofit/(loss) (EBIT) 709 702 1,410 (90) 1,321
Directional Net financing costs (314)
Directional Share of pr ofit of equity-
accounted investees 5
Directional Income tax expense (105)
Directional Pr ofit/(Loss) 907
Directional Operating pr ofit/(loss) (EBIT) 709 702 1,410 (90) 1,321
Directional Depreciation, amortization and
impairment 553 22 574 2 576
Directional EBITDA 1,261 724 1,984 (89) 1,896
Other segment information
Directional Impairment charge/(reversal) 39 (0) 39 (0) 39
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 221]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 221
Reconciliation of 2024 operating segments (Directional to IFRS)
Reported
segments under
Dir
ectional
reporting
Impact of lease
account
ing
treatment
Impact of
consol
idation
methods
Total Consolidated
IFRS
Revenue
Lease and Operate 2,369 (546) 252 2,074
Turnkey 3,743 (1,111) 79 2,710
Total revenue 6,111 (1,657) 331 4,784
Gross margin
Lease and Operate 686 (91) 157 752
Turnkey 794 (439) 25 380
Total gross margin 1,480 (530) 182 1,132
EBITDA
Lease and Operate 1,261 (563) 145 842
Turnkey 724 (443) 6 287
Other (89) - 0 (88)
Total EBITDA 1,896 (1,006) 151 1,041
EBIT
Lease and Operate 709 (104) 145 750
Turnkey 702 (441) 8 270
Other (90) - (0) (91)
Total EBIT 1,321 (545) 153 928
Net financing costs (314) (194) (155) (663)
Share of pr ofit of equity-accounted investees 5 - 14 19
Income tax expense (105) 23 9 (73)
Profit/(loss) 907 (716) 20 211
Impairment charge/(reversal) 39 (2) (0) 36

[page 222]
222 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Reconciliation of 2025 statement of financial posit ion (Directional to IFRS)
Reported under
Dir
ectional
reporting
Impact of lease
account
ing
treatment
Impact of
consol
idation
methods
Total Consolidated
IFRS
ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment and Intangible assets1 7,5232 (7,051) 0 472
Investment in associates and joint ventures 23 - 1 24
Finance lease receivables - 8,638 4,485 13,124
Other financial assets 3743 (265) 0 110
Contract assets 774 172 0 946
Trade receivables and other assets 1,805 80 84 1,969
Derivative financial instruments 267 - 101 368
Cash and cash equivalents 891 0 195 1,086
Total Assets 11,656 1,574 4,866 18,097
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity attributable to parent company 2,545 1,857 4 4,406
Non-controlling interests (8) 28 2,056 2,076
Equity 2,536 1,885 2,060 6,482
Borrowings and lease liabilities 6,5424 - 2,613 9,155
Provisions 625 (292) 113 447
Trade payable and other liabilities 1,876 7 76 1,958
Deferred income 54 (27) 4 31
Derivative financial instruments 23 - 1 24
Total Equity and Liabilities 11,656 1,574 4,867 18,097
1 Under Directional, the cost related to the Brazilian local content penalty is capitalized in line with construction progress of related assets and presented in
t
he Directional statement of financial position under 'Property, plant and equipment and Intangible assets'. Under IFRS the same cost is directly recognized
as cost of sales in the IFRS consolidated income statement
2 Includes the amount related to units under construction.
3 Includes US$314 million related to demobilization receivable
4 Includes US$5.3 billion non-recourse debt and US$115 million lease liability.
Consistent with the reconciliation of the key income statement line items, the above table details:
•
The restatement from the operating lease accounting treatment to the finance lease accounting treatment for those lease
contracts that are classified and accounted for as finance lease contracts under IFRS; and
• The change from percentage of ownership consolidation to either full consolidation or equity-method accounting for
investees related to Lease and Operate contracts.
Impact of lease accounting treatment
For the statement of financial position, the main adjustments from Directional reporting to IFRS as of December 31, 2025 are:
• For those lease contracts that are classified and accounted for as finance lease contracts under IFRS, derecognition of
property, plant and equipment recognized under Directional reporting (US$(7,051) million) and subsequent recognition of
(i) finance lease receivables (US$8,638 million), and (ii) contract assets (US$172 million) for those assets still under
construction;
• Restatement of the provisions for demobilization and associated non-current receivable assets, mainly impacting other
financial assets (US$(265) million) and provisions (US$(292) million); and
• For operating lease contracts with non-linear bareboat day rates, a deferred income provision is recognized to show linear
revenues under Directional reporting. This balance (US$(27) million) is derecognized for the contracts that are classified
and accounted for as finance lease contracts under IFRS.
As a result, the restatement from operating to finance lease accounting treatment gives rise to an aggregate increase of
equity of US$1,885 million under IFRS when compared with Directional reporting. This primarily reflects the earlier margin
recognition on finance lease contracts, under IFRS compared with Directional reporting.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 223]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 223
Impact of consolidation methods
The above table of statement of financial posit
ion also describes the net impact of moving from percentage of ownership
consolidation to either full consolidation, for those lease-related investees in which the Company has control, or equity
accounting, for those investees that are classified as joint ventures under IFRS 11. The two main impacts are:
• Full consolidation of asset-specific entities that mainly comprise finance lease receivables (representing the net present
value of the future lease payments to be received) and non-recourse project debts, including the recognition of the
respective non-controlling interests; and
• Derecognition of the individual line items from the statement of financial positions for those entities that are equity-
accounted under IFRS, rolling up in the line item ’Investment in associates and joint ventures’. To note, since the sale of
the FPSO Kikeh entities in early 2025, the Company no longer has lease-related investees that are equity-accounted under
IFRS.
As a result, the restatement of the impact of consolidation methods gives rise to an aggregate increase of equity of US$2,060
million under IFRS when compared with Directional reporting.
Reconciliation of 2025 cash flow statement (Dir ectional to IFRS)
Reported under
Dir
ectional
reporting
Impact of lease
account
ing
treatment
Impact of
consol
idation
methods
Total Consolidated
IFRS
EBITDA 1,709 (218) 361 1,852
Adjustments for non-cash and investing items (4) 4 9 9
Changes in operating assets and liabilities (401) (649) (82) (1,132)
Reimbursement finance lease assets 0 434 211 646
Income taxes paid (139) (0) (22) (161)
Net cash flows fr om (used in) operating activities 1,166 (429) 477 1,214
Capital expenditures (487) 418 (0) (69)
Other investing activities 209 0 (22) 187
Net cash flows fr om (used in) investing activities (278) 418 (22) 118
Equity payment from/(repayment to) partners - - 2 2
Additions and repayments of borrowings and lease
l
iabilities (7) 0 (8) (15)
Dividends paid to shareholders and non-controlling
inter
ests (173) - (279) (452)
Interest paid (276) 10 (137) (403)
Share repurchase program (174) - - (174)
Payments from/to non-controlling interests for change in
ownership 0 0 (0) (0)
Net cash flows fr om (used in) financing activities (630) 10 (423) (1,043)
Net cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January 6421 (0) 164 806
Net increase/(decrease) in net cash and cash equivalents 258 0 31 290
Foreign currency variations (10) (0) 0 (10)
Net cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December 891 0 195 1,086
1 Directional 'Net cash and cash equivalents' as at January 1, 2025, includes US$36 million of cash presented in 'Assets held for sale' in the Directional
statement of financial posit
ion.
Impact of lease accounting treatment
At net cash level, t
he difference in lease accounting treatment is nil. The impact of the different lease accounting treatments
under Directional reporting versus IFRS is limited to reclassifications between cash flow activities.
A large part of the capital expenditures (US$418 million) is reclassified from investing activities under Directional reporting to
net cash flows from operating activity under IFRS, where finance lease contracts are accounted for as construction contracts.
Furthermore, the cash outflows and inflows relating to interests (including the effects of interest rare hedges) during the
construction of the FPSOs which are capitalized under Directional reporting as part of assets under construction (and
therefore presented in investing activities), are reclassified to financing activities under IFRS.

[page 224]
224 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
The impact of the change of lease accounting treatment at EBITDA level is described in further detail in the earlier
r
econciliation of the Company’s income statement.
Impact of consolidation methods
The impact of the consolidation method on the cash flow statement is in line with the impact described for the statement of
financial position. The full consolidation of asset specific entities, mainly comprising finance lease receivables and the related
non-recourse project debts, results in increased additions and repayments of borrowings under IFRS versus Directional
reporting.
The impact in net cash flows from operating activities (US$477 million) mainly includes the effect of changing consolidation
method from percentage of ownership consolidation under Directional reporting to full consolidation or equity method
under IFRS. This effect is partially compensated (US$(423) million) in the cash flows from financing activities, mostly driven by
the recognition (under IFRS) of cash flows from/to equity partners arising from the recognition of the partners’ percentage of
ownership, which are recognized as non-controlling interests where the full consolidation method is applied.
The impact in net cash flows from investing activities (US$(22) million) is mainly derived from the completion of the Share
Purchase Agreements with MISC Berhad during the period as well as the full divestment of the FPSO Aseng entities to
GEPetrol. It includes the effect of the derecognition of cash and cash equivalents of the FPSO Kikeh entities due to the full
divestment of the Company’s equity interest under Directional reporting while under IFRS it has no effect as those entities
where equity-accounted. This positive effect is more than offset by the effect of the acquired cash and cash equivalents of
the 
FPSO Espirito Santo entities under Directional reporting due to the increase in percentage of ownership, while under
IFRS there is no effect as those entities were already fully consolidated, as well as the effect of the derecognition of the cash
and cash equivalents of the FPSO Aseng entities, proportionally consolidated under Directional reporting but fully
consolidated under IFRS prior to disposal.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 225]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 225
Reconciliation of 2024 statement of financial posit ion (Directional to IFRS)
Reported under
Dir
ectional
reporting
Impact of lease
account
ing
treatment
Impact of
consol
idation
methods
Total Consolidated
IFRS
ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment and Intangible assets1 7,4902 (7,047) (0) 442
Investment in associates and joint ventures 20 - 1 21
Finance lease receivables 0 4,047 2,611 6,658
Other financial assets 2723 (132) (4) 136
Contract assets 326 4,474 2,009 6,809
Trade receivables and other assets 1,797 (29) 27 1,795
Derivative financial instruments 264 - 165 429
Cash and cash equivalents 606 (0) 200 806
Assets held for sale 40 40 (20) 60
Total Assets 10,815 1,352 4,988 17,157
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity attributable to parent company 2,008 1,606 4 3,619
Non-controlling interests (6) 20 2,212 2,225
Equity 2,002 1,626 2,216 5,844
Borrowings and lease liabilities 6,3254 - 2,618 8,943
Provisions 680 (213) 98 565
Trade payable and other liabilities 1,367 79 63 1,508
Deferred income 157 (140) 13 30
Derivative financial instruments 266 - - 266
Liabilities held for sale 18 - (18) -
Total Equity and Liabilities 10,815 1,352 4,989 17,157
1 Under Directional, the cost related to the Brazilian local content penalty is capitalized in line with construction progress of related assets and presented in
t
he Directional statement of financial position under 'Property, plant and equipment and Intangible assets'. Under IFRS the same cost is directly recognized
as cost of sales in the IFRS consolidated income statement
2 Includes US$3,957 million related to units under construction (i.e. Almirante Tamandaré, ONE GUYANA, FSO Chalchi and Alexandre de Gusmao).
3 Includes US$261 million related to demobilization receivable
4 Includes US$2.2 billion non-recourse debt and US$93 million lease liability.

[page 226]
226 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Reconciliation of 2024 cash flow statement (Dir ectional to IFRS)
Reported under
Dir
ectional
reporting
Impact of lease
account
ing
treatment
Impact of
consol
idation
methods
Total Consolidated
IFRS
EBITDA 1,896 (1,006) 151 1,041
Adjustments for non-cash and investing items 1,062 (1,092) 55 24
Changes in operating assets and liabilities (288) (990) (506) (1,784)
Reimbursement finance lease assets (0) 2,226 152 2,378
Income taxes paid (178) 3 (3) (178)
Net cash flows fr om (used in) operating activities 2,492 (859) (151) 1,482
Capital expenditures (937) 821 (0) (116)
Other investing activities 80 14 115 208
Net cash flows fr om (used in) investing activities (858) 835 115 92
Equity payment from/(repayment to) partners - - 196 196
Additions and repayments of borrowings and lease
l
iabilities (970) (0) 120 (849)
Dividends paid to shareholders and non-controlling
inter
ests (154) - (94) (249)
Interest paid (327) 24 (54) (356)
Share repurchase program (102) - - (102)
Payments to non-controlling interests for change in
ownership 0 0 53 53
Net cash flows fr om (used in) financing activities (1,552) 24 221 (1,307)
Net cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January 563 - (20) 543
Net increase/(decrease) in net cash and cash equivalents 82 (0) 184 267
Foreign currency variations (3) (0) (1) (4)
Net cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December 6421 (0) 164 806
1 Directional 'Net cash and cash equivalents' as at December 31, 2024, includes US$36 million of cash presented in 'Assets held for sale' in the Directional
statement of financial posit
ion.
Deferred income (Directional)
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Within one year (3) 44
Between 1 and 2 years (4) 37
Between 2 and 5 years 30 33
More than 5 years 31 44
Balance at 31 December 54 157
Directional deferred income is mainly related to the revenue of those lease contracts that include a decreasing day-rate
schedule. As r
evenue from lease contracts with customers is recognized in the income statement on a straight-line basis with
reference to IFRS 16 ‘Leases’, the difference between the yearly straight-line revenue and the contractual day rates is
recognized as deferred income. The deferral will be released through the income statement over the remaining duration of
the relevant lease contracts.
The decrease in deferred income mainly results from the derecognition of deferred income for the 
FPSO Espirito Santo
entities, following the acquisition of all remaining interests in January 2025 and associated recognition of all assets and
liabilities at fair value (deferred income fair value being nil), and the derecognition of the deferred income for the FPSO
Aseng entities, following the full divestment of the Company’s equity interest to GEPetrol in December 2025.
The deferred income from the remaining lease contracts is expected to increase over time in the coming 2 years and will
start being released through the income statement after that period.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 227]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 227
GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
The classificat
ion by country is determined by the final destination of the product for both revenues and non-current assets.
The revenue by country is analyzed as follows:
2025 geographical information (revenue by country and segment)
Directional IFRS
Lease and
Operate Turnkey
Reported
segments
Lease and
Operate Turnkey
Reported
segments
Guyana / Suriname 659 2,242 2,901 574 2,624 3,198
Brazil 1,218 167 1,385 1,513 369 1,882
Angola 304 195 499 221 195 416
Mexico - 66 66 - 215 215
Equatorial Guinea 82 0 82 58 0 58
Nigeria - 38 38 - 38 38
The United States of America 24 3 27 24 3 27
Other 8 60 68 8 60 68
Total revenue 2,295 2,772 5,066 2,397 3,505 5,903
2024 geographical information (revenue by country and segment)
Directional IFRS
Lease and
Operate Turnkey
Reported
segments
Lease and
Operate Turnkey
Reported
segments
Guyana / Suriname 799 2,947 3,746 602 1,691 2,293
Brazil 936 543 1,479 1,087 697 1,784
Angola 451 47 498 262 92 354
Equatorial Guinea 102 2 104 91 1 92
Malaysia 48 6 54 (0) 9 9
Nigeria - 36 36 - 36 36
The United States of America 27 3 31 27 3 31
France - 20 20 - 20 20
Norway - 20 20 - 20 20
Other 5 118 123 5 141 146
Total revenue 2,368 3,743 6,111 2,074 2,710 4,784
Under IFRS, the revenue generated in Angola following the acquisition of the shares in the lease and operating entities
r
elated to FPSOs N’Goma, Saxi Batuque and Mondo has been reported from the acquisition date on June 11, 2024 forward.

[page 228]
228 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
The non-current assets by country are analyzed as follows:
Geographical information (non-current assets by country)
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
IFRS DIR IFRS DIR
Brazil 10,820 5,827 6,726 5,998
Guyana / Suriname 24 1,753 18 1,634
Mexico 4 170 0 23
Switzerland 97 97 120 120
Monaco 66 66 60 60
Angola 14 56 159 106
Netherlands 40 40 33 33
France 14 14 12 12
Equatorial Guinea - - 24 47
The United States of America - - 18 18
Other 219 222 189 169
Total 11,299 8,247 7,358 8,220
RELIANCE ON MAJOR CUSTOMERS
Under IFRS, t
hree customers represent more than 10% of the consolidated revenue each. Total revenue from these major
customers amounts to US$5,292 million, for US$2,685 million, US$1,807 million and US$620 million respectively (included in
both segments). In 2024, two customers accounted for more than 10% of the consolidated revenue for a total of US$3,966
million, for US$2,249 million and US$1,716 million, respectively (included in both segments).
Under Directional reporting, three customers represent more than 10% of the consolidated revenue each. Total revenue from
these three major customers amounts to US$4,476 million, for US$2,567 million, US$1,289 million and US$620 million
respectively (included in both segments). In 2024, the revenue related to two major customers was US$5,142 million, for
US$3,728 million and US$1,414 million, respectively (included in both segments).
4.3.3 REVENUE
The Company’s revenue mainly originates from construction contracts and lease and operate contracts. Revenue originating
from construction contracts is presented in the Turnkey segment while revenue from lease and operate contracts is
presented in the Lease and Operate segment. Around 42% of the Company’s 2025 Lease and Operate revenue is made of
charter rates related to lease contracts, while the remaining amount originates from operating contracts. The Company
recognizes most of its revenue (i.e. around 98%) over time.
The Company’s policy regarding revenue recognition is described in further detail in note 4.2.7 B. Critical Accounting Policies
− (d) Revenue. For the disaggregation of total revenue by country and by segment, please refer to Geographical Information
under note 4.3.2 Operating Segments and Directional Reporting.
The Company’s construction contracts can last for several years, depending on the type of product, scope and complexity of
the project, while the Company’s Lease and Operate contracts are generally multiple-year contracts. As a result, the
Company has (partially) outstanding performance obligations to its clients (unsatisfied performance obligations) at
December 31, 2025. These unsatisfied performance obligations relate to:
• Ongoing construction contracts, including the construction of vessels under finance leases that still need to be
completed;
• Ongoing multiple-year operating contracts. Note that for this specific disclosure on unsatisfied performance obligations,
the lease component of the Lease and Operate contracts is excluded (this component being described in further detail in
notes 4.3.13 Property, Plant and Equipment and 4.3.15 Finance Lease Receivables). As noted, some contracts include
(performance) bonuses when earned or penalties incurred under the Company’s Lease and Operate contracts. The net
amount of performance-related payments for 2025 increased to US$127 million (2024: US$22 million). This increase is
mostly related to the prior year temporary shutdown of three units.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 229]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 229
The following table presents the unsat isfied performance obligations as at December 31, 2025 (in billions of US$):
Unsatisfied performance obl igations related to 2025 2024
Construction contracts including finance leases 4.3 7.0
Operating contracts 15.8 15.4
Total 20.1 22.4
The unsat isfied performance obligations for the committed construction contracts mostly relate to two major construction
FPSO contracts and one FSO. Revenue related to these construction contracts is expected to be recognized over the
coming three years in line with the construction progress on these projects.
The unsatisfied performance obligations for the operating contracts relate to (i) the Company’s vessels leased to clients
where the Company is the operator (both operating and finance lease contracts) and (ii) three operating contracts for
operating services on a vessel that is owned by the client. The operating contracts end between 2026 and 2050. The
Company will recognize the unsatisfied performance obligation over this period in line with the work performed.
With regard to future demobilization performance obligations, the Company will be compensated by clients through
existing contractual arrangements during the decommissioning period either based on a specific day-rate or based on
agreed scope of work and associated costs incurred. The total amount expected to be received depends on the expected
duration of decommissioning and the agreed scope of work.
The Company can agree on various payment arrangements which generally reflect the progress of delivered performance
obligations. However, if the Company’s delivered performance obligation exceeds installments invoiced to the client, a
contract asset is recognized. If the installments invoiced to the client exceed the work performed, a contract liability is
recognized.
As a result of various commercial discussions with clients, the Company recognized revenue amounting to US$2 million in
2025 (2024: US$28 million) originating from performance obligations satisfied in previous periods.
Lease revenue recognized for leases where the Company is the lessor, for both operating and finance leases, relates to fixed
and variable lease payments. Most of the Company’s revenue from lease contracts is based on fixed day-rates. To the extent
that lease payments are dependent on an index or a rate, changes are excluded from the measurement of the lease
receivable. The impact related to a change in index or a rate is recognized in the consolidated income statement from the
date the change occurs.
CONTRACT BALANCES
The table below sets out the contract balances for the years 2025 and 2024:
Notes
31 December
2025 31 December 2024
Current contract liability 4.3.25 343 31
Non-current contract liability 4.3.25 30 28
Total contract liabilities 373 59
Current contract assets 946 6,809
Total contract assets 946 6,809
Contract assets
The contract asset balance decr
eased to US$946 million at December 31, 2025, compared with US$6,809 million at
December 31, 2024. This is related to (i) the finalization of the construction of FPSOs Almirante Tamandaré, Alexandre de
Gusmão and ONE GUYANA during the period, as the contract assets related to these units were reclassified to finance lease
receivables (refer to note 4.3.15 Finance Lease Receivables) and (ii) the progress on projects under construction transferred
to contract liability during the period partially offset by (iii) the progress made during the period on the construction of FPSO
Jaguar and FSO Chalchi.

[page 230]
230 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Regarding information about expected credit losses recognized for contract assets, refer to note 4.3.27 Financial Instruments
– Fair V
alues and Risk Management.
Contract liabilities
The contract liabilities balance has increased to US$373 million at December 31, 2025, compared with US$59 million at
December 31, 2024. This relates to contracts for which the total installments invoiced exceed the revenue recognized over
time, mostly arising from the projects under construction. Contract liabilities are reported in trade and other payables (refer
to note 4.3.25 Trade and Other Payables).
Non-current contract liabilities totaled US$30 million as at December 31, 2025 (December 31, 2024: US$28 million), and
mostly relate to future demobilization performance obligations associated with expected demobilization costs in finance
lease contracts.
The Company recognized revenue of US$23 million during the period which was included in the contract liabilities as per
December 31, 2024.
4.3.4 OTHER OPERATING INCOME AND EXPENSE
2025 2024
Gains from sale of financial part icipations and property, plant and
equipment 28 32
Other operating income 20 2
Total other operating income 48 34
Other operating expenses (25) (5)
Total other operating expense (25) (5)
Total 23 29
In 2025, total other operating income and expense is mainly driven by:
•
The US$28 million net gain arising from the Thunder Hawk sale completed during the period and associated
derecognition of the demobilization receivable and demobilization provision;
• The partial release of a reimbursable grant, considering the Company's reassessment in 2025 indicating that the
applicable metrics that trigger the repayment of the grant will no longer be fully met; and
• The full divestment of the lease and operating entities of the FPSO Aseng to GEPetrol completed in December 2025 with
a loss of US$(20) million included in the line ’Other operating expenses’.
For clarification, the completion of the Share Purchase Agreements with MISC Berhad during the first half-year of 2025 had
no impact on ’Other operating income/(expense)’ in the period. The acquisition of the interests in the entities related to
FPSO Espirito Santo was accounted for directly in equity as a transaction with a non-controlling interest while the full
divestment of the lease and operating entities of FPSO Kikeh had a nil impact on the EBITDA.
For comparison, in 2024 total other operating income and expense included a net gain in a total of US$32 million arising
from the acquisition of interests held by Sonangol, related to FPSOs 
N’Goma, Saxi Batuque and Mondo, and from the
divestment in the parent company of the Paenal shipyard in Angola.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 231]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 231
4.3.5 EXPENSES BY NATURE
The table below sets out expenses by natur
e for all items included in EBIT for the years 2025 and 2024:
Note 2025 2024
Expenses on construction contracts (2,000) (1,704)
Employee benefit expenses 4.3.6 (1,074) (995)
Vessels operating costs (697) (770)
Depreciation, amortization and impairment (51) (113)
Selling expenses (29) (9)
Other costs (300) (300)
Total expenses (4,151) (3,890)
’Expenses on construction contracts’ increased compared with prior year, as a result of higher expenditure in the projects for
FPSO GranMorgu, FPSO Jaguar and FSO Chalchi, partially offset by the lower progress on FPSO Almirante Tamandaré,
FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão and FPSO ONE GUYANA, as those projects approached completion during the period.
’Employee benefit expenses’ increased due to higher work-hour-related activities in Turnkey projects and the ramp-up of
operations with 3 vessels joining the fleet in 2025.
’Vessel operating costs’ decreased mainly as a result of prior year non-recurring increases in the scope of work in several
vessels and the end of FPSO Serpentina operations in 2024, partially offset by the start of production of FPSO Almirante
Tamandaré, FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão and FPSO ONE GUYANA .
’Depreciation, amortization and impairment’ decreased compared with the prior year, mostly due to (i) FPSO Cidade de
Anchieta having a lower depreciable base as a result of the impairment recognized in the last quarter of 2024, (ii) the
impairment of funding loans provided to equity-accounted entities which was recognized in the previous year and (iii) the
release of the accumulated impairment on the demobilization receivable for Thunder Hawk as a result of the sale of the asset
completed during the period, partially offset by (iv) the start of amortization of the Company’s new global ERP system
following its first phase successful deployment mid-2025.
Selling expenses increased due to additional commercial activities for the FPSO market.
Expenses related to short-term leases and leases of low-value assets amounted to US$9 million (2024: US$5 million).
4.3.6 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES
Information with respect to employee benefits expenses are detailed as follows:
Note 2025 2024
Wages and salaries (581) (503)
Social security costs (73) (67)
Contributions to defined contribut ion plans (47) (40)
Contributions to defined benefit plans (2) (2)
Share-based payment cost (32) (30)
Contractors' costs (195) (212)
Other employee benefits (143) (140)
Total employee benefits 4.3.5 (1,074) (995)
Wages and salaries increased due to the higher number of workers needed to support the operation of three new vessels,
while maintaining t
he strong FPSO construction portfolio.

[page 232]
232 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Contractors’ costs include expenses related to contractor staff not on the Company’s payroll, linked to the Company’s
strategy of aiming to maintain flexibil
ity in its workforce management. Other employee benefits mainly include commuting,
training, expatriate and other non-wage compensation costs.
DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLAN
Contributions to defined contribution plans in 2025 and 2024 include the Company’s fixed contributions to country-specific
employee pension plans during each year.
The Company’s defined contribution plans also include the Company’s participation in the Merchant Navy Officers Pension
Fund (MNOPF), for which no contributions were made in 2025 or 2024. The MNOPF is a defined benefit multi-employer plan,
which is closed to new members. The fund is managed by a corporate trustee, MNOPF Trustees Limited, and provides
defined benefits for 20,659 (December 31, 2024: 21,281) Merchant Navy Officers and their dependents, out of whom 33 are
former employees of the Company.
The trustee apportions its funding deficit between participating employers, based on the portions of the fund’s liabilities,
which were originally accrued by members in service with each employer. When the trustee determines that contributions are
unlikely to be recovered from a participating employer, it can re-apportion the deficit contributions to other participating
employers.
Entities participating in the MNOPF are exposed to the actuarial risk associated with the current and former employees of
other entities through exposure to their share of the deficit of those other entities’ default. As there is only a notional
allocation of assets and liabilities to any employer, the Company is accounting for the MNOPF in its financial statements as if
it was a defined contribution scheme. There are no outstanding contributions to the plan agreed at present.
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS AND OTHER LONG-TERM BENEFITS
The employee benefits provisions recognized relate to:
Note 2025 2024
Pension plan (1) (0)
Lump sums on retirement 9 8
Defined benefit plans 9 8
Long-service awards 17 14
Other long-term benefits 17 14
Employee benefits pr ovisions 4.3.24 25 22
The defined benefit plan pr ovision is partially funded as follows:
Benefit asset/l iability included in the statement of financial position
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Pension plans
Lump sums on
r
etirement Total Pension plans
Lump sums on
r
etirement Total
Defined benefit obl igation 22 9 31 21 8 28
Fair value of plan assets (23) - (23) (21) - (21)
Benefit (asset)/l iability (1) 9 9 (0) 8 8
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 233]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 233
The main assumptions used in determining employee benefit obl igations for the Company’s plans are shown below:
Main assumptions used in determining employee benefit obl igations
in % 2025 2024
Discount rate 1.00 - 4.00 1.00 - 3.60
Inflation rate 1.00 - 2.00 1.00 - 2.00
Discount rate of return on plan assets during financial year 1.00 1.50
Future salary increases 1.00 - 3.00 1.00 - 3.00
Future pension/awards increases 0.00 - 2.00 0.00 - 2.00
The overall expected rate of return on assets is determined, based on the market prices prevailing on that date, applicable
to t
he period over which the obligation is to be settled.
REMUNERATION OF THE KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL OF THE COMPANY
The remuneration of the key management personnel of the Company paid during the year, not including the Supervisory
Board, including pension costs and performance-related Short-Term Incentives (STI), amounted to US$18 million (2024:
US$16 million). There are no loans outstanding or guarantees given on behalf of members of the key management.
The performance-related part of the remuneration of the Management Board, comprising Value Creation Stake and STI
components, was 70% (2024: 70%). The Management Board’s remuneration decreased in 2025 versus 2024, mainly explained
by the decrease to two members in the overall year-on-year comparison.
The total remuneration and associated costs of the Management Board and ‘Other key management personnel‘ (members
of the Executive Leadership Team and the Executive Committee other than members of the Management Board) is specified
as follows:
Remuneration key management personnel
in thousands of US$ Base salary STI1
Share-based
compensat
ion2 Other3 Pensions4
Total
r
emuneration
Management Board
Members
2025 1,553 1,895 3,322 305 388 7,463
2024 1,690 1,878 3,934 390 439 8,331
Other key personnel5
2025 3,958 1,163 3,628 1,490 593 10,832
2024 3,086 1,019 2,364 646 579 7,694
Total 2025 5,511 3,058 6,950 1,795 981 18,295
Total 2024 4,776 2,897 6,298 1,036 1,018 16,025
1 For the Management Board this represents the actual STI approved by the Supervisory Board, which has been accrued over the calendar year, payment of
which wil
l be made in the following year.
2 This share-based compensation represents the period expense of share-based payments in accordance with IFRS 2.
3 Consisting of social charges, lease car expenses, and other allowances.
4 This represents company contributions to defined contribution pension plans; in case of absence of a qualifying pension scheme such contribution is paid
gross, withholding wage tax at source borne by the individuals.
5 The definition of 'Other key personnel' is aligned with the Executive Leadership and the Executive Committee excluding the members of the Management
Board, as disclosed on the Company's website.
The table above represents the total remuneration in US dollars, being the reporting currency of the Company. The increase
in r
emuneration of ’Other key personnel’ compared with 2024 is mainly explained by the new structure of the Executive
Committee implemented during the course of 2024.
As at December 31, 2025, there are no unvested shares of current (and former) Management Board members. The total
number of vested shares held by current Management Board members is reported in note 4.3.22 Equity Attributable to
Shareholders.

[page 234]
234 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAM OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD
The Short-T
erm Incentive Program is based upon short-term operational performance, which includes three sets of
performance indicators, as noted below:
• Profitability;
• Growth; and
• Sustainability.
The Supervisory Board may adjust the outcome of the STI down by 10%. Any such adjustment would be reported in the
Remuneration Report. No such reduction has been made for 2025 or 2024.
For 2025 (equal to 2024), the Supervisory Board concluded that the Company’s performance indicators had outcomes
ranging from threshold to maximum. For the year 2025, a total of nine performance indicators were established (2024: nine).
The Company’s performance resulted in a performance of 137% (2024: 126%) of salary for the CEO and 102.8% (2024: 94.5%)
for the CFO.
VALUE CREATION STAKE SHARES OF THE MANAGEMENT BOARD
Under the Remuneration Policy 2022, the members of the Management Board are entitled to a Value Creation Stake, being a
number of shares determined by a four-year average share price (volume-weighted). These shares vest immediately upon the
award date, and must be retained for five years from the vesting date, or, in the event of retirement or termination, two years.
Number of issued shares 2025 2024
Total 171,098 284,264
The reduction in the number of shares granted is mainly explained by the decrease to two members in the overall year-on-
year comparison.
The number of shar
es granted is based upon 175% of the individual’s base salary and determined by the 4-year average
volume-weighed share price (VWAP) over the years 2021 through 2024 (2024: 2020 through 2023), being EUR14.06 (2024:
EUR13.85). The grant date fair value of these shares upon issue was EUR17.19, being the opening share price of January 2,
2025 (2024: EUR12.55).
RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT (RSU) PLANS
The number of shares granted under the RSU plan in 2025 was 893,400 (2024: 847,350), with the three-year employment
period starting on January 1, 2025 (2024: January 1, 2024).
The annual RSU award is based on an assessment of individual potential. The RSU plans themselves have no performance
condition, only a service condition, and will vest at the end of three years’ continuing service. The fair value is determined,
based on the share price at the grant dates, with an adjustment for the present value of the expected dividends during the
vesting period.
2025 2024
RSU grant date fair value per share € 14.63 € 12.44
For RSUs, a vesting probability (based on expectations on, for example, the number of employees not leaving the Company
befor
e the vesting date of their respective RSU plan) of 95% is assumed. The Company periodically reviews this estimate and
aligns to the actual forfeitures.
OWNERSHIP SHARES
Ownership Shares is an annual award in shares to compensate the overall STI target reduction of 3-6% of annualized gross
salary under the Company’s 2019 STI plan awarded to employees based on seniority. The Ownership Shares have no
performance conditions, only a service condition. The Ownership Shares are subject to a three-year holding requirement
after the grant date. This means that a fixed population of onshore employees, based on seniority in the Company, are
eligible to the Ownership Shares equal to 4-8% of annualized gross salary. The Ownership Shares program ceased by
December 2025 and no further shares will be awarded under the program going forward.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 235]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 235
The total number of Ownership Shares that vested during 2025 was 62,443 shares (2024: 92,115). The fair value of the
Ownership Shar
es is measured at the opening share price of January 2, 2025.
2025 2024
Ownership Shares grant date fair value per share € 17.19 € 12.55
MATCHING SHARES
Under t
he STI plans for the key management personnel of the Company, 20% of the STI is or can be paid in shares. Subject
to a vesting period of three years, an identical number of shares (matching shares) will be issued to participants, assuming a
probability of 95%. The Company periodically reviews this estimate and aligns to the actual forfeitures. The grant date fair
value is measured indirectly, based on the grant date price of the equity instrument, with an adjustment for the present value
of the expected dividends during the vesting period.
The assumptions included in the calculation for the matching shares are:
2025 2024
Matching shares grant date fair value per share € 14.96 € 12.72
TOTAL SHARE-BASED PAYMENT COSTS
The amounts r
ecognized in operating profit for all share-based payment transactions have been summarized by taking into
account both the provisional awards for the current year and the additional awards related to prior years. Total share-based
compensation has increased in comparison with 2024.
2025 (in thousands of US$)
Performance shares and
RSU/V
alue Creation Stake
Matching
shar
es Total
Instruments granted 15,920 7,291 23,211
Total expenses 2025 15,920 7,291 23,211
2024 (in thousands of US$)
Performance shares and
RSU/V
alue Creation Stake
Matching
shar
es Total
Instruments granted 14,491 6,776 21,267
Total expenses 2024 14,491 6,776 21,267
Rules of conduct with regards to inside information are in place to ensure compliance with the Act on Financial Supervision.
For example, t
hese rules forbid the exercise of options or other financial instruments during certain periods, more specifically
when an employee is in possession of price-sensitive information.
The movement in the outstanding number of shares which could potentially vest at a point in time under the Company
share-based payment plans is illustrated in the following table.
in number of shares 2025 2024
Outstanding at 1 January 3,507,449 3,336,236
Granted 1,444,243 1,687,801
Vested (1,174,336) (1,258,810)
Cancelled or forfeited (295,783) (257,778)
Total movements (25,876) 171,213
Outstanding at 31 December 3,481,573 3,507,449
REMUNERATION OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
The r
emuneration of the Supervisory Board amounted to EUR595 thousand (2024: EUR580 thousand) and can be specified as
follows:
2025 2024
in thousands of EUR Basic remuneration Committees Total Basic remuneration Committees Total
Total 514 81 595 500 80 580

[page 236]
236 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
There are no share-based incentives granted to the members of the Supervisory Board. Nor are there any loans outstanding
to t
he members of the Supervisory Board or guarantees given on behalf of members of the Supervisory Board. Refer to 2.3.5
2025 Supervisory Board Remuneration for additional information.
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES
Number of employees (by operating segment)
2025 2024
By operating segment: Average Year-end Average Year-end
Lease and Operate 3,553 3,650 3,061 3,455
Turnkey 2,281 2,374 2,112 2,188
Other 772 825 710 718
Total excluding employees working for JVs and
associates 6,605 6,849 5,883 6,361
Employees working for JVs and associates 29 2 294 56
Total 6,634 6,851 6,176 6,417
Number of employees (by geographical area)
2025 2024
By geographical area: Average Year-end Average Year-end
the Netherlands 576 621 513 530
Worldwide 6,030 6,228 5,370 5,831
Total excluding employees working for JVs and
associates
6,605 6,849 5,883 6,361
Employees working for JVs and associates 29 2 294 56
Total 6,634 6,851 6,176 6,417
The figur es exclude fleet personnel hired through crewing agencies as well as other agency and freelance staff for whom
expenses are included within ’Other employee benefits’.
The increase of headcount at year end is primarily due to the strong FPSO construction portfolio, with good progress on
FPSO Jaguar and FPSO GranMorgu, the production ramp-up on FPSO Almirante Tamandaré, FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão
and FPSO ONE GUYANA in 2025, offset by the sale of FPSO Aseng in 2025.
The reduction in the average ’Employees working for JVs and associates’ line is explained by the sale of FPSO Kikeh at the
end of 2024 and the change in consolidation method of FPSOs N’Goma, Saxi Batuque and Mondo as local employees were
transferred from the ’Employees working for JVs and associates’ line to the ’Lease and Operate’ line.
4.3.7 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES
Research and development expenses amounted to US$35 million (2024: US$40 million) and mainly relate to the internal
projects for energy transition development and Digital transformation.
The amortization of development costs recognized in the statement of financial position is allocated to cost of sales when
the developed technology is used through one or several projects. Otherwise, it is allocated to research and development
expenses.
4.3.8 NET IMPAIRMENT GAINS/(LOSSES) ON FINANCIAL AND CONTRACT ASSETS
In the context of the current economic and geopolitical environment, during 2025, the Company anticipated a range of
possible impacts that could arise from the general economic downturn, the pressure on price inflation, the energy market
pressure, increasing interest rates and other governmental actions as a consequence of the geopolitical environment. In
response to these effects, the Company (i) reassessed whether there is a significant increase in credit risk related to its
financial assets as of December 31, 2025, and (ii) updated estimates in terms of ’probability of default’ and ’loss given
default’ in order to determine the expected credit losses.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 237]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 237
Finance Lease Receivables
Ther
e was no payment default on any finance lease contract over the period. In addition, despite the current economic and
geopolitical environment, the Company concluded that the counterparties of the finance lease receivables still have a strong
capacity to meet their contractual cash flow obligations, based on existing contractual arrangements, which include parent
company guarantees. Based on the available forward-looking information related to the oil price, it is also assumed that
none of the assets leased under the Company’s finance lease contracts would become uneconomical to operate for clients.
Therefore, the Company concludes that (i) the credit risk has not increased significantly since the initial recognition of the
finance lease receivable, and (ii) the finance lease receivables still have a low credit-risk as of December 31, 2025. As a result,
the Company recognizes a 12-month expected credit loss.
Contract assets and Trade Receivables
As for the finance leases, there was no payment default (including overdue of more than 90 days) on any significant trade
receivables over the period. The Company performed, as usual, a detailed analysis of the credit risks associated with
significant trade receivables balances as at the reporting date. This did not result in any specific significant increase in credit
risks related to its outstanding contract assets and trade receivables.
Other Financial Assets
Overall, the reassessment of the expected credit losses of other financial assets resulted in a limited impact.
During the year, the following gains/(losses) related to credit risks were recognized:
2025 2024
Impairment losses
- Movement in loss allowance for trade receivables 2 0
- Movement in loss allowance for contract assets (0) 0
- Movement in loss allowance for finance lease r eceivables 0 0
(Impairment)/impairment reversal losses on financial lease r eceivables - 3
- Movement in loss allowance for other assets 14 (2)
(Impairment)/impairment reversal losses on other financial assets (1) (7)
Net impairment gains/(losses) on financial and contract assets 15 (6)
During the year 2025, the Company recognized a US$15 million net impairment gain on financial and contract assets (2024:
loss of US$(6) mil
lion) mainly attributable to the release of the accumulated impairment on the demobilization receivable for
Thunder Hawk as a result of the sale of the asset completed during the period.
4.3.9 NET FINANCING COSTS
2025 2024
Interest income on loans & receivables 0 2
Interest income on cash and short-term investments 41 24
Net foreign exchange gain 34 -
Net cash flow hedges inef fectiveness 5 -
Other financial income 2 1
Financial income 83 26
Interest expenses on financial l iabilities at amortized cost (740) (832)
Interest income / (expenses) on hedging derivatives 105 167
Interest expenses on lease liabilities (5) (5)
Interest addition to provisions (13) (10)
Net cash flow hedges inef fectiveness - (3)
Net foreign exchange loss (0) (8)
Financial expenses (653) (690)
Net financing costs (571) (663)

[page 238]
238 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
The decrease in net financing costs is mainly due to (i) t he full repayment of the project loans for FPSOs Liza Destiny and
Prosperity in 2024 following the purchase of the units by the client, (ii) gains on forward currency contracts, (iii) higher interest
income on cash and short-term investments, (iv) the scheduled amortization of project loans for the fleet under operations,
and (v) lower interest expense on the Company’s RCF. This was partially offset by (vi) the new construction financing for FPSO
Jaguar in 2025, (vii) the sale and leaseback financing agreement for FPSO Cidade de Paraty, (viii) increased financing to fund
the construction of FPSO Almirante Tamandaré, FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão and FPSO ONE GUYANA during the period
and (ix) the amortization of the ONE GUYANA project financing transaction costs up to the expected purchase of the unit in
early 2026.
4.3.10 INCOME TAX EXPENSE
The relationship between the Company’s income tax expense and profit before income tax (referred to as the ’effective tax
rate’) can vary significantly from period to period due to factors such as: (i) changes in the blend of income that is taxed
based on revenues versus profit, (ii) the shift in operations of the Company where the different statutory tax rates are applied
and (iii) the ability to recognize deferred tax assets on tax losses when sufficient future taxable profits are expected.
Some of the taxes are withholding taxes (paid on revenues). The assessment of whether the withholding tax is in scope of
IAS 12 is judgmental; the Company has performed this assessment in the past and some of the withholding taxes that the
Company pays in certain countries qualify as income taxes, as it creates an income tax credit or it is considered as deemed
profit taxation.
Consequently, income tax expense does not change proportionally with profit before income taxes. Significant decreases in
profit before income tax typically lead to a higher effective tax rate, while significant increases in profit before income taxes
can lead to a lower effective tax rate, subject to the other factors impacting income tax expense, noted above. Additionally,
where a deferred tax asset is not recognized on a loss carry forward, the effective tax rate is impacted by the unrecognized
tax loss.
The components of the Company’s income taxes are:
Income tax recognized in the consolidated Income Statement
Note 2025 2024
Corporation tax on pr ofits for the year (166) (157)
Adjustments in respect of prior years 11 9
Movements in uncertain tax positions (42) 5
Total current income tax (197) (143)
Deferred tax 4.3.17 80 71
Total (117) (73)
The Company’s operational activities are subject to taxation at rates which range up to 36% (2024: 35%).
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 239]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 239
The reconciliation of the effective tax rate is as follows:
Reconciliation of total income tax charge
2025 2024
% %
Profit/(Loss) befor e income tax 1,226 283
Share of pr ofit of equity-accounted investees (4) 19
Profit/(Loss) befor e income tax and share of profit of equity-
accounted investees 1,230 265
Income tax using the domestic corporation tax rate (25,8% for the
Net
herlands) 25,8% (317) 25,8% (68)
Tax effects of :
Different statutory taxes related to subsidiaries operating in other
jurisd
ictions (12%) 151 (9%) 24
Withholding taxes and taxes based on deemed pr ofits 8% (93) 30% (79)
Non-deductible expenses 6% (69) 30% (80)
Non-taxable income (2%) 26 (7%) 19
Adjustments related to prior years (1%) 11 (3%) 9
Tax effect originating from current year timing differences, unused tax
losses and tax cr
edits for which no deferred tax is recognized1 (18%) 218 (37%) 98
Movements in uncertain tax positions 3% (42) (2%) 5
Total tax effects (16%) 200 2% (5)
Total of tax charge on the Consolidated Income Statement 10% (117) 27% (73)
1 This line includes reversal(s) and/or addition(s) of deferred tax on outside basis differences.
The effective tax rate over 2025 decreased to 10%, compared with 27% in the year-ago period. The decrease in the effective
tax rate is mainly explained by (i) r
ecognition of a deferred tax asset in relation to the profit recognition of FPSO Almirante
Tamandaré and FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão as a result of the first oil of those units, (ii) the early sale of FPSO ONE GUYANA
completed on February 4, 2026, resulting in the partial release of a deferred tax liability and (iii) lower tax on the Guyanese
projects following the sales of two FPSOs in 2024.
Similar to last year, the effective tax rate was also impacted by unrecognized deferred tax assets concerning Brazil, USA,
Luxembourg, Monaco and the Netherlands.
As of 2025 Bermuda has an effective 15% domestic top-up tax, Luxembourg decreased its statutory tax rate from 24.94%
(2024) to 23.87% (2025), and Portugal from 21% (2024) to 20% (2025). No other jurisdictions applicable to the Company
updated their statutory corporate income tax rates compared with the previous year.
Details of the withholding taxes and other taxes per country are as follows:
Withholding taxes per country
2025 2024
Withholding Tax and Overseas Taxes (per location) Withholding tax Withholding tax
Angola (35) (20)
Brazil (20) (14)
Guyana (37) (43)
Other (1) (1)
Total withholding and overseas taxes (93) (79)
Brazil withholding tax
The Company incurs Brazil
ian withholding tax in relation to its Brazilian fleet time charter revenue. Following completion of
construction of FPSO Almirante Tamandaré and FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão, the Company started incurring Brazilian
withholding tax in 2025 regarding operations of these units.

[page 240]
240 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Guyana withholding tax
The Company’
s construction and lease activities that relate to Guyana are subject to Guyanese withholding tax. The
decrease of withholding tax between 2025 and 2024 is mainly explained by the withholding tax incurred for FPSO Prosperity
and FPSO Liza Destiny which were purchased by the client at the end of 2024, resulting in no withholding tax incurred in
2025. This decrease was only partially offset by the withholding tax incurred for operations of FPSO ONE GUYANA, following
its first oil in August 2025.
Angola withholding tax
The Company incurs Angolan withholding tax in relation to its three units operating in this country under time charter
contracts.
TAX RETURNS AND TAX CONTINGENCIES
The Company files federal and local tax returns in several jurisdictions throughout the world. Tax returns in the major
jurisdictions in which the Company operates are generally subject to examination for periods ranging from three to six years.
Tax authorities in certain jurisdictions are examining tax returns and, in some cases, have issued assessments. The Company
believes there is a sound basis for its tax positions in those jurisdictions. The Company provides for taxes that it considers
probable of being payable as a result of these audits and for which a reasonable estimate may be made. While the Company
cannot predict or provide assurance as to the final outcome of these proceedings, the Company does not expect the
ultimate liability to have a material effect on its consolidated statement of financial position or results of operations.
Each year, management completes a detailed review of uncertain tax positions across the Company and makes provisions
based on the probability of a liability arising. The principal risks that arise for the Company are in respect of permanent
establishment, transfer pricing, taxable basis and other similar international tax issues. In line with other international groups,
the difference in alignment between the Company’s global operating model and the jurisdictional approach of tax
authorities often leads to uncertainty on tax positions.
As a result of the above, in the period, the Company recorded a net tax increase of US$37 million in respect of ongoing tax
audits and in respect of the Company’s review of its uncertain tax positions. This increase is in relation to overall uncertain tax
positions on corporate income tax for an amount of US$42 million, that especially relate to jurisdictions where administrative
practice is rapidly evolving. However, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of the tax exposures could result in tax
charges that are materially higher or lower than the amount provided.
The Company recognized a deferred tax asset in relation to a tax goodwill in Switzerland (refer to note 4.3.17 Deferred Tax
Assets and Liabilities). In determining the taxable profits, the Company updated its assessment and modeling to determine
that an amount of US$1,860 million could possibly be unrecoverable (2024: US$1,995 million), which is driven by the
assessment of profitability and commercial uncertainties (i.e. future awards) impacting future profits. Based on the
uncertainty of recovering this tax asset in future years, in light of applicable enacted Swiss tax regulations, the Company
determined the expected value based on a range of possible outcomes. As a result, the Company as of December 31, 2025,
reassessed the amount of its net deferred tax asset related to the tax goodwill in Switzerland to US$98 million (2024: US$157
million) in accordance with IAS 12 and IFRIC 23.
The Company conducts operations through its various subsidiaries in a number of countries throughout the world. Each
country has its own tax regimes with varying nominal rates, deductions and tax attributes. From time to time, the Company
may identify changes to previously evaluated tax positions, which could result in adjustments to its recorded assets and
liabilities. Although the Company is unable to predict the outcome of these changes, it does not expect the impact, if any,
resulting from these adjustments to have a material effect on its consolidated statement of financial position, results of
operations or cash flows.
IMPACT OF THE GLOBE PILLAR TWO MODEL RULES
In December 2021, the OECD released the GloBE Pillar Two model rules, also referred to as the ‘Global Anti-Base Erosion’ or
‘GloBE’ rules. These rules aim to ensure large multinational enterprises (MNEs) pay a minimum amount of tax on income
arising in each jurisdiction in which they operate through introducing a global minimum corporate income tax rate set at
15%. Under GloBE rules, the Company is liable to pay a top up tax in the jurisdiction for which the GLoBE effective tax rate is
below the 15% minimum rate.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 241]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 241
On December 15, 2022, the EU adopted Directive 2022/2523 setting out harmonized implementation of the Pillar Two model
rules in t
he EU, comprising the income Inclusion Rule (IIR), the Under-Taxed Payments Rule (UTPR), as well as the Qualified
Domestic Minimum Top-Up Tax (QDMTT).
The Company is within the scope of the OECD Pillar Two model rules which came into effect on 1 January 2024. The
Netherlands, the jurisdiction in which the Company is incorporated, transposed the EU directive into its legislation under the
Minimum Tax Act 2024, effective from January 1, 2024.
QDMTTs allow countries to charge top-up tax on local profits. Timing and implementation of QDMTTs by jurisdictions where
the Company has a presence is uneven. The Netherlands, Switzerland, Portugal, Norway, Luxembourg, France, Canada, The
Bahamas, Brazil, Cyprus, Gurnsey, Hong Kong, Isle of Man, Malaysia, Qatar, Singapore and the United Kingdom have all
implemented QDMTTs applicable for financial year 2025. Additionally, Japan has also implemented QDMTTs with an
effective date of April 1, 2026.
The assessment is complex and is based on legislation that is subject to further developments and interpretation. Based on
the current rules and the result for 2025, the Company has estimated that the current tax expense related to the application
of Pillar Two represents an amount of less than US$1 million and would impact the annual effective tax rate by less than 1%.
For 2025, this impact primarily concerns entities within the jurisdiction of Malta. The Company highlights that the disclosed
impact is on the basis of certain assumptions, which eventually might deviate from the actual impact due to differences in
interpretation, divergence in rules between jurisdictions and further guidance to be issued.
As various laws, regulations or guidance are still evolving, there are uncertainties regarding the exact impact of the Pillar Two
legislation at year-end. Nevertheless, the Company does not foresee a material impact on its effective tax rate.
The company applies the IAS12 exception issued by the IASB in May 2023 to recognize and disclose information about
deferred tax assets and liabilities arising from Pillar Two model rules.
4.3.11 EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE
The basic earnings per share for the year amounts to US$5.33 (2024: US$0.84), and the fully diluted earnings per share
amounts to US$5.25 (2024: US$0.83).
Basic earnings/(loss) per share amounts are calculated by dividing net profit/(loss) for the period attributable to shareholders
of the Company by the weighted average number of shares outstanding (shares issued and fully paid excluding treasury
shares) during the period.
Diluted earnings/(loss) per share amounts are calculated by dividing the net profit/(loss) attributable to shareholders of the
Company by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period plus the weighted average number of
shares that would be issued on the conversion of all the potential dilutive shares into ordinary shares.
The following reflects the share data used in the basic and diluted earnings per share computations:
Earnings per share
2025 2024
Earnings attributable to shareholders (in thousands of US$) 922,401 150,061
Number of shares outstanding at January 1 174,562,451 179,019,227
Average number of treasury shares transferred to employee share programs 1,364,045 1,448,155
Average number of shares repurchased / cancelled (2,804,328) (1,817,660)
Weighted average number of shares outstanding 173,122,168 178,649,722
Potential dilutive shares from stock option scheme and other share-based payments 2,545,704 2,364,009
Weighted average number of shares (diluted) 175,667,872 181,013,731
Basic earnings per share in US$ 5.33 0.84
Fully diluted earnings per share in US$ 5.25 0.83

[page 242]
242 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Since January 1, 2026, there have been no other transactions involving ordinary shares or potential ordinary shares between
t
he reporting date and the date of authorization for issue of the financial statements, except for vesting of Management
Board Value Creation Stake and vesting of Matching Shares and RSUs for employees. During the same period, the 2025
share repurchase program continued, of which the details are reported on the Company's website.
4.3.12 DIVIDENDS PAID AND PROPOSED AND SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAM
The Company has revised its dividend policy to include dividend payments on a semi-annual basis. The Company’s
shareholder return policy is to maintain a stable annual cash return to shareholders which grows over time, with flexibility for
the Company to make such cash return in the form of cash dividend, paid semi-annually, and the repurchase of shares.
Determination of the annual cash return is based on the Company’s assessment of its underlying cash flow position. The
Company prioritizes a stable cash distribution to shareholders and funding of growth projects, with the option to apply
surplus capital towards incremental cash returns to shareholders.
As a result, following review of its liquidity position and forecast, the Company intends to pay US$2.57 per share6 through a
US$270 million (EUR227 million equivalent7) share repurchase program and a proposed US$200m in aggregate dividend8
(EUR169 million equivalent or US$1.17 per share6). The Company proposes a US$100m dividend for the year 2025 and a
US$100 million dividend in aggregate for the first half year 20269.
This represents an increase in total cash return of 57% compared with 2025. The objective of the share buyback program
would be to reduce share capital and provide shares for regular management and employee share programs (maximum
US$30 million). Shares repurchased as part of the cash return will be cancelled.
6 Pr o-forma calculation based on the total number of ordinary shares issued and fully paid at December 31, 2025. Actual dividend amount per share depends on
number of shares entitled to dividend.
7 Based on the EUR/US$ forward exchange rate on February 18, 2026.
8 US$200m total dividend is the equivalent of EUR169 million based on the EUR/US$ forward exchange rate on February 18, 2026. Dividends will be paid in Euro.
9 The interim dividend is subject to final resolution and is payable after publication of the HY 2026 results.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 243]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 243
4.3.13 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
The l
ine item ’Property, plant and equipment’ consists of property, plant and equipment owned by the Company and right-
of-use assets:
Property, plant and equipment (summary)
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Property, plant and equipment excluding leases 180 184
Right-of-use assets 98 82
Total 278 266
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT OWNED BY THE COMPANY
The movement of owned pr
operty, plant and equipment during 2025 and 2024 is summarized as follows:
2025
Land and
build
ings
Vessels and
float
ing
equipment
Other fixed
assets
Assets under
construct
ion Total
Cost 59 1,215 84 65 1,423
Accumulated depreciation and impairment (44) (1,140) (55) - (1,238)
Book value at 1 January 15 74 29 65 184
Additions 0 (0) 14 10 23
Disposals - (0) (0) (0) (0)
Depreciation (1) (19) (11) - (31)
(Impairment)/impairment reversal - - - - -
Foreign currency variations1 1 (0) 3 0 4
Other movements (0) 29 2 (32) (1)
Total movements 0 10 7 (22) (4)
Cost 66 690 101 43 899
Accumulated depreciation and impairment (50) (605) (64) - (719)
Book value at 31 December 16 85 37 43 180
1 Foreign currency variations refers to the impact of the foreign currency variations in total cost offset by the impact in accumulated depreciation, with limited
ef
fect in the net book value.
2024
Land and
build
ings
Vessels and
float
ing
equipment
Other fixed
assets
Assets under
construct
ion Total
Cost 67 1,821 82 81 2,051
Accumulated depreciation and impairment (45) (1,637) (62) - (1,744)
Book value at 1 January 22 185 21 81 308
Additions 0 - 14 44 58
Disposals - - (0) (2) (2)
Depreciation (1) (33) (10) - (44)
(Impairment)/impairment reversal - (39) - - (39)
Foreign currency variations (1) 0 (2) (0) (3)
Other movements (4) (39) 7 (57) (94)
Total movements (6) (110) 9 (15) (123)
Cost 59 1,215 84 65 1,423
Accumulated depreciation and impairment (44) (1,140) (55) - (1,238)
Book value at 31 December 15 74 29 65 184

[page 244]
244 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
During 2025, the following main events occurred regarding owned property, plant and equipment:
•
US$23 million in additions mainly related to major overhaul costs related to repair works performed on FPSO Cidade de
Anchieta and IT equipment acquired;
• US$31 million of annual depreciation charges, following the normal depreciation schedule;
• The derecognition of cost and accumulated depreciation related to semi-submersible production facility 
Thunder Hawk
following its sale in December, 2025, with no impact on the net book value as the asset was fully depreciated.
Property, plant and equipment at year-end mainly comprises of one (2024: one) integrated floating production, storage and
offloading system (FPSO Cidade de Anchieta) consisting of a converted tanker, a processing plant and one mooring system.
This FPSO is leased to third parties under an operating lease contract.
Company-owned property, plant and equipment with a carrying amount of US$85 million (December 31, 2024: US$71 million)
has been pledged as security for liabilities, mainly for external financing.
No interest has been capitalized during the financial year as part of the additions to property, plant and equipment
(2024: nil).
RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
As of December 31, 2025, the Company leases buildings and cars. The movement of the right-of-use assets during the year
2025 is summarized as follows:
2025
Buildings Other fixed assets Total
Book value at 1 January 80 2 82
Additions 24 1 25
Disposals (0) (0) (0)
Depreciation (16) (1) (17)
(Impairment)/impairment reversal - - -
Foreign currency variations 8 0 8
Other movements 0 0 0
Total movements 17 (0) 16
Cost 139 5 144
Accumulated depreciation and impairment (43) (3) (46)
Book value at 31 December 96 2 98
2024
Buildings Other fixed assets Total
Book value at 1 January 75 2 77
Additions 32 1 33
Disposals (7) - (7)
Depreciation (15) (1) (16)
(Impairment)/impairment reversal - - -
Foreign currency variations (5) (0) (5)
Other movements (1) (0) (1)
Total movements 4 1 6
Cost 116 5 121
Accumulated depreciation and impairment (36) (3) (39)
Book value at 31 December 80 2 82
During the year 2025, the main movements regarding right-of-use assets relate to US$25 million of capitalization of lease
extensions and new lease office contracts, mainly arising fr
om the new lease agreement for office spaces in India beginning
in September 2025 and new apartment lease agreements in Guyana, partially offset by US$17 million of depreciation
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 245]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 245
charges. Additions to right-of-use assets led to a similar increase in lease liabilities (refer to note 4.3.23 Borrowings and Lease
Liabil
ities).
Office leases
Significant contracts under buildings relate to the lease of offices. The remaining contract periods of the Company’s office
rentals vary between one and fourteen years and most of the contracts include extension options between three and twelve
years. The extension options have been considered in the measurement of lease liabilities when the Company is reasonably
certain to exercise these options. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants.
OPERATING LEASES AS A LESSOR
The category ’Vessels and floating equipment’ mainly relates to facilities leased to third parties under operating lease
agreements which terminate in 2031. Leased facilities included in ’Vessels and floating equipment’ amount to:
Leased facilities included in vessels and float ing equipment
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Cost 690 1,215
Accumulated depreciation and impairment (605) (1,140)
Book value at 31 December 85 74
As of December 31, 2025, ’Leased facilities’ consists of FPSO Cidade de Anchieta. The book value of the leased facilities
included in vessels and floating equipment has increased by US$11 million, mainly due to capitalized major overhaul costs
related to repair works performed on this vessel partially offset by depreciation for the period.
On December, 2025, the Company completed the sale of semi-submersible production facility 
Thunder Hawk following the
client exercising a purchase option with reference to the vessel's operating lease term date. At the date of the sale, the asset
was fully depreciated.
The nominal values of the future expected bareboat receipts (undiscounted lease payments) in respect of the remaining
operating lease contracts are:
Nominal values of the future expected bareboat receipts
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Within 1 year 94 101
2 years 94 93
3 years 94 93
4 years 94 93
5 years 94 93
After 5 years 63 156
Total 533 629
Extension options have not been included in the above table.

[page 246]
246 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
4.3.14 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
2025
Development
costs Software
Intangible assets
under construct
ion Patents Total
Cost 48 33 155 19 256
Accumulated amortization and impairment (39) (22) - (19) (80)
Book value at 1 January 10 11 155 0 176
Additions 4 1 30 - 35
Disposals - (0) - - (0)
Amortization (5) (13) - - (18)
Foreign currency variations - (0) 0 - 0
Other movements - 148 (148) - (0)
Total movements (1) 136 (118) - 17
Cost 52 182 38 19 291
Accumulated amortization and impairment (44) (34) - (19) (97)
Book value at 31 December 8 148 38 0 194
2024
Development
costs Software
Intangible assets
under construct
ion Patents Total
Cost 44 29 132 19 224
Accumulated amortization and impairment (33) (18) - (19) (71)
Book value at 1 January 11 11 132 0 153
Additions 4 4 28 - 37
Disposals - (1) (4) - (5)
Amortization (5) (4) - - (9)
Foreign currency variations - (0) (0) - (0)
Other movements - - (0) - (0)
Total movements (1) (0) 24 - 23
Cost 48 33 155 19 256
Accumulated amortization and impairment (39) (22) - (19) (80)
Book value at 31 December 10 11 155 0 176
’Other movements’ in 2025 mainly relate to the r eclassification of costs capitalized during the design and implementation of
the new global ERP system from ’Intangible assets under construction’ to 'Software' following its first phase successful
deployment and the start of amortization mid-2025.
Additions in ’Intangible assets under construction’ mainly arise from costs capitalized during additional development
activities related to the global ERP system, not in the scope of the 2025 deployment, as well as the capitalization of software
licenses and other capital expenditures related to the IT infrastructure upgrade project.
Amortization of development costs is included in ’Research and development expenses’ in the income statement in 2025 for
US$5 million (2024: US$5 million).
Amortization of software is included in ’General and administrative expenses’ in the income statement in 2025 for US$13
million (2024: US$4 million). The increase is mainly explained by the start of amortization of the Company's new global ERP
system following its first phase successful deployment mid-2025.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 247]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 247
4.3.15 FINANCE LEASE RECEIVABLES
The r
econciliation between the total gross investment in the lease and the net investment in the lease at the statement of
financial position date is as follows:
Finance lease receivables (reconciliation gross/net investment)
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Gross receivable 22,154 10,913
Less: unearned finance income (9,030) (4,255)
Total 13,124 6,658
Of which
Current portion 2,936 516
Non-current portion 10,188 6,142
As of December 31, 2025, finance lease r eceivables relate to the finance lease of:
• FPSO ONE GUYANA, which started production in August 2025, for an initial charter period of 2 years, and which was
purchased by the client in February 2026;
• FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão, which started production in May 2025, for a charter of 22.5 years;
• FPSO Almirante Tamandaré, which started production in February 2025, for a charter of 26.25 years;
• FPSO Sepetiba, which started production in January 2024, for a charter of 22.5 years;
• FPSO Cidade de Saquarema, which started production in July 2016, for a charter of 20 years;
• FPSO Cidade de Marica, which started production in February 2016, for a charter of 20 years;
• FPSO Cidade de Ilhabela, which started production in November 2014, for a charter of 20 years;
• N’Goma FPSO, which started production in November 2014, for a charter of 12 years;
• FPSO Cidade de Paraty, which started production in June 2013, for a charter of 20 years;
• FPSO Espirito Santo, which started production in January 2009, for an initial charter of 15 years until December 2023, and
which was extended in December 2020 until December 2028;
• FPSO Saxi Batuque, which started production in July 2008, for an initial charter of 15 years until June 2023, and which was
extended in December 2025 until June 2032; and
• FPSO Mondo, which started production in January 2008, for an initial charter of 14 years until December 2022, and which
was extended in December 2025 until December 2032.
The increase in finance lease receivables is driven by (i) FPSO Almirante Tamandaré, which started production in February
2025, (ii) FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão, which started production in May 2025, and (iii) FPSO ONE GUYANA, which started
production in August 2025, partially offset by (iv) redemptions as per the payment schedules and (v) the derecognition of
FPSO Aseng finance lease receivable following the Share Purchase Agreement for the full divestment of the Company’s
equity interest in the lease and operating entities of the FPSO Aseng to GEPetrol (refer to note 4.3.30 Information on Non-
controlling Interests).
In relation to FPSO ONE GUYANA, in November 2025, the Company announced that the client was contemplating the
exercise of its contractual purchase option to acquire the vessel in early 2026, ahead of the end of the maximum lease term
in August 2027. The early sale was completed in February 2026. The expected exercise of the purchase option led to the
remeasurement of the finance lease receivable at year-end with a very limited impact in the carrying amount and in the
consolidated income statement in 2025 and with presentation of the remeasured carrying amount in full as a current asset.
In relation to FPSOs Mondo and Saxi Batuque, in December 2025, the Company announced it had signed a contract
extension with the client related to the lease and operation of the vessels. The extension secures ownership and operations
by the Company until 2032. As a result of the revised terms, the lease contracts remain classified as finance leases with the
extensions having a very limited impact in their carrying amount and the consolidated income statement in 2025.
Unguaranteed residual values
Included in the gross receivable is an amount related to unguaranteed residual values (i.e. scrap value of units). The total
amount of unguaranteed residual values at the end of the lease term amounts to US$128 million as of December 31, 2025
(2024: US$83 million). This increase is mainly due to (i) the addition of FPSOs 
Almirante Tamandaré and Alexandre de

[page 248]
248 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Gusmão partially offset by (ii) the sale of FPSO Aseng and (iii) the lease extensions for FPSOs Mondo and Saxi Batuque. The
2025 reassessment of unguaranteed residual values resulted in no impact despite the slight increase in the scrap value of
units, as previous impairment allowances arising from changes in scrap value were already released in 2024.
As per the contractual terms, gross receivables should be invoiced to the lessee within the following periods:
Finance lease receivables (gross receivables invoiced to the lessee within the following periods)
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Less than 1 year 3,782 1,042
Between 1 and 2 years 1,276 1,035
Between 2 and 5 years 3,735 2,486
More than 5 years 13,361 6,350
Total Gross receivable 22,154 10,913
The increase of the gross finance lease r eceivable is mainly explained by (i) FPSO Almirante Tamandaré, which started
production in February, (ii) FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão, which started production in May, and (iii) FPSO ONE GUYANA,
which started production in August, partially offset by (iv) redemptions as per the payment schedules and (v) the
derecognition of the FPSO Aseng finance lease receivable following the Share Purchase Agreement for the full divestment of
the Company’s equity interest in the FPSO Aseng lease and operating entities to GEPetrol.
The following part of the net investment in the lease is included as part of the current assets within the statement of financial
position:
Finance lease receivables (part of the net investment included as part of the current assets)
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Gross receivable 3,782 1,042
Less: unearned finance income (846) (527)
Current portion of finance lease r eceivable 2,936 516
The increase in the current portion of the finance lease r eceivable reflects the early sale of FPSO ONE GUYANA completed
on February 4, 2026, ahead of the end of the maximum lease term in August 2027, which resulted in the reclassification of the
associated finance lease in full as current at the end of 2025.
The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amount of the finance lease receivables, taking
into account the risk of recoverability. The Company performed an assessment, which concluded that the credit risk for these
receivables has not increased significantly since the initial recognition. The Company does not hold any financial collateral as
security.
Outstanding purchase and termination options
The finance lease contract of 
N’Goma FPSO, where the Company is the lessor, includes call options for the client to purchase
the underlying asset or to terminate the contract earlier.
If the client had exercised the purchase option for N'Goma FPSO as of December 31, 2025, this would have resulted in a
gain for the Company. The exercise of the early termination option, under which the Company would retain the vessel, would
have resulted in a gain for the Company.
Following the extension of the finance lease contracts of FPSOs Mondo and Saxi Batuque in December 2025, the two vessels
also include call options for the client to purchase the underlying asset or to terminate the contract earlier. No such options
were yet applicable in December 2025.
The finance lease contract of 
FPSO Espirito Santo includes an option for the client to terminate the contract earlier without
obtaining the underlying asset. The exercise of the early termination option would have resulted in a loss for the Company as
of December 31, 2025.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 249]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 249
The finance lease contract of FPSO ONE GUYANA contains options for the client to purchase the underlying asset or
terminate the contract early. As detailed above, in 2025 the finance lease receivable was remeasured based on the expected
exercise of the purchase option by the client, with very limited impact in the consolidated income statement. The sale was
completed in February 2026.
The finance lease contract of FSO Chalchi (under construction as per December 31, 2025) contains options for the client to
purchase the underlying asset or terminate the contract early. These options are exercisable at any time starting from the
delivery date of the vessel.
4.3.16 OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
The breakdown of the non-current portion of other financial assets is as follows:
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Non-current portion of other receivables 110 130
Non-current portion of loans to joint ventures and associates 0 6
Total 110 136
The decrease in the non-current portion of other receivables relates to the consumption of accrued income recognized in
prior years arising fr
om the linearization of revenue for FPSO Cidade de Anchieta and the derecognition of the fee
receivable for the demobilization of semi-submersible production facility Thunder Hawk following the sale of the vessel in
December 2025.
The current portion of (i) other receivables and (ii) loans to joint ventures and associates, is included within ‘Trade and other
receivables’ in the statement of financial position.
In relation to the exposure to credit risk at the reporting date on the carrying amount of the interest-bearing loans, non-
current portion of other receivables and sublease receivables, please refer to note 4.3.8 Net Impairment Gains/(Losses) on
Financial and Contract Assets and note 4.3.27 Financial Instruments − Fair Values and Risk Management for the risk of
recoverability (i.e. for expected credit losses).
The breakdown of loans to joint ventures and associates is presented below.
LOANS TO JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
Notes 31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Current portion of loans to joint ventures and associates 4.3.19 6 0
Non-current portion of loans to joint ventures and associates 0 6
Total 4.3.31 6 6
The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amount of the loans to joint ventures and
associates, taking into account t
he risk of recoverability. The Company does not hold any collateral as security.
The US$6 million loan with one of the Company’s joint ventures and associates is presented as current as it is contractually
expected to be paid in 2026.

[page 250]
250 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
4.3.17 DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
The deferr
ed tax assets and liabilities and associated net positions are summarized as follows:
Deferred tax positions (summary)
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Assets Liabilities Net Assets Liabilities Net
Property, plant and equipment 10 6 4 - - -
Tax losses 7 - 7 28 - 28
Other 284 103 181 283 178 105
Book value at 31 December 301 109 192 311 178 133
Deferred tax assets decreased by US$10 million during the current year, mainly due to the reversal of 2024 deferred tax asset
posit
ion following change in other comprehensive income result related to forward currency contracts. Deferred tax liabilities
decreased by US$69 million mainly due to the early sale of FPSO ONE GUYANA completed on February 4, 2026, ahead of
the end of the maximum lease term in August 2027, which resulted in a release of the deferred tax liability recognized during
the construction phase of the project. Balance of deferred taxes ‘Other’ includes mainly deferred tax related to hedging,
timing of margin recognition and tax goodwill in Switzerland.
Movements in net deferred tax positions
2025 2024
Note Net Net
Deferred tax at 1 January 133 74
Deferred tax recognized in the income statement 4.3.10 80 71
Deferred tax recognized in other comprehensive income (21) (14)
Foreign currency variations 0 2
Total movements 59 59
Deferred tax at 31 December 192 133
Expected realization and settlement of deferred tax positions is within 20 years. The recognized deferred tax losses are
expected to be r
ecovered, based on the anticipated profit in the applicable jurisdiction, as included in the Company’s
budgets approved by the Management Board, including planned commercial initiatives. The Company has recognized
during the period the effect of prior years unrecognized deferred tax asset in the current income tax charge of US$173
million (2024: US$98 million) (refer to 4.3.10 Income Tax Expense). The term in which these unrecognized deferred tax assets
could be settled depends on the respective tax jurisdiction and ranges from five years to an unlimited period of time.
On a cumulative basis, a total amount of US$2,081 million at the end of 2025 (end of 2024: US$2,221 million) corresponds to
unrecognized deferred tax assets related to temporary differences, unused tax losses and tax credits.
Unused tax losses carried forward, temporary differences and tax credits
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Unused tax losses carried forward, temporary differences and tax credits not
r
ecognized as a deferred tax asset 2,081 2,221
Unused tax losses carried forward, temporary differences and tax credits recognized as
a deferr
ed tax asset 301 311
Total 2,382 2,531
‘Unused tax losses carried forward, temporary differences and tax credit not recognized as a deferred tax asset’ decreased
compared to the previous year, due to recognition of some of deferred tax assets following the assessment of recoverability
of these assets at year-end 2025 and consumption of the tax credits during 2025. A significant portion of this balance relates
to the deferred tax asset in relation to a tax goodwill in Switzerland. In determining the taxable profits, the Company
updated its assessment and modeling to determine that an amount of US$1,860 million could possibly be unrecoverable,
which is concluded based on the assessment of profitability and commercial uncertainties (i.e. future awards) impacting
future profits. Based on the uncertainty of recovering this tax asset in future years in light of applicable enacted Swiss tax
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 251]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 251
regulations, the Company determined the expected value based on a range of possible outcomes. As a result, the Company
as of December 31, 2025, had a value of t
he deferred tax asset in relation to the tax goodwill in Switzerland of US$98 million,
which has been assessed in accordance with IAS 12 and IFRIC 23 requirements. 
Expiry date on deferred tax assets unrecognized on temporary differences, unused tax losses and tax credits:
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Within one year 13 20
More than a year but less than 5 years 10 18
More than 5 years but less than 10 years 35 39
More than 10 years but less than 20 years 1,867 1,993
Unlimited period of time 156 152
Total 2,081 2,221
No deferred tax liability has been recognized in respect of undistributed earnings of subsidiaries, joint ventures and
associates, wit
h an impact of US$10 million (2024: US$7 million). This is because the Company is able to control the timing of
the reversal of the temporary differences, and it is probable that such differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets per location are as follows:
Deferred tax positions per location
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Assets Liabilities Net Assets Liabilities Net
Switzerland 261 68 193 282 82 200
Monaco 13 10 4 10 9 2
Guyana 6 5 1 4 57 (53)
the Netherlands 7 8 (1) 6 5 1
Angola - 10 (10) 0 20 (20)
Other 13 8 5 8 5 3
Book value at 31 December 301 109 192 311 178 133
Following the early sale of FPSO ONE GUYANA completed on February 4, 2026, the Company derecognized a major part of
deferred tax liabilities during the year of 2025 that would have been otherwise amortized over the lease contract period
related to this unit.
4.3.18 INVENTORIES
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Materials and consumables 7 10
Multi-purpose floaters under construct ion and related equipment 324 27
Total 332 37
Multi-purpose floaters (’MPFs’) under construct ion and related equipment mainly relate to the ongoing EPC phase of any
Fast4Ward® new build hulls. Fast4Ward® hulls and related equipment remain in inventory until they are allocated to a specific
FPSO contract.
The increase of the inventory balance at year-end 2025 mainly relates to multi-purpose hulls for use on future FPSO projects.
As of December 31, 2025, the Company has two MPFs under construction (December 31, 2024: two MPFs under
construction).

[page 252]
252 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
4.3.19 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
Trade and other receivables (summary)
Note 31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Trade debtors 385 309
Other accrued income 471 464
Prepayments 239 311
Accrued income in respect of delivered orders 25 5
Other receivables 65 245
Taxes and social security 123 103
Current portion of loans to joint ventures and associates 4.3.16 6 (0)
Total 1,314 1,438
The increase in ’Trade debtors’ of US$75 million is mainly due to the completion of construction of FPSO ONE GUYANA and
the progress on construction of FPSO Jaguar.
The increase in ’Other accrued income’ is mainly due to (i) FPSOs Almirante Tamandaré, Alexandre de Gusmão and ONE
GUYANA joining the fleet during the period and (ii) the growth support to the fleet through brownfield projects.
The decrease in prepayments of US$(72) million is mainly related to the consumption of prepayments for Sale and Operate
FPSOs under construction, partially offset by the increase of advance payments to the yard for multi-purpose floaters under
construction that have not yet been allocated to a project.
The decrease in ’Other receivables’ mainly relates to the payment of the final settlement agreement with the Company‘s
insurers relating to the repair of tanks in FPSO Cidade de Anchieta10 and the consideration received from AOSL in the
amount of US$43 million for 20% of the Company’s shareholding in the lease and operating entities related to N’Goma FPSO
following the share purchase agreement signed in 2024.
The carrying amounts of the Company’s trade debtors are distributed in the following countries:
Trade debtors (countries where the Company’s trade debtors are distributed)
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Guyana / Suriname 240 167
Angola 96 82
Brazil 22 13
Equatorial Guinea 16 21
Canada 8 9
Mexico - 9
Other 2 8
Total 385 309
The trade debtors‘ balance is the nominal value less an allowance for estimated impairment losses as follows:
Trade debtors (trade debtors balance)
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Nominal amount 385 313
Impairment allowance (1) (4)
Total 385 309
The allowance for impairment represents the Company’s estimate of losses in respect of trade debtors. The allowance
r
elated to credit risk for significant trade debtors is built on specific expected loss components that relate to individual
10 This set tlement is included in the consolidated cash flow statement under “Other investing activities”.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 253]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 253
exposures. Furthermore, the Company uses historical credit loss experience as well as forward-looking information to
determine a 1% expected cr
edit loss rate on individually insignificant trade receivable balances. The creation and release for
impaired trade debtors due to credit risk are reported in the line ’Net impairment losses on financial and contract assets’ of
the consolidated income statement. Amounts charged to the allowance account are generally written off when there is no
expectation of recovery.
The ageing of the nominal amounts of the trade debtors is as follows:
Trade debtors (aging of the nominal amounts of the trade debtors)
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Nominal Impairment Nominal Impairment
Not past due 210 - 170 (2)
Past due 0-30 days 154 - 16 (0)
Past due 31-120 days 4 - 107 (0)
Past due 121- 365 days 14 - 8 (0)
More than one year 3 (1) 13 (1)
Total 385 (1) 313 (4)
Not past due are those receivables for which either the contractual or ’normal’ payment date has not yet elapsed. Past due
ar
e those amounts for which either the contractual or the ’normal’ payment date has passed. Amounts that are past due but
not impaired relate to a number of Company joint ventures and independent customers for whom there is no recent history
of default, or the receivable amount can be offset by amounts included in current liabilities.
For the closing balance and movements during the year of allowances on trade receivables, please refer to note 4.3.27
Financial Instruments − Fair Values and Risk Management.
4.3.20 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
Further information about the financial risk management objectives and policies, the fair value measurement and hedge
accounting of financial derivative instruments is included in note 4.3.27 Financial Instruments − Fair Values and Risk
Management.
In the ordinary course of business and in accordance with its hedging policies as of December 31, 2025, the Company held
multiple currency forward exchange contracts designated as hedges of expected future transactions for which the Company
has firm commitments or forecasts. Furthermore, the Company held several interest rate swap contracts and interest option
contracts designated as hedges of interest rate financing exposure. The most important floating rate is the US$ 3-month
SOFR.
Details of interest percentages of the long-term debt are included in note 4.3.23 Borrowings and Lease Liabilities. Lastly, the
Company held commodity contracts in order to hedge against the fluctuation of operating cash flows and future earnings
resulting from movement in commodity prices.

[page 254]
254 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
The fair value of the derivative financial instruments included in t he statement of financial position is summarized as follows:
Derivative financial instruments
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Assets Liabilities Net Assets Liabilities Net
Interest rate swaps cash flow hedge 216 3 213 373 4 369
Interest rate options cash flow hedge 8 - 8 7 - 7
Forward currency contracts cash flow hedge 109 7 102 0 179 (179)
Forward currency contracts fair value
t
hrough profit and loss 36 13 23 49 82 (33)
Commodity contracts cash flow hedge - 1 (1) 0 1 (1)
Total 368 24 344 429 266 163
Non-current portion 205 4 202 305 64 241
Current portion 162 20 142 124 201 (78)
The increase in the net balance of derivative assets and liabilities of US$181 million is mostly related to (i) the increase in
marked-to-market value of forwar
d currency contracts, driven by the depreciation of the US$ exchange rate versus the
hedged currencies (especially EUR and BRL), partially offset by (ii) the negative impact of the marked-to-market value of
interest rate swaps due to decreasing US$ market interest rates.
The ineffective portion of fair value changes arising from cash flow hedges of US$1 million was recognized in the income
statement in 2025 (2024: no ineffectiveness). The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the fair value of
the derivative assets in the statement of financial position.
4.3.21 NET CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Cash and bank balances 522 100
Short-term investments 564 706
Cash and cash equivalent 1,086 806
Net cash and cash equivalent 1,086 806
The increase of the cash and bank balances mainly relates to:
•
Net operating cash flows from the fleet under operations and from Turnkey activities;
• Company strategy on drawdowns on the RCF and construction financing;
• The payment of the final settlement agreement with the Company‘s insurers relating to the repair of tanks in 
FPSO
Cidade de Anchieta; and
• Full drawdown of the sale and leaseback financing agreement for FPSO Cidade de Paraty.
Which together with some of the Company’s existing cash were partially used to:
• Return funds to the shareholders and non-controlling interests through dividends and share repurchase programs;
• Fully repay US private placement notes in relation to 
FPSO Cidade de Anchieta; and
• Serve the Company’s non-recourse debt and interest in accordance with the respective repayment schedules.
The cash and cash equivalents dedicated to debt and interest payments (and therefore restricted) amounted to US$341
million as per December 31, 2025 (2024: US$201 million). Short-term investment deposits are made for varying periods of up
to one year, usually less than three months, depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Company, and earn
interest at the respective short-term deposit rates.
The cash and cash equivalents held in countries with restrictions on currency outflow (Angola, Brazil, China and Nigeria)
amounted to US$23 million (December 31, 2024: US$56 million, which also included Equatorial Guinea). These restrictions do
not limit the liquidity of the cash balances.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 255]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 255
Further disclosure about the fair value measurement is included in note 4.3.27 Financial Instruments − Fair Values and Risk
Management.
4.3.22
EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS
For a consolidated overview of changes in equity reference is made to 4.2.4 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity.
ISSUED SHARE CAPITAL
Following the approval by the General Meeting, the Articles of Association of the Company were amended on April 10,
2025, reducing the authorized share capital of the Company from two hundred million euro (EUR200,000,000) to one hundred
fifty million euro (EUR150,000,000). This share capital is divided into three hundred million (300,000,000; previously:
400,000,000) ordinary shares with a nominal value of twenty-five eurocents (EUR0.25) each and three hundred million
(300,000,000; previously: 400,000,000) protective preference shares, with a nominal value of twenty-five eurocents (EUR0.25)
each. The protective preference shares can be issued as a protective measure as described in note 2.1.8 Stichting
Continuïteit SBM Offshore.
The total number of ordinary shares issued and fully paid at December 31, 2025 was 171,361,365 (December 31, 2024:
176,361,365). No protective preference shares have been issued.
During the financial year the movements in the number of ordinary shares issued and fully paid are as follows:
number of shares 2025 2024
Ordinary shares issued and fully paid at 1 January 176,361,365 180,671,305
Treasury shares cancelled (5,000,000) (4,309,940)
Ordinary shares issued and fully paid 31 December 171,361,365 176,361,365
TREASURY SHARES
A total number of 2,707,31811 tr
easury shares are reported in the ordinary shares issued and fully paid as at December 31,
2025 (December 31, 2024: 1,798,914) and are held partially for employee share programs. During 2025, a total of 1,461,821
shares (2024: 1,564,747) were transferred to management and employee share programs.
The Company completed its EUR130 million share repurchase program initiated in 2024. In the period between March 1,
2024, and April 23, 2025, a total number of shares of 7,978,332 were repurchased, at an average price of EUR16.29 per share,
representing a total of EUR130 million. The objective of the program is to reduce share capital and, in addition, to provide
shares for regular management and employee share programs. The repurchase program was accomplished under the
authorization granted by the Annual General Meeting of the Company on April 13, 2023, and the authorization of April 12,
2024. Repurchased shares not allocated to regular management and employee share programs are cancelled.
As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s cumulative repurchase in relation to the share repurchase program effective from
April 24, 2025, for a total amount of EUR141 million (equivalent to US$150 million12 ) amounted to EUR117 million (equivalent
to US$125 million12). The repurchase program is expected to be completed by February 26, 2026, and it is accomplished
under the authorization granted by the Annual General Meeting of the Company on April 9, 2025. The objective of the
program is to reduce share capital and, in addition, to provide shares for regular management and employee share
programs (maximum US$25 million). Repurchased shares not allocated to regular management end employee share
programs will be cancelled.
In line with the progress of the share repurchase program, the Company cancelled 5,000,000 ordinary shares on November 3,
2025, representing 2.8% of the Company’s issued share capital. The total and final number of shares to be cancelled will be
determined upon completion of the share repurchase program.
11 In accor dance with the Dutch Act on Conversion of bearer shares, all bearer shares at December 31, 2020 were converted into registered shares (31,840) held
by the Company as per January 1, 2021 and accordingly the aforementioned shares are currently reported as part of the Treasury shares. A shareholder who
handed in a bearer share certificate to the Company before January 2, 2026 would have been entitled to receive from the Company a replacement registered
share. No bearer share certificates were handed in, meaning that all previously bearer shares are now registered shares held in the name of the Company.
12 Based on the EUR/US$ exchange rate on February 20, 2025.

[page 256]
256 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
ORDINARY SHARES
In terms of or
dinary shares, 685,118 shares were held by members of Management Board, in office as at December 31, 2025
(December 31, 2024: 576,428) as detailed below:
Ordinary shares held in the Company by the Management Board
Shares subject to
cond
itional holding
requirement Other shares
Total shares at
31 December 2025
Total shares at
31 December 2024
Øivind Tangen 204,784 97,739 302,523 235,254
Douglas Wood 188,491 194,104 382,595 341,174
Total 393,275 291,843 685,118 576,428
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 257]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 257
OTHER RESERVES
The ot
her reserves comprise the hedging reserve, actuarial gains/losses, the foreign currency translation reserve and IFRS 2
reserves. The movement and breakdown of the other reserves can be stated as follows (all amounts are expressed net of
deferred taxes):
Hedging
r
eserve
Forward
currency
contracts
Hedging
r
eserve
Interest rate
swaps
Actuarial
gain/(loss) on
defined
benefit
pr
ovisions
Foreign
curr
ency
translation
reserve
IFRS 2
Reserves
Protective
shar
e reserve
Total other
r
eserves
Balance at 1 January 2024 44 224 11 (105) 25 26 224
Cash flow hedges
Change in fair value (249) 56 - - - - (193)
Deferred tax on cash flow hedges 25 (3) - - - - 22
Transfer to financial income and
expenses 3 3 - - - - 5
Transfer to construction contracts
and pr
operty, plant and equipment 10 - - - - - 10
Transfer to operating pr ofit and loss 19 (16) - 35 - - 38
IFRS 2 share-based payments
IFRS 2 vesting costs for the year - - - - 21 - 21
IFRS 2 vested share-based payments - - - - (19) - (19)
Actuarial gain/(loss) on defined
benefit pr
ovision
Change in defined benefit pr ovision
due to changes in actuarial
assumptions - - 0 - - - 0
Foreign currency variations
Foreign currency variations - - - 1 (2) - (1)
Mergers and acquisitions - 1 - (0) - - 0
Other movements
Reclassification - -
Balance at 31 December 2024 (149) 264 11 (70) 25 26 108
Cash flow hedges
Change in fair value 327 (91) - - - - 236
Deferred tax on cash flow hedges (45) 15 - - - - (30)
Transfer to financial income and
expenses 1 (12) - - - - (11)
Transfer to construction contracts
and pr
operty, plant and equipment (4) - - - - - (4)
Transfer to operating pr ofit and loss (18) - - (1) - - (19)
IFRS 2 share-based payments
IFRS 2 vesting costs for the year - - - - 23 - 23
IFRS 2 vested share-based payments 0 (0) - - (20) - (20)
Actuarial gain/(loss) on defined
benefit pr
ovision
Change in defined benefit pr ovision
due to changes in actuarial
assumptions - - 1 - - - 1
Foreign currency variations
Foreign currency variations - - (0) (3) 3 0 0
Mergers and acquisitions - 0 0 2 - - 2
Other movements
Reclassification - -
Balance at 31 December 2025 111 176 12 (72) 32 26 286

[page 258]
258 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
The hedging reserve consists of the effective portion of cash-flow hedging instruments r elated to hedged transactions that
have not yet occurred, net of deferred taxes. The decreased fair value of interest rate swaps mainly arises from decreasing
US$ market interest rates whereas the increased fair value of forward currency contracts is mainly driven by the depreciation
of the US$ exchange rate versus the hedged currencies (especially EUR and BRL).
Actuarial gain/(loss) on defined benefits provisions includes the impact of the remeasurement of defined benefit provisions.
The foreign currency translation reserve is used to record exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial
statements of foreign subsidiaries.
The Management Board, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, has granted a call option to Stichting Continuïteit
SBM Offshore to acquire a number of preference shares. As of October 1, 2022, and with reference to articles 5.5 and 5.6 of
the Articles of Association of the Company, a ’Protective Preference Shares’ reserve amounting to US$26 million was created
at the expense of the share premium reserve at the level of the Company. If and when Stichting Continuiteït SBM Offshore
would exercise the call option to acquire preference shares, these preference shares may also be paid-up from the reserve of
the Company. In addition to the legal reserves, distributions to the Company’s shareholders are restricted to the amount of
the statutory reserves.
The Company’s total equity as at December 31, 2025 is US$4,406 million, out of which US$1,750 million relates to legal
reserves and US$26 million relates to the statutory reserves (December 31, 2024: Total equity of US$3,619 million out of which
US$1,921 million relates to legal reserves and US$26 million to the statutory reserves). For more information, reference is
made to note 4.5.4 Shareholders’ Equity.
4.3.23 BORROWINGS AND LEASE LIABILITIES
The line item ’Borrowings and lease liabilities’ in the consolidated statement of financial position is further detailed as
follows: 
Borrowings and lease liabilities (summary)
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Borrowings 6,488 7,632
Lease liabilities 98 82
Total Non-current portion of Borrowings and lease liabilities 6,587 7,714
Borrowings 2,551 1,218
Lease liabilities 17 11
Total Current portion of Borrowings and lease liabilities 2,568 1,229
 
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 259]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 259
BORROWINGS
The movement in inter
est bearing borrowings is as follows:
2025 2024
Non-current portion 7,632 8,112
Add: current portion 1,218 1,093
Remaining principal at 1 January 8,850 9,206
Additions 1,762 2,438
Redemptions (1,610) (2,988)
Transaction and amortized costs 74 38
Other movements (36) 155
Total movements 189 (356)
Remaining principal at 31 December 9,039 8,850
Less: Current portion (2,551) (1,218)
Non-current portion 6,488 7,632
Transaction and amortized costs 360 434
Remaining principal at 31 December (excluding transaction and
amort
ized costs) 9,399 9,284
Less: Current portion (2,609) (1,277)
Non-current portion 6,790 8,007
The additions in borrowings of US$1,762 million mainly relate to (i) drawdowns on project finance facil ities for FPSO ONE
GUYANA and FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão, (ii) drawdown on construction financing for FPSO Jaguar, (iii) full drawdown of
the sale and leaseback financing agreement for FPSO Cidade de Paraty and (iv) drawdowns on the new RCF agreement and
on the Company’s SCF.
As announced on April 9, 2025, the Company has signed a non-recourse sale and leaseback financing agreement for FPSO
Cidade de Paraty for the total amount of US$400 million and with a tenor of 8 years. The facility has been fully drawn as of
April 24, 2025.
The redemptions are mostly related to (i) the non-recourse debt repayment schedules, (ii) the full repayment of the MPF
facility, (iii) the repayment of the existing RCF agreement, (iv) the full repayment of the US private placement notes in relation
to 
FPSO Cidade de Anchieta and (v) repayments on the Company’s SCF.
On June 17, 2025, the Company repaid in full the US private placement notes in relation to FPSO Cidade de Anchieta for a
total amount of US$101 million. The repayment was done in anticipation as the initial maturity date was on September 15,
2027.
For further disclosures about fair value measurement, the Company refers to note 4.3.27 Financial Instruments − Fair Values
and Risk Management.
The Company has no ’off-balance sheet’ financing through special purpose entities. All long-term debt is included in the
consolidated statement of financial position.
The borrowings, excluding the amount of transactions and amortized costs, have the following forecast repayment schedule:
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Within one year 2,609 1,277
Between 1 and 2 years 1,664 754
Between 2 and 5 years 1,695 3,744
More than 5 years 3,431 3,509
Balance at 31 December 9,399 9,284

[page 260]
260 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
The increase in the current portion of the borrowings r eflects the early sale of FPSO ONE GUYANA completed on February
4, 2026, ahead of the end of the maximum lease term in August 2027, which triggered the full repayment of the associated
loan at the date of sale.
The borrowings by entity are as follows:
Loans and borrowings per entity
Net book value at
31 December 2025
Net book value at
31 December 2024
Entity name
Project name or
natur
e of loan
%
Ownership % Interest1 Maturity
Non-
curr
ent
Curren
t Total
Non-
curr
ent Current Total
Project Finance facilities drawn
SBM Baleia Azul
S.à.r
.l.
FPSO Cidade
de Anchieta 100.00 5.50% 15-sep-27 2 - - - 78 44 122
Alfa Lula Alto S.à.r.l. FPSO Cidade
de Maricá 61.00 5.60% 17-Dec-29 267 143 409 409 135 544
Beta Lula Central
S.à.r
.l.
FPSO Cidade
de Saquarema 61.00 4.20% 15-Jun-30 477 120 597 598 114 712
Sonasing Xikomba
Limited
N’Goma FPSO
60.00 4.05% 15-May-26 - 40 40 40 77 117
Mero 2 Owning B.V . FPSO Sepetiba 51.00 4.15% 15-Mar-38 1,152 99 1,251 1,251 90 1,341
Tamandare Owning
B.V
.
FPSO Almirante
Tamandaré 55.00 6.30% 15-Dec-38 1,348 76 1,424 1,407 90 1,497
Mero 4 Owning B.V .
FPSO Alexandre
de Gusmão 55.00 6.80% 15-May-39 1,383 91 1,474 1,210 5 1,215
GY-DW-UK-IV Limited
FPSO ONE
GUYANA 100.00
SOFR +
2.20% 31-Jul-27 - 1,739 3 1,739 1,473 0 1,473
Senior secured notes
Guara Norte S.à.r.l.
FPSO Cidade
de Ilhabela 75.00 5.20% 15-Jun-34 565 55 620 620 52 672
Guaranteed project finance facil ities
drawn
SBM SWISS WT SA FPSO Jaguar
100.00
SOFR +
2.50% 30-Apr-27 990 (10) 980 461 (3) 458
Revolving credit facility
SBM Holding Inc. S.A. Corporate
Facility 100.00 Variable 15-Apr-30 (3) 99 96 (0) 500 500
SBM Holding Inc. S.A. Fast4Ward® hull
financing 100.00
SOFR +
2.1% 24-Apr-25 - - - (0) 89 89
Other
Guara Norte Swiss
Hold
ing SA
FPSO Cidade
de Ilhabela 100.00 7.47% 30-Jan-26 - 50 50 50 25 75
Tupi Nordeste S.à.r.l.
FPSO Cidade
de Paraty 63.13 7.00% 15-Mar-33 309 49 358 - - -
Brazilian Deepwater
Pr
oduction B.V .
FPSO Espirito
Santo 100.00
SOFR +
1.05% 31-Jan-29 2 - - - 27 - 27
Brazilian Deepwater
Pr
oduction
Contractors Ltd.
FPSO Espirito
Santo
100.00
3.00% 31-Dec-28 2 - - - 9 - 9
Other 100.00 - - - 0 - 0
Net book value of loans and borrowings 6,488 2,551 9,039 7,632 1,218 8,850
1 % interest per annum on the remaining loan balance.
2
The company has repaid this loan during 2025. This was done in anticipation of the initial maturity date.
3 The loan with a contractual maturity of 31 July 2027 has been reclassified from non‑current to current liabilities. This classification reflects the contractual
requirement for SBM to settle the loan in full on the date the FPSO sale transaction closes, which occurred in February 2026. As the repayment trigger is
linked to the transaction date rather than the original maturity, the balance was reclassified to current liabilities.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 261]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 261
For the project finance facil ities, the operational vessels are mortgaged to the banks or to note holders.
The Company has available facilities resulting from the undrawn portions of (i) the Company‘s RCF, (ii) FPSO Jaguar project
facility and (iii) short-term uncommitted credit lines and SCF.
Expiry date of the undrawn facilities and unused credit lines
2025 2024
Expiring within one year 534 892
Expiring beyond one year 1,505 1,520
Total 2,039 2,412
REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY (RCF)
The Company has available short-term cr
edit lines and borrowing facilities resulting from the undrawn part of the RCF.
As announced on April 10, 2025, the Company has signed a US$1.1 billion unsecured RCF with a group of 13 international
banks to refinance its existing US$1.0 billion RCF, which was due to expire in February 2026. The new RCF has a tenor of five
years and two one-year extension options as well as an uncommitted option to increase the facility by up to US$500 million.
When needed, the RCF allows the Company to finance general corporate purposes and working capital needs during the
construction of floating production solutions. Eligible green projects can be funded under a specific green tranche of US$100
million.
The pricing of the RCF is currently based on SOFR. The margin is adjusted in accordance with the applicable net leverage
ratio, ranging from a minimum level of 0.70% p.a. (0.60% for the green tranche) to a maximum of 1.80% p.a. (1.70% for the
green tranche). As of December 31, 2025, the Company has drawn US$100 million under the green tranche of RCF.
REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY FOR MPF HULL FINANCING
As announced on December 15, 2023, the Company secured a US$210 million revolving credit facility for the financing of the
construction of Fast4Ward® Multi-Purpose Floater (MPF) hulls. The pricing was based on SOFR and a margin, which was
1.90% per annum for the first 12 months and thereafter 2.10% per annum. This revolving credit facility was fully repaid and
cancelled in April 2025.
SUPPLY CHAIN FINANCING
Starting April 2023, the Company secured short-term funds in the form of an uncommitted Supply Chain Financing (SCF)
program to optimize working capital. The first SCF facility was signed in April 2023 for a notional amount of EUR50 million (or
US$ equivalent). The interest is based on a reference rate, depending on the tenor and currency (such as Term SOFR for US$)
of the individual utilizations. The margin is adjusted in accordance with the currency of the utilization, 0.85% p.a. for payables
denominated in EUR and 0.95% p.a. in US$.
In 2024, the Company expanded its uncommitted SCF program to a total of US$260 million with margins ranging from 1.35%
to 2.75%.
The Company has utilized the SCF facilities during the year with no outstanding balance as of December 31, 2025.
CIDADE DE ANCHIETA LOAN
On June 17, 2025, the Company repaid in full the US private placement notes in relation to 
FPSO Cidade de Anchieta for a
total amount of US$101 million. The repayment was done in anticipation as the initial maturity date was on September 15,
2027.
COVENANTS
The following key financial covenants apply to the RCF, as agreed with the respective lenders on April 10, 2025, and, unless
stated otherwise, relate to the Company’s consolidated financial statements:
• Solvency: Consolidated IFRS Tangible Net Worth divided by Consolidated IFRS Tangible Assets must be
> 25%, for which the calculation method in the new RCF remains the same as previously;

[page 262]
262 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
• Inter est Cover Ratio: Consolidated Directional Underlying EBITDA divided by Consolidated Directional Net Interest
Payable must be > 4.0, save that the Company may request that such ratio is reduced to 3.00:1.00 for a tested
Measurement Period up to two times during the term of this Facility (provided that such requests do not apply to any two
consecutive tested measurement periods). The calculation method for this ratio in the new RCF remains the same as
previously;
• Backlog Cover Ratio (BCR): Consolidated Directional Backlog net present value (NPV) divided by the Consolidated
Directional sum of outstanding principal amount of RCF loans and Other Borrowing Base Debt balance must be
>1.50:1.00, which became a covenant in the new RCF, although the calculation method remains materially the same as
previously.
For the purpose of covenants calculations, the following simplified definitions apply:
• IFRS Tangible Net Worth: Total equity (including non-controlling interests) of the Company in accordance with IFRS,
excluding the marked-to-market valuation of currency and interest derivatives undertaken for hedging purposes by the
Company through other comprehensive income, dividends declared, value of intangible assets and deferred taxes.
• Consolidated IFRS Tangible Assets: The Company’s total assets (excluding intangible assets) in accordance with the IFRS
consolidated statement of financial position less the marked-to-market valuation of currency and interest derivatives
undertaken for hedging purposes by the Company through other comprehensive income.
• Consolidated Directional Underlying EBITDA: Consolidated profit of the Company adjusted for net interest payable, tax
and depreciation of assets and impairments, any exceptional or extraordinary items, and by adding back (i) the annualized
production EBITDA for units that started operations during the financial year, and (ii) the acquisition annualized EBITDA
for units acquired during the financial year.
• Consolidated Directional Net Interest Payable: All interest and other financing charges paid up, payable (other than
capitalized interest during a construction period and interest paid or payable between wholly owned members of the
Company) or incurred by the Company, less all interest and other financing charges received or receivable by the
Company, as per Directional reporting.
• Consolidated Directional Backlog Net Present Value: the net present value of the future contracted net cash after debt
and tax service of a defined portfolio of projects under construction and operational offshore units in lease or
maintenance program during the relevant calculation period.
• Other Borrowing Base Debt: sum of the total consolidated borrowings of the Company minus the principal amount of
any loans outstanding and the principal amount of any financial indebtedness of the Company which is project debt.
Covenants
2025 2024
IFRS Tangible Net Worth 5,726 5,282
Consolidated IFRS Tangible Assets 17,536 16,551
Solvency ratio 32.7% 31.9%
Adjusted (Directional) EBITDA 1,973 1,847
Consolidated Directional Net Interest Payable 244 271
Interest cover ratio 8.1 6.8
Backlog cover ratio >1.5 n.a.1
1 For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Lease Backlog Cover Ratio (LBCR) was used to determine the maximum funding availability under the existing
RCF
, but it was not a covenant.
The Leverage ratio based on reported Directional figur es, is used to determine the pricing only.
The Company monitors its financial and non-financial covenants for borrowings, which are included in the consolidated
financial statements twice a year (as of 30 June and 31 December). None of the borrowings in the statement of financial
position were in default as at the reporting date.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 263]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 263
LEASE LIABILITIES
The lease l
iabilities mostly relate to the leasing of office buildings as of December 31, 2025.
The movement in the lease liabilities is as follows:
2025 2024
Principal recognized at 1 January 93 85
Additions 27 26
Redemptions (14) (12)
Foreign currency variations 10 (6)
Other 0 1
Total movements 22 9
Remaining principal at 31 December 115 93
Of which
Current portion 17 11
Non-current portion 98 82
The movements in lease liabilities over the period mainly related to an increase due to the lease extensions and new lease
office contracts, mainly arising fr
om the new lease agreement for office spaces in India beginning in September 2025 and
new lease agreements on apartments in Guyana and foreign currency translations, partially offset by regular redemptions of
the existing lease contracts.
The total cash outflow for leases in 2025 was US$17 million, which includes redemptions of principal and interest payments.
Total interest paid for the period amounted to US$5 million.
4.3.24 PROVISIONS
The movement and type of provisions during the year 2025 are summarized as follows:
Provisions (movements)
Demobilization Warranty Restructuring
Employee
benefits Other Total
Balance at 1 January
2025 112 118 1 22 313 565
Arising during the year - 66 (0) 3 (18) 51
Unwinding of interest 5 - - 1 5 11
Utilized (2) (34) (0) (1) (33) (70)
Released to pr ofit (53) (40) (0) (1) (16) (111)
Other movement - 0 (0) 1 (1) 0
Balance at 31 December
2025
61 111 0 25 249 447
of which :
Non-current portion 54 - - 25 52 131
Current portion 7 111 0 - 197 315
Demobilization
The pr
ovision for demobilization relates to the costs for demobilization of the vessels and floating equipment at the end of
the respective operating lease periods. The obligations are valued at net present value, and a yearly basis interest is added
to this provision. The recognized interest is included in the line item ’Financial expenses’ of the consolidated income
statement (refer to note 4.3.9 Net Financing Costs).
The decrease in the provision for demobilization mainly relates to the sale of the semi-submersible production facility
Thunder Hawk to the client, leading to the release of the existing demobilization provision and demobilization receivable

[page 264]
264 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
(refer to 4.3.16 Other Financial Assets), partially offset by the unwinding of interest accrued on the provision for FPSO Cidade
de Anchieta.
Expected outflows within one year are US$7 million and US$54 million after five years.
Warranty
For most Turnkey sales, the Company gives warranties to its clients. Under the terms of the contracts, the Company
undertakes to make good, by repair or replacement, defective items that become apparent within an agreed period, starting
from the final acceptance by the client.
The decrease in the warranty provision resulted from the regular consumption of existing warranty provisions over the
applicable warranty period, the utilization of existing warranty claims from clients partially offset by new provisions accrued
on projects under construction over the period or still under warranty period and new warranty claims from clients.
As of December 31, 2025, the Company expects US$22 million of the recognized warranty provision to be released within 12
months. 
Other
Other provisions mainly relate to planned local content penalty on construction projects and include claims, regulatory fines
related to operations, and onerous contracts.
The reduction in Other provisions mainly relates to the Company’s progress in settling planned local content penalty
obligations in relation to 
FPSO Sepetiba, FPSO Almirante Tamandaré and FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão.
4.3.25 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
Trade and other payables (summary)
Notes 31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Trade payables 252 237
Accruals on projects and vessels 622 608
Accruals regarding delivered orders 171 56
Other payables 137 109
Contract liability 4.3.3 343 31
Pension taxation 12 10
Taxation and social security costs 83 86
Current portion of deferred income 1 2
Other non-trade payables 85 78
Total 4.3.27 1,707 1,216
’Trade payables’ increased mainly as a result of an increase in payables to suppliers for FPSOs in operation, partially offset by
t
he divestment of the FPSO Aseng lease and operating entities.
’Accruals on projects and vessels’ increased mainly as a result of an increase for FPSOs under construction, partially offset by
the consumption of accruals related to FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão and FPSO ONE GUYANA for which construction has
been finalized during the period.
The increase in ‘Accruals regarding delivered orders’ is mainly related to FPSO Almirante Tamandaré, FPSO Alexandre de
Gusmão and FPSO ONE GUYANA joining the fleet during 2025.
’Other payables’ mainly includes accrued liabilities arising from short-term employee benefits, such as employee bonuses
and leave allowances.
For ’Contract liability’ refer to note 4.3.3 Revenue where the movement in current and non-current contract liabilities is
detailed.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 265]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 265
Payables related to ’Taxation and social security costs’ includes uncertain tax positions related mainly to various taxes other
t
han corporate income tax.
’Other non-trade payables’ include an interest payable and the short-term portion of the outstanding payments related to
the Leniency Agreement and the settlement with the Brazilian Federal Prosecutor’s Office (Ministério Público Federal). The
long-term portion of the outstanding payments related to these agreements is presented in the line item ’Other non-current
liabilities’ in the Company’s statement of financial position.
The line item ’Other non-current liabilities’ in the consolidated statement of financial position includes non-current contract
liabilities of US$30 million, as detailed in note 4.3.3 Revenue.
The contractual maturity of the trade payables is analyzed in the liquidity risk section in 4.3.27 Financial Instruments − Fair
Values and Risk Management.
4.3.26 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
PARENT COMPANY GUARANTEES
SBM Offshore N.V ., as the parent company, is committed to fulfill various types of obligations arising from customer
contracts, such as full performance and warranty obligations.
During 2025, the parent company acceded as a guarantor to the new US$1.1 billion RCF.
In the past, the parent company has issued guarantees for contractual obligations in respect of several Group companies,
including equity-accounted joint ventures, with respect to long-term lease and operate contracts. The few remaining
guarantees still active as of December 31, 2025, relate to the 
Thunder Hawk semi-submersible platform (signed prior to 2010)
and FPSO Mondo and FPSO Saxi Batuque (signed prior to 2010 and extended as a result of the lease extension).
BANK GUARANTEES
As of December 31, 2025, the Company has provided bank guarantees to unrelated third parties for an amount of
US$567million (2024: US$541 million). No liability is expected to arise under these guarantees.
The Company holds in its favor US$827 million of bank guarantees from unrelated third parties. No withdrawal under these
guarantees is expected to occur.
COMMITMENTS
As at December 31, 2025, the significant remaining contractual commitments contracted but not yet recognized, for the
acquisition of goods and services from suppliers for FPSO projects under construction FPSO 
GranMorgu, FPSO Jaguar and
FSO Chalchi, MPFs hulls and related equipment for use in future FPSO projects, amounted to US$1,242 million (December
31, 2024: US$1,563 million).
CONTINGENT LIABILITY
As at December 31, 2025, the Company did not identify any contingent liabilities.
4.3.27 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS − FAIR VALUES AND RISK MANAGEMENT
This note presents information about the Company’s exposure to risk resulting from its use of financial instruments, the
Company’s objectives, policies and processes for measuring and managing risk, and the Company’s management of capital.
Further qualitative disclosures are included throughout these consolidated financial statements.
ACCOUNTING CLASSIFICATIONS AND FAIR VALUES
The Company uses the following fair value hierarchy for financial instruments that are measured at fair value in the statement
of financial position, which require disclosure of fair value measurements by level:
• Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1);
• Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (that is,
as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (Level 2);
• Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is unobservable inputs) (Level 3).

[page 266]
266 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
The following table shows the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial l iabilities, including their
levels in the fair value hierarchy. It does not include fair value information for financial assets and financial liabilities not
measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value.
Accounting classification and fair values
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Notes
Fair
value
level
Total book
value
Total fair
value
Total book
value
Total fair
value
Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Finance lease receivables 4.3.15 3 13,124 14,412 6,657 7,249
Loans to joint ventures and associates 4.3.16 3 6 6 6 6
Total 13,130 14,419 6,663 7,255
Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
US$ project finance facil
 ities drawn 4.3.23 2 9,349 9,443 9,173 9,228
Lease liabilities 3 115 115 93 93
Other debt 4.3.23 2 50 50 111 110
Total 9,515 9,609 9,377 9,431
Additional information
•
In the above table, the Company has disclosed the fair value of each class of financial assets and financial liabilities for
which the book value is different than fair value in a way that permits the information to be compared with the carrying
amounts.
• There are financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value, namely the interest rate swaps and options,
forward currency contracts and commodity swaps, which are classified at a Level 2 on the fair value hierarchy. Level 2 is
based on inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices). The carrying amount for these financial assets and
liabilities approximates the fair value as at December 31, 2025.
• The Company has not disclosed the fair values for financial instruments such as short-term trade receivables and payables,
because their carrying amounts are a reasonable approximation of fair values as the impact of discounting is insignificant.
• Classes of financial instruments that are not used are not disclosed.
• No instruments were transferred between Level 1 and Level 2.
• No instruments were transferred between Level 2 and Level 3.
• None of the instruments of the Level 3 hierarchy are carried at fair value in the statement of financial position.
• No financial instruments were subject to offsetting as of December 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 267]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 267
The effects of the foreign currency-related hedging instruments on the Company’s financial posit ion and performance
including related information are included in the table below:
Effect of the foreign currency, interest swaps, commodity contracts and related hedging instruments
2025 2024
Foreign currency forwards
Carrying amount 102 (179)
Notional amount (3,813) (4,252)
Maturity date 2-8-2026 26-10-2025
Hedge ratio 100% 100%
Change in discounted spot value of outstanding hedging instruments since 1 January 281 (247)
Change in value hedged rate for the year (including forward points) (281) 247
Interest rate swaps
Carrying amount 213 369
Notional amount 5,717 7,867
Maturity date 21-10-2036 7-5-2033
Hedge ratio 95% 97%
Change in discounted spot value of outstanding hedging instruments since 1 January (157) 121
Change in value hedged rate for the year (including forward points) 157 (121)
Interest rate options
Carrying amount 8 7
Notional amount 178 178
Maturity date 15-10-2041 15-10-2041
Hedge ratio 61% 61%
Change in discounted spot value of outstanding hedging instruments since 1 January 1 7
Change in value hedged rate for the year (including forward points) (1) (7)
Commodity contracts
Carrying amount 7 (1)
Notional amount 9 20
Maturity date 20-3-2027 23-3-2026
Hedge ratio 100% 100%
Change in discounted spot value of outstanding hedging instruments since 1 January 9 1
Change in value hedged rate for the year (including forward points) (9) (1)

[page 268]
268 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
MEASUREMENT OF FAIR VALUES
The fol
lowing table shows the valuation techniques used in measuring Level 2 and Level 3 fair values, as well as the
significant unobservable inputs used.
Level 2 and level 3
instruments Level 3 instruments
Type Valuation technique Significant unobservable inputs
Inter-relationship between significant unobservable inputs
and fair value measur
ement
Financial instrument
measur
ed at fair value
Interest rate swaps Income approach −
Pr
esent value
technique
Not applicable Not applicable
Commodity swaps Income approach −
Pr
esent value
technique
Not applicable Not applicable
Forward currency
contracts
Income approach −
Pr
esent value
technique
Not applicable Not applicable
Financial instrument not
measur
ed at fair value
Loans to joint ventures
and associates
Income approach −
Pr
esent value
technique
• Forecast revenues
•
Risk-adjusted discount
rate (4%-5%)
The estimated fair value would increase
(decr
ease) if:
• the revenue was higher (lower)
• the risk-adjusted discount rate was lower
(higher)
Finance lease
r
eceivables
Income approach −
Pr
esent value
technique
• Forecast revenues
•
Risk-adjusted discount
rate (4%-8%)
The estimated fair value would increase
(decr
ease) if:
• the revenue was higher (lower)
• the risk-adjusted discount rate was lower
(higher)
Loans and borrowings Income approach −
Pr
esent value
technique
Not applicable Not applicable
Other long-term debt Income approach −
Pr
esent value
technique
Not applicable Not applicable
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 269]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 269
DERIVATIVE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES DESIGNATED AS CASH FLOW HEDGES
The fol
lowing table indicates the period in which the cash flows associated with the cash-flow hedges are expected to occur
and the carrying amounts of the related hedging instruments. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual
undiscounted cash flows. The future interest cash flows for interest rate swaps are estimated using the forward rates as at the
reporting date.
Cash flows
Carrying amount
Less than
1 year
Between
1 and 5 years
More than
5 years Total
31 December 2025
Interest rate swaps (SOFR) 213 29 145 51 225
Interest rate options (SOFR) 8 - - 13 13
Forward currency contracts 102 92 21 - 113
Commodity contracts (1) (0) (1) - (1)
31 December 2024
Interest rate swaps (SOFR) 369 77 148 163 389
Interest rate options (SOFR) 7 - - 12 12
Forward currency contracts (179) (135) (65) - (200)
Commodity contracts (1) (1) - - (1)
The following table indicates the period in which the cash flow hedges ar
 e expected to impact profit or loss and the carrying
amounts of the related hedging instruments.
Expected pr ofit or loss impact
Carrying amount
Less than
1 year
Between
1 and 5 years
More than
5 years Total
31 December 2025
Interest rate swaps (SOFR) 213 29 145 51 225
Interest rate options (SOFR) 8 - - 13 13
Forward currency contracts 102 92 21 - 113
Commodity contracts (1) (0) (1) - (1)
31 December 2024
Interest rate swaps (SOFR) 369 77 148 163 389
Interest rate options (SOFR) 7 - - 12 12
Forward currency contracts (179) (135) (65) - (200)
Commodity contracts (1) (1) - - (1)
Interest rate swaps
Gains and losses r
ecognized in the hedging reserve in equity on interest rate swap contracts will be continuously released to
the income statement until the final repayment of the hedged items (please refer to note 4.3.22 Equity Attributable to
Shareholders).
Interest rate options
Gains and losses recognized in the hedging reserve in equity on interest rate option contracts will be continuously released
to the income statement until the final repayment of the hedged items (please refer to note 4.3.22 Equity Attributable to
Shareholders).
Forward currency contracts
Gains and losses recognized in the hedging reserve on forward currency contracts are recognized in the income statement in
the period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects the income statement. This is mainly within 12 months of
the statement of financial position date, unless the gain or loss is included in the initial amount recognized in the carrying
amount of fixed assets, in which case recognition is over the lifetime of the asset. If the gain or loss is included in the initial
amount recognized in the carrying amount of the cost incurred on construction contracts, the recognition is over time.

[page 270]
270 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Commodities
Gains and losses r
ecognized in the hedging reserve on commodity contracts are recognized in the income statement in the
period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects the income statement. If the hedged transaction
subsequently results in the recognition of non-financial assets (such as inventories or assets under construction) or non-
financial liability, the gain or loss is included in the initial cost or other carrying amount of the asset. In such case, this amount
is recognized in profit or loss at the same time as the hedged item affects profit or loss.
LOSS ALLOWANCE ON FINANCIAL ASSETS AND CONTRACT ASSETS
The movement of loss allowance during the year 2025 is summarized as follows:
Finance lease receivable Contract assets Trade receivables Other financial assets
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Opening loss allowance as
at 1 January (0) (0) (0) (1) (4) (5) (128) (123)
Increase in loss allowance
r
ecognized in profit or loss
during the year (0) (0) (1) (2) (1) (1) (0) (5)
Receivables written off
during t
he year as
uncollectible - - - - - - - -
Unused amount reversed 0 0 1 2 4 1 12 0
At 31 December (0) (0) (0) (0) (2) (4) (115) (128)
The reversal of US$12 million in ’Other financial assets’ mainly arises fr om the release of the accumulated impairment on the
demobilization receivable for Thunder Hawk as a result of the sale of the asset completed during the period. Refer to note
4.3.8 Net Impairment Gains/(Losses on Financial and Contract Assets.
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
The Company’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, market risks (including currency risk, interest rate risk and
commodity risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company’s overall risk management program focuses on the
unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimize potential adverse effects on the Company’s financial performance.
The Company uses derivative financial instruments to hedge certain risk exposures. The Company buys and sells derivatives
in the ordinary course of business and also incurs financial liabilities in order to manage market risks. All such transactions are
carried out within the guidelines set in the Company policy. Generally, the Company seeks to apply hedge accounting in
order to manage volatility in the income statement and statement of comprehensive income. The purpose is to manage the
interest rate, currency and commodity price risk arising from the Company’s operations and its sources of finance. Derivatives
are only used to hedge closely correlated underlying business transactions.
The Company’s principal financial instruments, other than derivatives, comprise trade debtors and creditors, bank loans,
bonds, notes, short-term facilities and overdrafts, cash and cash equivalents (including short-term deposits) and financial
guarantees. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to finance the Company’s operations. Trade debtors and
creditors result directly from the business operations of the Company.
Financial risk management is carried out by a central treasury department under policies approved by the Management
Board. Treasury identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks in close co-operation with the subsidiaries and the Chief
Financial Officer (CFO) during the quarterly Asset and Liability Committee. The Management Board provides written
principles for overall risk management, as well as written policies covering specific areas, such as foreign exchange risk,
interest rate risk, credit risk, use of derivative financial instruments and non-derivative financial instruments, and investment
of excess liquidity. It is, and has been throughout the current year, the Company’s policy that no speculation in financial
instruments shall be undertaken. The main risks arising from the Company’s financial instruments are market risk, liquidity risk
and credit risk.
Market risk
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices, will
affect the Company’s income or the value of its holding of financial instruments. The objective of market risk management is
to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimizing the return on risk.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 271]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 271
Foreign exchange risk
The Company operates internat
ionally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from transactional currency
exposures, primarily with respect to the euro, Singapore dollar, Chinese yuan and Brazilian real. The exposure arises from
sales or purchases in currencies other than the Company’s functional currency. The Company uses forward currency contracts
to eliminate the currency exposure once the Company has entered into a firm commitment of a project contract.
For foreign currency risk, the principal terms of the forward currency contract (notional and settlement date) and the future
expense or revenue (notional and expected cash flow date) are identical. The Company has established a hedge ratio of 1:1
for all its hedging relationships.
The main Company’s exposure to foreign currency risk is as follows based on notional amounts:
Foreign exchange risk (summary)
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
in millions of local currency EUR SGD BRL CNY EUR SGD BRL CNY
Fixed assets 204 2 463 30 213 - 851 32
Current assets 128 5 522 25 145 5 1,304 37
Long-term liabilities (181) (1) (456) (22) (190) (0) (1,063) (22)
Current liabilities (220) (12) (1,100) (164) (235) (16) (1,622) (140)
Gross balance sheet
exposur
e (70) (7) (570) (132) (68) (12) (530) (93)
Estimated forecast sales 18 - - - - - - -
Estimated forecast
pur
chases (1,370) (473) (3,008) (3,481) (1,688) (764) (3,053) (4,836)
Gross exposure (1,423) (479) (3,578) (3,613) (1,755) (776) (3,583) (4,929)
Forward exchange
contracts 1,461 473 3,621 3,657 1,808 775 3,609 4,937
Net exposure 38 (7) 43 44 53 (1) 25 8
Net exposure in USD 45 (5) 8 6 55 (1) 4 1
Overall, currency gross exposure decreased due to progress in the construction of FPSO Jaguar and FPSO GranMorgu, as
well as the completion of the three FPSOs delivered in 2025: FPSO Almirante Tamandaré, FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão and
FPSO ONE GUYANA. Future BRL requirements remain almost stable, as the construction costs in BRL are offset by the
operational needs of the Company’s two new vessels operating in Brazil.
The estimated forecast purchases relate to project expenditure and overhead expenses for up to three years. The main
currency exposures of overhead expenses and Brazilian operations are hedged at 100% for the coming year, between 66%
and 100% for the year after, and between 33% and 100% for the subsequent year, depending on internal review of the
foreign exchange market conditions.
Foreign exchange risk (exchange rates applied)
2025 2024 2025 2024
Average rate Closing rate
EUR 1 1.1298 1.0824 1.1750 1.0389
SGD 1 0.7654 0.7487 0.7779 0.7335
BRL 1 0.1791 0.1865 0.1826 0.1617
CNY 1 0.1391 0.1390 0.1428 0.1370
The sensitivity on equity and the income statement resulting from a change of 10% of the US dollar’s value against the
fol
lowing currencies at December 31, would have increased (decreased) profit or loss and equity by the amounts shown
below. This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant. The analysis is performed on
the same basis as for 2024.

[page 272]
272 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Foreign exchange risk (sensitivity)
Profit or loss Equity
10% increase 10% decrease 10% increase 10% decrease
31 December 2025
EUR (1) 1 (162) 162
SGD 1 (1) (37) 37
BRL (0) 0 (56) 56
CNY (0) 0 (50) 50
31 December 2024
EUR 1 (1) (182) 182
SGD 0 (0) (56) 56
BRL (1) 1 (49) 49
CNY 0 (0) (67) 67
As set out above, by managing foreign currency risk, the Company aims to reduce the impact of short-term market price
fluctuat
ions on the Company’s earnings. Over the long-term however, permanent changes in foreign currency rates would
have an impact on consolidated earnings.
Interest rate risk
The Company’s exposure to risk from changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Company’s long-term debt
obligations with a floating interest rate. In respect of controlling interest rate risk, the floating interest rates of long-term
loans are hedged by fixed rate swaps and options for the entire maturity period. The revolving credit facility is intended for
the fluctuating needs of construction financing and bears interest at floating rates, which is also swapped for fixed rates when
exposure is significant.
For interest rate risk, the principal terms of the interest rate swap or option (notional amortization, rate-set periods) and the
financing (repayment schedule, rate-set periods) are identical. The Company has established a hedge ratio of 1:1, as the
hedging layer component matches the nominal amount of the interest rate swap for all its hedging relationships.
At the reporting date, the interest rate profile of the Company’s interest-bearing financial instruments (excluding transaction
costs) was:
Interest rate risk (summary)
2025 2024
Fixed rate instruments
Financial assets 13,173 6,728
Financial liabilities (620) (802)
Total 12,553 5,926
Variable rate instruments (SOFR)
Financial assets - -
Financial liabilities (SOFR) (8,773) (8,474)
Financial liabilities (future) (SOFR) (505) (1,652)
Total (9,278) (10,126)
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 273]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 273
Interest rate risk (exposure)
2025 2024
Variable rate instruments (SOFR) (9,278) (10,126)
Less: Reimbursable items (SOFR) 3,240 1,500
Less: IRS contracts (SOFR) 5,717 7,867
Exposure (321) (859)
Interest rate risk (sensitivity)
Profit or loss Equity
100 bp increase 100 bp decrease 100 bp increase 100 bp decrease
31 December 2025
Variable rate instruments (SOFR) (5) 5 - -
Interest rate swap (SOFR) - - 317 (317)
Sensitivity (net) (5) 5 317 (317)
31 December 2024
Variable rate instruments (SOFR) (9) 9 - -
Interest rate swap (SOFR) - - 356 (356)
Sensitivity (net) (9) 9 356 (356)
The exposure of US$321 million is primarily arising from the residual exposure on the unhedged portion of project loan
facil
ities for FPSO Almirante Tamandaré and FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão, and sale and leaseback financing agreement for
FPSO Cidade de Paraty. The interest rate exposure arising from these loans is mainly offset by interest income from the Cash
and Cash Equivalents at December 31, 2025.
The sensitivity on equity and the income statement resulting from a change of 100 basis points in interest rates at the
reporting date would have increased (decreased) equity and profit or loss by the amounts shown above. This analysis
assumes that all other variables, in particular foreign currency rates, remain constant. The analysis was performed on the
same basis as for 2024.
At December 31, 2025, it is estimated that a general increase of 100 basis points in interest rates would decrease the
Company’s profit before tax for the year by approximately US$5 million (2024: decrease of US$9 million), mainly related to
the residual interest rate exposure.
As set out above, the Company aims to reduce the impact of short-term market price fluctuations on the Company’s
earnings. Over the long term, however, permanent changes in interest rates could have an impact on consolidated earnings.
Commodity risk
Commodity exposure is defined by the Company as the risk of realizing adverse effects on operating cash flows and future
earnings resulting from movement in commodity prices. The Company establishes hedge strategies in order to limit their
commodity risk exposure to the following commodities:
• Oil exposure is mostly associated with transportation fuels connected with the Company’s prospective contract awards,
construction contracts and future decommissioning.
• Aluminum, steel, copper and iron ore exposures arise from the construction, refurbishment, repair of the products
embedded in the Company’s prospective contract awards, construction contracts and operation contracts.
Incoming lease payments following the Company’s contractual arrangements with its clients are not impacted by the oil
price.
Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its
contractual obligations, and arises principally from the Company’s lease receivables, contract assets, other financial assets,
trade and other receivables (including committed transactions), derivative financial instruments and cash and cash
equivalents.

[page 274]
274 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Credit risk
2025 2024
Rating Assets Liabilities Assets Liabilities
AA 32 (5) 18 (23)
AA- 76 (10) 101 (99)
A+ 227 (9) 262 (127)
A 30 - 48 -
BBB - - - -
Non-investment grade 3 (0) - (17)
Derivative financial instruments 368 (24) 429 (266)
AAA 100 - 278 -
AA 4 - - -
AA- 530 - 460 -
A+ 411 - 44 -
A 7 - 6 -
Non-investment grade 34 - 18 -
Cash and cash equivalents and bank overdrafts 1,086 - 806 -
The Company maintains and reviews its policy on cash investments and limits per individual counterparty are set to:
•
BBB- to BBB+ rating: US$25 million or 10% of cash available.
• A- to A+ rating: US$75 million or 20% of cash available.
• AA- to AA+ rating: US$100 million or 20% of cash available.
• Above AA+ rating: no limit.
As per December 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, cash investments below AA- rating do not exceed US$100 million per
individual counterparty.
Cash held in banks rated AA- is mainly linked to cash pledged to loan reimbursements to those same banks. Cash held in
banks rated A+ is mainly related to the Company’s project-related activities and additional investments with various banks to
optimize and diversified surplus of cash at year end. Cash held in banks rated below A- is mainly related to the Company’s
activities in Brazil (US$13 million) and countries with restrictions on currency flow.
Financial assets held by the Company other than derivatives and cash and cash equivalents are mostly related to debtors in
the oil and gas industry.
For trade debtors and contract assets, the credit quality of each customer is assessed, taking into account its financial
position, past experience and other factors. Bank or parent company guarantees are negotiated with customers. Individual
risk limits are set based on internal or external ratings, in accordance with limits set by the Management Board. At December
31, 2025, there are three major customers in three countries that have an outstanding balance with a percentage over 10%
each of the total of trade and other receivables (December 31, 2024: three major customers). Reference is made to note
4.3.19 Trade and Other Receivables for information on the distribution of the trade debtor balances by country and an
analysis of the ageing of those amounts. At December 31, 2025, three major customers in three countries account for over
10% each of total recognized contract assets (December 31, 2024: three major customers in three countries).
For lease receivables and other financial assets, the credit quality of each counterpart is assessed, taking into account its
credit agency rating when available or a comparable proxy. At December 31, 2025, there are two major customers in two
countries that have an outstanding balance with a percentage over 10% each of the total of finance lease receivables
(December 31, 2024: two major customers in two countries). The Company has concluded that these balances have low
credit risk, as explained in 4.3.8 Net Impairment Gains/(Losses) on Financial and Contract Assets. Outstanding finance lease
receivables are mostly graded at the equivalent between S&P ratings AAA and A (December 31, 2024: between AAA and A).
Furthermore, limited recourse project financing removes a significant portion of the credit risk on finance lease receivables.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 275]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 275
Regarding loans to joint ventures and associates, the maximum exposure to credit risk is the carrying amount of these
instruments. As t
he counterparties of these instruments are joint ventures, the Company has visibility over the expected cash
flows and can monitor and manage credit risk that mainly arises from the joint venture’s final client.
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The Company’s
approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities
when due, under both normal and abnormal conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the
Company’s reputation.
In 2025, the Company again conducted various liquidity scenarios, financial stress tests and sensitivity analyses. The
conclusion remained that the Company’s lease portfolio and the existing financing facilities and overall financing capacity are
sufficient to ensure that the Company will continue as a going concern in the foreseeable future and it can sustain future
growth plans. Furthermore, under its Lease and Operate contractual arrangements with clients, the Company has
considerable time under charters in which to deal with disruptions from events outside the Company’s control, thus
providing it with considerable financial protection.
Liquidity is monitored using rolling forecasts of the Company’s liquidity reserves, based on expected cash flows. Flexibility is
secured by maintaining availability under committed credit lines.
The table below analyses the Company’s non-derivative financial liabilities, derivative financial liabilities and derivative
financial assets in relevant maturity groupings, based on the remaining period at the statement of financial position date until
the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. The future
interest cash flows for borrowings and derivative financial instruments are based on the SOFR 3-month rates as at the
reporting date.
Liquidity risk 2025
Note Less than 1 year Between 1 and 5 years Over 5 years Total
31 December 2025
Borrowings 4.3.23 3,624 6,671 4,409 14,704
Lease liabilities 4.3.23 20 52 62 135
Derivative financial l iabilities 4.3.20 31 23 3 57
Derivative financial assets 4.3.20 (206) (226) (160) (592)
Trade and other payables 4.3.25 1,266 - - 1,266
Total 4,735 6,520 4,314 15,570
Liquidity risk 2024
Note Less than 1 year Between 1 and 5 years Over 5 years Total
31 December 2024
Borrowings
4.3.23 1,112 8,096 5,048 14,256
Lease liabilities 4.3.23 10 30 31 71
Derivative financial l iabilities 4.3.20 215 74 - 289
Derivative financial assets 4.3.20 (186) (313) (321) (820)
Trade and other payables 4.3.25 1,088 - - 1,088
Total 2,239 7,886 4,759 14,884
Capital risk management
The Company’
s objectives when managing its capital structure are to safeguard the Company’s ability to continue as a going
concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and to optimize the Company’s cost of capital while ensuring
diversification of sources of external funds.
The Company mainly uses its corporate revolving credit facility (RCF, US$1.1 billion) and supply-chain financing (SCF, US$260
million) to bridge financing requirements on projects under construction.

[page 276]
276 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
As per December 31, 2025, all the debt associated with operating FPSOs is non-recourse.
The Company does not maintain a tar
get net leverage ratio and continuously monitors prepayment and refinancing
opportunities in its project finance facilities to optimize its capital structure. As such, from time to time, it may decide to
refinance existing facilities based on the project specific circumstances and financial market conditions.
The gearing ratios at December 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, were as follows:
Capital risk management
2025 2024
Total borrowings and lease liabilities 9,155 8,943
Less: net cash and cash equivalents 1,086 806
Net debt 8,068 8,137
Total equity 6,482 5,844
Total capital 14,550 13,981
Gearing ratio 55.5% 58.2%
Climate related risks
The Company has adopted two cl
imate change scenarios to future-proof current strategy and take appropriate action. The
scenarios are based on the latest global climate model data (CMIP6) that inform the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change’s Sixth Assessment Reports (IPCC AR6) as explained in section 3.2.1 Climate change impact, risk and opportunity:
• The SSP5 8.5 scenario, a climate change scenario which assumes a fossil-intensive development path resulting in high
GHG emissions and serves as a very high‑emissions stress test applied across 2030, 2040, and 2050;
• The SSP1-2.6 scenario, a climate action scenario that emphasizes clean energy technologies and the preservation of the
natural environment, resulting in a lower-emissions pathway, complemented by the IEA Net-Zero Emissions (NZE) by 2050
scenario which serves as a benchmark for the energy sector aligned with a 1.5°C global temperature increase.
Through its strategy process the Company tests the resilience of its portfolio and business model against each of these
scenarios. Financial and non-financial information are aligned in order to ensure that the financial impact of climate related
risks is identified. The Company assessed the physical and transitional risks disclosed in section 3.2.1 Climate change impact,
risk and opportunity from a consolidated financial statement perspective. Based on the reasonable and supportable
information available to date and the outcome of risk assessments, the Company did not identify any circumstances which
had an impact on impairment of non-financial assets, provisions nor contingent liabilities and assets in the 2025 consolidated
financial statements.
Although climate-related risks are key drivers of the Company strategy, budgeting exercise, capital allocation and prospects
selection, the Company did not experience any significant impact on the financial statements of the reporting period.
The identified risks will however remain key points of attention, namely in the areas of impairment testing, estimation of
remaining useful life, expected credit losses and provisions for future periods.
Other risks
With respect to controlling political risk, the Company has a policy of thoroughly reviewing risks associated with contracts,
whether Turnkey or long-term leases. Where political risk cover is deemed necessary and available in the market, insurance is
obtained.
4.3.28 LIST OF GROUP COMPANIES
In accordance with legal requirements, a list of the Company’s entities that are included in the consolidated financial
statements of SBM Offshore N.V . has been deposited at the Chamber of Commerce in Amsterdam.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 277]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 277
4.3.29 INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT ARRANGEMENTS
The Company has several joint arrangements and associates:
Entity name Partners
Joint venture/
Associate
% of
ownership
Country
r
egistration
2025 main
r
eporting
segment Project name
Normand Installer S.A. The Solstad group Joint
ventur
e
49.90 Switzerland Turnkey Normand
Instal
ler
Ocean-Power AS Agri AS; CapeOmega; Knatten
I AS among ot
hers
Associate 7.69 Norway Turnkey Ocean Power
Ekwil S.A.S Technip Energies Joint
ventur
e
50.00 France Turnkey Ekwil
Ekwil Monaco S.A.M Technip Energies Joint
ventur
e
50.00 Monaco Turnkey Ekwil
STS VOF Technip Energies Joint
operat
ion
52.00 Netherlands Turnkey FPSO
GranMor
gu
STS 58 B.V . Technip Energies Joint
operat
ion
52.00 Netherlands Turnkey FPSO
GranMor
gu
The movements in investments in associates and joint ventures are as follows:
In 2025, t
he consolidated statement of comprehensive income included US$0 million of other comprehensive income from
equity-accounted investees (2024: US$31 million).
On January 31, 2025, the Company completed its full divestment of its equity interest in the lease and operating entities of
the FPSO Kikeh in Malaysia, to its partner MISC Berhad. As of December 31, 2024, the Company’s interests in the FPSO
Kikeh entities were classified as assets held for sale and were previously classified as joint ventures.
The following tables present the figures at 100%.
Information on joint ventures and associates – 2025
Project name
Total
assets
Non-
curr
ent
assets Cash Loans
Non-
curr
ent
liabilities
Current
l
iabilities
Dividends
paid Revenue
Non material joint
ventur
es/associates 81 48 23 18 0 36 - 5
Total at 100% 81 48 23 18 0 36 - 5
Information on joint ventures and associates – 2024
Project name
Total
assets
Non-
curr
ent
assets Cash Loans
Non-
curr
ent
liabilities
Current
l
iabilities
Dividends
paid Revenue
Non material joint
ventur
es/associates 76 41 25 23 18 18 - 1
Total at 100% 76 41 25 23 18 18 - 1
Note 2025 2024
Investments in associates and joint ventures at 1 January 21 288
Share of pr ofit of equity-accounted investees 4.2.1 (4) 19
Dividends - -
Cash flow hedges (0) (0)
Capital increase/(decrease) 7 (225)
Foreign currency variations 0 0
Reclassification to assets held for sale - (60)
Other - (1)
Investments in associates and joint ventures at 31 December 23 21

[page 278]
278 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
The interest-bearing loans and other borrowings held by joint ventures and associates are as follows:
Information on loans and borrowings of joint ventures and associates
Net book value at
31 December 2025
Net book value at
31 December 2024
Entity name % Ownership % Interest Maturity
Non-
curr
ent Current Total
Non-
curr
ent Current Total
Normand Installer SA 49.90 6.00% 15-12-2026 - 5 5 5 6 11
US$ Project Finance facilities drawn - 5 5 5 6 11
Loans from subsidiaries of
SBM Of
fshore N.V.1 - 6 6 6 - 6
Loans from other shareholders of the
joint ventur
es and associates - 6 6 6 - 6
Net book value of loans and
borr
owings - 18 18 18 6 23
1 Please refer to note 4.3.16 'Loans to joint-ventures and associates' for presentation of the carrying amount of these loans in the Company's Consolidated
Statement of financial posit
ion.
Aggregated information on joint ventures and associates
2025 2024
Net result at 100% (9) 28
Reconciliation equity at 100 % with investment in associates and joint ventures
2025 2024
Equity at 100% 44 41
Partner ownership (21) (20)
Share in negative net equity r eclassification to loans to joint ventures
and associates - -
Investments in associates and joint ventures 23 21
4.3.30 INFORMATION ON NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
The Company has several joint
ly owned subsidiaries:
Entity name Partners
% of
ownership
Country
r
egistration
2025 main
r
eporting
segment Project name
Alfa Lula Alto S.à.r.l. Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha
61.00 Luxembourg Turnkey FPSO Cidade
de Marica
Alfa Lula Alto Holding Ltd. Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha
61.00 Bermuda Lease &
Operate
FPSO Cidade
de Marica
Alfa Lula Alto Operações
Marítimas Ltda.
Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha
61.00 Brazil Lease &
Operate
FPSO Cidade
de Marica
Alfa Lula Alto S.à r.l. (Brazilian
branche)
Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha
61.00 Brazil Lease &
Operate
FPSO Cidade
de Marica
Beta Lula Central S.à.r.l. Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha
61.00 Luxembourg Turnkey FPSO Cidade
de
Saquarema
Beta Lula Central Holding Ltd. Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha
61.00 Bermuda Lease &
Operate
FPSO Cidade
de
Saquarema
Beta Lula Central Operações
Marítimas Ltda.
Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha
61.00 Brazil Lease &
Operate
FPSO Cidade
de
Saquarema
Beta Lula Central S.à r.l. (Brazilian
branche)
Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha
61.00 Brazil Lease &
Operate
FPSO Cidade
de
Saquarema
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 279]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 279
Entity name Partners
% of
ownership
Country
r
egistration
2025 main
r
eporting
segment Project name
Tupi Nordeste S.à.r.l. Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha;
Itochu Corporat
ion
63.13 Luxembourg Lease &
Operate
FPSO Cidade
de Paraty
Tupi Nordeste Operações
Marítimas Ltda.
Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha;
Itochu Corporat
ion
63.13 Brazil Lease &
Operate
FPSO Cidade
de Paraty
Tupi Nordeste Holding Ltd. Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha;
Itochu Corporat
ion
63.13 Bermuda Lease &
Operate
FPSO Cidade
de Paraty
Tupi Nordeste S.à r.l. (Brazilian
branche)
Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha;
Itochu Corporat
ion
63.13 Bermuda Lease &
Operate
FPSO Cidade
de Paraty
Guara Norte S.à.r.l. Mitsubishi Corporation 75.00 Luxembourg Lease &
Operate
FPSO Cidade
de Ilhabela
Guara Norte Holding Ltd. Mitsubishi Corporation 75.00 Bermuda Lease &
Operate
FPSO Cidade
de Ilhabela
Guara Norte Operações Marítimas
Ltda.
Mitsubishi Corporation 75.00 Brazil Lease &
Operate
FPSO Cidade
de Ilhabela
Guara Norte S.à r.l. (Brazilian
branche)
Mitsubishi Corporation 75.00 Brazil Lease &
Operate
FPSO Cidade
de Ilhabela
Mero 2 Operacoes Maritima Ltd. Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha; China
Merchants Financial Leasing
51.00 Brazil Lease &
Operate
FPSO
Sepetiba
Mero 2 Operacoes Holding S.A. Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha; China
Merchants Financial Leasing
51.00 Switzerland Lease &
Operate
FPSO
Sepetiba
Mero 2 Owning B.V . Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha; China
Merchants Financial Leasing
51.00 The
Net
herlands
Lease &
Operate
FPSO
Sepetiba
Mero 2 B.V . Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha; China
Merchants Financial Leasing
51.00 The
Net
herlands
Lease &
Operate
FPSO
Sepetiba
MERO 2 B.V . (Brazilian Branch) Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha; China
Merchants Financial Leasing
51.00 The
Net
herlands
Lease &
Operate
FPSO
Sepetiba
YTSM JV S.A. CB&I Nederland B.V . 70.00 Switzerland Lease &
Operate
FPSO ONE
GUYANA
Tamandare Owning B.V . Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha
55.00 The
Net
herlands
Lease &
Operate
FPSO
Almirante
Tamandaré
Tamandare B.V . Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha
55.00 The
Net
herlands
Lease &
Operate
FPSO
Almirante
Tamandaré
Tamandare Operations Holding
S.A.
Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha
55.00 Switzerland Lease &
Operate
FPSO
Almirante
Tamandaré
Tamandaré Operações Marítimas
Ltda.
Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha
55.00 Brazil Lease &
Operate
FPSO
Almirante
Tamandaré
Tamandare BV (Brazilian Branch) Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha
55.00 Brazil Lease &
Operate
FPSO
Almirante
Tamandaré
MERO 4 BV (Brazilian Branch) Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha
55.00 Brazil Lease &
Operate
FPSO
Alexandre de
Gusmão
MERO 4 Owning B.V . Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha
55.00 The
Net
herlands
Lease &
Operate
FPSO
Alexandre de
Gusmão
MERO 4 B.V . Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha
55.00 The
Net
herlands
Lease &
Operate
FPSO
Alexandre de
Gusmão

[page 280]
280 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Entity name Partners
% of
ownership
Country
r
egistration
2025 main
r
eporting
segment Project name
Mero 4 Operations Holding S.A. Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha
55.00 Switzerland Lease &
Operate
FPSO
Alexandre de
Gusmão
Mero 4 Operações Marítimas Ltda. Mitsubishi Corporation; Nippon
Y
usen Kabushiki Kaisha
55.00 Brazil Lease &
Operate
FPSO
Alexandre de
Gusmão
Sonasing Xikomba Ltd. Angola Offshore Services
Limitada
60.00 Bermuda Lease &
Operate
N'Goma
FPSO
NOVA EAST WIND INC. Micantia Wind Inc - DP Global
Ener
gy Limited
90.00 Canada Turnkey Atlantic
Canada
Disposal of subsidiaries
On June 4, 2025, t
he Company announced it had signed a Share Purchase Agreement for the full divestment of the
Company’s equity interest in the lease and operating entities of FPSO Aseng to its partner GEPetrol. The Company’s exit
from Equatorial Guinea will take place following an operational transition phase lasting up to 12 months.
The transaction was completed in December 2025 and the Company recognized a loss of US$20 million upon completion,
included in ‘Other operating income/(expense)’.
In the 2025 consolidated cash flow statement, the transaction generated net cash outflows totaling US$(55) million including
US$(67) million from cash and cash equivalents derecognized, presented as cash flows from investing activities.
The carrying amounts of the derecognized assets and liabilities of the subsidiaries at the date of the transaction were:
in millions of US$
17 December
2025
Finance lease receivables 24
Trade debtors and other receivables 21
Cash and cash equivalents 67
Total assets 112
Trade and other payables 24
Total liabilities 24
Assets and liabilities derecognized 88
Transactions with non-controlling interests
The US$(25)mil
lion reported in the line ’Disposal of subsidiaries’ in 4.2.4 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity arises
from the derecognition of non-controlling interests following the Company’s divestment from the lease and operating
entities of FPSO Aseng.
The US$33 million reported in the line ’Transaction with non-controlling interests’ in 4.2.4 Consolidated Statement of
Changes in Equity mainly relates to:
• The impact of the full acquisition of the lease and operating entities related to 
FPSO Espirito Santo of US$33 million;
• Equity contributions towards investees made during the year, related to FPSO Sepetiba, FPSO Almirante Tamandaré and
FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão for a combined US$114 million and received share premium reserve reimbursements from
investees related to FPSO Sepetiba and FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão for a combined US$(112) million; partially offset by
• A US$2 million reattribution of dividends from non-controlling interests over Sonasing Xikomba Ltd.
As announced on September 6, 2024, the Company and its partner MISC Berhad signed share purchase agreements for the
total acquisition of MISC Berhad’s entire effective equity interest in the lease and operating entities related to 
FPSO Espirito
Santo in Brazil. The transaction was completed on January 31, 2025, following the completion of conditions precedent.
Consequently, the Company recognized a reduction of US$33 million in non-controlling interests, including US$2 million that
was reattributed to retained earnings.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 281]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 281
In 2024, the Company obtained control of Sonasing Xikomba Ltd. through the purchase of an additional 30% stake from
Sonangol, toget
her with a subsequent disposal of 20% to AOSL. Both transactions were considered linked transactions and
were therefore recognized as a single transaction, leading the Company to a final ownership position of 60% in 2024. The
transaction with AOSL was completed in December 2025, following the AOSL payment of US$43 million in consideration for
the 20% stake, presented in ’Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired’ in the consolidated cash flow statement and
with no impact on the Company’s equity or profit or loss in 2025.
Prior to completion of the transaction with AOSL, the percentage of dividends attributed to the subsidiary’s non-controlling
interests, presented in ‘Cash dividend’ in the Company’s consolidated statement of changes in equity, was based on
deemed ownership, while dividends were distributed to shareholders based on legal ownership. Accordingly, in 2025 an
amount of US$2 million was reattributed in equity from non-controlling interests to retained earnings (2024: US$27 million).
Financial information on non-controlling interests (NCI)
Included in the consolidated financial statements are the following items that represent the Company’s interest in the
revenues, assets and loans of the partially owned subsidiaries.
Figures are presented at 100% before elimination of intercompany transactions.
2025
Project name Place of business
Total
assets
Non-
curr
ent
assets Cash Loans
Non-
curr
ent
liabilities
Current
l
iabilities
Dividends
to NCI Revenue
FPSO Cidade de Marica Brazil 1,350 1,144 78 409 267 187 - 224
FPSO Cidade de
Saquarema Brazil 1,329 1,162 42 597 479 153 4 221
FPSO Cidade de Paraty Brazil 795 608 51 358 314 100 164 185
FPSO Cidade de
Ilhabela Brazil 1,143 961 52 620 565 94 17 212
FPSO Sepetiba Brazil 3,813 3,630 34 3,005 2,945 322 12 258
FPSO Almirante
Tamandaré Brazil 4,746 4,586 77 3,689 3,589 202 - 428
FPSO Alexandre de
Gusmão Brazil 4,920 4,682 119 3,817 3,682 325 - 734
FPSO ONE GUYANA Guyana 140 - 0 - - 70 3 395
Non material NCI 227 0 29 48 16 54 72 20
Total 100% 18,463 16,773 483 12,543 11,855 1,507 272 2,678

[page 282]
282 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
2024
Project name Place of business
Total
assets
Non-
curr
ent
assets Cash Loans
Non-
curr
ent
liabilities
Current
l
iabilities
Dividends
to NCI Revenue
FPSO Aseng / FPSO
Serpentina Equatorial Guinea 149 24 66 0 - 54 - 91
FPSO Espirito Santo Brazil 156 67 39 92 85 105 - 76
FPSO Cidade de Marica Brazil 1,441 1,244 71 544 410 962 10 236
FPSO Cidade de
Saquarema Brazil 1,419 1,262 32 712 603 728 8 236
FPSO Cidade de Paraty Brazil 929 773 20 - 2 907 32 170
FPSO Cidade de
Ilhabela Brazil 1,245 1,068 49 - 0 1,223 18 237
FPSO Sepetiba Brazil 4,462 3,749 43 3,126 3,080 575 - 267
FPSO Almirante
Tamandaré Brazil 3,377 119 24 1,497 1,508 118 - (1,648)
FPSO Alexandre de
Gusmão Brazil 2,343 87 25 1,215 1,359 147 - 717
FPSO ONE GUYANA Guyana 236 0 0 75 - 188 5 515
Non material NCI 25 5 2 3 3 9 - (0)
Total 100% 15,783 8,398 371 7,263 7,051 5,015 72 897
Reference is made to note 4.3.23 Borrowings and Lease Liabilities for a description of the bank interest-bearing loans and
ot
her borrowings per entity.
The risks associated with interests in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are described in section 4.3.27 Financial
Instruments – Fair Values and Risk Management. The risks identified are deemed to be inherent to the operations of the
Company as a whole and includes the risk profiles of interests in other entities.
Included in the consolidated financial statements are the following items that represent the aggregate contribution of the
partially owned subsidiaries to the Company consolidated financial statements:
Interest in non-controlling interest (summary)
2025 2024
Net result 186 61
Accumulated amount of NCI 2,076 2,225
Reconciliation equity at 100% with Non-controlling interests on partially owned subsidiaries
2025 2024
Equity at 100% 5,101 3,717
Company ownership (3,025) (1,492)
Accumulated amount of NCI 2,076 2,225
4.3.31 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
During 2025, t
he Company and its non-controlling interests made equity contributions towards investees related to FPSOs
Sepetiba, Almirante Tamandaré, and Alexandre de Gusmão (combined US$250 million) and received share premium reserve
reimbursement from investees related to FPSO Sepetiba and FPSO Alexandre de Gusmão (combined US$246 million). There
were no other major related party transactions requiring additional disclosure in the consolidated financial statements.
For relations with Supervisory Board members, Management Board members and other key personnel, reference is made to
note 4.3.6 Employee Benefit Expenses.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 283]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 283
The Company has transactions with joint ventures and associates which are recognized as follows in the Company’s
consol
idated financial statements:
Related party transactions
Note 2025 2024
Revenue - 184
Cost of sales (20) (29)
Loans to joint ventures and associates 4.3.16 6 6
Trade receivables 2 12
Trade payables 4 0
The Company has granted loans to joint ventures and associates, such as shareholder loans and funding loans, at rates
comparable to t
he applicable market rates.
During the period, the Company entered into trading transactions with joint ventures and associates on terms equivalent to
those that prevail in arm’s-length transactions.
The decrease in ’Revenue with related parties’ and ’Trade receivables’ is mostly due to ownership changes for entities fully or
mostly excluded in 2025, namely the mid-2024 acquisition of interests held by Sonangol related to FPSOs N’Goma,
Saxi Batuque and Mondo, and the full divestment in early 2025 of the Company's interests in FPSO Kikeh.
Additional information regarding the joint ventures and associates is available in note 4.3.29 Investment in Associates and
Joint Arrangements.
4.3.32 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S FEES AND SERVICES
Auditor fees included in ’Other operating costs’ are the agreed fees with Deloitte, the Company’s external independent
auditor in 2025 and 2024, are summarized as follows:
in thousands of US$ 2025 2024
Audit of financial statements 4,214 4,030
Out of which:
- invoiced by Deloitte Accountants B.V . 2,655 2,941
- invoiced by Deloitte network firms 1,559 1,089
Tax advisory services by Deloitte network firms 60 17
Other assurance services by Deloitte network firms 303 308
Total 4,577 4,355
Total audit fees increased mainly due to the new scope of the audit of financial statements, also fol lowing the award of new
projects for the company and the increased regulatory environment relating to tax.
In both 2025 and 2024, the other assurance services were mainly related to the review of the Company sustainability report.
No other non-assurance services were conducted, other than the ones already disclosed.

[page 284]
284 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
4.3.33 EVENTS AFTER END OF REPORTING PERIOD
DIVIDEND AND SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAM
The Company has r
evised its dividend policy to include dividend payments on a semi-annual basis. The Company’s
shareholder return policy is to maintain a stable annual cash return to shareholders which grows over time, with flexibility for
the Company to make such cash return in the form of cash dividend, paid semi-annually, and the repurchase of shares.
Determination of the annual cash return is based on the Company’s assessment of its underlying cash flow position. The
Company prioritizes a stable cash distribution to shareholders and funding of growth projects, with the option to apply
surplus capital towards incremental cash returns to shareholders.
As a result, following review of its liquidity position and forecast, the Company intends to pay US$2.57 per share13 through a
US$270 million (EUR227 million equivalent14) share repurchase program and a proposed US$200m in aggregate dividend15
(EUR169 million equivalent or US$1.17 per share6). The Company proposes a US$100m dividend for the year 2025 and a
US$100 million dividend in aggregate for the first half year 202616.
This represents an increase in total cash return of 57% compared with 2025. The objective of the share buyback program
would be to reduce share capital and provide shares for regular management and employee share programs (maximum
US$30 million). Shares repurchased as part of the cash return will be cancelled.
FPSO ONE GUYANA PURCHASE BY EXXONMOBIL GUYANA COMPLETED
On February 4, 2026, the Company and ExxonMobil Guyana Ltd, an affiliate of Exxon Mobil Corporation, announced they
have completed the transaction related to the purchase of FPSO 
ONE GUYANA, ahead of the maximum lease term which
would have expired in August 2027. The purchase allows ExxonMobil Guyana to assume ownership of the unit while the
Company will continue to operate and maintain the FPSO up to 2035.
The transaction comprises a total cash consideration of c. US$2.32 billion. The net cash proceeds have been primarily used
for the full repayment of the US$1.74 billion project financing and as such materially decreased SBM Offshore’s net debt
position.
As detailed in note 4.3.1 Financial Highlights, under IFRS the financial lease receivable for FPSO ONE GUYANA and the
related project financing liability were both remeasured and presented fully as current in the 2025 financial statements
reflecting the expected purchase of the vessel in February 2026. As such, the purchase will not have a material impact in the
Company's consolidated income statement in 2026.
13 Pr o-forma calculation based on the total number of ordinary shares issued and fully paid at December 31, 2025. Actual dividend amount per share depends on
number of shares entitled to dividend.
14 Based on the EUR/US$ forward exchange rate on February 18, 2026.
15 US$200m total dividend is the equivalent of EUR169 million based on the EUR/US$ forward exchange rate on February 18, 2026. Dividends will be paid in Euro.
16 The interim dividend is subject to final resolution and is payable after publication of the HY 2026 results.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 285]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 285
4.4 COMP ANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
4.4.1 COMPANY BALANCE SHEET
Company balance sheet
Before appropriation of pr ofit Notes 31 December 2025 31 December 2024
ASSETS
Financial fixed assets 4.5.1 4,409 3,592
Total fixed assets 4,409 3,592
Receivables 4.5.2 5 33
Cash and cash equivalents 4.5.3 3 5
Total current assets 8 38
TOTAL ASSETS 4,417 3,630
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity attributable to shareholders
Issued share capital 50 46
Share premium reserve 1,007 1,007
Treasury shares (64) (31)
Legal reserves
4.5.4 1,750 1,921
Statutory reserves 4.5.4 26 26
Retained earnings 4.5.4 714 499
Profit of t he year 4.4.2 922 150
Shareholders' equity 4.5.4 4,406 3,619
Other provisions 4.5.5 - 1
Other non-current liabilities - -
Total provisions - 1
Current liabilities 4.5.6 10 9
Total current liabilities 10 9
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 4,417 3,630

[page 286]
286 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
4.4.2 COMPANY INCOME STATEMENT
Company income statement
For the years ended 31 December Note 2025 2024
Revenue 4.5.7 3 5
General and administrative expenses 4.5.8 (35) (39)
Operating pr ofit/(loss) (EBIT) (32) (34)
Other operating expense 0 0
Financial income 4.5.9 0 1
Financial expenses 4.5.9 (1) (0)
Profit/(Loss) befor e income tax (33) (34)
Income tax expense 4.5.10 2 (1)
Result of Group companies 4.5.1 953 185
Profit/(Loss) after income tax 922 150
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 287]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 287
4.4.3 GENERAL
The Company financial statements ar
e part of the 2025 financial statements of SBM Offshore N.V . Reference is made to
section 4.2.6 General Information for additional details on the Company.
SBM Offshore N.V . costs mainly comprise management activities and the cost of the headquarters office at Schiphol, of
which part is recharged to Group companies.
PRINCIPLES FOR THE MEASUREMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AND THE DETERMINATION OF THE
RESULT
The stand-alone financial statements were prepared in accordance with the statutory provisions of Part 9, Book 2 of the
Dutch Civil Code and the firm pronouncements in the Dutch Accounting Standards, as published by the Dutch Accounting
Standards Board (‘Raad voor de Jaarverslaggeving’). SBM Offshore N.V . uses the option provided in section 2:362 (8) of the
Dutch Civil Code in that the principles for the recognition and measurement of assets and liabilities and determination of
result (hereinafter referred to as principles for recognition and measurement) of the separate financial statements of
SBM Offshore N.V . are the same as those applied for the consolidated financial statements. These principles also include the
classification and presentation of financial instruments, being equity instruments or financial liabilities. The consolidated
financial statements are prepared according to the standards set by the International Accounting Standards Board and
adopted by the European Union (referred to as EU-IFRS). Reference is made to the notes to the consolidated financial
statements (‘4.2.7 Accounting Principles’) for a description of these principles.
Investments in group companies, over which control is exercised, are stated on the basis of the net asset value. In the event
that 20% or more of the voting rights can be exercised, it may be assumed there is control.
Results on transactions, involving the transfer of assets and liabilities between SBM Offshore N.V. and its participating
interests or between participating interests themselves, are not incorporated insofar as they are deemed to be unrealized.
Taxation information, including deferred tax assets and income tax expense, is presented in note 4.5.1.2 Deferred tax assets
and 4.5.10 Income tax expense.

[page 288]
288 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
4.5 NOTES TO THE COMP ANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
4.5.1 FINANCIAL FIXED ASSETS
4.5.1.1 INVESTMENT IN GROUP COMPANIES
The movements in the item Investment in Group companies are as follows:
2025 2024
Investments net value at 1 January 3,592 3,701
Result of Group companies 953 185
Dividends received (324) (258)
Other changes1 178 (36)
Foreign currency variations 10 (0)
Movements 817 (110)
Investments net value at 31 December 4,409 3,592
1 Mainly relates to Cash flow hedges and transact ion with non-controlling interests (please refer to note 4.2.4 'Company's Consolidated Statement of changes
in equity).
An overview of the information on principal subsidiary undertakings required under articles 2: 379 of the Dutch Civil Code is
given below
. The subsidiaries of SBM Offshore N.V . are the following (all of which are 100% owned):
• SBM Offshore Holding B.V ., Amsterdam, The Netherlands
• SBM Holding Inc. S.A., Marly, Switzerland
• SBM Holding Luxembourg S.à.r.l, Luxembourg, Luxembourg
• SBM Schiedam B.V ., Rotterdam, The Netherlands
• SBM Holland B.V ., Rotterdam, The Netherlands
• FPSO Capixaba Holding B.V ., ’s-Gravenhage, The Netherlands
4.5.1.2 DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
SBM Offshore N.V . is head of a fiscal unity in which all Dutch entities are included, except for the entities that are held by
SBM Holding Inc. S.A. and the joint venture entities. For more details refer to note 4.4.3 General. The movement in deferred
tax assets is as follows:
2025 2024
Deferred tax at 1 January - -
Deferred tax effect on unrecognized tax losses for current year (0) 1
Provision for unrecognized losses carried forward (decrease/increase of
valuat
ion allowance) 0 (1)
Deferred tax effect on unrecognized tax losses in respect of prior year(s) 0 -
Movements - -
Deferred tax at 31 December - -
As of year-end 2025 the Company has re-assessed the recoverability of the deferred tax asset and the valuation allowance of
curr
ent tax losses of the fiscal unity. As a result, no net deferred tax asset has been recognized (2024: nil).
4.5.2 RECEIVABLES
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Trade receivables 1 0
Amounts owed by Group companies 2 31
Other debtors 2 2
Total 5 33
The receivables fall due in less than one year. The fair value of the receivables reasonably approximates the book value, due
to t
heir short-term character.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 289]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 289
As at December 31, 2025, the Company has a receivable due from SBM Holding Inc. S.A. (the cash pool leader of
SBM Of
fshore group) amounting to US$2 million (2024: US$31 million). The lending conditions applied to the outstanding
amounts between the cash pool leader and the Company are as follows:
• Fixed fee: The cash pool leader charges a handling fee of 0.075% (2024: 0.075%) to the Company; and
• Interest rate: Any receivable and payable balance that is outstanding for more than 90 days is subject to an interest rate of
2.50% (2024: 2.50%). Depending on whether it is a receivable or a payable balance, it will be either in favor of the
Company or in favor of the cash pool leader.
Intercompany receivable from group companies outside of the cash pool are free of interest. In respect of repayment, no
formal agreements have been made.
4.5.3 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalents are at SBM Offshore N.V .’s free disposal.
4.5.4 SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
The shareholders’ equity in the parent company financial statements equals the equity attributable to common shareholders
presented in the consolidated financial statements, except for legal and statutory reserves. The currency translation reserve,
cash flow hedging reserve, capitalized development expenditure and investees equity non-distributable reserve are legal
reserves that are required by Dutch law. Furthermore, on the statutory reserves, pursuant to the Company’s Articles of
Association, a ’Protective Preference Shares’ reserve is required to be maintained by the Company.
Legal reserve
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Investees equity non-distributable 1,488 1,710
Capitalized development expenditure 46 166
Translation reserve (72) (70)
Cash flow hedges 287 115
Legal reserve at 31 December 1,750 1,921
The ‘Investees equity non-distributable’ legal reserve relates mainly to non-distributable pr ofits generated by the co-owned
entities (refer to note 4.3.29 Investment in Associates and Joint Arrangements and 4.3.30 Information on Non-controlling
Interests). The agreed principle in the applicable shareholders’ agreements is that the shareholders shall procure that any
available reserves are distributable after paying any expenses due and taking into account co-owned entity and applicable
legal requirements. However, as unanimous decision of shareholders agreements in most of the co-owned entities is
required to distribute the profits generated, the equity of these entities is classified as a non-distributable reserve under
Dutch guidelines for financial reporting. On a regular basis, the Company ensures that dividends are approved by the
partners and distributed accordingly to the shareholders.
Legal reserve for investees equity non-distributable
2025 2024
Balance at 1 January 1,710 1,747
Movements in financial year (222) (37)
Balance at 31 December 1,488 1,710

[page 290]
290 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Legal reserve for capitalized development expenditure
2025 2024
Balance at 1 January 166 142
Additions 34 33
Disposals - (4)
Amortization (5) (5)
Foreign currency variation 0 (0)
Other movements (148) (0)
Balance at 31 December 46 166
’Other movements’ in 2025 mainly relate to the r eclassification of costs capitalized during the design and implementation of
the new global ERP system, as disclosed in 4.3.14 Intangible Assets.
The legal reserve for ’investees equity non-distributable’ and ’capitalized development expenditure’ are formed by
withdrawal from the distributable retained earnings. In the event of depreciation or impairment, the capitalized development
expenditure will be reduced by adding it to the retained earnings reserves in the amount of the depreciation or impairment.
If either the currency translation reserve or the cash flow hedging reserve has a negative balance, distributions from the
retained earnings cannot be made to the Company’s shareholders equivalent to the amount of that negative balance.
Statutory reserve
The Management Board, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, has granted a call option to Stichting Continuïteit
SBM Offshore to acquire a number of preference shares. As of October 1, 2022, and with reference to articles 5.5 and 5.6 of
the Articles of Association of the Company, a ’Protective Preference Shares’ reserve amounting to US$26 million (2024: US$26
million) was created at the expense of the share premium reserve at the level of the Company. If and when Stichting
Continuiteït SBM Offshore were to exercise the call option to acquire preference shares, these preference shares may also be
paid-up from the reserve of the Company. In addition to the legal reserves, distributions to the Company’s shareholders are
restricted to the amount of the statutory reserves.
Retained earnings
The ’Retained earnings’ also includes the ’IFRS 2 share-based payments’ amounting to US$32 million (2024: US$25 million).
The ’IFRS 2 share-based payments’ granted but still unvested are non-distributable by nature.
The Company’s total equity, as at December 31, 2025, is US$4,406 million, out of which US$1,750 million relates to legal
reserves and US$26 million relates to the statutory reserves (December 31, 2024: Total equity of US$3,619 million, out of
which US$1,921 million relates to legal reserves and US$26 million relates to the statutory reserves). For more information on
the dividends on common shares, reference is made to note 4.3.12 Dividends paid and proposed.
For an explanation of the shareholders’ equity, reference is made to note 4.2.4 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
and note 4.3.22 Equity Attributable to Shareholders.
PROPOSED APPROPRIATION OF RESULT
With the approval of the Supervisory Board, it is proposed that the result shown in SBM Offshore N.V . income statement be
appropriated as follows (in US$):
Appropriation of result
2025
Profit/(Loss) at tributable to shareholders 922
In accordance with note 4.7.1 to be transferred to the 'Retained earnings' 922
At the disposal of the General Meeting -
It is proposed that US$100 million17 of r etained earnings is distributed among the shareholders. Please refer to note 4.3.33
Events After End of Reporting Period.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 291]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 291
4.5.5 OTHER PROVISIONS
On June 21, 2022, t
he district court in Rotterdam delivered its decision in the case between the Company and the AFM
(Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets) relating to certain public disclosures made by the Company in the period from
2012-2014. The court has honored the position of the Company in relation to two disclosures and reduced the fine to EUR1
million.
On August 1, 2022, the AFM filed an appeal with the Trade and Industry Appeals Tribunal (College van Beroep voor het
bedrijfsleven, CBb) against the Rotterdam District Court’s ruling in respect of alleged violations 1 and 2 (the principal
appeal). On January 5, 2023, SBM Offshore filed its response to the AFM‘s appeal and additionally, filed an appeal with the
Trade and Industry Appeals Tribunal against the Rotterdam District Court’s ruling in respect of alleged violations 3 and 4
(theincidental appeal). On May 25, 2023, the AFM filed its reply to SBM Offshore’s appeal. The hearing of AFM’s appeal and
SBM Offshore’s appeal took place before the CBb on September 19, 2024.
The CBb issued its decision on February 18, 2025 and dismissed the appeal of the AFM and partially granted the Company’s
incidental appeal. The CBb found that the Company failed only to promptly disclose inside information on one occasion.
The fine has been further reduced to EUR675,000. The decision of the CBb is not open for appeal and therefore is final and
binding upon the parties. The Company has paid the fine during 2025 concluding the matter.
Other provisions
2025 2024
Balance at 1 January 1 1
Additions - -
Utilized (1) -
Foreign currency variation 0 (0)
Other movements (0) -
Balance at 31 December - 1
of which :
Non-current portion - -
Current portion - 1
4.5.6 CURRENT LIABILITIES
31 December 2025 31 December 2024
Trade payables 1 0
Wage tax and social security costs 0 0
Income tax payables 1 1
Other liabilities 8 8
Total 10 9
The current liabilities fall due in less than one year. The fair value of other current liabilities approximates the book value, due
to t
heir short-term character.
4.5.7 REVENUE
The revenue comprises management fees charged to Group company Single Buoy Moorings Inc. which is the main EPC
contractor.
4.5.8 GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
2025 2024
Employee Benefits (28) (27)
Other costs (7) (12)
Total (35) (39)
17 Includes t he dividend amount related to 2025 only.

[page 292]
292 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
The employee benefits include t he Management Board remuneration and recharge of other personnel costs at the
headquarters, as well as share-based payments for the entire Group. For further details on the Management Board
remuneration, reference is made to note 4.3.6 Employee Benefit Expenses.
The other costs include audit fees, legal, compliance and investor relation costs. For the audit fees reference is made to note
4.3.32 Independent Auditor’s Fees and Services.
4.5.9 FINANCIAL INCOME AND EXPENSES
The financial income and expenses relate mainly to foreign currency results and interest charged to and by Group companies
to SBM Offshore N.V .
4.5.10 INCOME TAX EXPENSE
The numerical reconciliation between the applicable and effective tax rate is as follows:
2025 2024
Result before tax of the Company for current year (33) (34)
Corporate income tax against applicable rate (25.8%) 8 9
Results allocated by the members to the Company for current year (3) (2)
Non-deductible costs (6) (6)
Adjustments in respect of prior year(s) 2 -
Other adjustments - (1)
Deferred tax effect on unrecognized tax losses for current year 0 (1)
Total corporate income tax 2 (1)
Effective corporate income tax rate 5% (3%)
The Company is the head of the fiscal unity for t he Dutch corporate income tax (refer to 4.5.11 Commitments and
Contingencies), where the Company will bear the burden of the corporate income tax charge, based on the taxable income
of the fiscal unity, taking into account the losses available for set-off from the previous financial years, exempt profit
components and after the addition of non-deductible costs that are attributable to the Netherlands.
The applicable Dutch corporate income tax rate for taxable income up to EUR200 thousand (2024: EUR200 thousand) is 19%
(2024: 19%) and 25.8% (2024: 25.8%) for profits that exceed EUR200 thousand (2024: EUR200 thousand). The effective
corporate income tax rate for the current year is 5% whereas the prior year rate was (3%). The variance in the effective
corporate income tax rate compared with the prior year period is mainly due to adjustments in respect of prior year tax and
the increased results allocated by the members to the Company for the current year. In addition, ’Other adjustments’ in the
prior year tax provision are in relation to the estimated impact of top-up taxes arising under the GloBe rules.
4.5.11 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
COMPANY GUARANTEES
SBM Offshore N.V . has issued a limited number of parent company guarantees with respect to long-term lease/operate
contracts which have all been signed prior to 2010. Please refer to note 4.3.26 Commitments and Contingencies.
FISCAL UNITY
SBM Offshore N.V . is head of a fiscal unity in which all Dutch entities are included, except for the entities that are held by
SBM Holding Inc. S.A. and the joint venture entities. All tax liabilities and tax assets are transferred to the fiscal unity parent,
however all members of the fiscal unity can be held liable for all tax liabilities concerning the fiscal unity.
Corporate income tax is levied at the head of the fiscal unity, based on the fiscal results allocated by the members to
SBM Offshore N.V ., taking into account an allocation of the benefits of the fiscal unity to the different members. The
settlement amount, if any, is equal to the corporate income tax charge included in the Company income statement.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 293]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 293
4.5.12 DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
For furt
her details on the Directors remuneration, reference is made to note 4.3.6 Employee Benefit Expenses of the
consolidated financial statements.
4.5.13 NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES
There were no employees during the current year (2024: none).
4.5.14 INDEPENDENT AUDIT FEES
For the audit fees relating to the procedures applied to SBM Offshore N.V . and its consolidated group entities by accounting
firms and an external independent auditor, reference is made to note 4.3.32 Independent Auditor’s Fees and Services of the
consolidated financial statements.
4.5.15 EVENTS AFTER END OF REPORTING PERIOD
For information about the subsequent events, reference is made to section 4.3.33 Events After End of Reporting Period of
the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
Schiphol, the Netherlands
February 25, 2026
Management Board
Øivind Tangen, Chief Executive Officer
Douglas Wood, Chief Financial Officer
Supervisory Board
Roeland Baan, Chair
Ingelise Arntsen, Vice-Chair
Lucia de Andrade
Allard Castelein
Denise Dettingmeijer
Patrick Jager

[page 294]
294 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
4.6 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPOR T
To: the shareholders and the Supervisory Board of SBM Offshore N.V .
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2025 INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
OUR OPINION
We have audited the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 of SBM Offshore N.V ., based in Amsterdam,
the Netherlands (the “Financial Statements”). The Financial Statements comprise the consolidated and company financial
statements.
In our opinion:
• The accompanying consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of SBM Offshore
N.V . (the “Company”) as at December 31, 2025, and of its result and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2025
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (“EU-IFRS”) and with
Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.
• The accompanying company financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of SBM Offshore N.V . as
at December 31, 2025, and of its result for the year ended December 31, 2025 in accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the
Dutch Civil Code.
The consolidated financial statements comprise:
1. The consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31, 2025.
2. The following statements for the year ended December 31, 2025: the consolidated income statement, the consolidated
statements of comprehensive income and changes in equity, and the consolidated cash flow statement.
3. The notes comprising material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.
The company financial statements comprise:
1. The company balance sheet as at December 31, 2025.
2. The company income statement for the year ended December 31, 2025.
3. The notes comprising a summary of the accounting policies and other explanatory information.
BASIS FOR OUR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Dutch law, including the Dutch Standards on Auditing. Our responsibilities
under those standards are further described in the ’Our responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Statements’ section of
our report.
An immediate family member of a specialist supporting the audit team held 154 shares in the Company at the time the
specialist performed a total of 4 hours of audit work during 2025. This situation constitutes a breach of article 31 of the
Verordening inzake de onafhankelijkheid van accountants bij assurance-opdrachten (“ViO”, Dutch Regulation on Auditor
Independence). Upon identifying the breach, we immediately suspended our audit work and implemented measures to
address the issue. We promptly discussed the matter with the Chief Financial Officer and the Chair of the Audit Committee
of the Company. We concluded, based on our assessment of the impact of the breach on our objectivity, integrity and
impartiality, that we could continue as the Company’s auditor. Only then did we resume our audit services.
Considering the foregoing, we are independent of SBM Offshore N.V . in accordance with the EU Regulation on specific
requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities, the Wet toezicht accountantsorganisaties (Wta, Audit firms
supervision act), the Verordening inzake de onafhankelijkheid van accountants bij assurance-opdrachten (ViO, Code of Ethics
for Professional Accountants, a regulation with respect to independence) and other relevant independence regulations in the
Netherlands. Furthermore, we have complied with the Verordening gedrags- en beroepsregels accountants (VGBA, Dutch
Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants).
We believe the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 295]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 295
INFORMATION IN SUPPORT OF OUR OPINION
W
e designed our audit procedures in the context of our audit of the Financial Statements as a whole and in forming our
opinion thereon. The following information in support of our opinion was addressed in this context, and we do not provide a
separate opinion or conclusion on these matters.
Materiality
Based on our professional judgment we determined the materiality for the Financial Statements as a whole at USD 35
million. The materiality is based on approximately 3% of profit before tax. We have also taken into account misstatements
and/or possible misstatements that in our opinion are material for the users of the Financial Statements for qualitative
reasons.
We agreed with the Supervisory Board that uncorrected misstatements with an impact on (i) profit before tax in excess of
USD 3 million and (ii) presentation in excess of USD 10 million which are identified during the audit, would be reported to
them, as well as smaller misstatements that in our view must be reported on qualitative grounds.
Scope of the group audit
SBM Offshore N.V . is at the head of a group of companies. The financial information of this group is included in the
consolidated financial statements of SBM Offshore N.V .
Because we are ultimately responsible for the opinion, we are also responsible for directing, supervising and performing the
group audit. In this respect, we determined the nature, timing and extent of the audit procedures to be carried out for group
entities. Decisive were the size and/or the risk profile of the group entities or operations. On this basis, we selected group
entities for which an audit or review had to be carried out on the complete set of financial information or specific items.
The Financial Statements are a combination of:
• Consolidated reporting entities, comprising the Company’s operating subsidiaries, joint operations and centralized
functions.
• Unconsolidated reporting entities, comprising operations structured under joint control with unrelated parties (joint
ventures) and where the Company exercises significant influence (associates); all accounted for under the equity method.
In establishing the overall group audit strategy and plan, we determined the type of work that needed to be performed at
the reporting entities by the group engagement team and by component auditors from other Deloitte member firms
working under our instruction. Where the work was performed by component auditors, we determined the level of
involvement we needed to have in the audit work at those reporting entities so as to be able to conclude whether sufficient
appropriate audit evidence has been obtained as a basis for our opinion on the Financial Statements as a whole. For each
reporting entity we determined whether we required an audit of their complete financial information or whether other
procedures would be sufficient.
All components have been audited on the basis of specific account balances audit instructions communicated by the group
engagement team to local audit teams in Switzerland and Portugal. The account balances included in these instructions have
enabled the group audit team to achieve the following coverage on the financial statement line items:
Consolidated audit coverage
Audit coverage of revenue 98%
Audit coverage of total assets 99%
Audit coverage of pr
 ofit before tax 95%
The Company’s consolidation, Financial Statements disclosures and a number of specific items wer e audited by the group
engagement team. These include e.g. impairment testing, audit of revenue from construction contracts and related contract
assets, audit of finance lease receivables and related interest revenue, audit of provisions, general IT controls testing and the
audit of tax positions. Specialists were involved among others in the areas of treasury, pensions, information technology, tax,
accounting, and valuation. We conducted visits to the (auditors of the) following locations: (i) The Netherlands, (ii) Portugal,
and (iii) Brazil. In addition, the group engagement team, among others, held audit planning calls with all the individual
component auditors and participated at a minimum in the component auditor closing calls. For selected component
auditors we conducted (remote) file reviews to evaluate the work performed and to assess their findings.

[page 296]
296 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
By performing the procedures mentioned above at components, together with additional procedures at group level, we
have been able to obtain sufficient and appr
opriate audit evidence about the Company’s financial information to provide an
opinion on the Financial Statements.
Audit approach fraud risks
Description
An auditor conducting an audit in accordance with Dutch Standards on Auditing is responsible for obtaining reasonable
assurance that the Financial Statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether caused by fraud or error.
Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that some material misstatement of the Financial
Statements may not be detected. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
internal control.
We identified and assessed the risks of material misstatements of the Financial Statements due to fraud. During our audit,
we obtained an understanding of the Company and its environment and the components of the system of internal control,
including the risk assessment process and management's process for responding to the risks of fraud and monitoring the
system of internal control and how the Supervisory Board exercises oversight, as well as the outcomes.
We evaluated the design and relevant aspects of the system of internal control and in particular the fraud risk assessment, as
well as among others the code of conduct, whistle blower procedures and incident registration.
We evaluated the design and the implementation and, where considered appropriate, tested the operating effectiveness, of
internal controls designed to mitigate fraud risks.
As part of our process of identifying fraud risks, we evaluated fraud risk factors with respect to financial reporting fraud,
misappropriation of assets and bribery and corruption in close co-operation with our forensic specialists.
We evaluated whether these factors indicate that a risk of material misstatement due to fraud is present.
We identified the following fraud risks:
1. management override of controls
2. revenue recognition Turnkey
3. risk of bribery and corruption
Below we have summarized our related procedures.
Management override of controls
We have identified the inherent risk that management is in a unique position to perpetrate fraud because of management’s
ability to manipulate accounting records by overriding controls and more specifically:
• Journal entries and other manual adjustments made during the preparation of the Financial Statements.
• The use of estimates including high level of judgement and assumptions subject to management bias.
• Significant transactions outside the normal course of business for the group.
During our audit, we have:
a. Evaluated the design and implementation of the relevant internal controls mitigating the risk of management override of
controls in combination with the underlying general information technology controls and application controls.
b. Considered available information and made enquiries of relevant executives, directors (including internal audit, legal,
compliance, group control, and regional directors) and the Supervisory Board.
c. Performed journal entry testing audit procedures, using selected criteria of investigation.
d. Evaluated whether the selection and application of accounting policies by the Company, particularly those related to
subjective measurements and complex transactions, may be indicative of fraudulent financial reporting.
e. Evaluated, for selected significant transactions such as the divestment of the Company’s equity interest in the lease and
operating entities of the 
FPSO Aseng to its partner GEPetrol and the sale and leaseback financing agreement for FPSO
Cidade de Paraty, whether the business rationale of the transactions suggests that they may have been entered into to
engage in fraudulent financial reporting or to conceal misappropriation of assets.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 297]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 297
Based on our audit procedures performed, we did not identify instances or suspicions of fraud due to management override
of contr
ols.
Revenue recognition – Turnkey
We have identified the risk that the revenue recognition related to Turnkey (construction contracts) is materially misstated
due to fraud, pinpointed to the estimates and judgments (measurement of progress, estimates of cost-to-complete and
assessment of risks and contingencies) involved.
As part of our audit procedures, we have obtained an understanding of the control environment of the Company including
an evaluation of the design and implementation of relevant internal controls mitigating the risk of material misstatement for
Turnkey revenue. Project revenues are recognized over-time using the percentage of completion method.
When performing our substantive audit procedures, we have evaluated the main sources of estimates and judgements in the
determination of the percentage of completion of each project in our scope by:
a. Performing test of details on the cost incurred to ensure the accuracy and cut-off of the costs recognized per project.
b. Evaluating management’s estimate of costs-to-complete, which includes construction activities, engineering activities,
offshore commissioning and installation, supply chain logistics, and any activities required to reach operational
readiness, e.g. by obtaining audit evidence corroborating the relevant assumptions.
c. Assessing the completeness, accuracy, and likelihood of occurrence of contingencies including risks and opportunities
that may arise during the project lifecycle.
d. Evaluating the impact of budget variances and contracts modifications on the progress status of projects and the scope
of work to be performed.
Based on our audit procedures performed, we did not identify instances or suspicions of fraud related to the Turnkey
revenue recognition.
Risk of bribery and corruption
The Company operates in countries with elevated risks of bribery and corruption. Therefore, we have identified the risk of
fraud due to bribery and corruption, pinpointed to counterparty risk on new customers, suppliers, joint venture partners and
other related parties or intermediaries.
During the planning and interim phase of our audit, we have assessed the control environment including the design and
implementation of relevant internal controls mitigating this risk. Further, during the final phase of our audit, we:
a. Assessed internal controls related to reviewing of supplier and customers for high-risk individuals such as politically
exposed persons.
b. Held discussions with management and the Management and Supervisory Boards with regards to any identified or
suspected potential frauds and/or non-compliance with laws and regulations.
c. Assessed new customers, suppliers, joint venture partners and other related parties or intermediaries to identify
potential politically exposed persons or sanctioned individuals.
d. Assessed whether transactions with new customers or suppliers were agreed based on the arm’s length principles.
e. Assessed details of donations, if applicable, and operating expenses in relation to unusual recipients and contractors.
f. Reviewed internal audit and speak up reports to identify potential cases of suspected fraud or non-compliance.
g. Assessed the presence of transactions with sanctioned parties or cash-restricted government entities and the
compliance with laws and regulation of such transactions.
h. Involved forensic specialists in assessing customers and suppliers for potential fraud risk characteristics, such as
politically exposed persons.
i. Performed specific journal entry testing, including key word searches for any indication of bribery or corruption.
Based on our audit procedures performed, we did not identify instances or suspicions of fraud due to bribery and corruption.
Additional procedures in relation to fraud risks
In addition to the procedures summarized above related to the identified significant fraud risks, we also:
a. Incorporated elements of unpredictability in our audit.
b. Considered the outcome of our other audit procedures and evaluated whether any findings were indicative of fraud or
non-compliance.

[page 298]
298 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
c. Considered available information and made enquiries of relevant executives, directors, internal audit, legal counsel and
t
he Supervisory Board.
d. Evaluated whether the judgments and decisions made by management in making the accounting estimates included in
the Financial Statements indicate a possible bias that may represent a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.
Management insights, estimates and assumptions that might have a major impact on the Financial Statements are
disclosed in paragraph 4.2.7, B (a) ‘Use of estimates and judgment’ of the Financial Statements. We performed a
retrospective review of management judgments and assumptions related to significant accounting estimates reflected in
prior year’s financial statements.
Based on our audit procedures performed, we did not identify any other fraud risks.
Audit approach compliance with laws and regulations
We assessed the laws and regulations relevant to the Company through discussion with management, the Supervisory Board
and others within the Company, reading minutes of the relevant management bodies and reports of internal audit.
We involved our forensic specialists in this evaluation.
As a result of our risk assessment procedures, and while realizing that the effects from non-compliance could considerably
vary, we considered the following laws and regulations: (i) (corporate) tax law, (ii) the requirements under EU-IFRS and (iii) Part
9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code with a direct effect on the Financial Statements as an integrated part of our audit
procedures, to the extent material for the Financial Statements.
We obtained sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding provisions of those laws and regulations generally recognized
to have a direct effect on the Financial Statements.
Apart from these, the Company is subject to other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance could
have a material effect on amounts and/or disclosures in the Financial Statements, for instance, through imposing fines or
litigation.
Given the nature of the Company’s business and the complexity of these other laws and regulations, there is a risk of non-
compliance with the requirements of such laws and regulations . In addition, we considered major laws and regulations
applicable to listed companies.
Our procedures are more limited with respect to these laws and regulations that do not have a direct effect on the
determination of the amounts and disclosures in the Financial Statements. Compliance with these laws and regulations may
be fundamental to the operating aspects of the business, to the Company's ability to continue its business, or to avoid
material penalties (e.g., compliance with the terms of operating licenses and permits or compliance with environmental
regulations) and therefore non-compliance with such laws and regulations may have a material effect on the Financial
Statements. Our responsibility is limited to undertaking specified audit procedures to help identify non-compliance with
those laws and regulations that may have a material effect on the Financial Statements.
Our procedures are limited to (i) inquiry of management, the Supervisory Board, the Management Board and others within
the Company as to whether the Company is in compliance with such laws and regulations and (ii) inspecting
correspondence, if any, with the relevant licensing or regulatory authorities to help identify non-compliance with those laws
and regulations that may have a material effect on the Financial Statements.
Naturally, we remained alert to indications of (suspected) non-compliance throughout the audit.
Finally, we obtained written representations that all known instances of (suspected) fraud or non-compliance with laws and
regulations have been disclosed to us.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 299]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 299
Audit approach going concern
Descript
ion
Management is responsible to assess the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern and disclose in the Financial
Statements any events or circumstances that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going
concern.
As described in chapter 2.8 of the annual report, the Management Board confirms to the best of their knowledge that, given
the current circumstances, the Financial Statements for 2025 are prepared on a going concern basis.
We are responsible to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding, and conclude on, the appropriateness of
management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the Financial Statements.
Our response
In response, we:
• Considered whether the Company’s going concern assessment included all relevant information of which we were aware
as a result of our audit and inquiry with management regarding management’s assumptions underlying its going concern
assessment.
• Evaluated management’s current operating plan including cash flows for at least 12 months from the date of preparation
of the Financial Statements, considering current developments in the industry and all relevant information of which we
were aware as a result of our audit.
• Analyzed whether the current and the required financing has been secured to enable the continuation of the entirety of
the Company’s operations, including compliance with relevant covenants.
Although there always remains an inherent level of uncertainty in relation to future events, we concur with management’s use
of the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the Financial Statements.
Our key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the Financial
Statements. We have communicated the key audit matters to the Supervisory Board. The key audit matters are not a
comprehensive reflection of all matters discussed.
Key audit matter Audit work performed and our observations
Revenue recognition related to construction contracts
(T
urnkey)
SBM Offshore N.V . recognizes its revenue in the Turnkey pillar
over-time following IFRS 15 – Revenue From Contracts with
Customers. This is considered a complex accounting area
and requires the following significant judgements:
• Identification of performance obligations in the Company’s
complex construction contracts.
• Determination whether the identified performance
obligations are satisfied at a point-in-time or over-time.
• Given that several significant identified performance
obligations are satisfied over-time, the measurement of the
costs-to-complete and the assumptions used to determine
the percentage of completion are the most complex
elements of the revenue recognition reporting process.
• Contract modifications and variable considerations,
including the identification of uncertainties and related
contingencies are additional elements increasing the
complexity of the matter.
Given the significance of the amounts involved (USD 3.5
billion of turnkey revenue and USD 950 million of contract
assets), the complex nature of the Company’s construction
contracts and the significant judgements and estimates, we
considered this area to be a key audit matter.
We reviewed and assessed management’s position and the
appl
ication of IFRS 15 in respect to the method of revenue
recognition as either point-in-time or over-time with the
assistance of our financial accounting specialists.
We have gained an understanding of the business processes
involved in revenue recognition, including the control
environment and the relevant internal controls. We have
tested the design and implementation of relevant internal
controls in the recording process of project revenue and
costs. Our procedures covered the controls on project
forecasts, measurement of progress against the performance
obligations and the recognition of revenue in the accounting
records. Based on our work performed, we did not identify
significant deficiencies related to the design and the
implementation of these controls.
Furthermore, we have performed substantive audit
procedures on management’s estimates relating to
construction contracts, including, but not limited to:
• Look-back audit procedures on budget and forecast
variance analysis.
• Inquiries with project management on key assumptions;
• Testing of journal entries for management override of
controls.
• Testing of costs incurred.
• Challenging the estimated costs-to-complete including
completeness testing on contingencies identified, change

[page 300]
300 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Key audit matter Audit work performed and our observations
orders and all other events affecting the progress of
pr
ojects.
When performing our work, we have obtained audit evidence
corroborating or contradicting management’s assumptions
and judgements allowing us to identify potential
management bias.
Based on the validation of the key assumptions considered
above, we have recalculated the percentage of completion
used by management for each project in our scope.
Based on our audit procedures we did not identify material
findings in the Turnkey revenue recognition.
Impact of the application of Pillar II legislation
As of 2024, t
he Company falls under the OECD Pillar Two
rules, which impose a top-up tax on ‘low-taxed’ entities—
those with an effective tax rate below 15%. The effective tax
rate is assessed on a jurisdictional basis.
The Company has ceased to apply its decade’s-old Swiss tax
rulings, initiating a transition process under Swiss law which
has resulted in the establishment of a tax goodwill in 2023 for
a transitory period. This tax Goodwill has resulted in the
recognition of a deferred tax expense in 2025. The Company
considers this deferred tax expense to be a covered tax
under the Pillar Two framework. This complex tax accounting
matter requires significant management judgment in the
following areas:
• A potential risk arises from the fact that the current
reporting and disclosure impact is on the basis of certain
assumptions, which eventually might deviate from the
actual impact due to differences in interpretation,
divergence in rules between jurisdictions and further
guidance to be issued. The Company accounts for this risk
in the Financial Statements by adjusting the valuation of
the deferred tax asset accordingly. As the situation is still
evolving, it leads to uncertainties of the financial impact in
periods in which legislation will be in effect.
• The (commercial) uncertainties that could impact the
Company’s ability to generate sufficient future taxable
profits.
Based on (i) the magnitude of the amounts involved, (ii) the
complexity of the application of this new tax legislation, (iii)
the uncertainty related to future decisions from relevant tax
jurisdictions and (iv) the use of management judgement and
assumptions, we deemed the impact of the Pillar II legislation
a key audit matter.
We reviewed management’s assessments, consisting of
mul
tiple memoranda with underlying supporting
documentation, of (i) the Pillar Two impact on the group and
(ii) the business re-alignment under the existing Swiss tax
regime (applicable to Swiss companies), resulting in a
deferred tax asset relating to tax goodwill.
In addition, management has provided us with
documentation outlining the quantification of the Pillar Two
impact and valuation models that form the basis of the
(gross) deferred tax asset relating to the goodwill. In this
regard, we have obtained and/or have been provided insight
in the relevant tax and legal documents.
During our audit, we involved tax and Pillar Two specialists
from The Netherlands and Switzerland to assess and evaluate
management’s overall assessment. This included a review of
the positions taken by management and their experts on
corporate tax, the tax technical positions, the underlying
calculations, supporting evidence and the associated
disclosures.
We challenged management and their advisors on their
underlying assumptions and tested various components
included in their evaluation. In relation to management’s
advisors, we (i) assessed the competence and objectivity of
these experts and (ii) acquired an understanding of the work
conducted by these experts, in order to evaluate the
appropriateness.
We assessed the measurement of the uncertainty and the
modelling employed by management to establish the (net)
deferred tax asset.
We evaluated its recoverability by comparing forecasted
taxable profits with the approved business plans for the
upcoming years and tested whether the approach was
consistent and challenged management on their
assumptions. We also scrutinized the underlying assumptions
ensuring all necessary elements in the forecast were
addressed and reconciling taxable profits in accordance with
the applicable tax regulations in Switzerland.
Based on our audit procedures, we did not identify any
reportable matters in (i) management’s assessment of the
recoverability of the deferred tax asset related to the
goodwill, (ii) the impact of the deferred tax expense under
Pillar Two and (iii) the related disclosures.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 301]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 301
REPORT ON THE OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
The annual r
eport contains other information (the “Other Information”). This includes all information in the annual report in
addition to the Financial Statements and our auditor‘s report thereon.
Based on the following procedures performed, we conclude that the Other Information:
• Is consistent with the Financial Statements and does not contain material misstatements.
• Contains all the information regarding the management report and the other information as required by Part 9 of Book 2
of the Dutch Civil Code.
We have read the Other Information. Based on our knowledge and understanding obtained through our audit of the
Financial Statements we have considered whether the Other Information contains material misstatements.
By performing these procedures, we comply with the requirements of Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and the Dutch
Standard 720. The scope of the procedures performed is substantially less than the scope of those performed in our audit of
the Financial Statements.
Management is responsible for the preparation of the Other Information, including the management report in accordance
with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code, and the other information as required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil
Code.
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS AND ESEF
Engagement
We were initially appointed by the annual meeting of shareholders as auditor of SBM Offshore N.V . on 13 April 2023 and
subsequently engaged by the Supervisory Board as auditor of SBM Offshore N.V . on 18 May 2024, as of the audit for the year
ended December 31, 2024 and have operated as statutory auditor ever since that financial year.
No prohibited non-audit services
We have not provided prohibited non-audit services as referred to in Article 5(1) of the EU Regulation on specific
requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities.
European Single Electronic Format (ESEF)
SBM Offshore N.V . has prepared its annual report in ESEF . The requirements for this are set out in the Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2019/815 with regard to regulatory technical standards on the specification of a single electronic reporting format (the
“RTS on ESEF”).
In our opinion, the annual report, prepared in XHTML format, including the (partly) marked-up Financial Statements, as
included in the reporting package by SBM Offshore N.V . complies in all material respects with the RTS on ESEF .
Management is responsible for preparing the annual report including the Financial Statements in accordance with the RTS
on ESEF , whereby management combines the various components into one single reporting package.
Our responsibility is to obtain reasonable assurance for our opinion whether the annual report in this reporting package
complies with the RTS on ESEF .
We performed our examination in accordance with Dutch law, including Dutch Standard 3950N ‘Assurance-opdrachten
inzake het voldoen aan de criteria voor het opstellen van een digitaal verantwoordingsdocument’ (assurance engagements
relating to compliance with criteria for digital reporting).
Our examination included amongst others:
• Obtaining an understanding of the Company's financial reporting process, including the preparation of the reporting
package.
• Identifying and assessing the risks that the annual report does not comply in all material respects with the RTS on ESEF
and designing and performing further assurance procedures responsive to those risks to provide a basis for our opinion,
including:

[page 302]
302 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
◦ obtaining t he reporting package and performing validations to determine whether the reporting package containing
the Inline XBRL instance and the XBRL extension taxonomy files has been prepared in accordance with the technical
specifications as included in the RTS on ESEF;
◦ examining the information related to the Financial Statements in the reporting package to determine whether all
required mark-ups have been applied and whether these are in accordance with the RTS on ESEF .
DESCRIPTION OF RESPONSIBILITIES REGARDING THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Responsibilities of management and the Supervisory Board for the Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the Financial Statements in accordance with EU-IFRS
and Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. Furthermore, management is responsible for such internal control as
management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of the Financial Statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
As part of the preparation of the Financial Statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company‘s ability to
continue as a going concern. Based on the financial reporting frameworks mentioned, management should prepare the
Financial Statements using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the
company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Management should disclose events and circumstances that may cast significant doubt on the Company‘s ability to continue
as a going concern in the financial statements.
The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the Company‘s financial reporting process.
Our responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Statements
Our objective is to plan and perform the audit engagement in a manner that allows us to obtain sufficient appropriate audit
evidence for our opinion.
Our audit has been performed with a high, but not absolute, level of assurance, which means we may not detect all material
misstatements, whether due to fraud or error, during our audit.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the Financial Statements. The
materiality affects the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and the evaluation of the effect of identified
misstatements on our opinion.
We have exercised professional judgment and have maintained professional scepticism throughout the audit, in accordance
with Dutch Standards on Auditing, ethical requirements and independence requirements. Our audit included among others:
• Identifying and assessing the risks of material misstatement of the Financial Statements, whether due to fraud or error,
designing and performing audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtaining audit evidence that is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
or the override of internal control.
• Obtaining an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company‘s
internal control.
• Evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
disclosures made by management.
• Concluding on the appropriateness of management‘s use of the going concern basis of accounting, and based on the
audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant
doubt on the Company‘s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
required to draw attention in our auditor‘s report to the related disclosures in the Financial Statements or, if such
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
date of our auditor‘s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the company to cease to continue as a going
concern.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 303]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 303
• Evaluating the overall presentation, structure and content of the Financial Statements, including the disclosures.
•
Evaluating whether the Financial Statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves
fair presentation.
We are responsible for planning and performing the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding
the financial information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the Financial
Statements. We are also responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of
the group audit. We bear the full responsibility for the auditor’s report.
We communicate with the Management and Supervisory boards regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant findings in internal control that we identified
during our audit. In this respect we also submit an additional report to the Audit Committee in accordance with Article 11 of
the EU Regulation on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities. The information included in
this additional report is consistent with our audit opinion in this auditor's report.     
We provide the Supervisory Board with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear
on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with the Supervisory Board, we determine the key audit matters: those matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the Financial Statements. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, not communicating the
matter is in the public interest.
Rotterdam, February 25, 2026
Deloitte Accountants B.V .
J.A. de Bruin

[page 304]
304 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
4.7 OTHER INFORMA TION
4.7.1 APPROPRIATION OF RESULT
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION GOVERNING PROFIT APPROPRIATION
With regard to the appropriation of result, article 29 of the Articles of Association states:
1. When drawing up the annual accounts, the Management Board shall charge such sums for the depreciation of
SBM Of
fshore N.V .’s fixed assets and make such provisions for taxes and other purposes as shall be deemed advisable.
2. Any distribution of profits pursuant to the provisions of this article shall be made after the adoption of the annual accounts
from which it appears that the same is permitted. The Company may make distributions to the Shareholders and to other
persons entitled to distributable profits only to the extent that its shareholders' equity exceeds the sum of the amount of
the paid and called up part of the share capital and the reserves which must be maintained under the law. A deficit may
be offset against the statutory reserves only to the extent permitted by law, with the proviso that a deficit shall not be
offset against the Protective Preference Shares Reserve.
3. a. The profit shall, if sufficient, be applied first in payment to the holders of Protective Preference Shares in accordance
with subparagraph b. of this article 29 paragraph 3.
b. For Protective Preference Shares paid-up in accordance with the provisions of article 5 paragraph 6, the payment shall
be one thousand euro (EUR1,000) for the aggregate outstanding Protective Preference Shares paid-up in accordance
with the provisions of article 5 paragraph 6. In all other instances, the payment shall be a percentage of the compulsory
amount paid on the Protective Preference Shares other than in accordance with article 5 paragraph 6 as at the
commencement of the financial year for which the distribution is made. The percentage referred to above shall be
equal to the average of the Euribor interest charged for loans with a term of twelve (12) months, as published by the
administrator of EURIBOR, the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) or any other person that takes over the
administration of EURIBOR, or in absence of EURIBOR as benchmark, another interest benchmark that is officially
determined, appointed or recommended as replacement of twelve (12) months EURIBOR by (i) the European Central
Bank, or another supervising authority, or in absence of this, (ii) the EMMI, aforementioned or its legal successor(s) -
weighted by the number of days for which this interest was applicable - during the financial year for which the
distribution is made, increased by at most five hundred (500) basis points.
c. If in the course of the financial year for which the distribution is made the compulsory amount to be paid on the
Protective Preference Shares has been decreased or, pursuant to a resolution for additional payments, increased, then
the distribution shall be decreased or, if possible, increased by an amount equal to the aforementioned percentage of
the amount of the decrease or increase as the case may be, calculated from the date of the decrease or from the day
when the additional payment became compulsory, as the case may be.
d. If in the course of any financial year Protective Preference Shares have been issued, the dividend on Protective
Preference Shares for that financial year shall be decreased proportionately up to the day of issue, with a part of a
month to be regarded as a full month.
e. If the profit for a financial year is being determined and if in that financial year one or more Protective Preference
Shares have been cancelled , the persons who according to the shareholders' register referred to in article 12 at the
time of such cancellation were recorded as the holders of these Protective Preference Shares, shall have an inalienable
right to a distribution of profit as described hereinafter. The profit which, if sufficient, shall be distributed to such a
person shall be equal to the amount of the distribution to which he would be entitled pursuant to the provisions of this
paragraph if at the time of the determination of the profits he had still been the holder of the Protective Preference
Shares referred to above, calculated on a time-proportionate basis for the period during which he held Protective
Preference Shares in that financial year, with a part of a month to be regarded as a full month. In respect of an
amendment of the provisions laid down in this paragraph, the reservation referred to in section 2:122 of the Dutch Civil
Code is hereby explicitly made.
f. If in any one financial year the profit referred to above in subparagraph a. is not sufficient to make the distributions
referred to in this article, then the provisions of this paragraph and those laid down hereinafter in this article shall in the
subsequent financial years not apply until the deficit has been made good.
g. Further payment out of the profits on the Protective Preference Shares shall not take place.
4. The Management Board is authorized, subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board, to determine each year what part
of the profits shall be transferred to the reserves, after the provisions of the preceding paragraph have been applied.
5. The residue of the profit shall be at the disposal of the General Meeting. 
6. The General Meeting may only resolve to distribute any reserves, other than the Protective Preference Shares Reserve,
upon the proposal of the Management Board, subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board.
4.7.2 CALL OPTION GRANTED TO STICHTING CONTINUÏTEIT SBM OFFSHORE (THE
FOUNDA
TION)
The Management Board, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, has granted a call option to the Foundation to acquire
a number of preference shares in the Company’s share capital. The protective preference shares can be issued as a
protective measure as described in note 2.1.8 Stichting Continuïteit SBM Offshore.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 305]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 305
4.8 KEY FIGURES
Key IFRS financial figur es
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Total revenue (US$ million) 5,903 4,784 4,963 4,913 3,747
Results (US$ million)
Profit/(loss) 1,109 211 614 555 472
Dividend 2001 155 150 197 178
Operating pr ofit (EBIT)2 1,801 928 1,145 1,020 734
EBITDA2 1,852 1,041 1,239 1,209 823
(Underlying) Pr ofit attributable to
shareholders3 922 150 491 450 405
Shareholders’ equity at 31 December 4,406 3,619 3,733 3,397 2,579
Net debt2 8,068 8,137 8,748 7,881 6,681
Capital expenditure 84 129 179 151 49
Depreciation, amortization and impairment 51 113 94 189 88
Number of employees (average) 6,634 6,176 5,717 5,259 4,797
Employee benefit expenses 1,074 995 842 740 669
Ratios (%)
Shareholders' equity / (total assets - current
l
iabilities) 33 25 26 28 26
Current ratio (current assets / current
l
iabilities) 144 339 336 252 201
Return on average shareholders' equity 23.0 4.1 13.8 15.1 15.8
Operating pr ofit (EBIT) / total revenue2 30.5 19.4 23.1 20.8 19.6
Net pr ofit/(loss) / total revenue 18.8 4.4 12.4 11.3 12.6
Net debt / total equity 124 139 158 160 189
Enterprise value / EBITDA4 8.1 12.9 10.5 10.1 12.5
Information per Share (US$)
Net pr ofit/(loss) 5 5.33 0.84 2.74 2.53 2.18
Dividend 1.171 0.88 0.83 1.10 1.00
Shareholders' equity at 31 December 25.71 20.52 20.66 18.80 14.28
Share price (EUR)6
- 31 December 24.50 16.96 12.45 14.66 13.10
- highest close 24.98 18.02 15.09 15.65 16.33
- lowest close 15.98 11.69 11.38 12.07 11.85
Price / earnings ratio 5.3 20.7 5.1 6.3 6.7
Number of shares outstanding (x 1,000) 171,361 176,361 180,671 180,671 180,671
Market capitalization (US$ million) 4,933 3,107 2,485 2,825 2,680
Volume of traded shares (x 1,000) 92,916 106,101 123,880 122,922 172,550
New shares issued in the year (x 1,000) - - - - -
1 Includes both proposed 2025 annual and 2026 interim dividend as referred to in section 4.3.33 Events after reporting period. The interim dividend is subject
to final r
esolution and is payable after publication of the HY 2026 results.
2 For a reconciliation of Operating profit (EBIT), EBITDA and Net debt to the consolidated financial statements, refer to 4.1.5 Alternative Performance
Measures.
3 Underlying applicable to 2021.
4 Entreprise value is calculated as net debt, plus market capitalization, plus non-controlling interests. For the definition of EBITDA and Net debt, refer to 4.1.5
Alternative Performance Measures.
5 Calculated based on weighted average shares outstanding during the year.
6 Based on Euronext data on share prices, market capitalization and volume of traded shares.

[page 306]
306 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
Key Directional financial figur es
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Directional Revenue (US$ million) 5,066 6,111 4,532 3,288 2,242
Directional Lease and Operate revenue 2,295 2,369 1,954 1,763 1,509
Directional Turnkey revenue 2,772 3,743 2,578 1,525 733
Directional EBIT (US$ million)1 1,206 1,321 788 392 366
Directional Lease and Operate EBIT 748 709 633 484 452
Directional Turnkey EBIT 549 702 259 (12) (1)
Other (91) (90) (104) (80) (85)
Directional EBITDA (US$ million)1 1,709 1,896 1,319 1,010 849
Directional Pr ofit/(loss) (US$ million) 677 907 524 115 122
1 For a reconciliation of Directional EBIT and Directional EBITDA, refer to 4.3.2 Operating Segments and Directional Reporting.
4 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2025

[page 307]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 307

[page 308]
308 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
 
ADDITIONAL 
INFORMATION

[page 309]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 309
ADDITIONAL 
INFORMATION
CHAPTER 5

[page 310]
310 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
5.1 BUSINESS TOPICS DEFINITIONS
Business Topics definit ions
Energy transition The activity of growing the New Energies business, decarbonization technologies and
associated services, so as to maintain a meaningful impact t
hroughout the energy transition,
through portfolio management, sustainable development and adaptation to external trends.
Operational excellence and
qual
ity
Managing the integrity of assets to achieve safety, quality and uptime, including building a
cul
ture of continuous improvement, so as to achieve operational excellence and deliver
projects and operations safely, on time and at high quality in all areas of SBM Offshore’s
business and supply chain.
Digitalization Growth of digital solutions and services to support business objectives, at the same time
managing associated risk (e.g. cybersecurity). This entails t
he development of secure digital
applications to generate new business, improve operational excellence and reduce cost
base through process redefinition, IT integration, IT infrastructure and development of
digital services.
Innovation Activity of research and development into energy transition solutions or other business/
operat
ions improvements related to SBM Offshore’s mission – e.g. development of new
technologies, particularly low and non-carbon technologies.
Market positioning SBM Offshore’s position in the market and global presence, engaging in emerging markets,
adapt
ing to present and future market developments and product differentiation. Market
Positioning refers to the ability to feed stakeholder perception regarding a brand or product,
relative to competitors.
Economic impact Direct economic value generated by considering total lifecycle and operating costs, in order
to be able to d
istribute to stakeholders, including employees, shareholders and capital
providers and (local) suppliers.
5 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

[page 311]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 311
5.2 LIMITED ASSURANCE REPOR T
OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
LIMITED ASSURANCE REPORT OF THE
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR ON THE
SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT OF SBM
OFFSHORE N.V.
To the shareholders and supervisory board of SBM Offshore
N.V .
OUR CONCLUSION
We have performed a limited assurance engagement on
the (consolidated) sustainability statement for the year
ended December 31, 2025 of SBM Offshore N.V . based in
Amsterdam, the Netherlands (the “Company”) in chapter 3
of its Annual Report 2025 including the information
incorporated in the sustainability statement by reference
(the “Sustainability Statement”).
Based on our procedures performed and the assurance
evidence obtained, nothing has come to our attention that
causes us to believe that the Sustainability Statement is
not, in all material respects:
• Prepared in accordance with the European Sustainability
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European
Commission (the “ESRS”) and in accordance with the
double materiality assessment process carried out by the
Company to identify the information reported pursuant
to the ESRS.
• Compliant with the reporting requirements provided for
in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (the “Taxonomy
Regulation”).
BASIS FOR OUR CONCLUSION
We have performed our limited assurance engagement on
the Sustainability Statement in accordance with Dutch law,
including Dutch Standard 3810N, ’Assurance-opdrachten
inzake duurzaamheidsverslaggeving’ (Assurance
engagements relating to sustainability reporting) which is a
specified Dutch standard that is based on the International
Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000
(Revised) ’Assurance engagements other than audits or
reviews of historical financial information’.
Our responsibilities in this regard are further described in
the section ‘Our responsibilities for the limited assurance
engagement on the Sustainability Statement’ of our report.
We are independent of SBM Offshore N.V . in accordance
with the ‘Wet toezicht accountantsorganisaties’ (Audit
Firms Supervision Act), the ‘Verordening inzake de
onafhankelijkheid van accountants bij assurance-
opdrachten’ (Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, a
regulation with respect to independence) and other
relevant independence regulations in the Netherlands.
Furthermore, we have complied with the ‘Verordening
gedrags- en ber
oepsregels accountants’ (Dutch Code of
Ethics for Professional Accountants).
We believe that the assurance evidence we have obtained
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
conclusion.
EMPHASES OF MATTER
Emphasis on the most significant uncertainties affecting
the quantitative metrics and monetary amounts
We draw attention to section 3.7.1 in the Sustainability
Statement that identifies the quantitative metrics and
monetary amounts that are subject to a high level of
measurement uncertainty and discloses information about
the sources of measurement uncertainty and the
assumptions, approximations and judgements the
Company has made in measuring these in compliance with
the ESRS.
The comparability of sustainability information between
entities and over time may be affected by the lack of
historical sustainability information in accordance with the
ESRS and by the absence of a uniform practice on which to
draw, to evaluate and measure this information. This allows
for the application of different, but acceptable,
measurement techniques, especially in the initial years.
Emphasis on the use of third party information
We draw attention to section 3.7.1 in the Sustainability
Statement that indicates that certain metrics and
calculations are (partly) based on assumptions and sources
from third parties (the “Third-party Information”). The
Third-party Information is disclosed in the basis of
preparation of the respective metric. Validation and
certification of the Third-party Information is not common
market practice.
Our conclusion is not modified in respect of these matters.
LIMITATIONS TO THE SCOPE OF OUR
ASSURANCE ENGAGEMENT
In reporting forward-looking information in accordance with
the ESRS, management of the Company is required to
prepare the forward-looking information on the basis of
disclosed assumptions about events that may occur in the
future and possible future actions by the Company. The
actual outcome is likely to be different since anticipated
events frequently do not occur as expected. Forward-
looking information relates to events and actions that have
not yet occurred and may never occur. We do not provide
assurance on the achievability of this forward-looking
information.
Our conclusion is not modified in respect of this matter.

[page 312]
312 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND THE
SUPERVISOR
Y BOARD FOR THE SUSTAINABILITY
STATEMENT
Management is responsible for the preparation of the
Sustainability Statement in accordance with the ESRS,
including the double materiality assessment process carried
out by the Company as the basis for the sustainability
statement and disclosure of material impacts, risks and
opportunities in accordance with the ESRS. As part of the
preparation of the Sustainability Statement, management is
also responsible for compliance with the reporting
requirements provided for in the Taxonomy Regulation.
Management is also responsible for selecting and applying
additional entity-specific disclosures to enable users to
understand the Company’s sustainability-related impacts,
risks or opportunities and for determining that these
additional entity-specific disclosures are suitable in the
circumstances and in accordance with the ESRS.
Furthermore, management is responsible for such internal
control as it determines is necessary to enable the
preparation of the Sustainability Statement that is free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the
sustainability reporting process including the double
materiality assessment process carried out by the
Company.
OUR RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE LIMITED
ASSURANCE ENGAGEMENT ON THE
SUST
AINABILITY STATEMENT
Our responsibility is to plan and perform the limited
assurance engagement in a manner that allows us to obtain
sufficient appropriate assurance evidence for our
conclusion.
Our assurance engagement is aimed to obtain a limited
level of assurance that the Sustainability Statement is free
from material misstatements. The procedures vary in nature
and timing from, and are less in extent than for a
reasonable assurance engagement. Consequently, the level
of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement
is substantially lower than the assurance that would have
been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement
been performed.
We apply the applicable quality management requirements
pursuant to the ‘Nadere voorschriften
kwaliteitsmanagement’ (regulations for quality
management), and accordingly maintain a comprehensive
system of quality management including documented
policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical
requirements, professional standards and other relevant
legal and regulatory requirements.
Our limited assurance engagement included among
others:
• Performing inquiries and an analysis of the external
environment and obtaining an understanding of relevant
sustainability themes and issues, the characteristics of
the Company, its activities and the value chain and its
key intangible resources in order to assess the double
materiality assessment process carried out by the
Company as the basis for the Sustainability Statement
and disclosure of all material sustainability-related
impacts, risks and opportunities in accordance with the
ESRS.
• Obtaining through inquiries a general understanding of
the internal control environment, the Company’s
processes for gathering and reporting entity-related and
value chain information, the information systems and the
company’s risk assessment process relevant to the
preparation of the Sustainability Statement and for
identifying the Company’s activities, determining eligible
and aligned economic activities and prepare the
disclosures provided for in the Taxonomy Regulation,
without obtaining assurance information about the
implementation, or testing the operating effectiveness,
of controls.
• Assessing the double materiality assessment process
carried out by the Company and identifying and
assessing areas of the Sustainability Statement, including
the disclosures provided for in the Taxonomy Regulation
where misleading or unbalanced information or material
5 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

[page 313]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 313
misstatements, whether due to fraud or error, are likely
to arise (‘selected d
isclosures’). We designed and
performed further assurance procedures aimed at
assessing that the Sustainability Statement is free from
material misstatements responsive to this risk analysis.
• Considering whether the description of the double
materiality assessment process in the Sustainability
Statement made by management appears consistent
with the process carried out by the Company.
• Determining the nature and extent of the procedures to
be performed for the group components and locations.
For this, the nature, extent and/or risk profile of these
components are decisive.
• Performing analytical review procedures on quantitative
information in the Sustainability Statement, including
consideration of data and trends in the information
submitted for consolidation at corporate level.
• Assessing whether the Company’s methods for
developing estimates are appropriate and have been
consistently applied for selected disclosures. We
considered data and trends; however, our procedures
did not include testing the data on which the estimates
are based or separately developing our own estimates
against which to evaluate management’s estimates.
• Analyzing, on a limited sample basis, relevant internal
and external documentation available to the Company
(including publicly available information or information
from actors throughout its value chain) for selected
disclosures.
• Reading the other information in the annual report to
identify material inconsistencies, if any, with the
Sustainability Statement.
• Considering whether:
◦ the disclosures provided to address the reporting
requirements provided for in the Taxonomy
Regulation for each of the environmental objectives (i)
reconcile with the underlying records of the
Company, (ii) are consistent or coherent with the
Sustainability Statement and (iii) appear reasonable,
in particular whether the eligible economic activities
meet the cumulative conditions to qualify as aligned
and whether the technical screening criteria are met;
◦ the key performance indicators disclosures have been
defined and calculated (i) in accordance with the
Taxonomy reference framework (as defined in
Appendix 1 Glossary of Terms of the Committee of
European Auditing Oversight Bodies (CEAOB)
Guidelines on limited assurance on sustainability
reporting adopted on 30 September 2024) and (ii) in
compliance with the reporting requirements provided
for in the Taxonomy Regulation, including the format
in which the activities are presented.
• Considering the overall presentation, structure and the
fundamental qualitative characteristics of information
(relevance and faithful representation: complete, neutral
and accurate) reported in the Sustainability Statement,
including the reporting requirements provided for the
T
axonomy Regulation.
• Considering, based on our limited assurance procedures
and evaluation of the assurance evidence obtained,
whether the sustainability statement as a whole is free
from material misstatements and prepared in
accordance with the ESRS.
Rotterdam, February 25, 2026
Deloitte Accountants B.V .
J.A. de Bruin

[page 314]
314 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
5.3 Glossary
Term Definition
AGM Annual General Meeting
AI artificial intel ligence
AiP Approval in Principle
API American Petroleum Institute
APM alternative performance measure
BOE Barrel of Oil Equivalent
CALM Catenary Anchor Leg Mooring
CAPEX Capital Expenditure
CCS Carbon Capture and Storage
CDP Carbon Disclosure Project
CMFL China Merchants Financial Leasing
CMHI China Merchants Heavy Industry Co. Ltd.
CSRD Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive
D&R Decommissioning and Recycling
DMA Double Materiality Assessment
DNSH Do No Significant Harm
EACs Energy Attribute Cert ificates
EBIT Earnings before Interest and Tax
EBITDA Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation
and Amort
ization
EIAs Independent Environmental Impact Assessments
EMS Environmental Management System
EPC Engineering Procurement and Construction
EPCI Engineering Procurement Construction and
Instal
lation
ERM Enterprise Risk Management
ERP Enterprise, Resource, Planning
ESG Environmental, Social and Governance
ESRS European Sustainability Reporting Standards
Euribor Euro Interbank Offered Rate
EVP Employee Value Proposition
FAL Financial authority levels
FEED Front-End Engineering and Design
FinOps Financial Operations
FOW Floating Offshore Wind
FPI Fatalities and Permanent Impairment
FPSO Floating Production Storage and Offload ing
FSO Floating Storage and Offload ing
FSRU Floating Storage Regasificat ion Unit
GEMS Global Enterprise Management System
GHG Greenhouse Gases
Term Definition
GJ Gigajoules
GOV Governance
GR&S Global Resources and Services
GRI Global Reporting Initiative
GTS Group Technical Standards
HR Human Resources
HSS Health, Safety and Security
HSSE Health, Safety, Security and Environment
HSSEQ Health, Safety, Security, Environment & Quality
HSSEQS Health, Safety, Security, Environment, Quality
and Sustainabil
ity
IASB International Accounting Standards Board
ICOFR Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
IDE Inclusion, Diversity and Equity
IEA International Energy Agency
IFRS International Financial Reporting Standards
IFS Industrial and Financial Systems
ILO International Labour Organization
IOGP International Association of Oil and Gas
Pr
oducers
IP Intellectual Property
IPCC Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
IPIECA International Petroleum Industry Environmental
Conservat
ion Association
IPPF International Professional Practices Framework
IRO Impact, Risk and Opportunity
ISM International Safety Management
ISO International Organization for Standardization
ISPS International Ship and Port Facility Security
IT Information Technology
JV Joint Venture
KPI Key Performance Indicator
L&O Lease and Operate
LOPC Loss of Primary Containment
LTI Long-Term Incentive
LTIFR Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate
LUCY Let Us Connect You
MDR-A Minimum Disclosure Requirement – Actions
MDR-M Minimum Disclosure Requirement – Metrics
MDR-P Minimum Disclosure Requirement – Policies
MDR-T Minimum Disclosure Requirement – Targets
5 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

[page 315]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 315
Term Definition
MNOPF Merchant Navy Officers Pension Fund
MOPU Mobile Offshore Production Unit
MPF Multi-Purpose Floater
NGOs Non-Governmental Organizations
NOx Nitrous Oxides
NZE Net Zero Emissions
O&G Oil and gas
O&M Operations and Maintenance
OECD Organization for Economic Co-operation and
Development
OIFR Occupational Illness Frequency Rate
OPEX Operating Expenditure
OT Operational Technology
POB Persons On Board
PSE Process Safety Events
PSM Process Safety Management
R&D Research and Development
RAC Risk Assurance Committee
RCF Revolving Credit Facility
RCP Representative Concentration Pathway
RP Remuneration Policy
RSU Restricted Share Unit
SASB Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
SBTi Science-Based Targets initiatives
SCF Supply Chain Financing
SDG United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate
SOx Sulphur Oxides
SPM Single Point Mooring
SPV Special Purpose Vehicle
STI Short-Term Incentive
SWS Shangahi Waigaoquiao Shipbuilding
TCFD Task Force on Climate-Related Financial
Disclosur
es
TMS Turret Mooring System
TRIFR Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate
TRL Technology Readiness Level
TSC Technical Screening Criteria
UN United Nations
VCS Verified Carbon Standar d
XBRL eXtensible Business Reporting Language

[page 316]
316 - SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPOR T 2025
5.4 ADDRESSES AND CONT ACT
DETAILS
SBM OFFSHORE CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS
Evert van de Beekstraat 1-77
1118 CL Schiphol
the Netherlands
Tel: +31 (0)20 236 3000
Website: www.sbmoffshore.com
Investor Relations
Wouter Holties
Corporate Finance and Investor Relations Manager
Phone: +31 (0)20 2363236
E-mail: Wouter.Holties@sbmoffshore.com
Media Relations
Giampaolo Arghittu
Head of External Relations
Phone: +31 (0)6 212 62 333 / +39 33 494 79 584
E-mail: Giampaolo.Arghittu@sbmoffshore.com
COLOPHON
This report was published on February 26, 2026 by
SBM Offshore N.V . with contributions by:
Concept and design
SBM Offshore
Document and website realization
Tangelo Software, Zeist, the Netherlands
A PDF of the full Annual Report
and further information about  
SBM Offshore and our business 
can be found online at our website:
www.sbmoffshore.com
GET MORE INFORMATION ONLINE
5 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

[page 317]
SBM OFFSHORE ANNUAL REPORT 2025 - 317