# Galenica AG (GALE.SW)
# primary source: 3695.ar.en.2025.pdf  (310 pages)

[page 1]
20252025
Annual
Report
of the Galenica Group  
and the Galenica Ltd.

[page 2]
Our vision
“Health and well- 
being are at the heart 
of what we do.
They are the reason 
we give our best  
every day.”

[page 3]
Contents
Galenica 2025 04
Letter to shareholders 04
Highlights 09
Key figures 10
Milestones 13
About this Report 15
About us 18
Purpose of the company 19 
Galenica Strategy  21
Management report 27
Financial Performance Group 28
Products & Care 30
Logistics & IT 39
External environment 45
Risk management 53
Outlook 2026  57
Report on Non-Financial  
Matters 61
Interview with  
Chairman and CEO 62
Business model 66
Our sustainability approach 70
Climate report according  
to TCFD 81
GRI report 89 
Independent Assurance  
Report 155
Corporate Reporting 159
Corporate Governance 160
Remuneration Report 192
Financial Reporting  222
Alternative performance 
measures 2
025  
of the Galenica Group 222
Consolidated financial  
statements 2025  
of the Galenica Group 233
Financial statements 2025  
of Galenica Ltd. 290
Appendix 301
GRI content index 302
NFR/CO 964a-Index  308
TCFD-Index 309

[page 4]
 Galenica Annual Report 2025 Letter to shareholders 4
“In 2025, we continued to execute 
our strategy with conviction and 
achieved positive developments in 
all segments.“
Marc Werner, CEO Dr Markus R. Neuhaus,  
Chair of the Board of Directors

[page 5]
Letter to shareholders
Galenica continues to grow successfully 
and adds value as a network
Dear Shareholders, Ladies and Gentlemen,
In this Annual Report, we are pleased to report that Galenica is 
continuing to develop positively. In 2025, we have sustainably 
strengthened our market position, successfully launched new services on 
the market, and consistently advanced digitalisation in all business 
areas. This broad-based growth demonstrates our strength as a robust 
healthcare network that offers companies, partners and our patients 
compelling added value.
Management Report
„Thanks to our broad 
positioning, Galenica is 
successfully and future-
oriented positioned in the 
market.“
Pioneer of integrated healthcare
We are shaping the healthcare system of tomorrow together with strong 
partners, drawing on the full range of our skills and expertise from the 
Galenica network. In 2025, we continued to execute our strategy with 
conviction and achieved positive developments in all segments. Thanks 
to our broad positioning – from pharmacies and pharmaceutical 
logistics to products and services, home care and now also diagnostics 
– Galenica is successfully and future-oriented positioned in the market. 
By consistently focusing on the needs of our customers and patients, we 
aim to have a lasting impact on the further development of healthcare 
and promote innovation. An important milestone was the successful 
entry into the diagnostics business through the acquisition of the Labor 
Team Group in September 2025. This leading Swiss diagnostic service 
provider strengthens our offering in the physician segment and opens up 
additional long-term potential for innovative diagnostic services in our 
pharmacies.
„Demand for 
vaccinations, for 
example, has increased 
significantly.“
Basic care strengthened in line with customer 
needs
Pharmacies in the Galenica network have further expanded their role as 
the first point of contact in the healthcare system. Galenica strategically 
expanded its pharmacy network through acquisitions in attractive 
locations. In 2025, Amavita not only celebrated its 20th anniversary, but 
also opened its 200th location with the acquisition in Morbio Inferiore. By 
the end of 2025, we had a total of 381 pharmacies. By investing in 
training, infrastructure, digital solutions and communication, we have 
further developed pharmacies as the first point of contact for acute 
health problems and expanded the “Consultation plus” offering. 
Customers and patients receive consultation and healthcare services, 
while the burden on the healthcare system is noticeably reduced. 
Demand for vaccinations, for example, has increased significantly. The 
latest political decisions, such as the “Cost Containment Package 2” 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Letter to shareholders 5

[page 6]
passed by Parliament, support this trend and lay the foundation for 
broader remuneration of pharmaceutical services and the development 
of additional consultation offerings.
„Private consultation 
areas provide the setting 
for confidential 
conversations.“
New pharmacy concept launched, partnerships 
expanded
“Consultation plus” has also opened its doors to health insurers: thanks 
to our high-quality consultation and healthcare services, which are 
standardised throughout Switzerland, our pharmacies are increasingly 
being positioned as entry points for various insurance models. In order to 
make the central role of the pharmacy everyday life even more tangible, 
Galenica has also developed a new concept, which Amavita has been 
piloting in Zurich’s Glatt shopping centre since October 2025. This 
concept helps to further expand consultations as a key task of the 
pharmacy and offers a modern customer experience: private 
consultation areas provide the setting for confidential conversations, 
self-service checkouts ensure short waiting times, and digital services 
are integrated directly into personal consultations. In addition, we have 
expanded our online drugstores offering, particularly in the over-the-
counter range, with the increased investment in Puravita in December 
2025.
Successful ERP modernisation for greater 
efficiency
Galexis reached a significant milestone in 2025: the ERP system at the 
Lausanne-Ecublens distribution centre has been converted, giving 
Galexis a pioneering role in Swiss pharmaceutical wholesale in Western 
Switzerland. The changeover was not only an IT project, but also a 
comprehensive transformation process. The insights gained from 
Lausanne-Ecublens are being directly incorporated into the 
preparations for the SAP rollout at the Niederbipp site in 2026. Alloga 
had already completed the SAP project in 2024 and increased efficiency 
by 20% in the reporting year by systematically adapting its workflows 
and picking processes.
„Medifilm has also made 
significant progress and 
remains an important 
growth driver in the 
Galenica home care 
network.“
Bundled expertise and expanded capacity in 
home care
Galenica has strategically bundled its offering in the home care sector. 
Since October 2025, the digital platforms Lifestage Solutions and 
HomeCare Bichsel have shared a joint management structure. This 
combined expertise creates a unique offering in the Swiss home care 
market: many years of experience in clinical nutrition paired with a 
digital platform that automates the ordering and billing of consumables. 
Medifilm has also made significant progress and remains an important 
growth driver in the Galenica home care network. Building on the 
expansion of capacity in the previous year, Medifilm put another fully 
integrated blister packaging machine into operation in 2025 and 
already began preparing a third system – an important step in meeting 
rising demand.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Letter to shareholders 6

[page 7]
Pleasing overall result
Our focus is on consistent and long-term value creation. The Galenica 
Group has once again reported a pleasing annual result. It has 
significantly increased both its revenue (+5.5%) and adjusted EBIT (+11.3%) 
compared to the previous year, with all business areas contributing to 
this growth. The acquisition of Labor Team in September and special 
factors amounting to CHF 6.2 million also had a positive impact on the 
EBIT.
With this strong result, Galenica has clearly achieved both its revenue 
and EBIT forecasts for 2025. The Board of Directors will propose a 
dividend increase to CHF 2.50 per share to the Annual General Meeting, 
which corresponds to an increase of 8.7%. For 2026, Galenica expects 
revenue growth of between 5% and 7% and an increase in adjusted EBIT 
of between 6% and 8%. Excluding the extraordinary special factors of 
CHF 6.2 million in 2025, this corresponds to an increase in adjusted EBIT 
of between 9% and 11%.
„The motivation score in 
the Galenica network has 
increased consistently in 
recent years.“
Culture of continuous improvement and digital 
connectivity
Galenica increases its efficiency through a corporate culture that 
promotes continuous process improvements and the active 
participation of all employees. Not only does this strengthen operational 
performance and innovation, it also improves employee satisfaction. 
The motivation score in the Galenica network has increased consistently 
in recent years and reached a pleasing 78 out of 100 points in 2025. At 
the same time, Galenica is driving forward digitalisation along the entire 
value chain. With the introduction of the Data & AI Governance Board in 
2025, the responsible handling of data and artificial intelligence has also 
been clearly defined and established. AI will help us, for example, to 
control demand, inventories and quality levels in logistics even more 
precisely or to automate reorders for pharmacies. AI will thus directly 
support our most important Sustainable Development Goals in future: 
patient safety and reliable healthcare.
Focus 2026: customer enthusiasm
The foundation for continued future success has thus been laid – with a 
clear focus on inspiring our customers time and time again. This is made 
possible thanks to the great dedication of our knowledgeable 
employees and our wide range of products and healthcare services. 
With our sustainable strategy and unique business model, we are 
succeeding in playing a defining role in the Swiss healthcare market. We 
do this in line with our social and environmental responsibility and with 
corporate governance based on strong values. This has also been 
recognised on the capital market with the positive performance of 
Galenica’s share price in the year under review. With the launch of the 
Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), Galenica is also going one step 
further: we are embedding our climate protection ambitions in a binding 
and transparent manner.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Letter to shareholders 7

[page 8]
Thank you for your trust
In this Annual Report, we are pleased to present Galenica’s continued 
positive development in detail. Our particular thanks go to everyone 
who has contributed to this success: first and foremost, our dedicated 
employees, who work with passion and professionalism every day to 
ensure the health and well-being of people in Switzerland. To our 
customers and patients who trust us with their health and rely on our 
products and services. And we would like to thank you, our valued 
shareholders, for the trust in the Galenica network. A sincere thanks also 
goes to our strong partners, who share our vision and work with us to 
shaping the integrated healthcare of the future.
Bern, 10 March 2026
Dr Markus R. Neuhaus
Chair of the Board of Directors
Marc Werner
CEO
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Letter to shareholders 8

[page 9]
Highlights
Highlights
Overview Galenica continues to grow in the 2025 financial year: the 
Galenica Group achieved strong growth with sales up 5.5% 
in the 2025 financial year and generated consolidated net 
sales of CHF 4,135.6 million.
Highlights of the 2025 financial year
Consultations and healthcare services
368,000
+29% year on year
Clinical Decision Support Checks 
(Documedis CDS.CE)
553
million, +50% year on year
Employee survey – “Opinio”
78
Motivation score among Galenica 
Group employees
Adjusted  EBIT increased by 11.3% to CHF 234.8 million. Adjusted  net 
profit from continuing operations increased by 3.0% to CHF 188.7 million. 
Thanks to the strong operating result, the Board of Directors will propose 
to the General Meeting a dividend of CHF 2.50 per share, which 
corresponds to an increase of 8.7%.
1 1
Highlights of the 2025 financial year
– The pharmacy network has developed dynamically through 
acquisitions, new openings and reorganisations.
– Demand for consultations has increased by almost 29%: 368,000 fee-
based healthcare services were provided, including almost 93,000 
vaccinations.
– Thanks to high demand for prescription-only medications, Galenica 
pharmacies grew organically by 3.3% and gained market share.
– In the Swiss consumer healthcare market, we further consolidated our 
leading position with sales growth of 6.2% to CHF 158.0 million.
– The “Services & Production” sector progressed positively and grew by 
4%. All units – Bichsel, Lifestage and Medifilm – contributed to this 
growth. In 2025, Medifilm put another fully integrated blister 
packaging machine into operation and patient days once again 
increased significantly by 10%.
– With the acquisition of Labor Team in September 2025, Galenica was 
able to further broaden its value chain and significantly expand its 
range of services for physicians to include diagnostic services. The 
acquisition of Labor Team contributed around 1% to the Group’s sales 
growth.
– Strong sales growth of 4.8% was achieved in the “Wholesale” sector. 
Both the physicians segment with growth of 3.9% and the pharmacy 
segment with an increase of 5.3% performed in line with the market.
– HCI Solutions continues to make a major contribution to patient safety 
in Switzerland, registering 553 million CDS checks (+50%) on the 
Documedis  platform in the reporting year.®
See definition of adj. EBIT in the section “ .1)  Alternative performance measures”
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Highlights 9

[page 10]
Key figures
Financial key figures
Net sales
in million CHF
Galenica 
Groupe
4,135.6
: Products & Care 1) 1,816.4
: Logistics & IT 1) 3,332.6
EBIT adjusted 2)
in million CHF
Galenica 
Group
234.8
: Products & Care 1) 2) 175.2
: Logistics & IT 1) 2) 61.7
Number of employees
at 31 December 2025
Galenica 
Group
8,427
: Products & Care 6,271
: Logistics & IT 1,551
: Group Services 605
in million CHF 2025 2024 Change
Net sales 4,135.6 3,921.1 5.5%
 Products & Care
1)
1,816.4 1,700.2 6.8%
 Logistics & IT
1)
3,332.6 3,180.5 4.8%
       
EBIT 232.4 214.4 8.4%
 EBIT adjusted
2)
234.8 211.0 11.3%
in % of net sales 5.7% 5.4%  
 Products & Care
1)2)
175.2 160.1 9.4%
in % of net sales 9.6% 9.4%  
 Logistics & IT
1)2)
61.7 53.8 14.8%
in % of net sales 1.9% 1.7%  
       
Profit from continuing operations 183.9 183.7 0.1%
 Profit from continuing operations adjusted
2)
188.7 183.2 3.0%
       
Total assets 3,297.1 3,070.9 7.4%
Shareholders' equity 1,485.0 1,551.8 –4.3%
Equity ratio 45.0% 50.5%  
Capital contribution reserves 87.7 145.0 –39.6%
 Net debt adjusted
2)
674.8 424.1 59.1%
 Debt coverage adjusted
2)
2.3 x 1.6 x  
 Gearing adjusted
2)
44.7% 27.0%  
       
Investments in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 61.1 72.8 –16.0%
       
 Cash flow from operating activities adjusted
2)
245.7 212.1 15.8%
 Free cash flow
2)
–87.4 61.0 –243.2%
       
Employees at reporting date (FTE) 6,558 6,119 7.2%
1) Reported for each segment not taking into account Group Services and Eliminations
2) For details to the adjusted key figures refer to chapter Alternative performance measures of the Annual Report 2025
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Key figures 10

[page 11]
Share price performance in percent
Galenica Swiss Performance Index (SPI)
Share information
in CHF 2025 2024
Share price at reporting date 97.70 74.35
Highest share price for the year 97.70 78.15
Lowest share price for the year 75.05 69.30
Market capitalisation at reporting date in million CHF 4,867.8 3,704.6
 Earnings per share from continuing operations
1)
3.67 3.67
 Earnings per share adjusted from continuing operations
1)2)
3.76 3.66
 Shareholders' equity per share
1)
29.73 31.07
 Gross dividend per share
3)
2.50 2.30
– of which paid out from retained earnings 1.25 1.15
– of which paid out from reserves from capital contributions 1.25 1.15
 Dividend yield
4)
2.6% 3.1%
 Pay-out ratio adjusted
5)
66.5% 62.8%
 Price-earnings ratio (P/E) adjusted
6)
26.0 20.3
1) Attributable to shareholders of Galenica Ltd.
2) Net profit adjusted divided by average number of outstanding shares
3) According to Board of Directors’ proposal to Annual General Meeting of 21 April 2026
4) Gross dividend per share in relation to the share price at reporting date
5) Gross dividend per share in relation to earnings per share adjusted from continuing operations
6) Share price at reporting date in relation to earnings per share adjusted from continuing operations
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Key figures 11

[page 12]
Key figures
Non-financial key figures
Key figures Galenica reports key employee figures on employment, 
occupational health and safety, training and development 
as well as diversity and equal opportunities. In addition, 
further key figures on patient safety and health as well as 
procurement and supply security are published.
Aspect Unit 2025 2024
Employment      
Employees number 8,427 7,971
Investment in training Mio. CHF 5.9 5.9
Apprentices in training number 966 944
Patient safety and health      
Number of healthcare services number 368,000 286,000
Availability of medicinal products on average % 98.6 99.0
Energy consumption      
Energy consumption within the organisation MWh 44,334 44,278
Energy intensity within the organisation
MWh/
FTE 6.76 7.24
Emissions      
Direct and indirect GHG emissions
(Scope 1+2) tCO₂e 5,024 5,433
Other GHG emissions (Scope 3) tCO₂e 396,400 378,700
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Key figures 12

[page 13]
2025 
January
February
March
April
May
June
Roll-out of Prescription 
Manager
The digital assistant is now 
available in all Galenica 
pharmacies.
8th Annual General Meeting  
of Galenica Ltd.
All motions were approved at  
the AGM on 10 April 2025.
Annual results press  
conference
On 11 March 2025, we  
reported a strong  
result for the 2024  
financial year.
Anniversaries
2025 was a year of two 
anniversaries: 20 years 
of Amavita and 25 
years of Coop Vitality.
A new news 
portal
Stories from the 
network are 
becoming more 
visible digitally, 
and channels are 
better connected.
Board of Directors
Nadine Balkanyi-Nordmann 
is nominated to the Board  
of Directors as an expert in 
law and governance.
  
Read more about  
our milestones
 Galenica Annual Report 2025 Milestones 2025 13
Milestones

[page 14]
July
August
September
October
November
December
2026
Entering the  
diagnostics business
Galenica announces  
the acquisition of Swiss 
diagnostics provider 
Labor Team.
Inspiration &  
dialogue
600 managers 
gathered in Lausanne 
on 26 August 2025 for  
the Galenica Leader-
ship Day.
Internal succession 
of General Counsel
Cécile Matter 
(General Counsel) 
and Jürg Pauli 
(Secretary of the 
Board of Directors) 
are taking on new 
roles.
Investor Day 2025
Galenica welcomed 
analysts and investors  
to its Investor Day  
on 28 October 2025.
Partner event at the 
Stapferhaus
Experts from the Swiss 
healthcare system 
discussed how digital 
innovation and empathy 
can work together to 
strengthen integrated 
healthcare.
We are streng-
thening our online 
presence
Galenica is ex-
panding its online 
offering and 
acquiring 80% of 
Puravita as of 
January 2026.
 Galenica Annual Report 2025 Milestones 2025 14

[page 15]
About this report
About this report
Overview In 2023, Galenica introduced an integrated approach to 
reporting. This approach is being consistently refined in the 
current reporting year. The annual and sustainability 
reports are now even more closely interlinked, highlighting 
the close connection between the company’s strategic 
direction, financial performance and the Sustainable 
Development Goals.
The Annual Report covers the period from 1 January 2025 to 31 
December 2025. It provides information on Galenica’s financial situation, 
business performance and strategic axis. Environmental and social 
aspects as well as topics that concern the management of the 
company are also addressed. These are essential for the company’s 
sustainable development. The report thus reflects Galenica’s long-term 
commitment to sustainable healthcare.
Standards and frameworks
The reporting is based on the requirements of the SIX guidelines on 
corporate governance and the Swiss Code of Obligations as well as 
internationally recognised standards and reference frameworks, 
including:
– IFRS Accounting Standards
– GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards
– Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD)
– UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Climate Reporting
The recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) are integrated into the 2025 Annual Report. Climate-
related risks and opportunities are presented clearly and transparently 
for the TCFD core elements of governance, strategy, risk management, 
key figures and targets.
The report is available for download in its entirety in machine-readable 
PDF format. According to the explanations provided by the Federal 
Administration on machine-readable disclosure (Art. 964a et seq. CO), 
this interim solution is permissible under the “comply or explain“ principle.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 About this report 15

[page 16]
Reporting principles
The following reporting principles ensure consistent and transparent 
reporting:
– Accuracy
– Balance
– Clarity
– Comparability
– Timeliness
– Verifiability
Language and readability
In this Annual Report, we attach importance to gender-neutral 
language and easily readable, comprehensible texts. We are aware 
that language makes an important contribution to the promotion of 
equality and inclusion. That is why we strive to communicate in a 
respectful, non-discriminatory and appreciative manner that addresses 
everyone equally.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 About this report 16

[page 17]
Click here for the spotlight
Click here for the spotlight
Spotlight
Pioneers in transition –  
Transformation
Pharmacy of the 
future: the focus 
is on people
Since October 2025, Amavita customers in 
the Glatt shopping centre have been able to 
experience how pharmacies can provide 
even more customer-centric and effective 
support with health concerns: with personal 
advice, digital support and contemporary 
room design. The experience gained from 
the Amavita pilot pharmacy will be 
incorporated into other pilot locations that 
are set to open this year.
Spotlight
Sustainably successful –  
Sustainability
Phased retire-
ment: continuity 
instead of  
abrupt change
A career doesn’t always have to be linear: 
The  phased retirement is one way of 
proactively approaching a management 
change. The example of Ulrich Witschi and 
Thibaut Chapron shows how an ear-
ly-planned transition can meaningfully 
transfer responsibility, connect generations 
and secure expertise in the long term.

[page 18]
Purpose of the company 19
Galenica Strategy 21
About us

[page 19]
About us – Purpose of the company
Purpose of the company
About us Galenica is the leading healthcare provider in Switzerland 
and combines an extensive network of pharmacies, 
pharmaceutical logistics, healthcare products and digital 
healthcare solutions. Galenica has also been active in the 
diagnostics business since 2025 following the acquisition of 
Labor Team. Over 8,000 employees give their best every 
day for the well-being and health of people in Switzerland.
Our vision is the continuous advancement of healthcare in Switzerland 
through innovative, sustainable and patient-oriented solutions. We rely 
on personal, expert advice and a comprehensive range of products and 
healthcare services – anytime and anywhere in Switzerland.
We offer physicians and other healthcare professionals a wide range of 
services to support them in providing optimal care for their patients. In 
addition to logistics, this also includes laboratory services, efficient 
organisation of administrative tasks and digital applications that make 
day-to-day work easier and increase patient safety.
As Switzerland’s largest healthcare network, we play a leading role in 
the market. Our aim is to sustainably strengthen our position, provide 
innovative services and actively shape the healthcare system of 
tomorrow – always in line with our social and environmental 
responsibilities. Our three core values – “We delight our customers”, “We 
act as entrepreneurs” and “We build trust” – guide us in all decisions 
and help us turn our vision into reality. In this way, we support people at 
all stages of life on their journey to health and well-being.
Our vision
Health and well-being are at the heart of what we 
do. They are the reason we give our best every 
day.
Our vision is at the heart of our strategy – the Galenica story. It is 
well established and guides us on our journey into the future. It is 
the ingredient that makes our work so meaningful.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 About us – Purpose of the company 19

[page 20]
Our values
Our three values work in conjunction as a triad and connect us 
across the network:
We delight our customers.
We act as entrepreneurs.
We build trust.
The three values are our compass that guides us in our actions. 
Whatever we do, we want to inspire our customers, act 
entrepreneurially and foster trust. This also applies to our 
employees, partners, patients, shareholders and society. The 
three values help us to set the right goals, make sound decisions 
and provide a simple basis for guiding our actions accordingly.
Our guiding principle
Our guiding principle – there for you every day, strong together – 
sums up our Galenica story and serves as an anchor for 
communicating it. It is there to inspire people and establish a 
sense of community – because it expresses what defines us all 
as the Galenica network:
“There for you every day. #StrongTogether.”
Our guiding principle brings the Galenica story to life and 
communicates it on an emotional level to people inside and 
outside our company.
Our service commitment
Galenica is a network of companies that are passionate about 
their brands. Our top priority is to work together, share ideas and 
harness knowledge and skills. Because we are convinced that 
together, we create the greatest possible added value for our 
customers and partners. We are close to people, think ahead 
and act pragmatically. This approach informs our offerings, 
products and services across our entire network. It is how we 
meet the needs of our clients of today and tomorrow – 
seamlessly, efficiently and personally.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 About us – Purpose of the company 20

[page 21]
Galenica’s corporate strategy focuses on four 
strategic areas of action, each of which has two 
priorities. This is what we use as a guide and  
how we measure ourselves. We pursue our vision 
consistently: to give our customers the very  
best every day for their health and well-being.
Megatrends  
identified include:
– Digitalisation
– Interconnectedness
–  Changing consumer needs
– Drug shortages
– Ageing society
– Shortage of skilled workers
– Climate change
  
Find out more about  
the megatrends
The strategy – our Galenica story – is based on developments and 
megatrends that have been identified in Galenica’s business environ-
ment and ensures that we can react flexibly to changes. This means 
that we are well equipped for the opportunities and challenges of the 
healthcare system of today and tomorrow.
Galenica’s strategy is based on exploiting the opportunities presented 
by megatrends while also minimising risks. By focusing on innovation 
and sustainability, we are positioning ourselves as a pioneer in a rapidly 
changing world. We take advantage of opportunities in new strategic 
business areas or to focus our activities that strengthen key aspects of 
the Galenica network and its value chain wherever these arise.
Strategic fields of action and priorities
The Galenica Story provides us with a framework that allows sufficient 
scope to pursue innovations or tap into new business areas – and 
clearly shows how we are shaping our future development. We set our 
priorities and goals in line with the four strategic fields of action,  
which contribute to sustainability. In doing so, we ensure that Galenica’s 
strategy and activities have a positive impact on society, the environ-
ment and the economy. We pursue a sustainable growth strategy and 
our areas of action are backed by measurable targets. Based on this, 
we define the measures we need to take to be successful and competi-
tive in the long term.
21 Galenica Annual Report 2025 About us – Galenica Strategy
About us
Galenica Strategy

[page 22]
Added value in the network
We generate value for  
customers and partners
Omni-Channel
Health Services & Products
Pioneers in transition
We rethink and move  
forward together
Transformation
Employer of choice
Shaping the future
We are shapping the  
healthcare of tomorrow
Digital Health  
Connecting Healthcare
Sustainably successful
We work efficiently  
and effectively
Efficiency
Sustainability (ESG)
22 Galenica Annual Report 2025 About us – Galenica Strategy

[page 23]
Added value in the network: We generate value 
for customers and partners
With our wide range of healthcare services and products, we create 
added value for customers and partners. We systematically examine 
our offerings along the entire value chain and from the customer’s 
perspective. The broad pharmacy network combined with an efficient 
logistics infrastructure, strengthens supply and makes the healthcare 
system robust. Advisory offerings and digital services ensure low-
threshold access to high-quality healthcare services and relieve skilled 
workers of administrative tasks. Together with strong partners, we are 
continuing to develop our offerings and distribution channels – and 
making an important contribution to the integrated healthcare system 
for Switzerland.
Our main priorities are:
–  We are constantly expanding and optimising our 
pharmacy network and linking in-person and digital customer 
interfaces to ensure the best customer experience regardless of time 
and place.
Omni-Channel:
–  We offer specialist retailers and our 
pharmacies first-class healthcare services and products, increase 
patient safety and relieve the burden on the healthcare system 
through home care.
Health Services & Products:
 We leverage our potential as a 
network by strengthening our digital and physical distribution channels, 
increasing market share in the pharmacy sector and sales of our own 
products, and expanding our positions in the growth markets of home 
care and diagnostics.
Measurable objectives that we pursue:
Shaping the future: We are shaping the 
healthcare of tomorrow
Digitalisation plays a pivotal role in the modernisation of healthcare. We 
aspire to be pioneers and expand our network. Whether by optimising 
logistics processes, using state-of-the-art technologies in all business 
areas or through strategic partnerships and acquisitions – we are 
constantly improving and expanding our offering, making it more 
efficient, sustainable and innovative. In this way, Galenica creates 
significant added value for customers and partners and is helping to 
drive healthcare forward.
Our main priorities are:
–  We are a leader in e-health with innovative solutions 
that make the digital medication process secure, efficient and user-
oriented.
Digital Health:
– We are a pioneer in logistics for the Swiss 
healthcare market and are committed to a fully integrated, efficient 
and secure healthcare system.
Connecting Healthcare: 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 About us - Galenica Strategy 23

[page 24]
 We are advancing digitalisation 
in healthcare and making the prescription process as easy as possible 
for everyone involved – physicians, patients and insurance companies. 
Prescriptions for prescription-only medications are automatically 
transmitted, dispensed and billed. Together with partners, we are 
developing new offerings such as innovative basic insurance models 
and additional services for our pharmacies.
Measurable objectives that we pursue:
Sustainably successful: We work efficiently and 
effectively
More than ever, sustainability has become a central pillar of business 
activity. In a world of constant change, Galenica takes responsibility for 
the impact of its business activities on the environment, society and the 
economy. Sustainability and efficiency are among our key priorities. For 
us, this means implementing projects on time, cost-effectively and in a 
way that conserves resources. We also set ourselves ambitious 
sustainability goals.
Our main priorities are:
– We exploit synergies and simplify collaboration through 
standardised processes and systems. At the same time, we are 
investing in digitalisation, modernisation and automation wherever this 
creates clear added value.
Efficiency: 
– We pursue a holistic sustainability strategy with a 
focus on responsible supply, resource efficiency and climate 
protection. This involves investments in renewable energies, 
environmentally friendly logistics, sustainable construction, the highest 
standards for patient safety and transparent ESG reporting.
Sustainability (ESG): 
 We are increasing customer 
satisfaction, pharmacy profitability and efficiency in wholesale. We are 
securing the future of Galenica through our sustainable business model.
Measurable objectives that we pursue:
Pioneers in transition: We venture new ideas 
and move forward together
This is part of Galenica’s DNA and our 100-year history. We take 
responsibility for ensuring that we will still be there for people’s health 
and well-being in the future. An important part of this is to continuously 
adapt our company to changing customer needs. As an attractive 
employer, we promote diversity, are committed to equal opportunities 
and take care of our talents – in order to attract the best specialists 
over the long term.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 About us - Galenica Strategy 24

[page 25]
Our main priorities are:
– We embrace servant leadership and promote agile 
teams that work together across departments in flat hierarchies to 
drive digitalisation and customer centricity forward. We work 
collaboratively within modern working environments and firmly embed 
lean methodology and agility in our day-to-day work.
Transformation: 
– We promote a development-oriented corporate 
culture and make decisions where expertise is greatest. Flexible 
working models, respectful collaboration and modern leadership 
principles such as flat hierarchies and role models strengthen potential 
development and mental health. Our working environment fosters 
innovation and puts our customers first.
Employer of Choice: 
We strive to be attractive as an 
employer and measure this by the motivation and willingness of our 
employees to recommend us to others. Motivated employees create 
satisfied, loyal customers and drive our transformation forward.
Measurable objectives that we pursue: 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 About us - Galenica Strategy 25

[page 26]
Click here for the spotlight Click here for the spotlight
Spotlight
Added value in the network –  
Health Services & Products
Pharmacies as 
the initial point  
of contact for  
healthcare advice
Pharmacies are playing an increasingly 
important role in primary healthcare. Under 
the name “Consultation plus,” Galenica 
pharmacies offer customers expert support 
for acute health problems. This also inclu des 
vaccinations and various health checks.  
This makes it a valuable relief for medical 
practices and emergency wards.
Spotlight
Shaping the future –  
Connecting Healthcare
Labor Team:  
new diagnostics 
service in the  
Galenica network
With Labor Team, Galenica has acquired one 
of the most innovative diagnostic service 
providers in Switzerland. The company oper-
ates a state-of-the-art laboratory medicine 
and pathology facility and performs over 
seven million analyses annually. Automated 
processes increase efficiency and enable 
scaling. Galenica and Labor Team can now 
create joint offers for existing and new  
customers.

[page 27]
Financial Performance Group 28
Products & Care 30
Logistics & IT 39
External environment 45
Risk management 53
Outlook 2026 57
Management report

[page 28]
Management report - Financial Performance Group
Financial Performance Group
Management report In the 2025 financial year, the Galenica Group generated 
consolidated net sales of CHF 4,135.6 million. This 
represents strong growth of 5.5% compared with the 
previous year. Adjusted EBIT increased significantly by 
11.3% to CHF 234.8 million.
1)
Net sales
+5.5%
Galenica Group CHF 4,135.6 million
EBIT adjusted 1)
+11.3%
Galenica Group CHF 234.8 million
Employees
8,427
Galenica Group
Strong sales performance
Galenica Group sales performed very pleasingly in 2025, growing 5.5% to 
CHF 4,135.6 million. The increase in sales is broad-based across all 
business areas. Galenica further consolidated its position in both the 
pharmacy and wholesale business. The new “Diagnostics” business area 
also contributed to sales growth. Sales growth was driven in particular 
by strong demand for prescription drugs, including GLP-1-based weight 
loss products, as well as dietary supplements.
By way of comparison, the Swiss pharmaceutical market grew by 5.0% in 
the reporting year (IQVIA, Pharmaceutical Market Switzerland, 2025). 
Sales volumes increased by 0.4%.
EBIT growth in line with strong sales 
performance
Reported EBIT increased by 8.4% to CHF 232.4 million (previous year: CHF 
214.4 million). The adjusted  operating result (EBIT) increased 
significantly year on year by 11.3% to CHF 234.8 million (previous year: 
CHF 211.0 million). In addition to strong organic growth, earnings were 
positively influenced by the acquisition of Labor Team in September as 
well as positive special factors in the amount of CHF 6.2 million. The 
reason for this is that sanctions in two competition proceedings were 
significantly lower than originally expected, which boosted earnings in 
the “Logistics & IT” segment.
1)
Adjusted net profit from continuing business activities increased by 
3.0% to CHF 188.7 million (previous year: CHF 183.2 million). The reported 
net profit from continuing business activities was CHF 183.9 million 
(previous year: CHF 183.7 million, 0.1%). The performance of net profit was 
slowed by positive special factors in the previous year. On the one hand, 
extraordinary value adjustments of CHF 10.6 million were recognised on 
earn-out obligations in 2025. On the other hand, the tax-effective 
depreciation of investments in the previous year resulted in an 
extraordinarily low tax rate of 14.4%.
1) 
Balance sheet remains strong
The Galenica Group’s balance sheet remains strong. Adjusted  net 
debt, adjusted for lease liabilities, increased by CHF 250.7 million 
compared to the end of December 2024 to CHF 674.8 million, equivalent 
to 2.3 times adjusted  EBITDA. This increase is primarily attributable to 
1)
1)
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Financial Performance Group 28

[page 29]
the acquisition of Labor Team in the amount of CHF 238.4 million, which 
was completed in mid-September 2025.
Consolidated shareholders’ equity declined slightly by 4.3% to CHF 
1,485.0 million. This was driven in particular by the negative change in 
value of the investment in Redcare Pharmacy. Due to the decrease in 
consolidated shareholders’ equity and the higher net debt resulting from 
the acquisition of Labor Team, the equity ratio decreased by 5.5 
percentage points to 45.0%.
High operating cash flow
At CHF 245.7 million, the adjusted operating cashflow in the 2025 
financial year was well above the previous year’s level (CHF 212.1 million). 
The positive cash flow performance was due to a combination of the 
strong financial results and a targeted focus on the management of net 
working capital.
1) 
Investments in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 
were exceptionally low in the 2025 financial year at CHF 61.1 
million (previous year: CHF 72.8 million). This was mainly attributable to 
the conversions and renovations of pharmacies, the expansion of 
logistics infrastructure at Galexis and investments in the expansion of 
digital infrastructure. The year-on-year decrease in investments is 
attributable to lower investments in connection with the ERP transition in 
logistics.
See definition in section " ".1) Alternative performance measures
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Financial Performance Group 29

[page 30]
Management report - Products & Care
Products & Care
Management report The “Products & Care” segment comprises the four 
business areas “Pharmacies Omni-Channel”, “Products & 
Brands”, “Services & Production” and “Diagnostics”. The 
focus is on the development, marketing and sale of 
services and products through the various Galenica 
distribution channels.
Depending on their needs, end customers can benefit from their own 
bricks-and-mortar pharmacies, home care services, mail-order 
pharmacies and online shops. Galenica also supports healthcare 
providers such as pharmacies, drugstores, physicians, care homes, 
hospitals and home care organisations as a strong partner.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Products & Care 30

[page 31]
“Products & Care” segment key figures
The “Products & Care” segment achieved net sales of CHF 1,816.4 million 
(+6.8%) in the 2025 financial year. Of this, CHF 1,473.3 million (+4.9% 
excluding Coop Vitality and Mediservice) was attributable to the 
“Pharmacies Omni-Channel” business area. The “Products & Brands” 
business area increased sales to CHF 194.2 million (+2.1%), while the 
“Services & Production” business area grew by 4.0% to CHF 119.9 million. 
The new “Diagnostics” business area contributed CHF 40.7 million to 
sales growth.
The adjusted  operating result (EBIT) increased by 9.4% to CHF 175.2 
million in the 2025 financial year, while the adjusted  return on sales 
(ROS) also increased to 9.6% (previous year: 9.4%).
1)
1)
Investments in the “Products & Care” segment amounted to CHF 23.3 
million (previous year: CHF 24.7 million) and were connected with 
pharmacy renovations in particular.
 See definition in section “ .1) Alternative performance measures”
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Products & Care 31

[page 32]
Pharmacies Omni-Channel
Pharmacies in the Galenica network have further expanded their role as 
the first point of contact in the healthcare system. Galenica 
strengthened the pharmacy network by a net figure of 5 locations 
through targeted acquisitions, taking the total to 381 pharmacies (with 
Coop Vitality). Sales in the “Pharmacies Omni-Channel” sector increased 
by 4.9% to CHF 1,473.3 million (excluding Coop Vitality).
Adjusted for the expansion effect of 1.6%, the area grew organically by 
3.3%, which is slightly above market growth for inpatient pharmacies 
taking the product mix into account (Rx and OTC products: 5.3% , non-
drugs segment in the consumer healthcare market: -0.8% ).
2
3
 IQVIA, Pharmaceutical Market Switzerland, 2025
 IQVIA, Consumer Health Market Switzerland, 2025
2)
3)
Pharmacies are playing an increasingly 
important role in basic care.
Strengthening basic care and exploiting market potential
Pharmacies are the easiest way to access healthcare for many people 
in Switzerland: close to home, knowledgeable and effective. When 
experiencing acute symptoms, customers receive prompt, sound 
pharmaceutical assistance at pharmacies. In view of rising healthcare 
costs and a shortage of skilled workers, pharmacies are playing an 
increasingly important role in basic care. They deal with issues relating 
to health and well-being efficiently and take the strain off or 
complement the healthcare system where doing so makes sense. 
Politicians support this development: With cost containment package 2, 
Parliament expanded the remit of pharmacists in the reporting year and 
paved the way for certain services to be covered by compulsory health 
insurance in future.
With “Consultation plus”, Galenica is further advancing the status of 
pharmacies as the first point of contact for healthcare advice and is 
continuously expanding its healthcare services in a customer-oriented 
manner. To this end, the company has been making targeted 
investments in training, infrastructure, digital solutions and marketing 
communication for several years now. And the investments are bearing 
fruit: demand for fee-based consultations and healthcare services rose 
again year on year, increasing by around 29% to 368,000. “Consultation 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Products & Care 32

[page 33]
plus” will be available throughout the pharmacy network by the end of 
2026.
With “Consultation plus”, Galenica is 
advancing the status of pharmacies as the 
first point of contact for healthcare advice.
Collaborations and partnerships boost demand for healthcare services
Demand for vaccinations is also steadily increasing. More and more 
cantons are allowing a broader range of vaccinations in pharmacies, 
and the number of vaccinations carried out rose to around 93,000 in 
2025. Influenza, COVID and TBE vaccinations were once again the most 
in demand. Getting teams qualified in good time as part of the 
“Consultation plus” offering is now enabling Galenica to meet growing 
demand: more than 800 Galenica pharmacists have the necessary 
certificate of proficiency, meaning that almost all pharmacies can offer 
vaccinations. In addition, Galenica expanded its collaboration with 
companies in the year under review: more than 120 companies – from 
small businesses to large companies with over 10,000 employees – gave 
their workforce free flu vaccinations at a Galenica pharmacy. This 
resulted in almost 7,000 vaccinations.
“Consultation plus” has also opened doors for health insurers: thanks to 
standardised services throughout Switzerland, they are increasingly 
positioning our pharmacies as entry points for various basic and 
supplementary insurance models. Cooperations with health insurers are 
also helping to raise awareness of “Consultation plus” in the market. In 
recent years, Groupe Mutuel has attracted a significant number of 
additional customers with its PrimaFlex model. Galenica has also 
concluded two further strategically important collaborations with 
Helsana and KPT, which will take effect on 1 January 2026. From 2026, 
Galenica will therefore be working with six major health insurers as part 
of alternative insurance models, which will enable it to reach around one 
million people with health insurance.
Self-check-out counters enable quick 
purchases.
Galenica tests new pharmacy concept
To make the central role of the pharmacy tangible in day-to-day life, 
Galenica developed a new concept that Amavita has been piloting at 
the Glatt shopping centre Zurich since October 2025. It contributes to 
further expanding consultation as a core task of pharmacies and offers 
a modern customer experience: private consultation areas create space 
for discreet conversations, self-check-out counters enable quick 
purchases, and digital services can be easily integrated into the 
consultation process. By combining digital and bricks-and-mortar 
services, Galenica is also strengthening the relevance of the pharmacy 
in an increasingly virtual healthcare world, where 80% of customers 
obtain information online before seeking advice. Further pilot 
pharmacies are planned for 2026; findings on customer behaviour, 
processes and training requirements will be take into account when 
refining the concept.
Digital services for a seamless customer journey
Galenica is expanding its pharmacy offering with digital services and 
improving the convenience and availability of its services across all 
channels. The Amavita and Sun Store online shops performed positively 
in 2025. Click & Collect orders grew significantly faster than the market 
at around 50%. With the increase in investment in Puravita, announced 
in December, we are now expanding our online offering in the drugstore 
segment and, in particular, in the over-the-counter range. Launched in 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Products & Care 33

[page 34]
early 2025, the Prescription Manager simplifies the management of 
prescriptions and medication orders. Customers can order medication 
and have it delivered to their home or a pharmacy of their choice. By the 
end of the year, more than 46,000 people were already using the new 
digital helper.
Online appointment booking via OneDoc is already well established: 
over 90% of Galenica pharmacies offer appointments for vaccinations 
and other healthcare services this platform. By the end of December 
2025, almost 40% of all appointments for flu vaccinations had been 
booked via OneDoc – significantly more than in the previous year. 
Galenica also networks its offerings via the Well and Compassana 
health platforms, some of which are directly integrated into certain 
insurance models. As a partner of Well and ecosystem partner of 
Compassana since 2025, the services of Galenica pharmacies are 
available to insured people – for example, via the Symptom Checker.
Pharmacy network continues to grow
Galenica is strengthening its network in a strategic manner through 
acquisitions at attractive locations. In the reporting year, additional 
pharmacies were added, including in Lausanne, Biasca and Würenlos. 
Amavita not only celebrated its 20th anniversary in 2025, but also 
opened its 200th location. By the end of 2025, the network comprised 
381 pharmacies. This corresponds to net growth of 5 pharmacies (9 
acquisitions, 1 new opening, 5 restructurings). Further acquisitions took 
effect on 1 January 2026, including Apotheke Ryser AG, which supports 
and supplies numerous institutions in the Burgdorf region, and the 
acquisition of pharmacy pharmacieplus Salzmann in Malleray. Galenica 
is thus further expanding its reach in primary care and strengthening the 
basis for its range of services in both German-speaking and French-
speaking Switzerland.
Own sales points
  31.12.2025 31.12.2024 Change
 Amavita pharmacies
1)
202 198 +4
 Sun Store pharmacies
1)
86 85 +1
 Coop Vitality pharmacies
2)
87 86 +1
 Specialty pharmacy Mediservice
2)
1 1 –
 Majority holdings in other pharmacies
1)
5 6 -1
Total own points of sale 381 376 +5
1) Fully consolidated
2) Consolidated at equity
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Products & Care 34

[page 35]
In the year under review, Galenica made targeted efforts to drive 
efficiency and culture in its pharmacies. The centrally managed pool of 
people on stand-by, for example, optimised resource planning and 
supported productivity as well as cost management. To ensure 
continuous progress, the pharmacies also applied lean methods to 
prioritise activities and implement improvements. Amavita’s 20th 
anniversary also fostered participation and collaboration: employees 
designed the programme themselves, thereby strengthening team spirit 
in the long term.
Winconcept reaches an important milestone for partner pharmacies
Winconcept supports the independent operations of the Feelgood’s 
pharmacy group with a wide range of services. In 2025, the company 
gained 30 new pharmacies as partners – 19 of them in German-
speaking Switzerland, ten in French-speaking Switzerland and one in 
Ticino. This positive development was driven by an expanded offering 
with additional marketing, communications and healthcare services and 
systematic cultivation of relationships. As of 1 January 2026, the 
Winconcept team is supporting 202 partner pharmacies, surpassing the 
key threshold of 200 partner pharmacies.
Products & Brands
In the Swiss consumer healthcare market, Galenica further consolidated 
its leading position with sales growth of 6.2% to CHF 158.0 million. Sales 
growth is supported by Cooper Consumer Health products, for which 
Verfora has been responsible since 2025. One-time effects led to 
exceptionally high disposals in Switzerland and in the export business in 
the same period of the previous year. Export business declined 
accordingly by -12.6% to CHF 36.2 million in 2025.
Sales of Verfora products in the Swiss pharmacy and drugstore market 
decreased slightly by -0.6% due to low demand for cold and pain relief 
products. In the same period, the Swiss consumer healthcare market 
declined by -0.4% , leaving Galenica slightly below market level due to 
the product mix.
3
 IQVIA, Consumer Health Market Switzerland, 20253)
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Products & Care 35

[page 36]
New product lines contributed to 
strengthening Verfora.
Verfora enjoys continued success in its brand development
Verfora successfully continued its strategy of expanding leading brands 
through targeted advertising investments and product range 
expansions in 2025. New product lines and innovations already launched 
in the fourth quarter of 2024 helped strengthen the core brands. At the 
same time, Verfora continued its growth by taking on distribution 
contracts, acquiring the Cooper Consumer Health portfolio and the SVR 
cosmetics brand in January 2025. Complementary medicine showed 
pleasing growth, driven in particular by the very strong development of 
the Omni-Biotic  probiotic range. In terms of exports, the Southeast 
Asian markets for Perskindol  continued to develop positively.
®
®
Services & Productions
The “Services & Production” sector also performed positively and grew 
by 4.0% to CHF 119.9 million. All units – Bichsel, Lifestage and Medifilm – 
contributed to this growth.
Together in the home care market
Galenica has specifically bundled its offerings in the home care sector. 
The digital platform Lifestage Solutions and HomeCare Bichsel have 
been operating on the market with a joint management structure since 
October 2025. The combined expertise creates a unique offering in the 
Swiss home care market: many years of experience in the provision of 
clinical nutrition and a digital platform for the automated ordering and 
billing of consumables. The standardisation of central systems will 
further strengthen integrated care and progressively ease the burden 
on nursing staff. Customers will continue to be approached via the two 
existing, well-established brands, Lifestage Solutions and Bichsel.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Products & Care 36

[page 37]
High demand for patient-specific blister 
packaging.
Blister packaging further expanded and strengthened
Medifilm remained an important growth driver in the year under review 
and further expanded its key role in the Galenica home care network. 
Following the capacity expansion in the previous year, the company put 
another fully integrated blister packaging machine into operation in 
2025 and was already preparing to roll out a third system – an 
important step in meeting rising demand. The number of patient days 
once again increased significantly by 10%, underlining the persistently 
high demand for patient-specific blister packaging in care homes, home 
care organisations and pharmacies. Medifilm works closely with the 
entire Galenica home care organisation; machine blister packaging is a 
key performance element in market development.
Diagnostics
With the acquisition of Labor Team, Galenica was able to further 
develop its healthcare network in September and expand it with the 
“Diagnostics” area. With sales of CHF 40.7 million in 2025, Labor Team 
contributed around 1% to the Group’s sales growth.
The business activities of Labor Team and 
Galenica complement each other perfectly.
Strategic expansion of the healthcare network through the Labor 
Team
Labor Team is the fourth largest private medical laboratory in 
Switzerland with a market share of around 8%. The company has 
approx. 350 employees and covers a wide range of services, ranging 
from laboratory medicine and pathology to personalised special 
diagnostics. In Goldach, it operates the largest central laboratory in 
Switzerland, supplemented by several speciality laboratories and an 
efficient logistics network.
Labor Team is managed by physicians and stands out on the market 
due to its high level of innovation and efficient, largely automated 
processes. In addition, the diagnostics service provider is the only 
laboratory in Switzerland to be certified as a “Green & Sustainable 
Laboratory” by the European Federation of Clinical Chemistry and 
Laboratory Medicine (EFLM). The company is further distinguished by its 
environmentally friendly transport concept that focuses primarily on 
bicycle couriers and rail, contributing to Galenica’s sustainable 
development goals.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Products & Care 37

[page 38]
Strategically, the business activities of Labor Team and Galenica are 
the perfect complement for each other. Together, both companies can 
add value within the network: Galenica can offer its customers 
innovative laboratory services and further expand its offerings in the 
medical market, while Labor Team has access to additional customer 
groups.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Products & Care 38

[page 39]
Management report - Logistics & IT
Logistics & IT
Management report The “Logistics & IT” segment comprises the two business 
areas “Wholesale” and “Logistics & IT Services”. They 
operate and develop the logistics and IT platforms of the 
Galenica Group and offer services to all healthcare 
providers such as pharmacies, drugstores, physicians, 
hospitals and care homes.
The focus is on optimising and further developing the range of logistics 
and services as well as innovative solutions to promote digitalisation in 
the healthcare market.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Logistics & IT 39

[page 40]
“Logistics & IT” segment key figures
The “Logistics & IT” segment performed well in 2025 and generated net 
sales of CHF 3,332.6 million (+4.8%). Of this, CHF 3,255.3 million (+4.8%) 
was attributable to the “Wholesale” sector and CHF 79.6 million (+2.8%) 
to the “Logistics & IT Services” sector.
The adjusted operating result (EBIT) improved by +14.8% year-on-year 
to CHF 61.7 million and the adjusted return on sales (ROS) increased 
from 1.7% to 1.9%. The improved EBIT performance was due to the one-
off special effects of CHF 6.2 million in the year 2025, thanks to 
significantly lower sanctions than originally expected in two competition 
proceedings.
1) 
1) 
Excluding the one-off special factors in the previous year, EBIT improved 
by 3.2%, while the adjusted  return on sales (ROS) fell slightly by 0.1 
percentage points to 1.6% due to the inefficiencies associated with the 
ERP transition at Galexis.
1)
Investments totalled CHF 18.1 million (previous year: CHF 25.8 million). 
These were primarily used for the gradual introduction of the new ERP 
software at Galexis and for the development of the digital 
infrastructure.
See definition in chapter " ".1) Alternative performance measures
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Logistics & IT 40

[page 41]
Wholesale
In the “Wholesale” sector, sales grew by 4.8% to CHF 3,255.3 million. Both 
the physicians segment with growth of 3.9% as well as the pharmacy 
segment with growth of 5.3% performed in line with the market.
In the same period, the overall pharmaceutical market grew by 5.0% , 
the physicians segment grew by 3.9% and the inpatient pharmacy 
segment grew by 5.3% .
2
2 
2
 IQVIA, Pharmaceutical Market Switzerland, 20252)
Increased market share in the medical and wholesale markets
Galexis can look back on a successful financial year. The pharmacies, 
drugstores, hospitals and physicians segments showed pleasing growth. 
Attendance at important pharmaceutical conferences, customer events 
and forums ensured market proximity and intensive dialogue with 
customers. The acquisition of Labor Team by Galenica also opens new 
growth areas in the medical market for Galexis and Pharmapool. Galexis 
already expanded its range with laboratory instruments and other 
accessories for medical practice in 2024, in order to offer integrated 
laboratory services for doctors in the future. In the reporting year, 
Galexis and Labor Team began to develop synergies in terms of 
services, processes and market penetration.
ERP modernisation in Lausanne-Ecublens successfully consolidated
Galexis reached an important milestone in 2025: the conversion of the 
ERP system at the Lausanne-Ecublens distribution centre was 
implemented, making Galexis a pioneer in pharmaceutical wholesale in 
French-speaking Switzerland. With the integrated warehouse 
management system SAP EWM at the heart of logistics and new, 
system-guided order picking solutions, the degree of automation 
increased to over 70%. In the second half of the year, the focus was on 
stabilising processes, expanding the range and fully supplying 
customers in French-speaking Switzerland from Lausanne-Ecublens. By 
the end of the year, Galexis achieved a daily delivery capability of 
around 99% on more than 17,000 items. The aim is to increase the 
volume processed in Lausanne-Ecublens by around 30% in 2026 and 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Logistics & IT 41

[page 42]
increase productivity by additional 3%. For customers, this means faster 
and more reliable availability.
In view of growing complexity in logistics, 
automation and digitalisation are 
indispensable.
Introduction of SAP in logistics as a comprehensive transformation 
project
The switch to SAP in Lausanne-Ecublens was not only an IT project, but 
also a major transformation project that took place during ongoing 
operations and placed high demands on employees. In view of growing 
complexity in logistics, automation and digitalisation are indispensable: 
the increase in generics and biosimilars is raising the variety of items and 
the demands placed on the cold chain. Since 2020, the number of 
preparations in the cold zones has increased by 35%.
The introduction of SAP meant much more than a change of system: 
processes had to be re-learned, collaboration had to be organised 
differently, and an open attitude to change had to be cultivated. These 
changes promote efficiency, transparency and a future-facing way of 
working throughout the company.
The experience gained from Lausanne-Ecublens is being incorporated 
into preparations for the SAP roll-out at the Niederbipp site and into 
further organisational development. With the complete renewal of the 
ERP system landscape, which will be completed in 2026, Galexis is laying 
the foundations for further growth and a high level of security of supply 
in the long term.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Logistics & IT 42

[page 43]
Logistics & IT Services
Net sales in the “Logistics & IT Services” area grew by 2.8% to CHF 79.6 
million.
Alloga and Swiss Post enter into a strategic partnership
2025 was another successful year for Alloga. After completion of the SAP 
project in 2024, the company transformed its organisation using lean 
methods and created forward-looking, role-based structures. The 
consistent implementation of the efficiency programmes has once again 
significantly increased performance and established it in the long term. 
At the same time, Alloga made investments specifically in the 
development of its managers and employees. A strategic partnership 
with Swiss Post also enabled Alloga to expand its storage capacities 
and thus strengthen Switzerland’s security of supply with 
pharmaceutical products. Swiss Post is providing additional pallet 
spaces in the room temperature zone (15°–25°C) in the highly 
automated, Swissmedic-certified logistics centre in Villmergen.
Digitalisation in healthcare supports medical 
professionals and improves patient safety.
Compendium and Documedis: connected for better care
The digitalisation of healthcare is the core area of expertise of HCI 
Solutions. The company supports healthcare professionals with high-
quality data and e-health solutions that improve treatment quality and 
patient safety. Once a printed standard work, compendium.ch is now an 
established digital reference with medical information for healthcare 
professionals and patients. A medical editorial team ensures the quality 
and relevance of the content.
Compendium.ch uses the Documedis  platform, also developed by HCI 
Solutions, as the basis for verified data and services. Documedis  is 
already used by more than 300 systems and applications in the Swiss 
healthcare system. It was presented to the eHealth community at HCI 
Connect in mid-November 2025 and met with great interest. HCI 
Solutions is thus strengthening its positioning as a digital centre of 
excellence within the Galenica Group. Developers can register at 
Documedis  and gain access to interfaces and services in the Galenica 
network, such as regarding pharmacy opening hours or ordering 
processes at Galexis.
®
®
®
The platform thus makes it easier to integrate products and services 
and accelerates digitalisation in healthcare. Documedis  supports 
health professionals with clinical decision support checks (Documedis 
CDS.CE), among other things. These make it possible to check 
medications for risks, duplicate prescriptions or possible allergies. Last 
year, the checks were used over 553 million times – a valuable 
contribution to improving patient safety.
®
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Logistics & IT 43

[page 44]
Galenica is driving forward e-prescriptions 
together with HCI Solutions.
HCI as an expert partner for the Electronic Prescription Switzerland 
initiative
In autumn 2025, as part of the revision of the Therapeutic Products Act, 
the Federal Council announced that medical prescriptions will have to 
be issued and redeemed electronically in future. Galenica is driving 
forward electronic prescriptions (e-prescriptions) together with HCI 
Solutions. HCI Solutions is an expert partner for digital solutions such as 
the “Electronic Prescription Switzerland” initiative, which was launched 
jointly by the industry associations pharmaSuisse and FMH. At a 
roundtable initiated by Galenica in late autumn, these and other 
stakeholders discussed specific steps to promote e-prescriptions. There 
was consensus that its establishment is only possible through 
coordinated collaboration and consistent integration into the primary 
systems of physicians, hospitals and pharmacies. Customers can 
already redeem their e-prescriptions in the pharmacies in the Galenica 
network.
Responsible use of AI
By creating the Data & AI Governance Board, Galenica clearly 
established AI governance in 2025, taking an important step towards 
the implementation of the Galenica Data & AI Strategy. As a key 
component of the Galenica strategy, it creates transparency, gives 
direction and drives innovation for employees and managers, making a 
direct contribution to the achievement of corporate goals.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Logistics & IT 44

[page 45]
Management report - External environment
External environment
Management report In 2025, Swiss health policy continued to be shaped by 
various areas of tension: curbing the rise in costs, improving 
the quality of supply, alleviating the shortage of skilled 
workers and accelerating the digital transformation. Above 
all, the objective of containing costs remained the focus, as 
healthcare spending in Switzerland continued to rise. 
According to the current KOF health expenditure forecast, 
growth will continue to increase over the next few years.
Number of employees in the Swiss 
healthcare sector
753,607
Full-time equivalents (2024, source: 
Federal Statistical Office)
Cost pressure and premium burden
In its annual forecast, the Swiss Economic Institute (KOF) at ETH Zurich 
predicted that healthcare expenditure in 2025 would be above the 
average of previous years and will continue to rise in the years to come. 
The main reasons are increased volumes and the rising costs of long-
term care. Pharmacies make a minor contribution to growth.
According to the Helsana Report 2025, the costs of medicinal products 
are rising for three reasons. Firstly, there are new, high-priced special 
treatments, for example against cancer or for immunotherapies. 
Secondly, the growing and ageing population is leading to an increase 
in volumes and thirdly, the use of generics and biosimilars remains low.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - External environment 45

[page 46]
The rising number of outpatients is also increasing the costs of premium-
financed basic insurance. The introduction of standardised financing of 
outpatient and inpatient services from 2028 onwards will solve this 
problem. The EFAS key provides for standardised financing of outpatient 
and inpatient services. The cantons contribute at least 26.9% and the 
health insurers a maximum of 73.1% of the net costs. Care costs will be 
integrated into EFAS as of 2032.
Cost containment measures 2 strengthens the 
pharmacy sector
In spring 2025, the Federal Parliament approved cost containment 
package 2. This focuses on differentiated pricing for high-priced, high-
selling medicinal products. Pricing models for medicinal products are 
now included in the Federal Act on Health Insurance (HIA). These allow 
for reimbursements, particularly for innovative therapies, which are 
expected to result in price reductions of 20% to 60% compared to the list 
price. The federal government can now set volume discounts for 
products with a large market volume. Once a certain sales threshold is 
reached, part of the sales flows back to the insurers. At the same time, a 
provisional fee from the date of Swissmedic approval allows faster 
access to medicinal products with high medical need.
Cost containment package 2 creates the legal basis for expanding 
services provided by pharmacists that are reimbursed by basic 
insurance. This concerns pharmaceutical consultations to optimise drug 
therapy and patient adherence. Preventive services such as 
vaccinations can now be covered by basic insurance.
Overall, savings of CHF 300 to 400 million per year are expected in the 
medium term. Exceptions for low-priced or cost-intensive drugs are 
intended to strengthen the security of supply. According to the Federal 
Office of Public Health (FOPH), the entry into force of the overall 
package is planned for early 2027, with individual elements being able 
to start before then.
Partial revision of the Therapeutic Products Act 
3a
In autumn 2025, the Federal Council adopted the dispatch on the 
amendment to the Therapeutic Products Act (Revision 3a) and 
submitted it to Parliament. Prescriptions are planned to be issued and 
dispensed electronically in the future to reduce legibility problems, 
counterfeiting and multiple redemptions. The commitment to e-
medication plans is intended to improve patient adherence and 
facilitate communication between healthcare professionals.
An electronic system for calculating drug doses for quality assurance 
purposes is also planned to be used in facilities providing paediatric 
inpatient care. Furthermore, the TPA provides clearer and more specific 
regulations for medicinal products for advanced therapies in order to 
improve access to innovative forms of treatment. The earliest possible 
date for entry into force is given as 2028.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - External environment 46

[page 47]
Agenda for basic care
Federal Councillor Elisabeth Baume-Schneider launched the Basic Care 
Agenda in November 2024. The aim is for all people in Switzerland to 
continue to have access to high-quality basic medical care in the future. 
Over the course of a year of intensive collaboration, around 50 
healthcare organisations have jointly compiled a technical report. This 
was submitted to the Head of the Federal Department of Home Affairs 
(FDHA) in December 2025. However, the final version is not supported by 
all the organisations involved. There is also criticism that essential 
elements of basic care, such as women’s health, are absent from the 
report.
Pharmacies are explicitly mentioned in the report as partners of GP 
practices and the intention is to include pharmacies as part of 
coordinated, continuous care. As part of “needs-based access” for 
people with acute symptoms or in need of advice, the plan is to use 
pharmacies to relieve the burden on GP practices, emergency call 
centres, emergency services and hospital emergency departments. A 
planned competency matrix is designed to clarify which professional 
group is allowed to provide which services in the event of simple 
complaints. Pharmacies are explicitly included in this process.
In 2026, the Minister of Health will prioritise measures that fall within the 
remit of the federal government. She will determine the next steps in 
consultation with the stakeholders concerned.
Pharmacies in Switzerland
1,830
(2025, source: pharmaSuisse)
National digitalisation programme DigiSanté
With the start of the operational phase of DigiSanté in 2025, the digital 
transformation of healthcare will become a strategic focus of 
healthcare policy. The ten-year programme was developed on behalf of 
the FOPH in collaboration with the Federal Statistical Office (FSO). It 
aims to create a national health data space, promote the use of 
electronic prescriptions and e-medication plans, and measurably 
increase the quality, patient safety and efficiency of care. This results in 
new requirements for service providers and companies in terms of 
interoperability, data security and process standardisation as well as 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - External environment 47

[page 48]
new opportunities for interconnected care offerings and data-based 
services.
Hospitals in Switzerland
270
(2024, source: Federal Statistical 
Office)
Transparency and integrity
The FOPH is responsible for implementing the provisions on integrity and 
transparency in the Therapeutic Products Act (Art. 55 and 56 TPA). In 
early December 2025, it announced a clarification of practices with 
regard to payment in exchange for advertising campaigns by 
pharmaceutical companies in medical practices, pharmacies and other 
institutions, which is valid with immediate effect. In the opinion of the 
FOPH, advertising campaigns should not be paid for the market value of 
the advertising service, but only for the actual cost of the work 
performed. The FOPH understands this to mean, for example, the 
activation and display of an advertising screen, but not the equivalent 
value of the advertising shown. Many healthcare associations oppose 
this practical change, as there is neither a legal basis nor a need for it. It 
is to be expected that the legality of the practical change will have to 
be clarified in court.
In 2025, Parliament decided against tightening the rules by adopting a 
parliamentary initiative entitled “Pharmaceutical Industry and Medicine. 
More transparency”. This entailed tightening the TPA with regard to the 
disclosure of vested interests and the acceptance of “non-cash 
benefits”.
New compensation for services provided for the 
LOA V
After extensive consultation, the tariff partners Prio.Swiss and the Swiss 
pharmacy association pharmaSuisse submitted a revised version of the 
new LOA V (service-based remuneration) pharmacy tariff model to the 
Federal Council for final review on 1 June 2025. The Federal Council 
approved the LOA V (service-based remuneration) tariff model in 
October 2025.
The LOA V tariff model includes a more differentiated service structure, a 
bonus-malus system for savings, monitoring with volume brakes and 
new tariffs. The latter applies, for example, to substitution for generics or 
biosimilars, machine blister packaging and the distribution channel. It 
should be emphasised that blister packaging is now included in the 
collective bargaining agreement. Another new feature is that the mail-
order business can benefit from the LOA V tariff model. As a result, the 
activities of pharmacies that were previously remunerated on a flat-rate 
basis will be broken down in a more granular way and linked more 
closely to the promotion of generics and biosimilars as well as cost 
control. The LOA V tariff model entered into force on 1 January 2026.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - External environment 48

[page 49]
Physicians in Switzerland
42,602
(2024, source: Swiss Medical 
Association)
Weakening of the territoriality principle
As part of a consultation process, the Federal Council proposed an 
amendment to the HIA, whereby certain medicinal products and items 
can be purchased in the EEA on a physicians' prescription and paid for 
via basic insurance.
The consultation process ended in March 2025. While major political 
parties support the bill, relevant professional associations such as 
pharmaSuisse are opposed to it. It is unclear when the Federal Council 
will pass the bill over to Parliament.
In 2025, the Council of States voted against weakening the principle of 
territoriality on two occasions. It rejected a motion that provided for the 
reimbursement of medicines and medical aids purchased abroad. It was 
feared that domestic service providers such as pharmacies and 
pharmaceutical wholesalers would be disadvantaged if the motion was 
adopted. Security of supply would also be put at risk if purchases were 
systematically relocated abroad. There were also concerns that 
counterfeit medicines could be imported into Switzerland if purchased 
abroad. From a patient safety perspective, it is problematic that recalls 
of medicines purchased abroad are not possible on the patient’s side.
The Council of States also voted against a motion that provided for 
pilot projects to finance medical services in neighbouring countries via 
basic insurance.
By definitively rejecting both motions, Parliament has strengthened the 
principle of territoriality.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - External environment 49

[page 50]
Completed consultations
Many consultations were held on health policy proposals in 2025, some 
of which are laid out below:
Direct counterproposal to the popular initiative “Yes to 
the security of medical supply”
There are wide-ranging problems with the supply of important medical 
goods. At the federal level, there is a lack of responsibility and thus a 
lack of action. With the direct counterproposal, the Federal Council is 
aiming to close this gap at the constitutional level, while simultaneously 
strengthening existing supply structures. The expansion of the federal 
government’s remit takes account of the popular initiative’s main 
concern, which is justified. The aim is to alleviate the causes of supply 
problems.
Numerous organisations took part in the consultation on the 
counterproposal to the popular initiative “Yes to the security of medical 
supply”, the majority of which supported the counterproposal. However, 
some organisations are calling for certain amendments. The Federal 
Council’s dispatch is expected to be adopted in the course of 2026.
New Ordinance on individual identification features and 
safety precautions on the packaging of medicinal 
products for human use
The draft ordinance stipulates that individual identification features and 
safety precautions are to be applied to the packaging of prescription-
only medicinal products. These are intended to prevent counterfeiting 
and the illegal marketing of medicines in the legal supply chain. Many 
associations are critical of the imposition of this obligation.
Outlook for 2026
Cost trends in healthcare remain the central topic of healthcare policy. 
The focus is on solutions to strengthen the security of supply, which 
remains at risk due to the shortage of skilled workers and medicinal 
products. Measures to curb basic insurance premiums and the high 
losses being made by many hospitals are controversial.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - External environment 50

[page 51]
General topics
Structural change, hospital crisis and outpatient treatment
The hospital landscape is facing profound structural change: many are 
suffering from financial deficits, investment backlogs and a shortage of 
skilled workers, while at the same time certain locations have an excess 
of capacity. Analyses are proceeding on the assumption that, without 
far-reaching transformation, the system could reach its limits due to 
rising demand and a shortage of staff. Policy to promote outpatient 
treatment is intended to help reduce staff-intensive inpatient 
treatment, but requires the targeted expansion of outpatient structures, 
tariffs and coordination models.
Shortage of skilled workers and demographic change
The shortage of skilled workers remains one of the biggest challenges in 
the healthcare sector and continued to intensify in 2025 – particularly in 
general practice, nursing and long-term care. Studies and care reports 
point to thousands of vacancies and an increasing lack of primary care 
providers and qualified nurses. At the same time, the need for services is 
increasing due to an ageing population and more chronic conditions. 
The focus is therefore shifting to efficiency improvements – for example 
through the implementation of the nursing initiative, more attractive 
healthcare professions, new interprofessional care models and easing 
strain through digitalisation and reassignment of tasks (e.g. expanded 
services in pharmacies).
Regulation of pharmaceuticals
The Federal Council is aiming to reduce the administrative burden on 
companies and review existing regulations to this end. As part of the 
Business Cost Relief Act, it has stipulated that, among other things, 
pharmaceutical regulations are to be reviewed for potential 
opportunities to ease strain on the system. A “sectoral study” 
commissioned by the FOPH is expected to be published in the second 
half of 2026.
Planned consultations
In 2026, the Federal Council announced two consultations that are 
relevant for the Galenica Group:
Partial revision of the Therapeutic Products Act 3b
The partial revision of the TPA 3b is intended to lower the hurdles faced 
by the mail-order business. A doctor’s prescription is currently required in 
advance for every order. It will now be possible to order non-
prescription medicinal products without a doctor’s prescription. Mail-
order companies will continue to ensure appropriate expert advice and 
the documentation of all relevant information.
Strict regulations imposed by cantonal pharmacists regarding home 
delivery of medications are to be eased. This will allow pharmacists to 
deliver non-prescription medicinal products to the homes of known 
customers.
The partial revision of the TPA 3b is not expected to enter into force until 
next decade at the earliest.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - External environment 51

[page 52]
Federal Act on the Digital Health Data Space
The Federal Council is expected to open the consultation process on the 
“Federal Act on the Digital Data Space for Health” in the second half of 
2026. This is designed to be a cross-sectional framework act and is 
intended to lay the foundation for the establishment of central services 
to support data flows without discontinuities between media types in 
the areas of treatment, billing, research and public health. It aims to 
define the framework for infrastructure, basic services and secondary 
use.
New legislative consultations
Electronic Health Records Act
In the fourth quarter of 2025, the Federal Council passed the dispatch 
on the Act on Electronic Health Records (
) over to Parliament. The E‑GD replaces the 
previously little-used electronic patient record and goes far beyond that 
in terms of structure, organisation and use. The plan is to give all 
residents a health record automatically unless they actively opt out. In 
addition, the intention is for all service providers to work with it in future. 
The E‑GD relies on a central technical infrastructure procured by the 
federal government, while the cantons ensure its operation and range of 
services. The federal government may also delete data in the E-GD that 
has been entered incorrectly.
E‑GD, elektronisches 
Gesundheitsdossier
It is to be assumed that a referendum will be held on the E-ID Act and 
that the population will vote on the bill. As the second vote on an 
electronic identity (E-ID) in September 2025 was close, with 50.39% of 
votes in favour, it seems to be a great challenge to win a majority of the 
population over to the bill. It is currently unclear whether and how 
Parliament will amend the bill in order to increase the chances of its 
adoption.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - External environment 52

[page 53]
Management report - Risk management
Risk management
Management report Galenica has implemented a comprehensive risk 
management system that aims to identify and assess 
potential risks at an early stage. We use a structured risk 
matrix to identify strategic and operational risks and 
assess them according to their probability of occurrence 
and their potential financial and reputational impact. We 
regularly review and adjust our risk management measures 
to enable us to respond to changing risks. These measures 
ensure that we achieve our corporate goals and secure our 
long-term stability and reputation.
Galenica defines risk as the possibility of an event or action leading to 
immediate financial loss or other negative consequences. Our risk 
management process supports the Board of Directors, the Executive 
Committee and the respective management teams of the Group 
companies in identifying and assessing potential risks in good time and 
taking the necessary preventive measures. The goal of this process is to 
identify, assess and reduce significant risks at all management levels 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Risk management 53

[page 54]
and to manage them while making conscious use of the opportunities 
the process provides.
A strong risk culture within the company is important to us. To raise 
awareness of risks, we hold regular training courses and workshops in 
which employees learn to identify risks at an early stage and take 
appropriate measures.
Group-wide risk management
Group-wide Galenica Risk Management (GRM) comprises the 
systematic identification, assessment and management of risks. Regular 
risk analyses help us to identify potential threats to our business 
processes in good time. These analyses involve assessing the probability 
of occurrence and the potential impact of each risk. Based on these 
assessments, we develop risk mitigation measures, such as 
implementing control mechanisms and contingency plans. In addition, 
we continuously monitor our risk landscape and adapt our strategies to 
respond flexibly to new challenges.
Responsibilities and processes
Our risk managers and the Risk Committee are responsible for the 
strategic planning and implementation of risk management. The risk 
management is integrated into Galenica’s organisational structure, 
which means that processes for identifying, assessing and managing 
risks are defined and integrated into day-to-day operations. The 
Galenica Board of Directors receives a summary of the most important 
risks and measures from the Executive Committee at least twice a year 
and approves the GRM. Suggestions for risk assessments and measures 
are implemented as part of the subsequent risk management process.
The risk management process is managed centrally by the Controlling 
unit, while the operational units are responsible for risk management in 
their respective areas. Specifically, the specialists responsible for each 
risk area survey, categorise and assess the risks every year in spring and 
take measures accordingly. This standardised process is based on a risk 
matrix in order to identify the most important strategic and operational 
risks as well as their possible financial and reputational effects and 
assess them according to their probability of occurrence and potential 
impact.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Risk management 54

[page 55]
Most important risk clusters and measures 
(pursuant to Art. 964a et seq. CO)
Galenica categorises risks into different risk clusters for a structured and 
targeted analysis. A detailed risk description is prepared for each risk 
cluster, including the nature of the risk, the potential causes and the 
potential impact on the company. These descriptions are based on 
predefined criteria and include both qualitative and quantitative 
evaluations.
Specific risk mitigation measures are then developed. These measures 
include preventive strategies to avert risks, as well as reactive plans to 
minimise the impact in the event of their occurrence. Examples of 
measures of this kind include implementing control mechanisms, training 
employees and developing contingency plans. Regular reviews and 
adjustments of the measures ensure that they are always up to date 
and effective.
This systematic approach enables us to ensure that the relevant risks 
are identified and appropriately addressed to ensure the long-term 
stability and success of our business. In 2024, we included climate-
related risks in Galenica risk management as a separate risk cluster. 
Reporting on this can be found in the “
” section.
Climate report (according to 
TCFD)
Risk cluster Risk description Measures
Market regulation
Cost-cutting measures by political bodies or regulatory 
restrictions such as price reductions for medications or other 
services and products covered by statutory health 
insurance.
Detailed analysis of the impact of any measures and 
legislative proposals and development of mitigation 
measures.
Competitors Shortage of skilled workers and high staff turnover. Development of mitigation measures.
Operational 
infrastructure and IT 
security
Failure of technical systems and jeopardisation of delivery 
readiness.
Regular maintenance and adherence to maintenance 
schedules. Renewal of facilities, control systems and 
maintenance contracts with key suppliers.
Cyberattacks on core IT infrastructures and the associated 
loss of sensitive data and business interruption. Regular group-wide awareness training programme.
Patient safety
Incorrect delivery/dispensing of medication (incl. blister 
packaging) to patients (health risk), damage to patient due 
to an internal process error.
Ongoing development of the quality management system in 
the pharmacy, including training.
Data protection
Data protection incident due to unauthorised access or 
unintentional disclosure of personal or sensitive data. Regular group-wide awareness training programme.
Employees Lack of development opportunities for employees.
Further development of training and continuing professional 
development concepts and identification of development 
opportunities via suitable channels.
Procurement market Delivery delay/availability of products/raw materials.
Safety Stock initiative in collaboration with pharmaceutical 
companies to ensure supply. Forward-looking planning and 
increased inventory coverage for sensitive medicinal 
products/raw materials.
Climate-related risks
Operational restrictions, including staff shortages, due to 
rising temperatures and cooling requirements in pharmacies 
and logistics as well as increasing operating costs due to 
climate action regulations.
Protective measures, such as cooling, for employees; 
operational and medication safety measures.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Risk management 55

[page 56]
Internal control system
As part of its risk management system, Galenica operates an internal 
control system (ICS) to ensure reliable internal and external financial 
reporting and to prevent misstatements and errors about business 
transactions. The ICS offers the necessary processes and controls to 
ensure that risks in connection with the quality of the company’s 
financial reporting can be identified and managed in good time. A 
thorough review of the existence of the processes and controls of the 
Galenica ICS is carried out annually by the external auditors at the time 
of the interim audit. The results of these reviews are reported to the 
Audit and Risk Committee. Management takes appropriate measures to 
continuously improve business processes in the areas of purchasing, 
procurement, investment, sales, human resources, general financial 
management and reporting, and IT controls.
Internal Audit
Internal Audit carries out audits of operational and strategic risk 
management and the ICS in accordance with the audit plan determined 
by the Audit and Risk Committee. It carries out audits, analyses and 
interviews throughout the Group and supports the Service Units in 
achieving their objectives by ensuring an independent assessment of 
the effectiveness of internal control processes. Internal Audit prepares 
regular reports on the audits carried out and reports directly to the Audit 
and Risk Committee in writing. The activities of Internal Audit are 
conducted through contracts issued to external service providers.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Risk management 56

[page 57]
Management report - Outlook 2026
Outlook 2026
Management report Galenica is continuing to focus on measures that 
contribute to its four strategic areas of action. This is how 
we orientate and measure ourselves. We consistently 
pursue our vision: to give our customers the best every day 
for their health and well-being.
The entire Leadership Team of Galenica
Julian Fiessinger, 
CFO; Arianne Hasler, Chief People & Culture; Stephan Mignot, Chief Pharmacies Marketing; Andreas Koch, Chief Wholesale & Logistics; Iris Müller , 
Chief Communications Officer; Virginie Pache Jeschka, Chief Pharmacies Sales; Jürg Pauli , Chief Sustainability, Public Affairs & Transformation; Dr 
Thomas Szuran, Chief Products & Home Care; Daniele Madonna, Chief Pharmacies Category Management & Health Services; Lukas Ackermann, Chief 
IT & Digital Business; Barbara Wälchli , Group General Councel and General Secretary (until 31 October 2025); Marc Werner, CEO. (Not pictured: Cécile 
Matter, Group General Counsel since 1. November 2025.)
The Executive Committee of the Galenica Group including members of the extended Executive Committee  (from left to right): 1)
1)
1)
1)
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Outlook 2026 57

[page 58]
Products & Care
– The pharmacy network will continue to be optimised and 
strengthened through acquisitions. With the takeover of Apotheke 
Ryser Ltd. on 1 January 2026 – an established retail pharmacy with 
additional home care business – our portfolio will be expanded to 
include a profitable location with strong regional roots, and our 
presence in primary care will be further expanded.
– We are rolling out the “Consultation plus” offering to all Galenica 
pharmacies and developing and improving it in line with customer 
needs. New healthcare services are being standardised and included 
in the service portfolio throughout Switzerland. At the same time, we 
are investing specifically in the training and development of our 
employees – with the focus on customer enthusiasm.
– The new pharmacy concept, which was first implemented and 
successfully piloted at Glatt shopping centre, is now being rolled out 
to other locations. In 2026, the focus will be on French-speaking 
Switzerland, where we will not only open the first Sun Store pharmacy 
with the new concept, but are also test it at locations of different sizes 
– from pharmacies in shopping centres to village pharmacies and 
neighbourhood pharmacies.
– Galenica is continuing to invest in the expansion of its Omni-Channel 
offerings. The focus is on increasing the use of the Prescription 
Manager, continuously developing customer portals and providing 
targeted digital customer guidance towards “Consultation plus” 
services.
– In the Products & Brands sector, Verfora will gradually expand its 
product portfolio and further strengthen its leading position in the 
Swiss consumer healthcare market.
– In the home care sector, we are further expanding our services for 
home care organisations and nursing homes. The combined expertise 
of HomeCare Bichsel and Lifestage Solutions is creating a unique 
offering: HomeCare Bichsel with its many years of experience in clinical 
nutrition and a strong network, is complemented by the digital 
platform from Lifestage Solutions, which simplifies processes and 
makes care more efficient.
– Due to the continuing high demand for blister packaging solutions, 
Medifilm will further increase capacity by the end of 2026 and ensure a 
stable supply to meet customer demand while maintaining 
consistently high quality standards.
– Labor Team is continuing to systematically pursue its growth strategy 
in the diagnostics sector, thereby further increasing the utilisation rate 
of its highly automated central laboratory. In addition, numerous 
potential synergies are opening up within the Galenica network, 
particularly in terms of access to additional medical customers.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Outlook 2026 58

[page 59]
Logistics & IT
– In the third quarter of 2026, Galexis will switch its warehouse 
management system in Niederbipp to SAP EWM. This means that both 
distribution centres – Niederbipp and Lausanne-Ecublens – will have 
modern, high-performance and scalable systems. They will also form 
the basis for the future use of AI in logistics. Initial fields of application 
such as item allocation, capacity planning, forecasting and customer 
service have already been defined.
– Galexis is already well established in the wholesale trade of medicines 
for physicians and holds a leading market share of around 31%. In 
addition to its existing range of medicines and products for the 
medical market, Galexis can also support the growth of Labor Team 
by purposefully leveraging its established access to potential new 
customers.
– Compendium is the most frequently visited platform in Switzerland for 
information on all aspects of medicinal products. In spring 2026, HCI 
will launch the latest version of Compendium, which will consistently 
place the patient at the centre and further increase patient safety 
thanks to the integration of CDS.CE (clinical decision support). 
Compendium has an AI chatbot to support specialists in finding 
suitable solutions. Developers of software in the healthcare sector will 
also gain practical insights into the new functions at HCI Connect 
events, allowing them to easily integrate these functions into their 
software.
Guidance 2026
For the 2026 financial year, Galenica expects sales growth of 
between 5% and 7%. In terms of adjusted  EBIT, Galenica projects 
an increase of between 6% and 8%. Adjusted for positive special 
factors in the previous year, this corresponds to an increase in 
EBIT  of between 9% and 11%. Galenica strives for strong yet 
sustainable dividend growth and plans a dividend for 2026 at 
least at the previous year’s level.
1)
1)
 See definition of adj. EBIT in the section “ ”1) Alternative performance measures
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Management report - Outlook 2026 59

[page 60]
Find out more
Read our spotlight 
Spotlight
Pioneers in transition –  
Employer of choice
GALivida: Focus 
on health,  
diversity and  
inclusion
Galenica launched the GALivida healthcare 
programme in 2025, combining health, 
diversity and inclusion. We take a wide range 
of measures to promote the health of our 
employees and prevent accidents. In order 
to make mental health visible, a pilot project 
– the “Mental Health Days” – was carried 
out for the first time in November 2025. The 
response shows: the offer meets a real need.
Spotlight
Sustainably successful – 
Efficiency
A site  
reinvents itself
With the launch of the new warehouse 
management system in Lausanne-Ecublens, 
Galexis is systematically aligning its logistics 
with efficiency and long-term performance. 
Around 250 employees jointly implemented 
the challenging SAP transition, supported by 
a cultural change that started early. End-to-
end processes, greater efficiency and batch 
traceability thus ensure a new level of 
quality.

[page 61]
Interview with Chairman and CEO 62
Business model 66
Our sustainability approach 70
Climate report according to TCFD 81
GRI report 89
Energy and climate protection 90
Patient safety 99
Health promotion 105
Attractive workplace 109
Health and safety at work 118
Equality and diversity 123
Ethical business conduct 128
Data protection and IT security 132
Security of supply and  
procurement 137
Supply chain integrity 140
Calculation basis 143
Independent Assurance Report 155
Report on Non- 
Financial Matters

[page 62]
Report on Non-Financial Matters - Interview
“Sustainability is our service commitment 
to the Swiss healthcare system”
Report on Non-Financial Matters How is sustainability achieved in a company that works 
day in and day out for an integrated healthcare system for 
Switzerland? In this interview, the Chair of the Board of 
Directors of Galenica, Dr Markus R. Neuhaus, and CEO 
Marc Werner talk about responsibility, vision and specific 
measures. They explain why sustainability is not merely a 
strategic obligation for Galenica, but rather a factor that 
sets it apart – and how innovation, collaboration and clear 
goals shape the path to continued success and health in 
future.
GRI 2-22 Galenica speaks of the “integrated healthcare 
system of the future”. Is sustainability an 
obligation or a vision in this context?
 Both. Today, sustainability is both a 
strategic prerequisite and an important distinguishing feature. Our 
economic success is based on societal, social and environmental 
responsibility. Sustainability in all its dimensions is a key component of 
Galenica’s core business. The most important topics include patient 
safety and a reliable supply of medicines in Switzerland. The Board of 
Directors bears ultimate responsibility for all sustainability matters – 
including the climate – and ensures that these are integrated into the 
strategic axis.
Dr Markus R. Neuhaus, CBD:
 Operationally, this means that we have a group-
wide Sustainability Committee headed by Jürg Pauli, Chief 
Sustainability, Public Affairs & Transformation. The people with 
responsibility in this area in the Galenica network collaborate across 
departments and are responsible for implementing the measures. 
Objectives are set and coordinated centrally. In this way, we 
consistently pursue our ambitions based on clear KPIs. I am convinced 
that sustainability can only be achieved by working together. It must be 
supported by everyone and regularly placed on the agenda of the 
Executive Committee.
Marc Werner, CEO:
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Interview 62

[page 63]
Dr Markus R. Neuhaus, CBD
What does ESG mean from a patient’s 
perspective – aside from just reports and 
ratings?
 Patient safety – and thus the social aspect of ESG – is our core 
Sustainable Development Goal. We rely on the highest quality 
standards and digital innovations to ensure the safety of our patients at 
all times. These include consistent compliance with GDP (Good 
Distribution Practice) guidelines in pharmaceutical logistics, regular 
audits and digital solutions such as Documedis , which help to avoid 
medication errors. In 2025, healthcare professionals triggered 553 million 
CDS.CE Checks; by 2030, we aim to reach 1 billion. Another focus is on 
continuously increasing customer satisfaction. The high level of 
employee satisfaction measured in 2025 will help us in this regard.
CEO:
®
 Security of supply is our second priority. More than 700 medical 
products  are currently unavailable in Switzerland – ranging from simple 
painkillers to antibiotics and medicines for complex therapies. The 
causes are manifold and mostly global. In order to guarantee the best 
possible supply of available medications – our target is 99% on average 
– Galenica is investing in renewing the infrastructure of logistics 
companies. Through digitalisation and automation, we are improving 
planning security and availability. In addition, we are working with 
industry partners and authorities to strengthen resilience in the event of 
supply bottlenecks. These include collaborations such as the Safety 
Stock Initiative with Sandoz and compulsory stock reserves for critical 
therapeutic products that Alloga manages on behalf of the 
pharmaceutical industry.
CBD:
What else is needed to achieve the Sustainable 
Development Goals?
 Close alignment between investment decisions, management 
culture and sustainability strategy. Established standards are needed 
along the entire supply chain so that social, ethical and environmental 
requirements are taken into account and Galenica can stand up for its 
values as a company.
CBD:
 Our focus is on the best employees, strong partners and a 
forward-looking corporate culture. We invest heavily in collaboration 
and transformation. This includes positioning the pharmacy as the initial 
point of contact for healthcare advice – in order to relieve the burden 
on other service providers, including emergency wards. We are 
expanding consultation services and cooperating with health insurers, 
thus making an important contribution to stabilising healthcare costs 
and ensuring high-quality care.
CEO:
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Interview 63

[page 64]
"We are committed to 
reducing our greenhouse 
gas emissions in the 
future in line with the 
Science Based Targets."
Dr Markus R. Neuhaus
CBD
What are the most important environmental 
goals – and where does Galenica stand today?
 We report in accordance with the GRI Standards and structure our 
sustainability focus according to the principle of dual materiality. We are 
committed to reducing our greenhouse gas emissions in the future in line 
with the Science Based Targets and thus making an active contribution 
to limiting global warming to 1.5°C. This ensures that our reduction path 
meets the requirements of the Paris Climate Agreement.
CBD:
 We take the environment and climate into account in our day-to-
day business. When performing renovations, we focus on energy 
efficiency, short transport routes through local partners and renewable 
energy sources such as solar panels on the roofs of our logistics centres. 
Our vehicle fleet is gradually being converted to renewable drive 
systems. When renovating our headquarters as well as in the 
pharmacies, we reuse construction materials and furniture and focus on 
sustainable materials.
CEO:
"In our pharmacies, 
operational management 
can also be taken over by 
a pharmacy specialist."
Marc Werner
CEO
Being an attractive employer is also one of 
Galenica’s strategic objectives and contributes 
to sustainability. What does that mean 
specifically?
 As Chair of the Board of Directors, it is important to me that the 
compensation policy is clear, transparent and strategically aligned. It 
must promote performance and sustainable value creation, be in line 
with the market and at the same time provide incentives for long-term 
corporate goals. Forward-looking succession planning is just as crucial: 
we think in the long term and insist that key positions be secured by 
internal managers with strong track records. For me, broad leadership 
skills and a resilient talent base, innovation and a performance culture 
that makes Galenica successful in the long term are important for 
continuity.
CBD:
 We embrace servant leadership and forge attractive development 
paths. In our pharmacies, operational management can also be taken 
over by a pharmacy specialist. At the same time, we create modern 
working environments, such as those at our headquarters in Bern, that 
foster motivation and collaboration. Diversity is key to us – whether in 
terms of language, culture, age or gender. Women account for more 
than 55% of our leadership positions, for example. The health of our 
employees is our priority – our initiatives are designed to prevent 
workplace injuries, reduce sickness absences, and create a safe and 
supportive working environment.
CEO:
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Interview 64

[page 65]
Marc Werner, CEO
What is the difference between Galenica’s 
management of ESG topics and “compliance 
only”?
 Integration. Responsibility for sustainability is not limited to one 
isolated department but is borne by the entire company. From the 
Board of Directors to the Governance, Nomination and Sustainability 
Committee and the Sustainability Committee: goals, risks and 
opportunities are discussed several times a year – and are thus actively 
managed.
CBD:
 Ongoing training programmes on topics such as artificial 
intelligence, compliance and data protection are a prerequisite for 
minimising risks and seizing opportunities safely. We rely on this 
educational approach and consistently uphold responsible behaviour. 
This boosts innovation, efficiency and trust among customers and 
partners – and secures our competitiveness in the long term.
CEO:
What are your next steps for Galenica in terms 
of sustainability?
We ensure that both business risks and environmental and social 
impacts are taken into account by precisely implementing targets, 
taking regular steps to double down on dual materiality and 
transparently disclosing ESG value contributions. At the same time, we 
aim to achieve net zero emissions by 2050 and align our reduction 
pathways in line with the Science Based Targets (SBTi).
CDP: 
 We are driving forward our transformation in order to inspire 
customers. To achieve this, we are expanding our healthcare services 
and extending digital offerings that strengthen the healthcare system 
and increase convenience for service providers and customers. And we 
take care of our employees.
CEO:
And on a personal level, what drives you?
 Responsibility towards society, customers, investors and 
employees – and the conviction that acting sustainably brings value to 
the company.
CBD:
That we strengthen trust with every step: the best advice, the most 
suitable product, at the right time, on the most sustainable path – for 
the well-being and health of people in Switzerland.
CEO: 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Interview 65

[page 66]
Report on Non-Financial Matters – Business model
Business model
Report on Non-Financial Matters Galenica is active in the healthcare industry and offers 
healthcare services and products throughout Switzerland. 
Its customers include patients, pharmacies, drugstores, 
physicians, hospitals, care homes, home care 
organisations, health insurers and pharmaceutical 
companies.
GRI 2-6
Art. 964b para. 2 no 1. 
CO
The business activities of the Galenica Group comprise two segments.
"Products & Care" segment
The “Products & Care” segment comprises four business areas with 
offerings for patients and end customers of pharmacy services, as well 
as offerings for business customers and partners in the healthcare 
industry.
“Logistics & IT” segment
The “Logistics & IT” segment comprises the two business areas 
“Wholesale” and “Logistics & IT Services”. They operate and develop the 
logistics and IT platforms of the Galenica Group and offer services to all 
healthcare providers such as pharmacies, drugstores, physicians, 
hospitals and care homes.
The value chain of the Galenica network comprises the production, 
logistics, marketing and sale of products and services in the healthcare 
market.
Inputs
Financial capital
– Equity/shareholders
– Liabilities
2.3x Net debt
KPIs
Produced capital
– Buildings (owned/rented)
– Infrastructure (transport/IT)
– Production equipment (internal/external)
– Vehicle fleet (own/partner)
15% Vehicles with alternative drive systems
381 Pharmacies
CHF 61.1 million Investments in property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets (capex)
KPIs
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters – Business model 66

[page 67]
Intellectual/innovation capital
– Brands
– Distribution licences
– Proprietary software
– Investments in digital services
– Specialist staff
>80 Own and partner brands
CHF 6.5 million Investments in proprietary software
KPIs
Human capital
– Number of employees
– Training/further education
– Personnel expenses
– Cultural development
8,427 Employees
CHF 610.6 million Personnel expenses
CHF 5.9 million Investments in further education
KPIs
Social capital
– Strong long-term partnerships
– Regulators
– Suppliers
– Customers
>2,500 Suppliers
>45 Memberships in associations
KPIs
Ecological capital
– Energy use
– Fossil fuels
– Renewable resources
– Water
– Land
100% Electricity from renewable sources
15% Renewable drives for vehicle fleet
KPIs
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters – Business model 67

[page 68]
Business model
Outputs/Impacts
Financial capital
– Sales/profit
– Operating Cash Flow
– Dividend
5.7% ROS
2.6% Dividend yield
KPIs
Produced capital
– Pharmacy network
– Products
– Security of supply/procurement
98.6% Availability of medicinal products
KPIs
Intellectual/innovation capital
– Healthcare services in pharmacies
– Licensing of own software
– Consistent customer experience
– Efficient processes
– Patient safety
– Prevention
– Generics substitution
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters – Business model 68

[page 69]
553 million CDS.CE checks
368,000 Health services performed
KPIs
Human capital
– Employee satisfaction
– Motivation
– Employer attractiveness
– Safe working environment
12.7% Turnover rate
59.9% Women in management
0.1% Absence rate of work-related injuries
78 Motivation score
27 eNPS
KPIs
Social capital
– Broader product range
– Remuneration of health insurers
– Efficiency gains
– Expansion of expertise
– Representation of interests
– Long-term contracts
– Integrity in supply chains
– Reputation
– Customer satisfaction
>10 Partnerships with health insurers
78.8% Net Promoter Score (degree of target achievement)
KPIs
Ecological capital
– Emissions
– Water consumption
24,499 MWh Electricity consumption
5,024 tCO e GHG emissions (Scope 1+2)
KPIs
2
Outcomes
Contribution to the SDGs
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters – Business model 69

[page 70]
Report on Non-Financial Matters - Our sustainability approach
Our sustainability approach
Report on Non-Financial Matters Sustainability is an integral part of Galenica’s corporate 
management. This is based on the steadfast belief that 
proactive and responsible action contributes significantly 
to the long-term economic success of a company and has 
an impact both within and outside a company.
Our sustainability principles
Our economic success is based on taking responsibility for society and 
the environment.
This conviction is reflected in the three key sustainability goals of the 
Galenica Group. Supported by the Executive Committee, they form an 
essential part of the Group’s corporate culture.
Value of the company
We increase the value of the company in the long term by having 
a sustainable impact.
Employees
We oblige our employees to act responsibly and ensure they 
have a safe, flexible and supportive working environment.
Resource efficiency
We use resources sparingly and efficiently and reduce negative 
environmental impacts.
With these guiding principles, we educate and motivate employees to 
continuously increase our resource efficiency, capacity for innovation 
and, ultimately, competitiveness. On the other hand, the lively, ongoing 
dialogue with the various stakeholders helps to identify requirements 
and expectations at an early stage and to maintain Galenica’s strong 
reputation.
Our key sustainability topics are integrated into our corporate vision and 
strategic fields of action and are therefore part of our 
.
corporate 
strategy
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Our sustainability approach 70

[page 71]
GRI 2-12, 2-13, 2-14, 2-17
Art. 3 CPO
Sustainability organisation
Sustainability at Galenica is organised in a multi-level manner and is not 
relegated to a separate department. Sustainability is coordinated via 
the Sustainability Committee (SC), while responsibility is divided across 
multiple different levels.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Our sustainability approach 71

[page 72]
GRI 2-16 Sustainability and its associated responsibilities are discussed by the 
various committees at regular intervals several times a year.
– The Board of Directors, which approves the Sustainable Development 
Goals and monitors the progress of target achievement, discussed the 
topic of sustainability and climate matters four times in 2025, taking 
into account the assessment of the Governance, Nomination and 
Sustainability Committee (GNSC).
– The Sustainability Committee (SC) met four times with all members in 
attendance in the reporting year. The focus was on the climate risk 
analysis, SBTi, the materiality analysis, customer satisfaction and 
employee health. In between the full meetings, several meetings were 
held in individual working groups to discuss the progress of the 
Sustainable Development Goals and the implementation of measures 
that were further specified or already implemented directly in the 
responsible areas in 2025.
– The aspects relevant to the Executive Committee for the 
implementation of the sustainability strategy were introduced and 
discussed in this committee by the Chief Sustainability, Public Affairs & 
Transformation at least four times a year. No critical matters were 
reported to the Board of Directors during the reporting year.
GRI 2-14, 3-1, 3-2
Art. 964b para. 2 no 1. 
CO
Materiality analysis and matrix
As in 2023, we again carried out a materiality analysis based on the 
principle of double materiality in the reporting year. This ensures that we 
continue to focus on sustainability topics that are relevant to Galenica. 
The resulting updated materiality matrix was reviewed and approved by 
the Executive Committee and the Board of Directors.
The starting point for the process was a list of around 40 topics 
consisting of sustainability standards, legal requirements on non-
financial reporting, the important topics to date and a peer analysis. 
This information was broken down into 13 potentially relevant areas, 
which largely coincided with the previous ones. The selection of topics 
was checked and confirmed in interviews with industry experts for 
completeness. Internal and external stakeholders – including investors, 
partners, suppliers, employees and associations – assessed the 
potentially important topics from two perspectives based on an online 
survey in accordance with the principles of double materiality:
– Financial relevance for Galenica (outside-in perspective)
– Relevance for the social, environmental and economic environment of 
Galenica (inside-out perspective)
The results of the survey are visualised in the matrix below. A topic is 
considered material if it has a medium to high impact on the 
environment and society or is of medium to high business relevance. On 
this basis, ten topics were classified as material. These have been 
divided into the areas of “Focus” and “Manage” for further strategic 
prioritisation. The “Focus” topics are of particular strategic relevance to 
Galenica’s business model. Three of the topics examined are below the 
threshold and are not currently among the material topics, but will 
continue to be monitored.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Our sustainability approach 72

[page 73]
Further information on managing the material topics can be found in the 
 section and in the .Sustainability organisation GRI Report
 Click on the different icons in the graphic for 
interactive information.
Note on the graphic:
Our Sustainable Development Goals
The Sustainability Committee defined specific Sustainable Development 
Goals, which were approved for the first time by the Board of Directors 
in late 2021. Since then, these goals have been regularly monitored and 
modified. Following the revision in 2024, the Sustainability Committee 
reviewed the goals again in the reporting year and fleshed them out in 
greater detail – in particular the environmental targets, which are now 
defined as science-based climate targets in accordance with the 
requirements of the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). The 
Executive Committee and the Board of Directors have approved all the 
changes.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Our sustainability approach 73

[page 74]
Corporate governance
We raise issues among our employees at 
least six times a year, tailored to the respective target group.
awareness of compliance 
We raise  among our employees at least 
six times a year, tailored to the respective target group.
awareness of data protection
We raise e among our 
employees at least six times a year, tailored to the respective target 
group
awareness of IT security and cybercrim
.
We achieve an annual  in the pharma sector.service level of 99%
Patients and customers
We will increase the use of  to 
500 million by 2025 and 1 billion by 2030.
Clinical Decision Support Checks (CDS.CE)
We expect our suppliers to comply with the
and verify this with at least 10 random checks per year.
 Supplier Code of Conduct
 is at the centre of all activities. The satisfaction of 
end customers is systematically measured by their willingness to 
recommend us to others (rNPS) and the gap compared to the average 
of the competition is determined.
Customer satisfaction
We will increase the number of  provided by 10% 
each year until 2027 (base year 2023).
healthcare services
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Our sustainability approach 74

[page 75]
Employees
Employee survey  The aim is to achieve a participation rate of 
over 75% and a motivation rate of between 75 and 80.
“Opinio”:
We are  the  by 10% by 2027 (base year 2023 for 
Pharmacies Sales, 2024 for all other areas).
reducing time-to-hire
We will improve diversity in all units and group companies, keeping the 
proportion of  at 50% and increasing 
the proportion of women in senior management to 33% by 2027.
women in management positions
We will  the  due to occupational accidents 
and illnesses (physical and mental) by 10% (base year 2023).
reduce absenteeism rate
Environment
Galenica commits to reducing absolute 
65% by 2035 compared to 2023 base year.
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions
We commit to setting science-based targets for 72% of our 
 measured by emissions in categories 1 (purchased goods and 
services) and 4 (upstream transport and distribution) by 2030.
supplier 
volume,
We are committed to achieving in line with 
Switzerland’s national climate targets.
net zero by 2050, 
Specifically, the following changes were made to the target wordings in 
the reporting year:
For all three targets in the area of corporate governance, the phrase 
“several times a year” was replaced with the specific number of times 
the measures are carried out. This makes the target easier to measure 
and makes the extent to which the target is achieved more meaningful.
In order to link the material topic of “security of supply and procurement” 
with a Sustainable Development Goal, the target “We will achieve an 
annual service level of 99% in the pharma sector” has now been set. We 
had already identified this figure in the past, but had not linked it to a 
specific goal.
The target has been adapted to the topic of the “employee survey”. 
Instead of a continuous annual increase, which is capped, we set a 
target minimum value. We have also provided the motivation rate with a 
specific value range, which makes this key figure more relevant. The aim 
is to maintain the high level of motivation.
In addition to the proportion of women in management positions 
(management and senior management), the goal relating to equality 
and diversity was extended to include the target of 33% in senior 
management in order to embed the spirit of this ambition in senior 
management positions, too.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Our sustainability approach 75

[page 76]
From 2026, we will also require consistent compliance with the Supplier 
Code of Conduct in addition to the annual review of at least 10 
suppliers. Violations will result in appropriate action being taken based 
on the findings.
After completing a full Scope 3 screening for the first time in 2024, we 
devised science-based reduction targets across all scopes in 2025. The 
previous energy and emissions targets will be replaced by these new 
targets, which are currently being validated by SBTi. As a result, the 
base year is being adjusted from 2021 to 2023.
With the measures taken and implemented in 2025, we were able to 
achieve most of our targets. Due to new or revised processes and 
expanded data bases, some targets will be slightly delayed or have 
been adjusted based on new insights.
Further information on progress towards our Sustainable Development 
Goals can be found in the GRI Report.
Progress of the sustainability goals
GRI 2-29
Art. 964b para. 2 no 1. 
CO
Dialogue with stakeholders
Meaningful stakeholder engagement is characterised by continuous 
two-way communication and depends on the goodwill of all those 
involved. To promote successful collaboration, we rely on regular 
dialogue via various communication channels. This allows the various 
stakeholder groups to proactively voice their concerns and 
expectations of the company at any time. We address the resulting 
topics and shape further dialogue in line with the current challenges and 
needs of our stakeholders. This ensures that the topics are relevant to 
the target group and that the dialogue brings added value for both 
sides. The Executive Committee regularly discusses the concerns and 
priorities of the various stakeholder groups and reports to the Board of 
Directors. In this way, stakeholder concerns are incorporated into the 
decision-making process as far as possible.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Our sustainability approach 76

[page 77]
Stakeholder group Why we are committed How we are committed Topics discussed in 2025
Customers Increase customer satisfaction— Customer surveys— Satisfaction with healthcare 
services
—
Determine potential for 
improvement
—   Low-threshold access to 
healthcare services
—
Shareholders Increase trust in the company— Dialogue at AGM— Galenica’s role in Swiss healthcare—
Cashflow— Annual communication via 
Annual Report
— Further development of the 
company
—
Galenica as an attractive and 
secure investment
— Investor Day and roadshows— Innovation and new business 
areas
—
  Direct investor dialogue—  
Suppliers Continuous improvement 
process in quality management
— Code of Conduct for Suppliers— Quality aspects—
Transparency— Direct dialogue between 
purchasing and delivery partners
— Costs and prices—
Providing a seamless service— Satisfaction survey of key 
suppliers
— Innovations—
Supply chain integrity— Safety Stock Initiative— Supply chain integrity—
Ensuring ability to deliver—   Product availability—
Scientific institutions Promoting young talent— Financing of the Chair of the 
University of Bern (Pharmacy)
— Quality of teaching—
Co-financing of Professorship of 
Practice at ETH Zurich
—
Training for healthcare 
professions
— Lectures on vocational training— Attractiveness of healthcare 
professions (retail pharmacy)
—
Current and potential employees Attracting and retaining 
qualified employees
— Active recruitment— Galenica as an attractive 
employer
—
Employee satisfaction and 
motivation
— Fringe benefits— Attractiveness of healthcare 
professions
—
  Fair employment conditions—  
  University marketing/events—  
  Position Galenica as an 
employer of choice
—  
Authorities and associations Political influence— Membership of association 
boards
— Galenica’s role in Swiss healthcare—
Ensuring sustainable business 
operations
— Regular dialogue with relevant 
associations
— Opportunities and risks of 
liberalisation in the healthcare 
sector
—
  Meetings with politicians, 
authorities
— Costs/cost containment—
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Our sustainability approach 77

[page 78]
GRI 2-28 Memberships of associations and interest groups
Galenica is involved in various healthcare and industry associations in 
order to represent its interests. Membership in these organisations allows 
us to help shape the framework conditions for Galenica and strengthen 
our network. In addition, we gain new insights into our business activities 
through exchanges with other companies and organisations. In the 
period under review, Galenica was a member of the following 
associations and interest groups:
, Association of the Swiss Self-Medication Industry
, Association for the Improvement of Quality in 
Treatment of Chronic Diseases in Switzerland
, Swiss Commercial Vehicle Association
, Switzerland’s liberal think tank
, the association of major professional blister packers in 
Switzerland
, Centre d’Animation des Pharmaciens de Suisse
, Association of Swiss Laboratories
 (FIAL)
, professional association for continuing medical education
, Society for Clinical Nutrition in Switzerland
, Marketing Society
, European Healthcare DistributionAssociation
, Groupement Romand de l’Industrie Pharmaceutique
, Swiss Association of Public Health Administration and Hospital 
Pharmacists
, organisation for standards and solutions as the basis 
for digitalisation  compulsory storage 
organisation for therapeutic products
, association for technical data exchange in healthcare
, e-health interest group
(IFCC)
, Verein Kunststoffentorgung in der Schweiz (Association for Plastic 
Disposal in Switzerland)
 Sponsoring Association, Swiss umbrella association of 
medical networks
, Swiss Pharma Logistics Association
, Swiss Association of Pharmacists
, Refdata Foundation
 Swiss Association of Nutrition Industries
, the Do Tank of the Swiss healthcare system
, Business Association for Chemistry-Pharma-Biotech
 Swiss Society of Hospital Hygiene
, research and development activities
Swiss Cosmetics and Detergent Association
, Swiss Society of Clinical Chemistry
, leading networking organisation for the 
Swiss healthcare ecosystem
, Swiss Medical Technology Association
Healthcare Retailers Association
, Electronic Payments Association
, Association of Independent Pharmacies
, Association of Pharmaceutical Companies in Switzerland
ASSGP
Association QualiCCare
ASTAG
Avenir Suisse
Blistersuisse
Freedom Healthcare Alliance
CAP
FAMH
Fédération des industries Alimentaires Suisses 
FMH
GESKES
Gesellschaft für Marketing
GIRP
GRIP-Pharma
GSASA
GS1 Switzerland
Helvecura Genossenschaft,
IHE Suisse
Interessengemeinschaft eHealth
International Federation of Clinical Chemistry and Laboratory Medicine 
KEIS
Medswiss.net
pharmalog
pharmaSuisse
Refdata
SANI,
SanteneXt
ScienceIndustries
SGSH,
Sitem-Insel AG
SKW, 
SSCC
Swiss Healthcare Startups
Swiss Medtech
Swiss Society for Medical Informatics
GFH, 
VEZ
VGUA
VIPS
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Our sustainability approach 78

[page 79]
, Swiss Mail-order Trade Association
, Association of Swiss Mail-Order Pharmacies SMVO, Swiss 
Medicine Verification Organisation
, Swiss Association for Therapeutic Products in Complementary 
Medicine
, Association of Industrial and Service Groups in 
Switzerland
, Verein Netzwerk Logistik e.V. (Network Logistics 
Association)
, National Economic Society of the Canton of Bern
VSV
VSVA
SVKH
Swissholdings
VNL Switzerland
VWG
Our contribution to the Sustainable 
Development Goals
The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) form the global reference 
framework for sustainable development. The Galenica Group is 
committed to the SDGs. As the largest network in the Swiss healthcare 
market, we make an important contribution to SDG 3 (Good health and 
well-being). This goal is at the heart of our business activities and is in 
line with our vision of doing the best for the health and well-being of our 
customers every day. In addition, our corporate activities contribute to 
SDG 5 (Gender equality), SDG 8 (Decent work and economic growth), 
SDG 13 (Climate action) and SDG 16 (Peace, justice and strong 
institutions).
The safety, health and well-being of our patients are our top priority. We 
reinforce this self-image with several Sustainable Development Goals 
that relate to the following material topics: patient safety, health 
promotion and security of supply and procurement. The physical and 
mental health of our employees is also a high priority at Galenica. This is 
why we take targeted precautions to protect the health and safety of 
all employees in the workplace.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Our sustainability approach 79

[page 80]
We are committed to diversity and equal opportunity. The Galenica 
network brings together people from more than 85 countries and all age 
groups. Three quarters of our employees are women. Our Code of 
Conduct states that we do not tolerate any discrimination or 
harassment. With the Sustainable Development Goal on this topic, we 
are aiming to improve diversity in all areas and companies and to retain 
or increase the proportion of women in management positions.
We strive to offer attractive jobs both to bring in and retain the 
necessary specialists in healthcare professions and IT, and to 
purposefully promote the next generation of young talent. Our 
employees are key to our success. We consistently promote employee 
motivation and development by offering our employees attractive and 
fair employment conditions, modern and flexible working models and 
various programmes and opportunities for further development. Through 
all these measures, we are supporting and contributing to sustainable 
labour and economic growth in Switzerland. We measure our ambition 
based on two specific Sustainable Development Goals.
We promote the use of renewable energies in distribution and the use of 
public transport and electric cars by our employees. We endeavour to 
increase energy efficiency and are investigating the installation of solar 
panels. We have also set specific targets for reducing greenhouse gas 
emissions and replacing fossil fuels, which we measure and report 
through several targets in this area.
With digitalisation in healthcare, the importance of IT security and data 
protection is increasing. Galenica protects patient and customer data 
as well as internal information against unauthorised access and loss. We 
attach great importance to conducting our business activities in an 
ethical and legal manner. All of our business activities are conducted in 
accordance with applicable laws, and respect for human rights is non-
negotiable for us. We also ensure that human rights are upheld and 
require our suppliers to comply with the Supplier Code of Conduct. With 
all these measures, we strengthen trust and contribute to an inclusive 
society and strong institutions.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Our sustainability approach 80

[page 81]
Report on Non-Financial Matters - Climate report (according to TCFD)
Climate report (according to TCFD)
Report on Non-Financial Matters In addition to the impact of our business model on the 
environment, we are also looking at the extent to which 
environmental impacts and climate change affect our 
locations, operations and value creation along the entire 
value chain, or may in the future. As part of our legal 
obligations, we therefore report on the impact of climate-
related risks and opportunities in accordance with the 
guidelines of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) and the measures to proactively 
manage these.
Art. 3 CPO Governance
The analysis of climate-related risks and opportunities is integrated into 
Galenica’s existing governance processes. Details on the responsibilities 
of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee can be found in 
the chapter .Sustainability organisation
Strategy
Galenica regularly analyses the impact of climate-related risks on the 
Group. In accordance with the TCFD recommendations, we draw a 
distinction between physical risks from climate and weather events as 
well as transition risks or opportunities from decarbonisation and the 
associated legal, social, economic and technological changes. These 
may influence our business activities, strategy and financial planning 
through the necessary measures to reduce CO . At the same time, 
climate-related opportunities may also arise, for example through 
efficiency gains and increased competitiveness. Climate-related risks 
and opportunities are systematically identified, categorised and 
assessed.
2
Risks are assessed qualitatively and categorised according to 
probability of occurrence and financial impact. In addition, the risks and 
opportunities are classified on a time scale: short-term (1–3 years), 
medium-term (3–10 years) or long-term (10+ years).
Factoring in different scenarios
When analysing climate-related risks and opportunities, we take into 
account various climate scenarios. Drawing on a data-based scenario 
analysis, the assessment of the future impact of the identified risks and 
opportunities on the business strategy was refined. To assess resilience 
to climate change, we consider three different scenarios that are based 
on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change scenarios and are 
considered an international standard. These are each made up of a 
projection on the development of society and the economy (known as 
“shared socioeconomic pathways”, e.g. SSP1) and an associated figure 
on the greenhouse gas-induced heating output (e.g. 2.6):
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Climate report (according to TCFD) 81

[page 82]
– The scenario corresponds to SSP1-2.6, which assumes 
global warming of below 2 degrees Celsius by the end of the century. 
SSP1-2.6 implies the most consistent climate-related transition of the 
economy and is therefore crucial for the analysis of transition risks.
“below 2°C” 
– The scenario corresponds to SSP2-4.5, which 
assumes global warming of just under 3 degrees Celsius, and 
describes a middle ground.
“business as usual” 
– The most drastic climate change trend is represented by the 
 scenario (SSP5-8.5), which is suitable for an in-depth 
examination of physical risks.
“above 4°C”
“Below 2°C” scenario – 
SSP1-2.6
International cooperation 
promotes joint climate 
action and the efficient use 
of resources. A 
comprehensive switch to 
renewable energies and 
the introduction of circular 
economies reduce 
emissions and material 
consumption. Business and 
society are oriented 
towards sustainable 
practices, meaning that 
companies align their 
business models 
accordingly.
– Greenhouse gas 
emissions are drastically 
reduced in order to keep 
global warming below 
2°C.
– Tends to be associated 
with high transition and 
lower physical risks.
“Business as usual” 
scenario – SSP2-4.5
This scenario is 
characterised by limited 
international cooperation 
and only gradual climate 
action. The energy supply 
remains heavily dependent 
on fossil fuels, while 
renewable alternatives are 
only slowly introduced. 
Production models remain 
predominantly linear and 
resource-intensive, while 
recycling is limited. The 
economy and consumption 
are still oriented towards 
conventional practices and 
sustainable decisions are 
only made some of the 
time.
– Greenhouse gas 
emissions remain high 
and global warming 
forecasts are well above 
2°C, tending towards 
almost 3°C.
– Some intensified 
transition and physical 
risks.
Extreme value scenario – 
SSP5-8.5
International cooperation 
is weak and technological 
innovation focuses on 
efficiency and productivity 
rather than sustainability. 
The energy supply remains 
dominated by fossil fuels, 
with a strong focus on 
economic growth and high 
consumption. Sustainability 
plays almost no role, 
resource-intensive 
consumption grows 
steadily.
– Emissions continue to 
rise, leading to massive 
warming of 4°–5°C and 
extreme climate risks.
– Tends to be associated 
with low transition risks, 
but high physical risks.
Climate-related risks and measures
The risks identified in this way and their potential impact on Galenica 
are summarised in the following table.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Climate report (according to TCFD) 82

[page 83]
Climate-related risks and measures
Category Risk/opportunity Impact description
Extreme weather 
and flooding 
(physically acute)
Disruptions in the 
supply chain due to 
extreme weather 
events and flooding
Upstream supply chain and own sites
Loss of sales or increase in costs due to supply problems with medicines, loss of suppliers, disruption in 
the supply chain, building and material damage, logistics interruptions
1) medium term; 2) medium; 3) medium
Temperature rise 
and heat stress 
(physically chronic 
and acute)
Operating restrictions 
due to rising 
temperatures
Own operations
Lower sales/cost increase due to increasing staff shortages due to heat (in logistics and pharmacies), 
lower productivity, potential shortening of opening hours
1) medium term; 2) medium; 3) medium
Cooling requirements 
in pharmacies and 
logistics
Own operations
Increased energy costs, increased staff costs (skills)
Requirement for cooling systems (due to rising temperatures)
1) short term; 2) high; 3) high
Climate-related health 
and behavioural 
changes among 
consumers
Downstream supply chain
Lower sales: Absence/reduced impact or postponement of allergy or flu season.
People avoid cities and therefore visit pharmacies less (shift offline > online, resulting in lower margins), 
yet generally increasing demand for medical support due to environmental challenges and 
demographics
1) short term; 2) medium; 3) medium
Policy
Increase in 
manufacturing costs 
for OTC drugs due to 
regulation
Upstream supply chain
  
Increasing regulation: increasing taxes and prices (certain raw materials or increased transport 
requirements, ESG EU criteria, electricity prices, CO 2)
1) short term; 2) medium; 3) medium
Rising operating costs 
due to climate action 
regulations
Own operations
Higher energy and operating costs
Further regulations (CO): corresponding increase in staffing costs
1) short term; 2) high; 3) medium
  
Deteriorating transport 
conditions for delivery 
services due to CO 2
taxes
Downstream supply chain
  CO 2tax on transport services could reduce the gross margin for pharmacies.
1) short term; 2) high; 3) medium
Market
Increasing 
sustainability 
requirements of 
business customers
Downstream supply chain
Increasing costs due to higher demands from the market and the deployment of staff
1) medium term; 2) high; 3) medium
Opportunity
Innovation in working 
models triggered by 
climate change
Own operations and downstream supply chain
Changes in working time models required by climate change
1) long-term; 2) high; 3) medium
Offers in response to 
changing disease 
patterns due to 
climate change
Downstream supply chain
Higher temperatures lead to new diseases or diseases that were previously unknown within the scope of 
our preparations or deterioration of health, especially among vulnerable people. This increases the 
demand for services and products in pharmacies.
1) medium term; 2) high; 3) medium
Improved reputation 
due to focus on 
sustainability
Own operations and downstream supply chain
Sustainability as part of the value proposition: Galenica is perceived as an attractive employer and 
business partner
1) medium term; 2) medium; 3) medium
1) Time horizon: short-term = 1-3 years; medium-term = 3-10 years; long-term = >10 years
2) Probability of occurrence: Low = low probability <30%; Medium = possible 30% to 70%; High = very likely >70%
3) Financial impact (cash-out): Low <5 million; Medium 5-15 million; High >15 million;
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Climate report (according to TCFD) 83

[page 84]
Impact of climate-related risks and opportunities
The assessment shows that most risks are of a physical nature, such as 
flooding or landslides, which may cause acute disruptions in pharmacies 
and in the supply chain. For the Group’s own locations, software-based 
risk values were used to prioritise floods, extreme weather and extreme 
temperatures, which reflect river floods, storms and heat, among other 
things. For example, the extreme value scenario shows that the number 
of tropical nights and the duration of heat waves will more than double, 
particularly in the south and east of Switzerland and in urban areas 
(heat island effect).
Chronic physical risks due to long-term temperature changes could 
impact the entire value chain, especially the production of OTC 
medicines such as phytomedicine, which could necessitate a relocation 
of production.
In addition, climate-related changes could lead to productivity losses in 
the company's own operations and have more serious financial 
consequences, such as changes in disease patterns or climate-related 
behavioural changes among consumers. This could lead to lower sales 
or higher costs due to increased staff shortages caused by heat. 
However, Galenica could also take advantage of opportunities in the 
long term if it prepared in good time for new patterns of behaviour or 
disease. This requires timely investment in alternative sales channels, 
such as an increased focus on online consultations or the manufacturing 
and distribution of new medicines.
In the transition to a lower-carbon economy, Galenica may also be 
exposed to political, legal or market economy risks in order to fulfil the 
requirements to mitigate and adapt to climate change. The most 
significant risk is increasing regulation, in particular the CO  tax and 
other regulatory requirements, such as ESG reporting. This affects 
Galenica’s entire value chain and could result in higher purchasing and 
operational costs as well as shrinking margins and service losses.
2
Sustainability as a competitive advantage
Opportunities can arise if Galenica takes effective climate action and 
successfully adapts its business model and strategy to the challenges of 
climate change. CO  taxes could serve as a catalyst for innovative 
logistics and distribution models. Galenica could improve its customer 
service, particularly through advanced last-mile concepts that optimise 
delivery frequencies. Electric vehicle fleets and energy-efficient 
commercial buildings may also increase the attractiveness of the 
company as a responsible and forward-thinking business partner.
2
Galenica has embedded sustainability as a core principle in its 
corporate strategy and is therefore well prepared for future demands 
from politicians, customers and partners. These efforts could be key to 
attracting and retaining talent and fostering stable long-term business 
partnerships. Overall, sustainability as part of Galenica’s value 
proposition could become a driver for innovative solutions and offerings 
in an increasingly environmentally conscious market economy.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Climate report (according to TCFD) 84

[page 85]
Resilience taking into account different scenarios
Galenica acknowledges the importance of sustainability and recognises 
both the opportunities and risks that climate-related changes entail. By 
taking a proactive and strategic approach, the company ensures that it 
is prepared for future challenges while at the same time having the 
opportunity to seize opportunities as they arise.
The analysis shows that Galenica is exposed to both climate-related 
risks and opportunities. While the “business as usual” scenario (above 
2°C) entails risks for the company’s infrastructure and supply chain 
security, these impacts are further in the future and allow Galenica to 
take preventive action. Galenica is focussing on maintaining a 
financially sound foundation, a diversified supply chain and protecting 
and upgrading its sites against climate-related physical risks such as 
flooding.
The extreme value scenario shows the locations and regions in 
Switzerland where the physical risks may be most acute. Based on this, 
Galenica will continue to develop adaptation and action plans and will 
be able to strategically assess the regional demand for healthcare 
goods and services in future in a more specific way.
The “below 2°C” scenario, and thus the decarbonisation of the 
economy, also involves some risks. However, Galenica estimates that 
their financial impact will be moderate. In addition, the company is well 
positioned, having already integrated sustainability and climate 
considerations into its corporate strategy and implementing measures 
to increase energy efficiency and reduce operational emissions. This 
enables Galenica to mitigate transition risks while also laying the 
foundations to harness potential climate-related opportunities.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Climate report (according to TCFD) 85

[page 86]
Risk management
In 2024, climate-related risks were identified for the first time in 
accordance with TCFD guidelines and integrated into the Group’s risk 
management process. This first step was based on an analysis 
conducted during a workshop involving relevant functions from across 
the Group. The results were incorporated into a risk matrix, which, like 
the other 13 risk clusters, served as the basis for approval by the 
Executive Committee and the Board of Directors in autumn 2024.
In the 2025 reporting year, our assessment of climate-related risks went 
into yet greater depth. A tool-based, quantitative analysis was carried 
out for the first time for the physical risks. The tool used relies on 
science-based climate scenarios and enabled a detailed location 
analysis within the Group. In doing so, we considered different scenarios 
to assess the potential impact of extreme weather events and long-
term climate change on our sites.
Climate-related risks are managed as part of group-wide Risk 
Management (GRM), as described in the management report (see 
). Specific responsibilities have been defined for the newly 
introduced “Climate Risks” risk cluster. The specialist areas Sustainability 
and Controlling work closely together to regularly monitor climate-
related risks and make adjustments if necessary. Risk mitigation 
measures – such as site analyses or scenario analyses – are part of the 
established risk management process.
Risk 
management
Climate risks are assessed based on the same criteria as other strategic 
and operational risks and included in the risk matrix. The results feed into 
the half-yearly reporting to the Executive Committee and the Board of 
Directors and are approved in line with the other risk clusters. This 
ensures that climate-related risks are continuously monitored and taken 
into account as part of company-wide risk management.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Climate report (according to TCFD) 86

[page 87]
Key figures and targets
CO  emissions are the key figure for Galenica’s climate management. 
Reducing them not only helps to mitigate climate change, but also 
reduces the physical risks that may arise from extreme weather events. 
In addition, a consistent reduction in emissions reduces the transition 
risks arising from regulatory requirements and market changes. The 
defined reduction targets are therefore an integral part of our climate 
transition plan, which is described in detail in the following section.
2
Transition plan: Galenica’s path to net zero emissions
The identification of climate-related risks and opportunities encourages 
Galenica to reinforce sustainability as an integral part of its corporate 
strategy and to systematically reduce its CO  emissions. In line with 
Switzerland’s national climate targets, we are committed to achieving 
net zero emissions by 2050. To achieve this goal, we have defined 
science-based interim targets (near-term targets as defined by the 
Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi)) that are currently in the 
validation phase at SBTi. These interim targets lay the foundation for our 
pathway to decarbonisation and ensure that our climate strategy is 
aligned with global efforts to limit global warming to 1.5°C.
2
Targets
– Galenica commits to reducing absolute Scope 1+2 greenhouse gas 
emissions by 65% by 2035 (base year 2023).
– Galenica is committed to ensuring that 72% of its supplier volumes, 
measured against emissions in categories 1 (purchased goods and 
services) and 4 (upstream transport and distribution), will have 
scientifically sound targets by 2030.
In order to achieve these goals and increase Galenica's resilience to 
climate-related risks, the Group has addressed sustainability – and 
therefore also climate-related issues – centrally: Sustainability in all its 
forms is firmly rooted in the corporate strategy and an integral part of 
the measures working towards the decarbonisation of the Group. In 
2026, Galenica also plans to develop an in-depth climate strategy that 
includes the reduction of total greenhouse gas emissions (all scopes) by 
2050.
 Sustainability is firmly rooted in 
the corporate strategy, the business model and the strategic areas of 
action and priorities. The strategic priority of “Efficiency” in particular 
aims to use resources sustainably and reduce CO  emissions. The 
definition of group-wide objectives and measures forms the framework 
for resource-conserving and efficient operations.
Integration into the corporate strategy:
2
In order to mitigate 
potential climate risks and take advantage of the opportunities. 
Galenica is striving to continuously reduce its operational emissions 
(Scope 1+2). The activities focus on the following areas:
Initiatives to reduce operational emissions: 
– Use of renewable energies: From 2025, Galenica will obtain electricity 
from renewable sources at all operating sites. To this end, Galenica 
relies on its own photovoltaic systems and heat pumps, among other 
things.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Climate report (according to TCFD) 87

[page 88]
– Increased energy efficiency: When undertaking renovations, Galenica 
focuses on measures to increase energy efficiency, such as the 
renovation and insulation of roofs.
– Reduction of fuel consumption: In distribution, Galenica is increasingly 
relying on vehicles with more efficient or renewable drive systems. 
Vehicle capacity utilisation is also being optimised.
Reduction of Scope 3 emissions
In 2024, Galenica carried out a first complete screening of its Scope 3 
emissions. In the current year, the inventory of Scope 3 emissions was 
further refined and fully disclosed for the first time.
The initial screening served as the basis for developing a reduction path 
to net zero, the associated measures and for examining a possible SBTi 
commitment. The main instrument in the efforts made to date in the 
supply chain has been the Code of Conduct for Suppliers, which also 
covers environmental aspects. Since 2025, Galenica has been 
conducting random checks to ensure compliance with the Code.
More information on the management of greenhouse gas emissions and 
the detailed measures and KPIs can be found in the section on 
 protection.
energy 
and climate
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Report on Non-Financial Matters - Climate report (according to TCFD) 88

[page 89]
GRI report

[page 90]
GRI report – Energy and climate protection
Energy and climate protection
Report on Non-Financial Matters Galenica is committed to using energy as efficiently as 
possible and to purposefully reducing the associated 
environmental impacts and climate-related risks. At the 
heart of this are the strategic priorities “Efficiency” and 
“Sustainability”, which pool together group-wide initiatives 
for the sustainable use of resources – with the clear aim of 
continuously reducing the CO emissions of the entire 
Galenica Group.
2
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 1 CO
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 4 
CO
For Galenica, energy is a key factor in the day-to-day operation of 
logistics centres, pharmacies and IT infrastructure. High quality 
requirements, compliance with good distribution practices (GDP) and 
the “same day” distribution of medicines throughout Switzerland require 
a considerable energy input. Energy consumption and the associated 
emissions have a direct impact on the environment and society. At the 
same time, climate change brings with it risks and opportunities for 
business success. This is why we are committed to reducing energy use 
and the resulting greenhouse gas emissions along the entire value chain 
as far as possible.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Energy and climate protection 90

[page 91]
Impacts, risks & opportunities Characterisation
Energy use and associated greenhouse gas emissions are the main driver of climate change.
Negative, actual
Entire value chain
By reducing greenhouse gas emissions in its own operations and along the value chain, Galenica can 
nevertheless contribute to meeting the federal government’s climate targets.
Positive, potential
Entire value chain
Regulatory developments concerning CO₂ levies and stricter energy efficiency requirements can lead to 
rising costs in connection with energy consumption and emissions. Risk, in-house operations
Rising global temperatures, extreme weather events and resource shortages, for example, can lead to 
interruptions in the supply chain or compromise business operations. Risk, entire value chain
Improvements in the energy efficiency of in-house operations and the introduction of renewable energies 
can reduce dependence on volatile energy markets. Opportunity, in-house operations
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 5 
CO
Our objectives
In line with Switzerland’s national climate targets, we are committed to 
achieving net zero emissions by 2050. To ensure this goal, we have set 
science-based interim targets (near-term targets according to the 
SBTi), which are currently undergoing validation by the SBTi.
Goal Status
Target 
year
Measurement 
parameter   2025   2024
Galenica commits to reduce absolute 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 65% by 2035 
from a 2023 base year ↗ 2035
  tCO 2e reduction 
to base year 
(market-based)   –27%   –21%
Galenica also commits that 72% of its 
suppliers by emissions covering purchased 
goods and services and upstream 
transportation and distribution will have 
science-based targets by 2030 ↗ 2030
% supplier 
commitments   54%   n/a
↗ Realistic
→ Partially delayed/critical
↘ Critical
= Achieved
× Not achieved
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 2-3 
CO
Our management approach
The transition plan – and thus the consistent management of our energy 
consumption and the associated emissions – is at the core of managing 
our climate change-related impacts, risks and opportunities. The topic is 
therefore also embedded in various functions and processes within the 
Group.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Energy and climate protection 91

[page 92]
Transitionsplan
The Galenica Group aims to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions 
by 2050 at the latest. To achieve this objective, science-based interim 
targets (SBTi) have been defined and are currently in the validation 
phase. For Scope 1 and Scope 2, the aim is to reduce absolute emissions 
by 65% by 2035 (base year 2023). In Scope 3, we strive to have at least 
72% of our emissions falling under the categories 3.1 and 3.4 covered by 
science-based CO  targets set by our suppliers by 2030. The roadmap 
includes specific milestones and measures that are reviewed annually 
and adjusted if necessary.
2
We are focusing on a wide range of measures to implement the 
transition plan:
– Electrification and transformation of the vehicle fleet and optimising 
delivery routes
– Increasing energy efficiency in buildings and infrastructure through 
technical and structural measures
– Purchase of 100% renewable electricity
– Introduction and further development of a group-wide supplier 
engagement programme to involve suppliers in the climate strategy
The progress of the individual measures is measured annually based on 
defined KPIs (e.g. absolute emission reduction, proportion of renewable 
energies, number of suppliers with science-based CO  targets) and 
published in the sustainability report.
2
The Executive Committee of the Galenica Group is responsible for 
implementing and managing the transition plan. Operational 
implementation is carried out by the respective companies and sites, 
whereby the energy-intensive sites in particular – Alloga in Burgdorf, 
Galexis in Lausanne-Ecublens and Niederbipp as well as the Bichsel 
Group in Interlaken – have defined mandatory reduction pathways for 
energy consumption together with the Energy Agency of the Swiss 
Private Sector (EnAW) and the Swiss Federal Office of Energy (SFOE).
The above sites have implemented energy measures in 2025 that will be 
effective in the future, including:
– Galexis Lausanne-Ecublens: 85,948 kWh/a and 152.6 tCO /a2
– Galexis Niederbipp: 368,572 kWh/a and 97.1 tCO /a2
– Alloga: 4,855 kWh/a and 0.047 tCO /a2
The entire reduction pathway, cumulative to 2034, envisages savings of 
1,219 MWh and 0.801 tCO  at Alloga, 5,259 MWh and 967 tCO at Galexis 
Niederbipp and 3,199 MWh and 1,895 tCO  at Galexis in Lausanne-
Ecublens.
2 2 
2
Target attainment is supported by group-wide guidelines and 
management instruments, such as an Environmental Code of Conduct, 
which gives all employees specific recommendations on saving energy 
and using natural resources sparingly at work and when travelling.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Energy and climate protection 92

[page 93]
As the central steering body, the Sustainability Committee monitors 
progress and ensures compliance with targets. The integration of 
climate-related risks and opportunities into Group risk management 
also ensures the holistic management and continuous development of 
the transition plan (see ).climate report
Sustainability in the vehicle fleet
Our vehicle fleet is the biggest driver of our Scope 1 and 2 emissions. We 
have set ourselves the goal of promoting the use of renewable energies 
in distribution logistics and embedding this in our distribution strategy. 
Our first priority is using delivery vehicles with alternative drive systems 
(biogas, electric). If this is not possible, we strive to increase energy 
efficiency by using vehicles with high energy classes. The drivers also 
regularly take part in driver training sessions in which they are made 
aware of environmentally conscious driving practices. These principles 
also apply to logistics service providers, which has a positive effect on 
our Scope 3 emissions.
As part of the switch to alternative drive systems, in 2025 we introduced 
another e-delivery vehicle with GDP standard and corresponding 
charging infrastructure at the Galexis distribution centre in Lausanne-
Ecublens. As a result, at the end of 2025 two vehicles powered by biogas 
and one electrically powered GDP delivery vehicle were in use – out of a 
total fleet of 168 GDP vehicles. The conversion of the vehicle fleet to 
alternative drive systems entails a number of challenges: the limited 
range and long charging cycles of vehicles and cargo compartment 
refrigeration units result in an efficiency of only around 50% compared to 
their service life. From a financial perspective, too, the higher 
procurement costs are also hampering the rapid company-wide roll-out 
of a GDP fleet.
In order to increase the energy efficiency of conventional vehicles, our 
joint venture partner Health Supply is limiting their maximum speed. In 
lorry deliveries, our pre-wholesale and wholesale partner companies are 
increasingly using commercial vehicles that meet the highest emission 
standards (currently Euro VI) and delivery routes are continuously 
optimised with regard to efficiency (avoidance of empty drives, etc.) in 
order to make the service provided to customers as sustainable as 
possible. As a result, well over 100,000 km were saved in 2025, including 
at Galexis, despite growing transport volumes.
Galenica also supports sustainability initiatives for logistics companies 
within the framework of associations (e.g. GS1) and in collaboration with 
authorities and other public institutions (e.g. hospitals). Moreover, the 
proportion of alternatively powered personal company vehicles is being 
steadily increased.
Vehicle energy consumption declined further year-on-year to a total 
consumption of 14,054 MWh, which is equivalent to a decline of 6.1% on 
the previous year.
Focus on increasing energy efficiency during renovations
To reduce our heat consumption, we continually explore ways to 
increase the energy efficiency of our buildings and infrastructures. In 
doing so, we rely on various technical and structural measures that are 
tailored to the local conditions.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Energy and climate protection 93

[page 94]
These include the use of district heating, improved insulation, for 
example the thermal insulation and optimised air compressors in 
operation at Alloga, as well as energy-efficient construction methods 
such as the Minergie Eco concept implemented by Lifestage Solutions. 
Heat pumps are also used at several locations – for example, Galexis in 
Niederbipp and Alloga in Burgdorf use groundwater as an energy 
source. In addition, state-of-the-art measurement and control 
technology ensures precise management and optimisation of energy 
use at Galexis in Niederbipp. In the reporting year, with consumption of 
4,161 MWh, we were able to save  around 400 MWh (previous year 4,567 
MWh) in electricity purchases, while maintaining our own PV 
consumption at around 1,650 MWh. Due to a lightning strike, the 
interruption-free supply of power to the data centre was damaged and 
had to be supported by the emergency generator (consumption: 938 
MWh).
At Galexis in Lausanne-Ecublens, too, we were able to reduce heat 
consumption (total 474 MWh) by 59 MWh in the reporting year (previous 
year 533 MWh) by switching to district heating. The district heating is 
generated by wood pellets and has replaced natural gas heating.
Thanks to these measures, the Galenica Group’s heat consumption was 
further reduced in the reporting year: in 2025, heat consumption 
amounted to 5,781 MWh (2024: 5,973 MWh).
However, the heat supply to our pharmacy locations can only be 
influenced to a limited extent, as these are mostly located in rented 
properties and structural or technical modifications cannot be carried 
out directly by Galenica. Consequently, the resulting emissions are 
included in our Scope 3 emissions.
Maximising the share of renewable electricity
Electricity is the most important energy source within the Galenica 
Group and – excluding heat pumps and electric vehicles – accounts for 
around 56% of our total energy consumption. Due to the central role of 
electricity, it was particularly important to decarbonise this area at an 
early stage. In 2025, Galenica’s electricity consumption rose to 24,499 
MWh (previous year: 23,341 MWh), which corresponds to an increase of 
5.0%. Our companies cover a certain portion of their needs with a variety 
of renewable energy sources. At six locations, we can obtain some of 
our electricity from solar panels on the roofs of the buildings. At the 
Galexis and Bichsel sites, these PV systems are owned by the company. 
We cannot use all of the solar power we generate ourselves (2025: 1,646 
MWh) for our own needs. In 2025, we therefore fed 468 MWh of solar 
energy back into the grid. Hydropower accounts for the majority of our 
renewable electricity supply. In 2025, Bichsel purchased 100% 
hydropower directly from the electricity supplier. Galenica purchases 
guarantees of origin for certified hydropower every year for its remaining 
operational and administrative sites. For 2025, we already purchased 
guarantees of origin for 17,500 MWh in the reporting year. Together with 
the companies’ direct procurement, this results in a share of renewable 
electricity in total consumption of 89% (this basis was used to calculate 
the market-based emissions for the reporting year).
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Energy and climate protection 94

[page 95]
In 2021, we set ourselves the goal of sourcing electricity exclusively from 
renewable sources for our own operation by 2025. To achieve this goal, 
we will purchase guarantees of origin in the first quarter of 2026 to cover 
the remaining electricity supply. This approach means that 100% of our 
electricity supply will come from renewable sources such as hydropower 
and solar energy.
GRI 302-1, 302-2, 302-3,  
302-4
Art. 964b para 2 no. 5 
CO
Total energy consumption
Total energy consumption within the Galenica Group increased 
marginally in the reporting year compared to the previous year (44,334 
MWh vs. 44,278 MWh in 2024), which, however, corresponds to an 
increase of just 0.1%. Relative to the size of the company, energy 
consumption actually decreased, with energy intensity falling by 6.6%.
Aspect
GRI 
Disclosure Unit 2025  2024
1)
  2023
1)
(Base 
Year)
Energy consumption within the organisation ► 302-1 MWh 44,334 44,278 46,048
- Non-renewable sources 302-1 MWh 20,282 21,931 32,189
- Renewable sources 302-1 MWh 24,051 22,347 13,859
- Electricity consumption 302-1 MWh 24,499 23,341 23,557
- Heat energy consumption 302-1 MWh 5,781 5,973 7,661
- Vehicle energy consumption 302-1 MWh 14,054 14,964 14,830
- Employees at reporting date (FTE)   FTE 6,558 6,119 5,907
Energy intensity within the organisation 302-3 MWh/FTE 6.76 7.24 7.80
Energy consumption outside of the organisation ► 302-2 MWh 26,055 28,013 25,105
- Upstream transport and distribution 302-2 MWh 16,485 18,466 13,528
- Leased real estate 302-2 MWh 9,569 9,547 11,578
 2025 Data externally assured (limited assurance)►
1) Values restated (compare note calculation basis)
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Energy and climate protection 95

[page 96]
GRI 305-1, 305-2, 305-4, 
305-5
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 5 
CO
Art. 3 CPO
Reduction of operational emissions (Scope 1+2)
In the reporting year, operational emissions (Scope 1+2) were reduced 
from 5,433 tCO e to 5,024 tCO e. This corresponds to a decrease of 
7.5% compared to the previous year or 27.2% compared to the base year 
2023. The main reasons for the year-on-year reduction are lower 
refrigerant losses and a more environmentally friendly electricity mix 
(market-based approach) with lower emission factors.
2 2
Thanks to the use of a wood pellet heating system at the temporary 
headquarters in Bern, biogenic emissions (out of scope) increased by 
around 57.5% to 394 tCO e.2
Aspect
GRI 
Disclosure Unit 2025  2024
1)
  2023
1)
(Base 
Year)
Direct and indirect GHG emissions
(Scope 1+2) ►   tCO₂e 5,024 5,433 6,901
Scope 1: fuels and combustibles 305-1 tCO₂e 4,854 5,150 5,865
Scope 2: electricity and district heat (market-based approach) 305-2 tCO₂e 171 283 1,036
- Employees at reporting date (FTE)   FTE 6,558 6,119 5,907
Intensity of GHG emissions (Scope 1+2) 305-4 tCO₂e/FTE 0.77 0.89 1.17
Scope 2: electricity and district heat (location-based approach) 305-2 tCO₂e 1,459 2,240 2,188
 2025 Data externally assured (limited assurance)►
1) Values restated (compare note calculation basis)
GRI 305-3, 305-4, 305-5
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 5 
CO
Art. 3 CPO
Scope 3 emissions
In 2024, as part of our sustainability strategy, we carried out a 
comprehensive Scope 3 screening for the first time to systematically 
record the indirect greenhouse gas emissions resulting from Group 
processes and flows of goods. This was based on actual consumption 
data and activity-based values from 2023, supplemented by estimates 
based on standards and statistical data. At the start of 2025, Scope 3 
screening was harmonised and refined to align with the scope of 
consolidation for financial accounting. This made it possible to cover 
approx. 98% of Scope 3 emissions.
The results clearly show that category 1 “Purchased goods and services” 
accounts for the largest share of upstream and downstream emissions, 
making up 92% of total Scope 3 emissions. Other relevant categories are 
“Capital goods” (category 2), “Fuel and energy-related activities” 
(category 3), “Upstream transportation and distribution” (category 4), 
“Employee commuting” (category 7), “Upstream leased assets” 
(category 8) and “Investments” (category 15).
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Energy and climate protection 96

[page 97]
As Scope 3 emissions account for almost 99% of total emissions along 
Galenica’s value chain, their reduction is key to the Group’s climate 
protection strategy.
Aspect
GRI 
Disclosure Unit 2025  2024
1)
  2023
1)
(Base 
Year)
Scope 1+2: Direct and indirect GHG emissions ► 305-1 tCO₂e 5,024 5,433 6,901
Scope 3: other GHG emissions ► 305-3 tCO₂e 396,400 378,700 374,000
Category 1 - Purchased goods & services 305-3 tCO₂e 364,000 343,000 339,000
Category 2 - Capital goods 305-3 tCO₂e 14,000 18,000 19,000
Category 3 - Fuel- and energy-related activities 305-3 tCO₂e 1,300 1,300 2,000
Category 4 - Upstream transportation & distribution 305-3 tCO₂e 5,600 6,100 4,800
Category 7 - Employee commuting & home office 305-3 tCO₂e 4,500 4,100 4,000
Category 8 - Upstream leased real estate 305-3 tCO₂e 1,800 1,800 1,900
Category 15 - Investments 305-3 tCO₂e 5,200 4,400 3,300
- Employees at reporting date (FTE)   FTE 6,558 6,119 5,907
Intensity of GHG emissions (Scope 3) 305-4 tCO₂e/FTE 60.45 61.89 63.31
 2025 Data externally assured (limited assurance)►
1) Values restated (compare note calculation basis)
Scope 3 target and roadmap
Based on a refined Scope 3 screening, Galenica has defined a strategic 
target – a key component of our climate strategy – and a roadmap. 
The target is in line with the requirements of the Science Based Targets 
initiative (SBTi) and focuses on supplier engagement. For the particularly 
emission-relevant categories 1 (“Purchased goods and services”) and 4 
(“Upstream transportation and distribution”), we have set ourselves the 
target of ensuring at least 72% of our emissions in categories 3.1 and 3.4 
are covered by science-based CO  targets that have been 
implemented by our service providers and suppliers by 2030.
2
To achieve this goal, suitable processes and structures must first be 
established – an aspect that is also reflected in our roadmap. The focus 
here is on establishing a supplier engagement programme, which will 
govern systematic collaboration with our suppliers in the area of climate 
protection from 2026. In addition to supplier engagement, we are 
striving to improve the basis for calculating Scope 3 emissions, for 
example by gradually integrating supplier-specific information.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Energy and climate protection 97

[page 98]
During the evaluation phase for a supplier engagement programme, 
current coverage was determined for the first time in summer 2025 using 
consumption data from 2024. According to this first analysis, in the 
summer of 2025, 54% of supplier volume (measured by category 1 
“Purchased goods and services” and 4 “Upstream transportation and 
distribution”) had science-based climate targets.
Scope 3 - Roadmap
2024 2025 2026 2027-2030
- Full Scope 3 screening
-Adjustment of Scope 3 screening
-SBTi objective
-Establishment of supplier 
engagement programme
-Expansion of the calculation for 
product emissions
-Implementation of supplier 
engagement
-Improving the database: from 
screening to inventory
Supplier Code of Conduct
As part of our Scope 3 management, the existing Supplier Code of 
Conduct is a key tool for reducing indirect greenhouse gas emissions 
along the value chain. Our supply partners undertake to limit the 
emissions from their activities as far as technically and economically 
possible and to regularly review their environmental behaviour to ensure 
that it complies with the law. They are guided by the goals of 
sustainable value creation and the responsible use of resources and 
comply with all relevant regional, national and international 
environmental regulations. The Supplier Code of Conduct must be 
signed by all supply partners. Compliance with the requirements is 
checked annually on a random basis (further information can be found in 
the chapter ).Supply chain integrity
Adapted mobility concept from 2026
In addition to the targets set for categories 1 and 4, Galenica has 
already developed a targeted concept to reduce emissions in category 
7, “Employee commuting”. Galenica promotes the use of public 
transport and electromobility through financial contributions towards 
commuting costs and location-specific mobility concepts, for example 
at its headquarters in Bern or at Galexis in Lausanne-Ecublens. Here, the 
available parking spaces were reduced as part of renovation work and 
employees were actively encouraged to form carpools and use public 
transport. The group-wide company car policy was amended in favour 
of e-mobility as early as 2022. Furthermore, no new company vehicles 
will be procured from 2026 onwards – with the exception of vehicles for 
sales representatives. To further increase the use of public transport, 
Galenica will be offering all employees a Half Fare travelcard as of 2026.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Energy and climate protection 98

[page 99]
GRI report – Patient safety
Patient safety
Report on Non-Financial Matters The safety and health of patients is our top priority. With 
personal, expert advice and a unique range of products 
and healthcare services, we support our patients in all 
situations, promote their well-being and enable people of 
all ages to lead healthy lives. We are committed to 
ensuring the quality of our products along the entire value 
chain. Quality management systems and digital solutions 
help employees increase patient safety.
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 1 CO
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 4 
CO
Patient safety first and foremost means ensuring the quality and safety 
of our products and services along the entire value chain, from the 
supply chain to infrastructure and processes, right through to the 
targeted training of our employees. A key contribution is made by the 
professional advice provided in our pharmacies, where our specialists 
support the safe and effective use of medicines based on medical 
history, triage and individual support. Digitalisation also plays an 
important role. Thanks to state-of-the-art technologies such as clinical 
decision support systems, we strengthen patient safety and support 
healthcare professionals in making medication-related decisions.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Patient safety 99

[page 100]
Impacts, risks & opportunities Characterisation
Medication errors or losses in the quality of medications can have serious consequences for the health of 
patients.
Negative, potential
Downstream value chain
By preserving and ensuring the quality of its products, advice and services, Galenica is able to contribute 
to the healthy lives of its patients – and thus make an important contribution to the well-being of the 
Swiss population.
Positive, potential
Downstream value chain
Through the targeted use of digital solutions, processes can be made more efficient and patient safety 
and well-being can be further enhanced.
Opportunity, in-house operations + 
downstream value chain
Medication errors or losses in the quality of medications and the resulting health risks for patients can pose 
legal and reputational risks for Galenica. Risk, in-house operations
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 5 
CO
Our objectives
We strive for the highest possible level of patient safety and customer 
satisfaction. Our aim is to ensure trustworthy and effective healthcare 
through safe products, reliable processes and professional advice.
Goal Status
Target 
year
Measurement 
parameter   2025   2024
We will increase the use of Clinical Decision 
Support Checks (CDS.CE) to 500 million by 
2025 and 1 billion by 2030. ↗ 2030
Number of CDS.CE 
checks (Clinical 
Decision Support)   553 million►   369 million
Customer satisfaction is at the centre of all 
activities. The satisfaction of end customers 
is systematically measured by their 
willingness to recommend us to other (rNPS) 
and the gap compared to the average of 
the competition is determined. The 
ambition is to achieve an rNPS target of 
100% every year. x Every year
Target 
achievement rNPS   78.8%►   95.50%
2025 Data externally assured (limited assurance)►
↗ Realistic
→ Partially delayed/critical
↘ Critical
= Achieved
× Not achieved
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Patient safety 100

[page 101]
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 2-3 
CO
Our management approach
To ensure patient safety, all Galenica Group companies have an 
extensive quality management system (QMS). Responsibility for this lies 
with the responsible person of the individual company.
Alloga, Medifilm, Mediservice, UFD and HCI Solutions are certified in 
accordance with ISO 9001 for quality management systems. Galexis and 
the companies in the Pharmacies division also work with process 
management systems that comply with ISO 9001 requirements, but are 
not currently certified. Bichsel and HCI Solutions meet the requirements 
of ISO 13485 for medical device manufacturers. Compliance with ISO 
standards is ensured by means of regular audits.
The Bichsel Group also meets the following requirements: Its quality 
management system (QMS) is based on the ICH-Q10 guideline, which 
was published specifically for pharmaceutical quality management 
systems. Bichsel holds operating licences for the manufacture and 
wholesale of medicinal products in accordance with the Therapeutic 
Products Act. For quality control purposes, the company carries out 
numerous chemical and microbiological analyses every day to check 
end products, raw materials and packaging materials.
Due to the high requirements in the manufacture of bottled, terminally 
sterilised and biological medicinal products, official inspections are 
generally carried out at Bichsel every two years. Inspections involve 
checking whether the statutory Good Manufacturing Practice and Good 
Distribution Practice requirements are being sufficiently adhered to. 
Following the inspection in April 2025, the Bichsel Group was issued with 
the GMP and GDP certificates applied for.
A new quality management system (QMS) has been in use since 2024 to 
ensure quality in the Amavita, Sun Store and Coop Vitality pharmacies. 
The QMS comprises mandatory work instructions (SOPs) for central 
processes such as drug production and dispensing, data protection, 
hygiene and disposal. Compliance is regularly checked through audits, 
test purchases, anonymous calls and inspections by cantonal 
pharmacists. In addition, our pharmacists receive regular training on the 
legal principles applicable to pharmacies. In 2025, 110 people completed 
this training course. For specialised services such as checks or 
vaccinations, they complete certified training courses, following which 
they are awarded certificates of competence. In addition, all pharmacy 
employees have completed quality training on a self-study basis in 
accordance with their area of responsibility.
Verfora offers training sessions for pharmacies when new medications 
are launched in order to promote employees’ skills and ensure patient 
safety and health. In 2025, Verfora held 125 training sessions for around 
17,000 pharmacy assistants and pharmacists. The number of 
participants has thus increased by more than 50% compared to the 
previous year.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Patient safety 101

[page 102]
GDP guidelines for good distribution practice
We also set the highest standards in logistics to ensure patient safety. 
Alloga, Galexis, UFD, Pharmapool, Verfora and the Bichsel Group are 
obliged to consistently comply with the international rules of good 
distribution practice for medicinal products (Good Distribution Practice 
(GDP) guidelines). This is intended to prevent counterfeit medicinal 
products from entering the legal supply chain and to ensure the quality 
and integrity of the products along the entire distribution chain. The 
ambient temperature of the medicinal products is continuously 
monitored from the place of manufacture to delivery; in the event of 
deviations, measures are initiated immediately in accordance with GDP 
guidelines. Compliance with these requirements is regularly checked by 
the regional therapeutic products inspectorates on behalf of 
Swissmedic.
The GDP guidelines also apply to all logistics service providers 
contracted by us. In addition to the official controls carried out by 
Swissmedic, the quality departments of the Galenica companies also 
check compliance with the guidelines.
Regular employee training on GDP guidelines is carried out in-house and 
the corresponding process documentation is updated on an ongoing 
basis. In the context of process and quality management, internal 
improvement measures based on customer feedback and complaints 
are also actively initiated and implemented with the aim of continuous 
improvement.
Uninterrupted cold chain for medications
All Wholesale and Logistics companies, as well as Medifilm, Mediservice 
and Bichsel, provide an uninterrupted cold chain for the inspection, 
storage and transport of temperature-sensitive drugs. At Alloga, this 
also applies to so-called ultra-deep-freeze logistics, in other words, 
storage and dispatch at –80°C, the required temperature for a new 
generation of cancer drugs. Alloga and Galexis also use paraffin-filled 
cooling elements, which ensure a more stable temperature of the 
medicinal products over the transportation period.
Galexis, UFD, Pharmapool and the Bichsel Group operate their own 
vehicle fleets with a total of 178 delivery vans (up to 3.5 tonnes) and 
three lorries (14 to 22 tonnes). All vehicles are GDP-compliant and are 
fitted with an air conditioning system in the loading space, which is vital 
for the safe transport of medicinal products.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Patient safety 102

[page 103]
Continuous monitoring of all products
Product safety is checked and ensured using a variety of approaches. 
The relevant companies check the competence of the contract 
manufacturers by means of initial and regularly recurring audits. In the 
course of this, compliance with the GMP guidelines is assessed so that 
safe products for the patient can be produced at all times. The products 
are examined before being placed on the market to ensure that they 
have been manufactured and tested in accordance with the GMP 
guidelines and that they meet all applicable specifications. As with all 
medications, there is also preclinical and clinical data for Verfora 
products, which guarantees the safety and efficacy of the products.
GRI 416-1, 416-2 Pharmacovigilance: forwarding of reports
Following market launch, pharmacovigilance is the focus: Bichsel and 
Verfora continuously monitor all products and analyse reports of side 
effects. All employees are obliged to forward such reports in full and on 
time. Information on the course, dosage and effects is documented and 
action taken if necessary. New employees receive a checklist on what to 
do in the event of side effects and receive appropriate training. Annual 
training for all employees complements this procedure. In addition, 
Verfora systematically checks advertisements and advertising posters 
to ensure they are correct and regularly analyses products in the 
laboratory until the end of their service life in order to identify quality 
deviations at an early stage.
Aspect Unit 2025 2024 2023
 Pharmacovigilance: forwarding of reports of side 
effects        
- compliance with deadline for forwarding a report 
of side effects % 93 91 97
In 2025, Verfora employees met the deadline for the internal forwarding 
of reports of side effects in 93% of cases (target: >90%). At Bichsel, the 
responsible parties met the deadline for forwarding reports of side 
effects to the authorities in 100% of cases. No violations were identified 
in the reporting year that would have compromised patient safety in 
connection with products or services.
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 5 
CO
Increased patient safety thanks to e-medication solution
To avoid medication errors, HCI Solutions provides key master data for 
the Swiss healthcare market and develops digital solutions in the area 
of e-health. With the process-integrated solution Documedis , the 
company makes a significant contribution to a safe and efficient 
healthcare system by offering specific e-health applications and 
services relating to the medication process.
®
Documedis  is an e-health platform based on INDEX data and is 
already integrated into the medication process in pharmacy, physician 
and hospital software. Among other things, it offers Clinical Decision 
Support Checks (Documedis CDS.CE), which healthcare professionals 
use to check medications for risks, duplicate medications or allergies. 
There are currently 14 such CDS.CE Checks available. Documedis 
CDS.CE thus supports service providers when prescribing new 
medications or when supplementing existing medication.
®
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Patient safety 103

[page 104]
Since 2023, the Documedis  Vaccination module has been 
supplementing the platform with functions for documenting and 
checking vaccinations.
®
Documedis CDS.CE is key to patient safety: the checks show whether 
the planned medication involves risks that can be eliminated before it is 
dispensed to the patient.
In 2025, 553,282,298 CDS.CE Checks  were carried out by service 
providers, which corresponds to an increase of 50% (previous year: 
368,813,628). Target achievement by 2025 and 2030, respectively, is 
realistic.
1)
In order to increase the number of CDS Checks, HCI held various 
workshops with clinic information providers.
1)    2025 Data externally assured (limited assurance)►
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 5 
CO
Customer satisfaction
The satisfaction of our customers is at the heart of all our activities. To 
measure these, the net promoter score (NPS) provided by customers of 
the Amavita, Sun Store and Coop Vitality pharmacies is used and the 
distance compared to the average of the competitor is calculated. The 
NPS (Net Promoter Score) is a key figure that measures the extent to 
which customers recommend our pharmacy formats to others. The data 
collection process takes the form of a twice-yearly representative online 
market survey and involves asking over 2,000 pharmacy customers 
about their level of satisfaction and whether they recommend the 
pharmacy brand they use.
To increase customer satisfaction, Galenica invested in the education 
and training of pharmacy teams in 2025. The focus was primarily on 
conveying the importance of satisfied customers for long-term success 
and the implications of this on the behaviour of pharmacy staff during 
customer interactions.
Target achievement for 2025 is 78.8% , meaning the annual target was 
significantly missed. For competitive reasons, Galenica does not disclose 
the actual figure or the gap to the best competitor.
1)
1)    2025 Data externally assured (limited assurance)►
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Patient safety 104

[page 105]
GRI report – Health promotion
Health promotion
Report on Non-Financial Matters Galenica aims to be the first point of contact for 
healthcare advice for people in pharmacies, digitally or at 
home, thereby guaranteeing nationwide, low-threshold 
access to healthcare services. This objective is clearly 
formulated in the corporate vision: “Health and well-being 
are at the heart of what we do. They are the reason we 
give our best every day.” It sums up what makes our work 
across the Galenica network so meaningful.
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 1 CO
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 4 
CO
For us, health promotion means being the initial point of contact for 
health advice for everyone. In addition to the provision of medication 
and treatment advice, this also includes healthcare services – easily 
accessible and affordable, whether in pharmacies, digitally or at home. 
Digital solutions such as healthcare apps or connected healthcare 
platforms can strengthen personalised healthcare advice in this regard 
and thus complement existing services in a meaningful way.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Health promotion 105

[page 106]
Impacts, risks & opportunities Characterisation
Low-threshold and affordable access to Galenica’s advisory and healthcare services can contribute to 
the health and well-being of patients and thus of the Swiss population.
Positive, potential
Downstream value chain
Galenica is able to increase sales by expanding the healthcare and advisory services offered in 
pharmacies. Opportunity, in-house operations
Galenica’s wide range of services – including on digital channels – gives it opportunities to reach patients 
more easily and quickly and thus tap into new sales markets. Opportunity, in-house operations
Cooperation with health insurance companies supports the positioning of pharmacies as an important 
point of contact for the healthcare system, relieving the burden on the healthcare system as a whole.
Opportunity,
in-house operations and downstream 
value chain
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 5 
CO
Our objectives
We strive to guarantee low-threshold access to healthcare services 
throughout Switzerland. We currently measure this target based on the 
number of healthcare services provided in pharmacies.
Goal Status
Target 
year
Measurement 
parameter   2025   2024
We will increase the number of healthcare 
services provided in our pharmacies by 10% 
each year until 2027 (base year 2023) ↗ 2027
Increase in % 
compared to 
previous year   28.7%   32.4%
↗ Realistic
→ Partially delayed / critical
↘ Critical
= Achieved
× Not achieved
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 2-3 
CO
Our management approach
Particularly in view of the ageing population, preventive health care and 
prevention are important measures to promote the well-being and 
health of the Swiss population. With our wide range of healthcare 
services and a broad product range, we create added value for 
customers and partners. A key aspect of this is providing high-quality 
and interesting services – whether in person at the pharmacy, digitally 
or at home. This is centrally anchored in our strategy with the fields of 
action “Added value in the network” and “Shaping the future”.
The range of healthcare services provided by pharmacies can be 
divided into the following categories.
– Acute symptoms: Customers with acute symptoms receive the 
necessary advice from the pharmacy and, if necessary, the 
appropriate medication, including prescription medication. Advice is 
straightforward and cost-effective and helps patients to recover.
– Vaccinations: Vaccination is another approach to health promotion. In 
addition to flu and tick vaccinations, in many cantons other 
vaccinations such as tetanus, whooping cough and shingles can also 
be administered at pharmacies. In all cases, the suitability of the 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Health promotion 106

[page 107]
vaccine is clarified and advice given prior to vaccination. Companies 
are also showing ever more interest in the option of getting flu 
vaccines in pharmacies. In 2025, we were able to establish 
partnerships with more than 120 companies that offer free flu 
vaccinations to their workforce as part of their health initiatives. 
Thanks to Documedis  Vaccination and Vac Check from HCI 
Solutions, pharmacies can document vaccinations digitally and check 
vaccination status electronically. On this basis, clients can be 
provided with comprehensive advice and recurring vaccination 
appointments can be scheduled.
®
– Prevention: Pharmacies in the Galenica network offer various 
preventive checks in this area – including HerzCheck  (CardioTest), 
blood pressure and blood sugar measurements as well as allergy 
tests. The results are discussed directly in person so that customers 
can be provided with targeted advice and referred if necessary.
®
The range of healthcare services is subject to continuous development. 
This goes hand in hand with further training for specialist staff, with 
measures to promote awareness of the services offered and with 
investments in discreet consultation zones.
Pharmacies as the first point of contact
Pharmacies have recently become a key pillar of basic healthcare in 
Switzerland. In Switzerland, a pharmacy supplies an average of around 
5,000 inhabitants, making it the first and most frequent point of contact 
for many people when it comes to health topics. This proximity to the 
population is a great strength. This is because the more concerns that 
can be resolved at the pharmacy, the greater the relief for the entire 
system – from family doctor practices to emergency wards. This is also 
increasingly being recognised by policymakers, which is why pharmacies 
have been given additional competencies in recent years.
We therefore invested at an early stage in the transformation from pure 
product sales and dispensing medications to advice and healthcare 
services.
“Consultation plus” is one of the keys to customer enthusiasm – and to 
value creation. It is a holistic communication and positioning concept for 
existing and future healthcare services.
“Consultation plus” is not a new service, but a holistic approach to 
developing and positioning healthcare services in Galenica pharmacies.
To strengthen the role of pharmacies as a central point of contact for 
health topics, Galenica is working on new care models and the customer 
experience in pharmacies. To this end, a new pharmacy concept is 
being developed that links advice, room design and digital support 
more closely. The first Amavita pharmacy based on the new concept 
was opened as a pilot in the reporting year. Here, we are gaining a lot of 
insights into customer behaviour, which will allow us to further develop 
the concept accordingly and redesign other pharmacies.
In order to strengthen the pharmacy as a central point of contact, 
especially for consultation and healthcare services, several 
communication measures were implemented in 2025. For example, 
patients’ digital journeys were optimised for finding information and 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Health promotion 107

[page 108]
booking appointments, and on-site communication efforts in 
pharmacies were also stepped up.
The figures show that there is strong demand among customers for both 
consultation and healthcare services. In the 2025 financial year, 368,000 
fee-based advisory and service consultations were held in Galenica 
pharmacies, 28.7% more than in the previous year. The focus is on 
consultations for common health topics such as urinary tract infections, 
skin problems, conjunctivitis and erectile dysfunction.
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 5 
CO
Healthcare services
Aspect Unit 2025  2024
1)
  2023
1)
(Base 
Year)
Healthcare services ►        
Number of healthcare services number 368,000 286,000 216,000
Increase of the number of healthcare services 
compared to prior year % 28.7 32.4  
 2025 Data externally assured (limited assurance)►
1) Values restated (compare note calculation basis)
GRI 203-2 Cooperation for low-threshold and affordable access
Galenica relieves the burden on the healthcare system with 
straightforward and cost-effective consultation services provided 
directly in pharmacies. This is one of the reasons why we have 
succeeded in convincing health insurers in recent years to include 
pharmacies as entry-level partners in alternative insurance models – 
similar to the role of telemedicine or family doctors. Several of the 
largest health insurance companies are already among our cooperation 
partners and provide consultation and healthcare services as part of 
numerous insurance models. In the reporting year, for example, we were 
able to further develop our partnerships with Assura, GroupeMutuel, KPT 
and AXA. We will continue to pursue this approach in order to expand 
existing partnerships and enter into new ones.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Health promotion 108

[page 109]
GRI report – Attractive workplace
Attractive workplace
Report on Non-Financial Matters Employees are crucial to the success of the Galenica 
Group. Therefore, as an attractive employer, Galenica 
offers its employees modern employment conditions and 
benefits. Galenica also promotes an open and inclusive 
corporate culture as well as modern workplaces and forms 
of collaboration.
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 1 CO
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 4 
CO
We are committed to creating a working environment that attracts, 
nurtures and retains talent over the long term. Key elements of 
employee retention include an appreciative corporate and 
management culture as well as a wide range of training and 
development opportunities. In addition, modern and flexible 
employment conditions, such as workplace design and contemporary 
working practices and models are offered.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Attractive workplace 109

[page 110]
Impacts, risks & opportunities Characterisation
A modern working environment, flexible working hours and modern working models, especially in 
pharmacies, can have a positive impact on the health, well-being and social environment of Galenica 
employees.
Positive, potential
Own operations
An appreciative corporate culture can contribute to employee satisfaction.
Positive, potential
Own operations
Vocational training and continuing professional development of employees contribute to the 
qualifications of Galenica staff and offer future prospects.
Positive, potential
Own operations
Non-compliance with legal and employment regulations could lead to legal proceedings and sanctions 
with financial consequences.
Risk,
own operations
A shortage of qualified employees may reduce Galenica’s productivity and competitiveness.
Risk
Own operations
Modern forms and models of work, an appreciative corporate culture and training and development 
opportunities can strengthen employee motivation, retention and satisfaction, which may in turn have a 
positive impact on employee turnover and Galenica’s innovativeness.
Opportunity,
own operations
Attractive working conditions and fair pay can strengthen Galenica’s position as an attractive employer 
on the labour market and attract qualified employees.
Opportunity,
own operations
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 5 
CO
Our objective
Galenica aims to create a working environment that inspires, nurtures 
and retains employees over the long term.
Goal Status
Target 
year
Measurement 
parameter   2025   2024
The participation rate should be above 75 
percent. The motivation rate between 75 
and 80 percent. = Every year
Motivation rate
Participation rate  
78/100 (motivation)
82% (participation)
►
►  
76/100 (motivation)
76% (participation)
We are reducing the time-to-hire by 10% by 
2027. (base year 2023 for Pharmacies Sales, 
2024 for all other areas) ↗ 2027 Time-to-hire  
Overall:
63 days (-29%)
Pharmacies:
61 days (-3%)  
Overall: 89 days
Pharmacies: 92 days
 2025 Data externally assured (limited assurance)►
↗ Realistic
→ Partially delayed/critical
↘ Critical
= Achieved
× Not achieved
GRI 3-3
GRI 2-30
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 2-3 
CO
Our management approach
People & Culture is responsible for organising and designing an 
attractive workplace at Galenica. In 2023, the Chief People & Culture 
joined the Executive Committee, which also strengthened the topic 
strategically. Implementation is carried out by the entire leadership 
team in accordance with Galenica’s “Servant Leadership” management 
culture. The Galenica Group’s personnel policy is based on the 
corporate values and defines mandatory guidelines for group-wide 
human resources management. The key elements of a modern and 
appreciative working environment in terms of dealing with employees 
and expectations of their conduct are embedded in the Code of 
Conduct. In addition, the Personnel and Working Time Regulations 
govern important aspects such as working hours, salary and personnel 
insurance. In order to promote work-life balance, Galenica offers flexible 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Attractive workplace 110

[page 111]
working time models, part-time work and work-from-home options, as 
well as extended parental leave arrangements that go beyond the 
statutory requirements. Galenica is not subject to collective bargaining 
agreements, but offers all employees fair and attractive employment 
conditions.
People & Culture is an important partner for transformation and cultural 
development within the organisation. Its focal points include advice and 
coaching for managers, promoting young talent, targeted and 
sustainable personnel development, establishing services relating to 
occupational health and promoting an inclusive corporate culture. 
Positioning Galenica as an attractive and modern employer (employer 
of choice) is critical in the context of the shortage of skilled workers as 
well as in terms of attracting young talents. Other relevant topics 
include the promotion and use of new working forms and methods as 
well as efficiency gains through the digitalisation of HR processes. After 
all, an attractive working environment is important for retaining existing 
employees.
Appreciative corporate culture
A well-established, appreciative corporate culture is key for Galenica in 
order to promote collaboration, trust and direction in day-to-day work. 
The three key values – We delight our customers, We act as 
entrepreneurs and We build trust – form the basis for a common 
understanding of how employees interact and work together.
To anchor this culture in day-to-day life and strengthen dialogue, 
Galenica relies on a variety of communication platforms. Personal, direct 
dialogue between employees from all language regions and nations is 
actively promoted through physical and digital formats such as 
information events, management meetings and the G-Net intranet. 
Additionally, the digital employee magazine “Spot” is published, which 
can also be accessed externally and gives partners and family members 
an insight into the world of Galenica. During the “Discover Galenica” 
induction day, new employees also gain a comprehensive insight into 
the history, culture and strategy of the Galenica Group and its 
companies.
Another expression of our dialogue-oriented corporate culture are the 
staff committees, which serve as important points of contact for 
employees to submit their concerns. They facilitate dialogue with the 
Executive Committee on topics of general interest and are consulted on 
relevant personnel issues. The works committee, consisting of the 
presidents of all staff committees, meets twice a year with the Chief 
People & Culture – if necessary, also with other members of the 
Executive Committee to discuss overarching issues and incorporate the 
employee perspective into strategic decisions.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Attractive workplace 111

[page 112]
GRI 401-1 Key personnel figures, such as employee turnover, are collected and 
analysed across the Group on a monthly basis.
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 5 
CO
“Opinio” employee survey
The “Opinio” employee survey is a permanent fixture at Galenica. Since 
2020, it has been carried out annually rather than just every three years, 
and has been online since 2023. This enables us to respond more quickly 
and in a more targeted manner to changes in employee satisfaction 
and motivation. For example, in the aftermath of the 2024 survey, 
several measures were implemented over the course of the 2025 
financial year, particularly at divisional and team level. Examples include 
transferring more personal responsibility to logistics employees through 
appropriate measures such as lean training at Galexis, the targeted use 
of MS Teams within pharmacy teams and holding various workshops on 
servant leadership and key skills.
For the 2025 “Opinio”, 82%  of all employees took part in the survey, 
which corresponds to an increase in the response rate of 6 percentage 
points. The motivation score in the Galenica network has increased by 2 
points compared to the previous year and stands at 78  out of a 
possible 100 points. This represents a very pleasing result. Another metric 
is the eNPS (employee Net Promoter Score (recommendation)). This 
stands at 27 points, which is significantly better than the previous year 
(20 points) and well above the average for the retail trade.
1
1
1)   2025 Data externally assured (limited assurance)►
GRI 404-3 Regular performance reviews
At Galenica, discussions with employees are held not only once a year, 
but also at several points throughout the year as part of a “dialogue” 
process. All employees with permanent contracts not only receive 
structured feedback on their work and development prospects during 
these meetings, but also the opportunity to contribute their own ideas 
and goals. Continuing education and training plays a key role here – 
both in terms of individual development and in terms of strengthening 
competencies within the company. The discussions create space for 
mutual feedback, strengthen the relationship between managers and 
employees and contribute to motivation and long-term loyalty.
Recruitment strategy/retention of skilled workers
In Switzerland, the retention of qualified employees represents a major 
challenge, particularly in the healthcare professions and IT. In addition 
to the scarcity of employees, the requirements in terms of training and 
skills are constantly increasing. For Galenica, retaining specialist staff 
plays a key role, particularly in the Pharmacies unit, as pharmacies need 
to be managed by good, qualified staff. As the Swiss healthcare system 
becomes increasingly digitalised, Galenica is becoming more 
dependent on IT and e-commerce professionals.
Recruitment activities have been centralised across the Group since 
2023. In addition to positioning itself as a versatile and modern 
employer, the increased presence on social media also strengthens 
access to talented young people.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Attractive workplace 112

[page 113]
The promotion and retention of employees within the company as well 
as the recruitment of skilled workers outside the company are therefore 
essential. This also enables Galenica to contribute to sustainable labour 
and economic growth in Switzerland. The key instrument for meeting 
these challenges is the recruitment strategy. This includes measures 
relating to the company’s image as an employer, its positioning and 
university marketing for students.
Galenica primarily aims to establish contact with pharmacy students 
while they are still at university and encourage them to pursue a career 
within the Galenica Group.
In the reporting year, cooperation with the Universities of Bern, Geneva, 
Basel and Zurich and the ETH was further expanded. The assistant year 
programme has been optimised both in terms of content and through 
more attractive employment conditions.
For the target group of IT specialists, the recruitment and search 
methodology has been further developed in line with this specific target 
group. This included the expansion of the social media channel LinkedIn 
and the targeted development of recruiting skills in the area of active 
sourcing. As a result, several positions were successfully filled through 
direct contact with internal specialists, which resulted in significantly 
shorter filling times.
The key metric in connection with recruitment is “time-to-hire”. Data on 
this is collected monthly in order to check the implementation of the 
recruitment strategy and the achievement of objectives.
In 2025, the average time to hire across the Group was 63 days (previous 
year: 89 days) – a reduction of 29%. In the Pharmacies Sales division, the 
time-to-hire was reduced by 3% compared with the base year of 2023 
to an average of 61 days.
Employer image
By defining an employer promise, we strengthened our positioning as an 
attractive employer in the reporting year. This helps us attract and 
retain the best talents in the healthcare market and beyond. It is based 
on the Galenica Story, the needs of the target groups and the 
perception of existing employees. Together, these elements form the 
foundation of our employer brand.
GRI 404-2 Promoting employee knowledge and exchange
The continuous development of employees is a key component of 
Galenica’s corporate culture. With the group-wide “Move” personnel 
development programme, Galenica strategically promotes specialist 
skills, leadership qualities and personal development. The “Move” 
seminars are predominantly designed and conducted by internal 
employees. This strengthens internal expertise, promotes the exchange 
of knowledge and offers valuable job enrichment through active 
participation. In 2025, Galenica conducted 47 modules with 634 
employees.
Galenica also offers talent management programmes across the Group 
and at all levels.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Attractive workplace 113

[page 114]
– “Explore Galenica”: Talented individuals at employee level are given 
the opportunity to develop personally and professionally, get to know 
the Galenica Group better and expand their network. In 2025, 12 
employees took part in the programme.
– The “Expert Galenica” talent management programme is for 
employees at management level and managing directors. The 
participants design their own personal course of development and are 
supported by individual workshops along their learning path. In 2025, 
22 employees took part in the “Expert Galenica” talent management 
programme.
– The “Executive Galenica” talent programme, aimed at members of the 
Senior Management, was also launched for the first time in 2025. 
Participants benefit from personal and professional development 
facilitated by external coaches or training partners. The participants 
engage in project work to develop strategically relevant business 
cases. This programme is another important addition to our medium-
to long-term internal succession planning.
“Pharmacies” training and development
The creation of the “Pharmacies Academy” in the reporting year marked 
a major step towards providing centralised continuing education and 
training opportunities for pharmacy employees. This offer will be 
available from 2025 on the e-progress learning platform and is 
supported by revised and harmonised processes. In future, training 
priorities will be aligned with Galenica’s strategic objectives in 
collaboration with stakeholders.
The following training and education programmes are key to the 
development and retention of specialist staff in pharmacies:
– CAS in management: In collaboration with the University of Basel, 
Galenica offers a degree programme in operational management. 17 
employees successfully completed this course in 2025.
– FPH Retail Pharmacy: This further training is required by law for 
pharmacists who manage a pharmacy. Galenica covers the costs and 
promotes participation. 105 employees completed the course in 2025.
– FPH patient history in primary care: This further training strengthens 
participants’ ability to diagnose simple diseases and dispense 
prescription medications. 750 pharmacists earned this certificate of 
competence in 2025.
– Other programmes: These include the FPH certificate in vaccinations, 
training on rapid antigen tests and an e-learning module on the use of 
software in primary care. In 2025, 899 employees held the certificate of 
proficiency in vaccination.
Galenica also supports employees with external training by giving them 
financial aid and/or allowing them the time, provided that the training is 
related to their current role and offers added value for the company.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Attractive workplace 114

[page 115]
Training and education
In total, Galenica invested around CHF 5.9 million in employee training in 
the reporting year.
Training and education
Aspect Unit 2025 2024 2023
Investment in training Mio. CHF 5.9 5.9 6.0
Apprentices in training number 966 944 896
Completed apprenticeships in year under review number 327 222 268
Training apprentices
Galenica is heavily committed to young talents: in 2025, the Group 
trained 966 apprentices – 854 young women and 112 young men – at its 
companies. Of these, 327 completed their apprenticeships, many with 
flying colours. Having qualified, 219 apprentices have since become 
Group employees.
Introduction of a new trainee programme
Galenica has been offering a trainee programme for talented young 
individuals since 2025. The trainee programme offers university 
graduates a route into the corporate world and thus the opportunity to 
get to know Galenica from a variety of perspectives. In the process, they 
purposefully prepare themselves to develop for future key roles. Over 
the course of twelve months, eight trainees work in two exciting 
departments, develop on a personal level and network across the 
Group. In this way, we sustainably promote talented young people and 
recruit them for Galenica in the long term.
Employee profit-sharing programme
Galenica shares the success of the company with all employees. The 
bonus is calculated based on the Group result compared with the 
previous year. Every year, employees of Galenica living in Switzerland 
have the opportunity to purchase between 20 and 80 Galenica shares 
at a preferential price, regardless of their employment level. In 2025, 
18.0% of employees participated in the programme (previous year: 
15.0%). These shares are blocked for three years after the date of 
purchase.
Members of the Senior Management (SMT) and Management (MT) 
receive a profit-sharing bonus pro rata to the annual bonus. This is 
dependent on attaining quantitative and qualitative targets. The share-
based remuneration programme LTI (see Remuneration report) for 
members of the Executive Committee and certain members of the SMT 
is geared towards long-term performance, whereby remuneration is 
withheld for a period of three years. Since 2023, Galenica has had joint 
bonus-related goals for the Executive Committee, members of the 
Senior Management and Management. As well as financial targets, 
these also relate to customer and employee satisfaction and are 
intended to strengthen the concept of networking and the focus on 
social objectives.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Attractive workplace 115

[page 116]
GRI 2-7, 2-8, 401-1 Employment
Aspect
GRI 
Disclosure Unit 2025 2024 2023
  Employees
1)
► 2-7 number 8,427 7,971 7,902
by gender 2-7        
- women 2-7 number 6,311 5,958 5,916
- men 2-7 number 2,116 2,013 1,986
by degree of employment 2-7        
- full-time 2-7 number 4,727 4,511 4,459
- full-time (women) 2-7 % 64.8 65.0 64.5
- part-time (<90%) 2-7 number 3,700 3,460 3,443
- part-time (women) 2-7 % 87.8 88.1 n/a
- non-guaranteed hours 2-7 number 317 303 293
- non-guaranteed hours (women) 2-7 % 57.1 78.1 72.7
Employee Turnover► 401-1 % 12.7 10.8 12.0
 2025 Data externally assured (limited assurance)►
1) Number of employees (headcount) as of 31 December
Galenica continued to grow in 2025. At the end of 2025, the Galenica 
Group had 8,427 employees, an increase of 5.7% on the previous year. 
The growth can be explained, among other things, by the acquisition of 
the Labor Team group. All employees work in Switzerland, which we 
regard as one region. The data is exported and consolidated from the 
various personnel management systems. The workforce of the Galenica 
Group does not undergo significant seasonal fluctuations.
The proportion of women is around 75% and has remained relatively 
constant over the past five years. 44% of employees work part time, i.e. 
with a workload below 90%. The proportion of part-time employees has 
remained stable. The proportion of managers (management and senior 
management level) among all employees increased slightly in 2025 to 
10%. From 2020 to 2025, the proportion of female managers rose from 
51% to 55%. Employee turnover at Galenica was 12.7% in 2025, up by 
close to 2% points on the previous year. The turnover rate of 12.7% refers 
to resignations; taking into account retirements and cases of deaths, 
employee turnover stands at 13.4% for the 2025 financial year.
In addition to the company’s own employees, temporary employees are 
also recruited on an hourly basis if necessary, particularly in logistics and 
transport. These are sourced via partners and are under contract with 
them. More detailed information on temporary employees is not 
available as it is not recorded in all our personnel systems. There are 
seasonal fluctuations during the reporting year, with temporary 
employees being particularly in demand prior to the Christmas trading 
period. Most of the business activities are carried out by employees of 
the Galenica Group.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Attractive workplace 116

[page 117]
Galenica does not provide a breakdown of newly hired employees by 
region. Furthermore, due to the different personnel systems, there is no 
breakdown of employee turnover by age group, gender or region.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Attractive workplace 117

[page 118]
GRI report – Health and safety at work
Health and safety at work
Report on Non-Financial Matters Galenica is committed to protecting the physical and 
mental integrity of its employees in the workplace and 
endeavours to identify potential health risks at an early 
stage and to ensure a swift return from illness or accident. 
A safe and healthy workplace increases employee 
satisfaction and efficiency. We are convinced that by 
avoiding accidents and work-related illnesses, we can 
save significant costs.
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 1 CO
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 4 
CO
The health of employees is a top priority at Galenica. Appropriate 
measures are aimed at preventing physical and psychological damage 
and actively promoting health in the workplace, especially in areas with 
an increased risk of accidents, such as Wholesale & Logistics and 
Pharmacies. We strive to avoid health risks and enhance the overall 
well-being of our employees. Rapid reintegration after an illness or 
accident helps to promote personal well-being while minimising costs.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Health and safety at work 118

[page 119]
Impacts, risks & opportunities Characterisation
In all business areas, work can influence the economic, psychological and emotional situation of 
employees.
Negative, potential
Own operations
Particularly in logistics, workflows can lead to physical injuries.
Negative, potential
Own operations
A high absenteeism rate due to accidents or occupational diseases would impair Galenica’s productivity 
– and thus also its economic performance. Risk, own operations
Depending on the nature and severity, misconduct in this area can have consequences under 
employment law, result in high staff turnover or penalties and damage Galenica’s reputation as an 
employer. Risk, own operations
A safe working environment and the promotion of employee health can support employee retention. This 
in turn increases the productivity of the company and reduces the costs associated with staff turnover. Opportunity, own operations
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 5 
CO
Our objective
We strive to minimise any negative impact on the physical or mental 
health of our employees as much as possible.
Goal Status
Target 
year
Measurement 
parameter   2025   2024
We will reduce the incidence of 
occupational accidents and illnesses 
(physical and mental) by 10%. (base year 
2023) → 2027
Absence rate 
(comparison of 
target hours/lost 
hours)  
occupational accidents: 
0.1%
illnesses: 4.48%  
occupational accidents: 
0.10%
illnesses: 4.05%
↗ Realistic
→ Partially delayed / critical
↘ Critical
= Achieved
× Not achieved
GRI 3-3, 403-1, 403-4
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 2-3 
CO
Our management approach
We take a holistic approach that encompasses safety in day-to-day 
operations as well as the long-term health promotion of our employees. 
The protection of health and safety is set out in the . 
People & Culture bears responsibility and regularly analyses employee 
absences to support the implementation of appropriate measures.
Code of Conduct
We put in place measures to protect employee health and maintain 
safety in the workplace pursuant to the directives of the Federal 
Coordination Commission for Occupational Safety (FCOS). At the end of 
2024, Galenica developed a company-wide workplace health 
management (WHM) concept – with the involvement of a diverse group 
of employees on relevant WHM topics – and introduced it in the 
reporting year. In addition, feedback is collected on selected measures 
such as health training or mental health offers.
Galenica promotes health and well-being through flexible working 
models, paid breaks, a family-friendly policy and the option of 
purchasing additional days of holiday. Depending on the activity, 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Health and safety at work 119

[page 120]
procedures to support ergonomics and other measures complement this 
approach.
Employee representation at Galenica is organised on several levels – 
from local representatives to the works committee, which is in direct 
contact with the Executive Committee. The committees represent the 
interests of employees and raise concerns on topics such as working 
conditions, health protection and HR policy.
GRI 403-2, 403-3, 403-5
GRI 403-6
Long-term health promotion
The holistic approach at Galenica brings together workplace health 
management and issues relating to diversity and inclusion under one 
roof.
The services are divided into four thematic areas: “Occupational health 
and safety”, “Absence management”, “Workplace health promotion” 
and “Diversity and inclusion”. These cover aspects of health care, 
employee services, protection of personal integrity, anonymous external 
advice centres, equal opportunities, training and absence 
management.
As a preventive health protection measure, we offer a health check to 
all permanent employees aged 40 and over. Checks are carried out by 
the external partner Health & Medical Service Ltd. In 2025, 35 employees 
took advantage of the offer. Galenica also offers all employees a free 
flu vaccination every year. Pharmacy staff, as a particularly exposed 
group, also benefit from the COVID vaccination offer.
A wide range of health-related training programmes, e.g. resilience, 
managing one’s own health or psychological safety, is available to 
employees. In addition, partnerships have been established with fitness 
and wellness providers and hotels, where employees benefit from 
special conditions.
As well as physical health, at Galenica we also aim to focus on mental 
health. With the “Mental Health Days”, we launched an initial pilot 
project in the reporting year with the aim of raising employee awareness 
of the topic.
Galenica also operates a system of preventive case management in 
collaboration with the daily sickness allowance insurance in order to 
identify potential health risks for employees and introduce appropriate 
measures before an absence occurs. If an absence has already 
occurred, the classic system of case management applies: this tool is 
deployed within the first 30 days of absence. The top priority is to ensure 
that the employee can return to work quickly following an illness or 
accident.
Galenica is working with the organisations Movis and Carelink to 
improve health protection. Carelink offers emergency psychological 
support in crisis situations, for example following a robbery of a 
pharmacy. Movis offers support for employees in various areas of life, 
including in protecting their personal integrity as well as to coping with 
stress and preventing burnout.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Health and safety at work 120

[page 121]
The total number of cases of long-term absences (>30 days) due to 
mental illness is known. In order to ensure anonymity, however, Galenica 
only receives the proportion of cases due to mental illness from the daily 
allowance insurance records in the event of a large number of cases. 
The exact illness-related reason for the absence is unknown. This means 
that no conclusions can be drawn and privacy protection is guaranteed.
Compared to the previous year, the number of cases due to mental 
illness continued to rise. However, with an increase of 13.7%, the increase 
compared to the increase between 2023 and 2024 was significantly 
lower.
GRI 403-2, 403-3, 403-5 Occupational safety and accident prevention
To ensure the safety of our employees, safety officers have been 
appointed in the Pharmacies and Wholesale & Logistics divisions who 
are responsible for the implementation and further development of 
occupational safety practices. In the pharmacies, two specially trained 
employees perform this role. Crisis management processes define 
group-wide contact persons for each business area. Fire protection 
officers and help teams at all sites also ensure evacuation safety and 
first aid.
Due to the increased risk of accidents, Galexis and Alloga have an 
integrated reporting system for safety incidents that includes systematic 
absence management to identify safety-relevant situations and 
systematically record and present accident reports transparently. 
Reports are submitted via the online form. Interviews on returning to 
work after prolonged absences and in the event of conspicuous 
absences are an integral part of this system. Together with Suva, regular 
training courses on accident prevention and safety culture are offered – 
including courses on ergonomics and tripping hazards. Galexis and 
Alloga have been members of the Suva Safety Charter since 2024.
External safety consultants conduct safety audits at least every two 
years to regularly review the safety systems, particularly in the 
Wholesale & Logistics division. At Alloga and Galexis, internal safety 
audits (inspections) are also carried out on a monthly basis with the 
corresponding department heads, and measures to improve 
occupational safety are identified and documented. In the reporting 
year, 204 audits were carried out across all operational departments. 
These aim to make employees aware of operational risks.
Awareness-raising measures were carried out to reduce the number of 
workplace accidents, including driving safety and ecodrive courses for 
drivers, elimination of tripping hazards during deliveries, poster 
campaign “Clever solution saves time and pain”, remodelling of postal 
shipping area with a focus on improved conveyor technology and 
ergonomics and adaptation of the crate loading point to improve 
ergonomics. Organisational (e.g. process or storage space optimisation) 
and personal (e.g. conduct, order, training) measures were also 
implemented.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Health and safety at work 121

[page 122]
GRI 403-9, 403-10
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 5 
CO
Work-related injuries and illnesses
Aspect
GRI 
Disclosure Unit 2025 2024
2023 
(Base 
Year)
Accidents 403-9 number 932 1,089 1,233
Occupational accidents 403-9 number 149 195 215
Absence rate of work-related injuries 
(accidents) 403-9 % 0.10 0.10 0.09
Non-occupational accidents   number 783 894 1,018
Illnesses 403-10        
Cases of illness (long-term, entitled to 
daily sickness benefits) 403-10 number 453 499 419
Absence hours due to illness 403-10 number 657,834 571,887 546,097
Absenteeism rate 403-10 % 4.48 4.05 3.97
Case Management          
Return to work rate   % 75 76 67
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Health and safety at work 122

[page 123]
GRI report – Equality and diversity
Equality and diversity
Report on Non-Financial Matters The diversity of our employees is a key success factor for 
us. The Galenica network comprises people from over 85 
countries and of all ages – around three quarters of whom 
are women. Diversity not only strengthens our innovative 
strength, but also our attractiveness as an employer.
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 1 CO
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 4 
CO
For Galenica, equality and diversity mean a varied and inclusive 
corporate culture that offers all employees the same opportunities and 
development prospects – regardless of age, ethnic origin, nationality, 
gender identity, religion, world view, sexual orientation or social origin. 
This includes respectful interaction, concepts for protecting personal 
integrity in the workplace and ensuring equal pay.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Equality and diversity 123

[page 124]
Impacts, risks & opportunities Characterisation
A working environment that promotes diversity and equal opportunities can help employees feel 
comfortable and valued.
Positive, actual & potential
Own operations
By promoting equality and diversity beyond its own organisation, Galenica can indirectly contribute to the 
elimination of discrimination in society as a whole.
Positive, actual & potential
Entire value chain
By ensuring diversity and equal opportunities, Galenica can be perceived as an attractive employer and 
the company can reach a larger group of potential employees.
Opportunity
Own operations
A diverse workforce can positively influence the diversity of ideas, working methods and methods, which 
can increase Galenica’s innovative capacity and success.
Opportunity
Own operations
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 5 
CO
Our objective
Our aim is to continuously improve diversity in all areas and companies 
of the Galenica Group and to permanently maintain the proportion of 
women in management at 50% and to increase it to 33% in senior 
management by 2027.
Goal Status
Target 
year
Measurement 
parameter   2025   2024
We will improve diversity in all units and 
group companies,
keeping the proportion of women in 
management positions at 50% and 
increasing the proportion of women in 
senior management to 33% by 2027. ↗ Every year
Proportion of 
female managers 
(MT) and Senior 
Management 
(SMT)  
59.9% (MT)
31.6% (SMT)
►
►  
58.2% (MT)
31.3% (SMT)
 2025 Data externally assured (limited assurance)►
↗ Realistic
→ Partially delayed/critical
↘ Critical
= Achieved
× Not achieved
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 2-3 
CO
Our management approach
Employees are the foundation of Galenica’s success. This is why the 
People & Culture department actively promotes a respectful and safe 
working environment. There is zero tolerance for discrimination and 
harassment of any kind. All Galenica employees have the right to the 
protection of their personal integrity in the workplace. With this focus in 
mind, supplement 5 to the Personnel Regulations and the Galenica 
Group Code of Conduct were developed. This supplement complies 
with the current guidelines of the State Secretariat for Economic Affairs 
(SECO). Further information on the Code of Conduct can be found in the 
section “ ”.Ethical business conduct
GALivida programme: promoting diversity, inclusion and health
An appreciative approach to diversity increases the well-being of 
employees because they feel respected and have a sense of belonging. 
This sense of belonging can reduce stress, increase motivation and 
decrease the risk of psychological distress, which has a positive impact 
on mental and physical health. With our holistic GALivida programme, 
we implement group-wide measures to promote diversity, inclusion and 
the health of our employees. The further development and 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Equality and diversity 124

[page 125]
implementation of GALivida is a participatory process, involving working 
groups made up of volunteer employees from different areas and 
companies.
GRI 406-1 Protection of personal integrity in the workplace
Bullying, discrimination and sexual harassment are examples of 
problematic behaviour that can lead to violations of personal integrity. 
A violation of personal integrity in the workplace affects the well-being 
of the person concerned and puts their health and ability to work well 
with others within the company at risk. As an employer, Galenica is 
legally obliged to protect the privacy of its employees pursuant to the 
Swiss Code of Obligations (CO). The Galenica Group does not tolerate 
any violations of personal integrity; it prohibits all forms of bullying, 
sexual harassment, discrimination, violence and threats, and is 
committed to non-violent and harassment-free interactions at all levels 
of the hierarchy. New employees receive appropriate training when they 
join the company. The content of the online training is also integrated 
into the internal compliance framework of Legal Services, which ensures 
ongoing awareness-raising. To protect their personal integrity, 
employees have the option of contacting their People & Culture contact 
person or the external advice centre Movis if necessary. Due to the 
protection of personal integrity, no official statistics are kept on 
reported cases in the People & Culture area. Depending on the case, 
individual measures are agreed and implemented – serious violations 
can also lead to dismissals without notice.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Equality and diversity 125

[page 126]
GRI 405-2 Equal pay
Pursuant to the requirements of the Federal Act on Gender Equality 
(GEA), in 2021 Galenica carried out an equal pay analysis using the Logib 
method for companies with more than 100 employees. In 2023, Galenica 
voluntarily commissioned another comprehensive analysis. The analysis 
shows that the principle of “equal pay for equal work” is met in all ten 
companies surveyed. Nine out of ten companies surveyed have also 
received the “We pay fair” label. The fact that one companies did not 
receive the label is due to imbalances in the distribution of roles. 
Imbalances in the distribution of roles can lead to employees being 
divided into the same hierarchical levels and competence levels that are 
only comparable to one another to a limited extent due to their different 
roles.
The aspect of equal treatment and diversity among employees is key for 
Galenica. That is why Galenica is committed to continuous improvement 
in this area as well. It is planned to carry out the voluntary equal pay 
analysis on a regular basis.
The statutory formal review of the equal pay analysis was carried out by 
the statutory auditor Ernst & Young Ltd. According to their reports, the 
analyses comply with legal requirements in all respects.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Equality and diversity 126

[page 127]
GRI 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees
Aspect
GRI 
Disclosure Unit 2025 2024 2023
Board of directors 405-1 number 7 6 7
by gender ► 405-1        
- women 405-1 % 57.1 50.0 42.9
- men 405-1 % 42.9 50.0 57.1
by age 405-1        
- < 30 years 405-1 % – – –
- 30 – 50 years 405-1 % 14.3 16.7 14.3
- > 50 years 405-1 % 85.7 83.3 85.7
Executive Committee 405-1 number 9 9 8
by gender ► 405-1        
- women 405-1 % 22.2 22.2 25.0
- men 405-1 % 77.8 77.8 75.0
by age 405-1        
- < 30 years 405-1 % – – –
- 30 – 50 years 405-1 % 55.6 44.4 37.5
- > 50 years 405-1 % 44.4 55.6 62.5
Senior Management 405-1 number 133 134 144
by gender ► 405-1        
- women 405-1 % 31.6 31.3 31.2
- men 405-1 % 68.4 68.7 68.8
by age 405-1        
- < 30 years 405-1 % 0.7 – –
- 30 – 50 years 405-1 % 56.4 58.2 56.2
- > 50 years 405-1 % 42.9 41.8 43.8
Management 405-1 number 675 637 595
by gender ► 405-1        
- women 405-1 % 59.9 58.2 56.6
- men 405-1 % 40.1 41.8 43.4
by age 405-1        
- < 30 years 405-1 % 4.1 4.2 2.4
- 30 – 50 years 405-1 % 64.2 64.1 66.7
- > 50 years 405-1 % 31.7 31.7 30.9
 Employees
1)
405-1 number 7,236 6,888 6,862
by gender ► 405-1        
- women 405-1 % 77.0 78.1 78.6
- men 405-1 % 23.0 21.9 21.4
by age 405-1        
- < 30 years 405-1 % 35.4 37.1 37.4
- 30 – 50 years 405-1 % 43.6 42.0 42.4
- > 50 years 405-1 % 21.0 20.9 20.2
 2025 Data externally assured (limited assurance)►
1) Without temporary employees
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Equality and diversity 127

[page 128]
GRI report – Ethical business conduct
Ethical business conduct
Report on Non-Financial Matters As a company operating in the healthcare market, the 
Galenica Group bears a social responsibility towards 
customers, patients, partners, employees, shareholders 
and the general public. This also means that Galenica is 
required to adhere to the applicable laws at all times, 
respect fundamental values and commit to ethically 
sustainable action.
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 1 CO
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 4 
CO
Commitment to compliance with the law and guidelines, as well as to 
acting with integrity, is a fundamental part of Galenica’s corporate 
culture and a constant focus of our corporate management. The 
obligation to comply with the law during day-to-day operations begins 
with every employee. This is how we contribute to a peaceful and 
inclusive society.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Ethical business conduct 128

[page 129]
Impacts, risks & opportunities Characterisation
Unethical business practices have a direct negative impact on employees, customers and suppliers or can 
harm their interests.
Negative, potential
Entire value chain
Ethical and transparent corporate governance can lead to more fairness and responsibility, which can 
strengthen trust in the company and the industry in general.
Positive, potential
Entire value chain
Unethical conduct can lead to legal risks in connection with corruption and anti-competitive conduct, 
which can result in financial and reputational damage.
Risk
In-house operations
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 5 
CO
Our objectives
We pursue the clear objective of consistently preventing any form of 
breaches of the law, corruption and unethical behaviour. In order to live 
up to this requirement, we rely on a preventive and effective compliance 
system, which is geared in particular towards regular, target group-
oriented training and awareness-raising measures for employees.
Goal Status
Target 
year
Measurement 
parameter   2025   2024
We raise awareness of compliance issues 
among our employees at least six times a 
year, tailored to the respective target 
group. = Every year
Number of 
measures   9   7
↗ Realistic
→ Partially delayed/critical
↘ Critical
= Achieved
× Not achieved
GRI 2-23, 2-24, 2-25, 
2-26
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 2 no 2-3 
CO
Our management approach
For Galenica, compliance forms the basis of trust, integrity and 
sustainable corporate success. We are committed to act with integrity 
and consistent compliance with all relevant laws, guidelines and 
standards – including internal and industry codes. These include, for 
example, legal requirements arising from therapeutic product, data 
protection, health insurance, labour, antitrust, tax and criminal law as 
well as international standards such as ISO 14001 or Good Distribution 
Practice. In addition, we uphold human rights in all our business 
activities. The Legal Department of the Galenica Group advises all 
companies and divisions on the correct interpretation and application of 
legal provisions. It also supports the implementation of new legal 
provisions within the company. In addition, Galenica Group employees 
increasingly have access to digital tools that help them to act in 
compliance with the law.
GRI 2-1, 2-9, 2-10, 2-11, 
2-15
GRI 2-18, 2-19, 2-20
Corporate governance
The Galenica Group attaches great value to responsible and ethical 
corporate governance. Galenica Ltd., the ultimate parent company, has 
its registered office at Untermattweg 8, 3027 Bern, Switzerland. Galenica 
is listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange and has subsidiaries in Switzerland, 
Germany and Austria. Details of the Group structure can be found in the 
. In order to uphold responsible corporate 
governance, the organisation of the Board of Directors as the supreme 
Corporate Governance Report
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Ethical business conduct 129

[page 130]
management body is clearly regulated. In addition, binding rules and 
processes ensure that no conflicts of interest arise. Further information 
can be found in the . In addition, the 
remuneration policy and the procedures for determining remuneration 
are also transparent. The performance evaluation process and the 
remuneration systems for the Board of Directors and the Executive 
Committee are described in detail in the .
Corporate Governance Report
Remuneration Report
GRI 2-15, 2-23, 2-24
Art. 964b para. 1 CO
Code of Conduct
The central instrument is the  of the Galenica Group, 
which, in addition to the relevant legal provisions, sets out the ethical 
rules and standards that all employees must uphold. It was approved by 
the Audit and Risk Committee of the Board of Directors and must be 
accepted by all employees as part of the employee handbook upon 
commencement of their employment. Among other things, the Code 
includes provisions on conflicts of interest, insider dealing or corruption, 
as well as on environmental protection. The Code also contains clear 
commitments to human rights, such as fair working conditions, the 
exclusion of child or forced labour, discrimination and the health and 
safety of employees. The Code of Conduct thus contributes to the 
removal of taboos from certain grey areas.
Code of Conduct
Managers are responsible for addressing and dealing with specific 
conflict situations in day-to-day business.
The Pharmacies division also has a specific code of conduct, which 
serves as a binding internal work instruction devised to ensure the 
pharmaceutical independence of pharmacists at all times and thus to 
always give priority to the health and wishes of patients.
GRI 205-3, 206-1
Art. 964b para. 1 CO
Prevention of corruption and anti-competitive behaviour
As Switzerland’s largest healthcare network, combating corruption and 
preventing anti-competitive behaviour are key issues for Galenica. Both 
topics are governed by the . In addition to the Group’s 
Code of Conduct and that for , the  also 
sets out principles and guidelines for combating corruption and governs 
their implementation by employees and business partners of the 
Galenica Group. Any form of corrupt conduct towards or bribery of 
public officials and private individuals, whether directly or via third 
parties, is prohibited. Galenica has a zero-tolerance approach to 
corruption and bribery on the part of employees, partners, suppliers and 
representatives of third parties.
Code of Conduct
Suppliers Anti-Corruption Policy
The Galenica Group is not aware of any cases of corruption in the 
reporting year. Furthermore, there were no new legal actions due to 
anti-competitive behaviour or violations  of anti-trust and anti-
competitive law.
GRI 2-27, 205-2 Training on compliance and ethical conduct
To ensure compliance and ethical conduct, we rely on a comprehensive 
approach in the areas of prevention, detection and response. Training 
and awareness-raising measures on laws, guidelines as well as internal 
and industry codes, and policies are a key tool for prevention. The aim is 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Ethical business conduct 130

[page 131]
to train employees on the various topics several times a year in a way 
that is appropriate for the target group they represent.
In 2025, nine compliance awareness-raising measures and training 
sessions were carried out, thus achieving the target. In addition, these 
training sessions were supplemented by additional measures, including 
targeted internal communications, the development of legal maps, 
continuous improvement and the development of new processes and 
templates. In doing so, we raise awareness of compliance and promote 
principled conduct in our day-to-day work.
In 2025, all Galenica Group companies acted in compliance with the 
law. In the two competition-related proceedings already underway prior 
to the reporting year, the sanctions imposed were significantly lower 
than originally expected.
GRI 2-16, 2-25, 2-26 Whistleblower reporting office
The Whistleblower Reporting Office plays a decisive role in uncovering 
unethical behaviour and breaches of the law. Internal and external 
stakeholders may raise concerns about Galenica’s business activities 
through the external . This offers all 
employees and business partners the opportunity to anonymously 
report suspected breaches of the rules. All reports are investigated. 
Reports of corruption and bribery must also be reported to the 
committee appointed by the Board of Directors. As well as this, various 
channels and points of contact are available to employees through 
which they can report concerns or matters of key importance. These 
include the People & Culture department, staff committees, the 
employee survey and annual staff appraisals. The Executive Committee 
deals with key and critical points from the employee survey or the staff 
committee and introduces effective measures.
Whistleblower Reporting Office
In 2025, an incident of discrimination was reported via the Whistleblower 
Reporting Office. The internal investigations had already been initiated, 
meaning the necessary steps for clarification and implementation could 
be taken promptly.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Ethical business conduct 131

[page 132]
GRI report – Data protection and IT Security
Data protection and IT security
Report on Non-Financial Matters As a healthcare service provider, both data protection and 
information security are top priorities at Galenica. We 
ensure that the personal rights and privacy of customers, 
patients, employees and other persons are protected at all 
times. We take appropriate security measures to protect 
both, this sensitive data and internal company information 
from unauthorised access, manipulation or loss.
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 1 CO
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 4 
CO
With the ongoing digitalisation of the Swiss healthcare system, the 
importance of data protection and information security as well as the 
legal requirements for handling data are growing. The aim of data 
protection is to protect the privacy of those people whose data is 
processed. Information security ensures the protection of sensitive 
information through effective measures.
We determine our security measures based on the risks that may arise 
from unauthorised access, unauthorised modification, loss or 
unavailability of information and attacks on our infrastructure – both for 
data subjects and for the Galenica Group.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Data protection and IT Security 132

[page 133]
We build trust among all stakeholders by ensuring that the principles of 
data protection, in particular with regard to transparency and security, 
are adhered to
Impacts, risks & opportunities Characterisation
Data protection and data security incidents can compromise the privacy of customers, patients and 
employees, have financial, legal or contractual consequences and damage trust in Galenica in the long 
term, both among business partners and the general public.
Negative; potential
In-house operations
Establishing strong data protection and security standards builds trust among customers, patients and 
business partners and strengthens Galenica's reputation as a responsible healthcare provider.
Positive; differentiation and trust 
advantage in the market
Cyber attacks on Galenica’s IT systems can affect the availability and integrity of business-critical 
processes, particularly in logistics and pharmacies, and require additional measures to stabilise and 
secure operations.
Risk, potential
In-house operations
Proactive information security strategies and investments in resilience increase operational security and 
enable a stable digital transformation process that supports new services and efficiency gains.
Opportunity, potential
In-house operations, downstream 
value chain
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 5 
CO
Our objectives
We not only pursue the goal of protecting sensitive data and 
information through technical security standards, but also take 
organisational measures, such as raising awareness among our 
employees. We carry out information campaigns and provide training on 
how to handle data in compliance with data protection regulations as 
well as on identifying possible cyber attacks, for example, and 
supporting information security.
Goal Status
Target 
year
Measurement 
parameter   2025   2024
We raise awareness of data protection 
among our employees at least six times a 
year, tailored to the respective target 
group. = Every year
Number of 
measures   12   9
We make our employees aware of IT 
security and cybercrime at least six times a 
year, tailored to the respective target 
group. = Every year
Number of 
measures   14   11
↗ Realistic
→ Partially delayed / critical
↘ Critical= Achieved
× Not achieved
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 2-3 
CO
Our management approach
The topics of data protection and information security are highly 
relevant at Galenica and are distinctly embedded in organisational 
terms.
The Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) is responsible for 
information security. The underlying responsibilities and governance 
structures are regularly reviewed and, if necessary, adapted to current 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Data protection and IT Security 133

[page 134]
regulatory and organisational requirements. The CISO chairs the IT 
Security Board, which acts as an advisory body. The Board supports the 
strategic focus of the information security measures, ensures the 
reconciliation of interests between IT and the business units and 
coordinates security-relevant topics as well as measures implemented 
by the Board members in their respective areas. In addition, the Board 
decides on measures to be taken in the event of critical vulnerabilities or 
risks. The aim is reliable and efficient information security across the 
Group. The Board meets quarterly and has been active since 2023.
To ensure data protection, Galenica has a professionally qualified, 
independent and impartial internal data protection officer. In addition, 
the interdisciplinary Data & AI Governance Board was established in 
2024 to create clear framework conditions for the responsible use of 
data and AI applications and ensure the coordination of governance 
requirements with Galenica’s data strategy and values. The Board is 
chaired by the internal Data Protection Officer, supported by experts 
from Information Security, Enterprise Architecture, Data Strategy, AI and 
a member of the Executive Committee.
Clear guidelines and processes govern operations
The objectives of information security are set out in several target 
group-specific policies and regulations. The Information Security Policy 
defines the objectives of the information security programme, the 
relevant competencies and responsibilities as well as the information 
security principles of the Galenica Group. The Policy applies to all 
companies of the Galenica Group and forms the basis for all information 
security directives. General rules for using ICT devices and applications 
are set out for all internal and external employees or consultants in the 
Acceptable Use Policy.
Galenica records and manages governance and risk management 
issues as part of an information security management system (ISMS). 
Part of this is a central risk register in which identified vulnerabilities are 
recorded, evaluated and assigned to the responsible product teams for 
attention.
Galenica has an established incident response process designed to 
deal with security incidents in a structured manner. The process governs 
the roles, responsibilities and procedures in the event of an incident and 
ensures coordinated collaboration with internal units and external 
partners, including the Security Operations Center
The Data Protection Policy forms the overarching framework for ensuring 
compliance with data protection principles and requirements in 
connection with processing data which is subject to confidentiality 
protection, and is supplemented by regulations and directives on 
specific topics. All employees and other auxiliary persons are obliged to 
comply with the Data Protection Policy. Data security incidents are 
handled and data protection risks addressed in close coordination with 
Information Security and Risk Management.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Data protection and IT Security 134

[page 135]
Raising awareness and employee training
People are one of the greatest risk factors in connection with cyber 
attacks, as many cyber attacks target employees, for example by 
means of fraudulent e-mails (phishing). The cooperation of all 
employees is therefore required to ensure information, data and IT 
security. New employees are made aware of the key elements of the ICT 
user regulations on their induction day.
Regular e-learning courses are the key tool for promoting safety 
awareness. We provide specific modules on topics such as data 
security, phishing and dealing with cyber threats. These e-learning 
courses are complemented by phishing simulations, which further raise 
awareness and help to measure and understand the effectiveness of 
the various awareness-raising topics.
Fourteen awareness-raising measures were carried out on the subject 
of information security. This year’s highlights included the hosting of 
three live security events – two webinars and a series of short films on 
security published on the intranet – as well as the launch of an InfoSec 
page on the intranet to raise awareness of information security issues 
among all employees.
The responsible handling of data and awareness of specific data 
protection issues are also ensured through training courses and a 
transparently structured information platform. The data governance 
managers, who were appointed in 2023, are the first point of contact in 
the corporate divisions and Group companies. They are regularly 
informed about developments, trained and supported in advance.
In 2025, a total of twelve awareness-raising measures were carried out 
on the subject of data protection. The focus was on strengthening the 
responsible data culture through personal interaction with employees, 
visiting the data governance teams at eleven Group companies and 
holding an all-day workshop for all data governance managers, as well 
as further increasing accessibility and transferring knowledge by offering 
the transparently structured information platform in four languages and 
developing new training courses.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Data protection and IT Security 135

[page 136]
GRI 418-1 Regular review
To ensure compliance with legal provisions and high standards in the 
handling of data and information, Galenica continuously monitors 
ongoing developments in legislation and practices relating to data 
protection, information security and regulations applicable to the use of 
digital technologies.
Regular internal and external reviews ensure that information security 
and data protection risks can be identified at an early stage, assessed 
through standardised means and addressed.
In the reporting year, there were no substantiated complaints relating to 
data protection breaches, and there were no official investigations into 
cases of data theft or loss.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Data protection and IT Security 136

[page 137]
GRI report – Security of supply and procurement
Security of supply and procurement
Report on Non-Financial Matters Supply bottlenecks in the pharmaceutical supply chain are 
becoming more and more frequent worldwide, including in 
Switzerland. We make every effort to ensure the greatest 
possible availability of medicinal products in order to 
guarantee the reliability of supplies to the population. We 
work closely with suppliers to ensure the greatest possible 
availability of medicines. An IT-based scheduling system 
also helps us to optimise procurement and logistics 
processes.
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 1 CO
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 4 
CO
The global availability of medicines is an increasing challenge – 
including in Switzerland. The COVID-19 pandemic has clearly shown how 
disruptions in global supply chains can exacerbate local bottlenecks. 
The reasons for this include the highly centralised production at only a 
few locations as well as quality problems or failures in the value chain. 
We counter these risks by continuously optimising our procurement and 
logistics processes in order to strengthen the resilience of our supply 
chain and ensure the reliable supply of medicinal products to the 
population.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Security of supply and procurement 137

[page 138]
Impacts, risks & opportunities Characterisation
Supply bottlenecks or failures or quality problems in the value chain can lead to a lack of supply of 
medicinal products to patients. This can have consequences for the health and well-being of the Swiss 
population.
Negative, potential
Downstream value chain
Yet another contribution to security of supply is the preparation of medicines in pharmacies, which enables 
individually required medications to be made available quickly – especially in the event of supply 
bottlenecks or special patient needs.
Positive, potential
In-house operations and downstream 
value chain
Disruptions or interruptions in the supply / supply chain can lead to lower sales for Galenica.
Risk
Upstream supply chain
Supply bottlenecks, failures or gaps can weaken relationships with partners and also have a negative 
impact on Galenica’s reputation.
Risk
In-house operations and downstream 
supply chain
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 5 
CO
Our objectives
The reliable supply of medicinal products to the general public is a top 
priority for us. We are therefore committed to maintaining the 
availability of these products at the highest possible level.
Goal Status
Target 
year
Measurement 
parameter   2025   2024
We achieve an annual service level of 99% 
in the pharma sector. x Every year service level   98.6%   99.0%
↗ Realistic
→ Partially delayed / critical
↘ Critical
= Achieved
× Not achieved
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 2-3 
CO
Our management approach
The way the company works with its suppliers can impact the resilience 
of the supply chain or cause supply bottlenecks. Causes of the 
increasing supply bottlenecks include centralised manufacturing at just 
a few locations in the world as well as failures and quality problems in 
the value chain. As a leading fully integrated healthcare provider, 
Galenica depends on the ability of manufacturers to deliver. As a result, 
the reliable procurement and supply of medicines to the population are 
becoming increasingly important for Galenica. The challenges posed by 
the COVID-19 pandemic have further reinforced the relevance of reliable 
procurement and a reliable supply chain. A reliable supply of medicines 
is crucial to the health and well-being of the Swiss population. The main 
responsibility for this issue lies with the Galexis purchasing organisation.
Scheduling system and cooperation
Galenica works closely with suppliers to ensure the greatest possible 
availability of medicines. An IT-based scheduling system helps Galenica 
optimise its procurement and logistics processes. In addition, monthly 
communication takes place between pharmacies, Category 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Security of supply and procurement 138

[page 139]
Management, Logistics and Purchasing in order to ensure responses to 
changing market situations can be initiated quickly.
The “Safety Stock” initiative launched at the end of 2022 was continued 
in 2025. The initiative is a joint solution between Galexis and Sandoz 
intended to increase the safety stocks of Sandoz generic medicines for 
treating chronic diseases in order to bridge short- and medium-term 
supply bottlenecks in Switzerland in the best possible way. This 
extended inventory range enables a successful response to temporary 
supply shortages in the market.
Responding to critical bottlenecks in good time
The logistics companies of the Galenica Group review the inventory 
range in the pharmaceutical sector on a daily basis, enabling them to 
respond in good time to bottlenecks and increased demand. In the 
event of critical bottlenecks or increased demand for certain products, 
logistics companies quickly adapt their operations. The delivery of non-
essential products, such as cosmetics or perfumes, is temporarily 
discontinued if this is necessary to guarantee the supply of essential 
products. In addition, the amount that each customer can order is 
reduced to prevent panic buying.
Availability of medications
Aspect Unit 2025 2024 2023
Reliable procurement and supply chain        
Service level: Availability of medicinal products on 
average % 98.6 99.0 98.8
The availability of medications is a major global challenge and naturally 
also affects the Swiss market. This makes it all the more important that 
medications that are available in principle or will be available again can 
be delivered to service providers as quickly as possible. Here, Galenica’s 
logistics operations are able to make and keep over 98.6% of these 
medications available throughout Switzerland within 24 hours.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Security of supply and procurement 139

[page 140]
GRI report – Supply chain integrity
Supply chain integrity
Report on Non-Financial Matters Galenica is committed to ensuring that, in addition to the 
companies in the network, their business partners also 
comply with international and national laws, standards, 
industry-specific standards and human rights. With these 
measures, we strive to ensure that all business practices 
are carried out ethically and responsibly – all to strengthen 
the trust of our customers and partners and make a 
positive contribution to society.
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 1 CO
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 4 
CO
Supply chain integrity means taking sustainability aspects into account 
when procuring raw materials, goods and services. These include local 
procurement, environmental and social criteria, in particular compliance 
with labour and human rights, the prohibition of child labour, the 
exclusion of forced or compulsory labour and due diligence when 
dealing with conflict minerals in the upstream supply chain.
The purchase of medicinal products accounts for the largest share of 
procurement volumes. Galenica procures these products through a 
broad supplier structure.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Supply chain integrity 140

[page 141]
Impacts, risks & opportunities Characterisation
Failure to adopt a responsible procurement policy can have a negative impact on the environment and on 
respect for human and labour rights along the entire supply chain.
Negative, potential
Entire value chain
Through responsible procurement, Galenica can contribute to ensuring decent work, fair wages and 
equality in the supply chain.
Positive, potential
Entire value chain
Supply chain management and the procurement of raw materials/products are an important cost and risk 
factor for Galenica and thus influence the company’s economic success.
Risk
In-house operations
Failure to comply with due diligence obligations in the supply chain may have legal and reputational 
consequences for Galenica.
Risk
In-house operations
GRI 3-3,
GRI 308-1, 308-2
GRI 414-1, 414-2
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 5 
CO
Our objectives
We are committed to responsible procurement that upholds 
environmental and social standards along the entire supply chain.
Goal Status
Target 
year
Measurement 
parameter   2025   2024
We require our suppliers to comply with the 
Supplier Code of Conduct and verify this 
with at least 10 spot checks per year. = Every year
Number of spot 
checks   12   11
↗ Realistic
→ partially delayed / critical
↘ Critical
= Achieved
× Not achieved
GRI 3-3
Art. 964b para. 2 no. 2-3 
CO
Our management approach
Ensuring integrity in the supply chain is a key concern for us. This ensures 
decent work, fair wages and equality in the supply chain, which has a 
positive effect on the industry and promotes sustainable economic 
growth in Switzerland.
GRI 2-23, 2-24, 2-25
GRI 308-2, 414-2
Supplier Code of Conduct
One of our key tools is the . The aim of the 
Code is to increase transparency in the company’s own supply chain 
and thus ensure that it can fulfil its own responsibilities. The Code of 
Conduct refers to internationally embedded human rights standards 
and the applicable core conventions of the International Labour 
Organization (ILO) and contains, in particular, guidelines on compliance 
with labour and human rights, ethical business practices, fair wages and 
environmental, health and quality regulations. The Code of Conduct 
applies to suppliers, service providers and consultants of the Galenica 
Group. It is available on the company website and forms an integral 
part of all newly concluded contracts. The Legal Department is always 
involved and regularly reviews the contract templates of the Galenica 
Supplier Code of Conduct
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Supply chain integrity 141

[page 142]
Group to check for compliance risks. Purchasing department employees 
also receive training covering the content of the Code of Conduct.
One of our objectives is to check compliance with our Supplier Code of 
Conduct on an annual basis by means of spot checks. In 2024, 
standardised supplier surveys were conducted using random sampling 
for the first time. This supplier audit was also carried out in 2025, the 
results of which were positive. Of the 12 reviews performed, 11 were 
signed or confirmed. A multinational company referred to its own Code 
of Conduct, which is consistent with ours. Measures were also drawn up 
in the event of non-compliance with the Code.
GRI 2-26 Integrity through whistleblowing
Internal and external stakeholders may raise concerns about Galenica’s 
business activities through the external 
This offers all employees and business partners the opportunity to 
anonymously report suspected breaches of the rules. All reports are 
investigated. Violations result in sanctions. No suspected cases were 
reported in the reporting year.
Whistleblower Reporting Office.
GRI 408-1, 409-1
Art. 964j CO
DDTrO
Due diligence obligations and transparency in relation to minerals and 
metals from conflict-affected areas, child labour and forced and 
compulsory labour
Galenica fulfilled its audit obligations regarding the Ordinance on Due 
Diligence and Transparency in relation to Minerals and Metals from 
Conflict-Affected Areas and Child Labour in 2025. In particular, internal 
and external investigations were carried out to determine the extent to 
which Galenica is affected by conflict minerals and child labour. There 
are no points of contact with conflict minerals, which is why Galenica is 
exempt from its reporting obligations in this regard.
Galenica has written to the most important suppliers with regard to child 
labour and had them documented. As part of this random inspection, 
the place of manufacture of the products was requested and checked 
against the UNICEF Child Labour Index. In the case of risk countries, 
further documentation and on-site audits were requested. 
Investigations have shown that there are no reasonable grounds to 
suspect child, forced or compulsory labour and Galenica is therefore 
also exempt from its reporting obligations in this regard.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Supply chain integrity 142

[page 143]
GRI report – Calculation basis
Calculation basis
Report on Non-Financial Matters Through systematic data collection and analysis, we aim to 
provide transparent insights into our environmental, social 
and economic impacts.
GRI 2-3 Reporting principles
Galenica’s sustainability reporting is carried out annually and covers the 
period from 1 January to 31 December 2025. This report was approved 
by the Board of Directors on 5 March 2026 and published on 10 March 
2026. It follows the Global Reporting Initiatives (GRI) 2021 Standards, 
supplemented by the requirements of the revised Swiss Code of 
Obligations (Art. 964a et seq.) and the recommendations of the Task 
Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
The , the  and the 
 provide an overview of the relevant disclosures.
GRI content index TCFD index Transparency on non-
financial matters index
The list of material topics based on the principle of dual materiality was 
drawn up in 2023 and revised in the current financial year and is 
disclosed in the  section of the annual 
report.
Our sustainability approach
GRI 2-2, 2-3 Organisational system boundaries
The sustainability report of Galenica Ltd. covers all subsidiaries that are 
fully consolidated in accordance with the International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board (IASB). Associated companies and joint ventures are 
excluded from this in principle; any deviations from this principle are 
disclosed under the corresponding key figure.
Further details on the Group companies can be found in 
 to the consolidated financial statements. Exceptions to the 
scope of this reporting are explicitly marked.
note 31 "Group 
Companies"
Acquisitions and divestments
Newly acquired or sold companies in the current financial year are not 
included in the key figures unless this is explicitly stated in the notes to 
the report. Accordingly, no data is included for the Labor Team Group, 
which was acquired on 9 September 2025.
Data collection process
Each key figure is based on defined internal guidelines, processes, 
controls and responsibilities. The data originates either from the internal 
systems of the Galenica Group or, if necessary, from the systems of third 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Calculation basis 143

[page 144]
parties. Unavailable data is estimated in line with recognised processes 
and industry standards.
Assumptions and estimates
For each estimate used, the underlying method is disclosed in the 
following sections.
GRI 302-1, 302-2, 305-1, 
305-2, 305-3
Art. 3 CPO
Data on our environmental impact
As Galenica is constantly optimising the system of environmental 
indicators and gradually expanding the system boundaries (due to 
primarily inorganic corporate growth), the data are only comparable to 
a limited extent from year to year.
Greenhouse gas emissions (CO , CH , N O, HFCs and PFCs, excluding 
NF  and SF , for which there is no consumption) are calculated in 
accordance with the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol. The consolidation 
approach of financial control is used to define the organisational 
boundaries, which means that all companies and sites over which 
Galenica exercises financial control are taken into account.
2 4 2
3 6
Greenhouse gas emissions from joint ventures and associated 
companies are recognised under Scope 3, Category 15 (Investments), as 
there is no financial control.
GRI 302, 305 Energy and emissions
The detailed underlying data for individual energy consumption is 
described in the following sections on the emissions survey.
GRI 302-1, 302-2, 302-3, 
302-4
Consolidation and recognition of energy consumption
Energy consumption within the organisation is divided into three main 
categories:
Electricity consumption includes purchased electricity (except for 
electric vehicles and heat pumps). In addition, any self-generated 
electricity is included in this category (unless used for the operation of 
heat pumps). This category also includes emergency power from 
heating oil and diesel generators and a heating oil-powered sprinkler 
pump.
Heat consumption includes the use of natural gas, heating oil (excl. 
sprinkler pump), district heating and electricity for heat pumps for space 
heating.
Vehicles’ energy consumption includes energy consumption in 
connection with the use of the company’s own vehicle fleet. This involves 
diesel, petrol, compressed natural gas (CNG) and electricity.
The proportion of renewable and non-renewable energy sources 
consumed is also shown. The following energy sources are assumed to 
be renewable: self-produced and self-used solar energy; purchased 
hydropower energy or grid electricity covered by guarantees of origin; 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Calculation basis 144

[page 145]
district heating; biogenic components in diesel (assumption: 7%) and 
compressed natural gas (CNG; assumption: 20%).
GRI 305-1, 305-2, 305-4, 
305-5
GRI 2-4
Data collection & conversion factors for emissions under Scope 1+2
The emissions from activities and energy consumption associated with 
the company’s own operations are calculated and recognised 
methodically using the definitions in accordance with the Greenhouse 
Gas Protocol (GHG Protocol; World Resources Initiative (WRI) and World 
Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD)).
Scope 1 – Fuels and refrigerants
Galenica Group companies collect individual data on their consumption 
of heating oil, (compressed) natural gas, wood pellets, diesel, petrol and 
refrigerant leaks. The energy sources are used for space heating and 
transport, as well as for emergency power generation. Heat 
consumption for rented properties is not recognised under Scope 1 as 
Galenica has no financial control over it.
Scope and underlying data
The greenhouse gas emissions resulting from energy consumption are 
calculated using recognised conversion and emission factors (heating 
oil, natural gas, diesel, petrol: Swiss greenhouse gas inventory from the 
Federal Office for the Environment; biogas, biodiesel, wood pellets: UK 
Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs). The global warming 
potentials of the IPCC are used to calculate the greenhouse gas effect 
of refrigerant losses.
Conversion and emission factors used
The resulting greenhouse gas emissions are calculated separately for 
each data point of energy consumption. Biogenic components in diesel 
used (assumption: 7% biodiesel) and CNG (assumption: 20% compressed 
biomethane) and wood pellets are not recognised in the scope.
Calculation methodology and key assumptions
In the reporting year, heating fuels consumed in rented properties 
(heating oil, natural gas) were no longer accounted for within the 
organisational boundaries. As a result, the related emissions are no 
longer included in Scope 1, but now in Scope 3, Category 8. The 
adjustment was also made retroactively for the base year and the 2024 
financial year. In addition, minor value adjustments were made for 2024 
in line with delayed data submissions.
Restatements
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Calculation basis 145

[page 146]
Scope 2 – Purchased electricity and district heating
The electricity consumption data for Group companies is collected 
centrally by a service provider and reported to Galenica. Group 
companies also collect individual data on the consumption of heat 
pumps, consumption from district heating and the mileage of electric 
vehicles in kilometres. Heat consumption for rented properties is not 
recognised under Scope 2 as Galenica has no financial control over it.
Scope and underlying data
The greenhouse gas emissions resulting from energy consumption are 
calculated using recognised emission factors (district heating: UK 
Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs; grid power 
Switzerland: International Energy Agency (IEA; international electricity 
trading was taken into account), hydropower Switzerland: [Alig, M., 
Tschümperlin, L., & Frischknecht, R. (2017). Greenhouse gas emissions of 
the electricity and district heating mixes in Switzerland according to the 
GHG Protocol. Commissioned by Sustainserv GmbH, UBS Fund 
Management, Swiss Post and pom+ Consulting. treeze Ltd., Uster.] p. 7, 
Table 3.1; Domestic production > Renewables > Hydropower (consumer 
electricity mix), Scope 2 (value normalised to 100%).
Conversion and emission factors used
Galenica purchased 17,500 MWh of guarantees of origin for hydropower 
from Europe for the 2025 financial year. These are purchased from 
Swenex – Swiss Energy Exchange Ltd. as unbundled energy attribution 
certificates and certified by Pronovo Ltd. These certificates are split 
between Group companies in such a way that they contribute an equal 
percentage for each reported form of electricity consumption – which 
means that electricity consumption is already split accordingly to reflect 
hydropower and grid electricity purchases. This does not apply to 
electric vehicles, which, due to a lack of detailed information, are 
assumed to be charged via external charging infrastructure using grid 
electricity available in Switzerland (based on average availability). The 
energy provided is calculated on the basis of aggregate mileage with a 
vehicle efficiency factor of 0.42694 kWh/km.
Calculation methodology and key assumptions
The resulting greenhouse gas emissions are calculated separately for 
each data point associated with energy consumption. For calculations 
involving the “location-based” approach, the emission factor for 
average grid electricity in Switzerland is applied to all electricity 
consumption. For the “market-based” approach, a lower emission factor 
is used for the certified hydropower share specific to the type of 
production in Switzerland.
In the reporting year, district heating purchases in rented properties 
were no longer accounted for within the organisational boundaries. As a 
result, the related emissions are no longer included in Scope 2, but now 
in Scope 3, Category 8. The adjustment was also made retroactively for 
the base year and the 2024 financial year. In addition, minor value 
adjustments were made for 2024 in line with delayed data submissions. 
In particular, the estimated value used for 2024 for electricity 
consumption of pharmacies was replaced by effective consumption 
data.
Restatements
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Calculation basis 146

[page 147]
GRI 305-3
GRI 2-4
Data collection & conversion factors for emissions under Scope 3
The emissions from activities and energy consumption in Galenica’s 
value chain are calculated and recognised methodically using the 
definitions in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHG 
Protocol Corporate Value Chain Standard; World Resources Initiative 
(WRI) and World Business Council for Sustainable Development 
(WBCSD)).
Unless explicitly stated, the data used to calculate Scope 3 emissions is 
not based on information provided by suppliers or other partners.
Although some Scope 3 categories were calculated by Galenica, they 
turned out to be insignificant overall. They are therefore excluded from 
reporting. This applies to emission sources for the disposal of own waste 
(Category 5), business trips (Category 6), downstream transport and 
distribution (Category 9), product usage (Category 11) as well as the 
disposal of products at the end of their life cycle (Category 12).
Due to the numerous assumptions and estimates, Scope 3 values are 
rounded (for values ≥ 10,000 to the nearest 1,000 tCO e, values 
between 1,000 and 10,000 to the nearest 100 tCO e).
2
2
Category 1 – Purchased goods and & services
The financial expenses for goods and services purchased in the 
reporting year serve as the basis for calculating upstream emissions 
from the supply chain. These correspond to the financial reports of all 
companies directly referred to in the consolidated financial statements 
for the reporting year. The expenses are categorised according to the 
area of activity of the respective supplier or service provider and in line 
with the NACE classification (Version 2.0).
Scope and underlying data
The emission factors used come from the EXIOBASE database (in 
tCO e/million euro, 2020) and are assigned to the NACE classes. 
Currency conversion is based on the ECB reference rates and the 
harmonised consumer prices provided by the Federal Statistical Office 
(FSO).
Emission factors
2
Financial expenses are categorised by the type of goods and services 
and multiplied by emission factors from the EXIOBASE database 
(expenditure-based calculation method). The factors (in tCO e/million 
euro) are converted to Swiss francs and adjusted for inflation since the 
EXIOBASE base year. The conversion rates come from the European 
Central Bank (ECB) and the inflation rates from the Federal Statistical 
Office (FSO).
Calculation methodology and key assumptions
2
This key figure was reported for the first time in the reporting year. The 
comparative figures from the base year and the previous year are 
calculated using the same method.
Restatements
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Calculation basis 147

[page 148]
Category 2 – Capital goods
The financial expenses for investments in capital goods in the reporting 
year serve as the basis for calculating upstream emissions from the 
supply chain. These correspond to the financial reports of all companies 
directly referred to in the consolidated financial statements for the 
reporting year. The expenses are categorised according to the area of 
activity of the respective supplier or service provider and in line with the 
NACE classification (Version 2.0).
Scope and underlying data
The emission factors used come from the EXIOBASE database (in 
tCO e/million euro, 2020) and are assigned to the NACE classes. 
Conversion is based on the ECB reference rates and the harmonised 
consumer prices provided by the FSO.
Emission factors
2
Financial expenses are categorised by the type of goods and services 
and multiplied by emission factors from the EXIOBASE database. The 
factors (in tCO e/million euro) are converted to Swiss francs and 
adjusted for inflation since the EXIOBASE base year. The conversion 
rates come from the European Central Bank (ECB) and the inflation rates 
from the Federal Statistical Office (FSO).
Calculation methodology and key assumptions
2
This key figure was reported for the first time in the reporting year. The 
comparative figures from the base year and the previous year are 
calculated using the same method.
Restatements
Category 3 – Fuel- and energy-related activities
The so-called “well-to-tank” (WTT) emissions from the procurement of 
energy sources at Galenica are not included in Scope 1 and 2 and are 
therefore recognised under Scope 3 – Category 3. The underlying data 
corresponds to the aggregate energy consumption (see Scope 1-2).
Scope and underlying data
Upstream greenhouse gas emissions from the purchase of energy 
sources are calculated using recognised emission factors (UK 
Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs). The market-based 
method was used to calculate upstream emissions for renewable 
electricity, according to which no WTT emissions are generated and 
emissions from grid losses are zero or negligible.
Emission factors
The emissions are calculated from the consumption data for the energy 
sources and multiplied by the corresponding “well-to-tank” emission 
factors. The underlying assumptions correspond to those used for 
energy consumption (Scope 1-2).
Calculation methodology and key assumptions
This key figure was reported for the first time in the reporting year. The 
comparative figures from the base year and the previous year are 
calculated using the same method.
Restatements
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Calculation basis 148

[page 149]
Category 4 – Upstream transport & distribution
The Group companies Galexis, Alloga and Pharmapool collect individual 
data on the diesel consumption of their transport service providers. In 
addition, Galenica calculates raw data for goods procured by suppliers 
themselves. This information includes the mode of transport (truck, boat 
and air), weight and distance ex works from the supplier for the 
manufacturing companies Bichsel, Spagyros, Padma and Verfora as well 
as for the wholesalers Galexis, Pharmapool and Unione. Other Group 
companies do not procure any transport services from third parties 
themselves and do not have any relevant incoming goods that are 
delivered directly by third parties.
Scope and underlying data
The greenhouse gas emissions resulting from the energy consumption of 
transport service providers are calculated using recognised conversion 
and emission factors (direct emissions: Swiss greenhouse gas inventory 
from the Federal Office for the Environment; well-to-tank (WTT) 
emissions: UK Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs). Factors 
from the Mobitool database (Version 3.0; truck: goods transport, diesel, 
fleet average; ship: goods transport, container ship; aircraft: goods 
transport, aircraft, average) are used to estimate transport emissions by 
suppliers. These also take into account upstream emissions for 
transport.
Emission factors
The resulting greenhouse gas emissions for each Group company are 
calculated for the diesel consumption of the transport service providers 
(2025: in total 92.8% of emissions in Category 4). A distinction is made 
between emissions from Health Supply and other service providers. 
Biogenic components in diesel used (assumption: 7% bio diesel) are not 
recognised in the scope. The transport performance of suppliers is 
calculated in tonne-kilometres (weight × distance) and the ratio of the 
different modes of transport is estimated. It is assumed that the goods 
will be transported by average trucks, container ships and aircraft (see 
Mobitool database).
Calculation methodology and key assumptions
A value adjustment of Health Supply’s diesel consumption for 2024 also 
leads to a significant increase in fuel consumption by service providers 
(in MWh) and the corresponding emissions compared to the published 
value. In the reporting year, this key figure is reported for the first time 
including deliveries by third parties and WTT emissions. The comparative 
values from the base year and the previous year are adjusted using the 
same method.
Restatements
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Calculation basis 149

[page 150]
Category 7 – Employee commuting & home office
The calculation takes into account all modes of transport that are, on 
average, relevant to commuters in Switzerland according to the Swiss 
Confederation’s statistical survey. Galenica does not have its own 
calculation bases with regard to means of transport and commuting 
distances. Emissions from work on days spent working from home are 
also taken into account. The calculation is based on the key employee 
figures from the Human Resources department expressed in full-time 
equivalents.
Scope and underlying data
The emission factors for the use of cars (fleet average), motorcycles 
(petrol, fleet average), railways (Swiss railways, regional and long-
distance transport average), public transport by road (urban bus (13 m), 
hybrid diesel, single-decker), e-bikes (average), bicycles (conventional, 
urban) and working from home (Work@Home, green electricity mix CH, 
based on an 8-hour day) come from the Mobitool database (Version 
3.0). These also take into account upstream emissions for their use.
Emission factors
The calculation uses the statistical breakdown between modes of 
transport according to the survey by the Federal Statistical Office (FSO) 
on commuter mobility in Switzerland. In addition, the statistical mean for 
the average commuting distance is used. Two commuting journeys are 
assumed for each working day. The number of working days in question 
is calculated as statutory working days minus weekends, public holidays 
and leave. The more people work from home, the lower the number of 
journeys.
Calculation methodology and key assumptions
This key figure was reported for the first time in the reporting year. The 
comparative figures from the base year and the previous year are 
calculated using the same method.
Restatements
Category 8 – Upstream leased real estate
At Galenica, emissions from the use of leased assets arise from the 
heating of rented spaces, particularly in pharmacies. As Galenica has no 
control over this energy consumption, the corresponding greenhouse 
gases are not included in Scope 1 and 2. Some Group companies collect 
data on heat consumption via the landlord in the same way as the 
energy consumption they monitor themselves. The heat consumption of 
9 sites as well as the type of heating and its size are recorded on the 
basis of the retail space (2025: total 99.0% of relevant energy 
consumption for emissions in Cat. 8).
Scope and underlying data
The greenhouse gas emissions caused by heat consumption are 
calculated using recognised conversion and emission factors (heating oil 
and natural gas: Swiss greenhouse gas inventory from the Federal Office 
for the Environment; wood pellets, district heating: UK Department for 
Environment, Food & Rural Affairs; heat pump: International Energy 
Agency (IEA; international electricity trading was taken into account)).
Emission factors
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Calculation basis 150

[page 151]
For pharmacies, heat consumption is extrapolated for all sites based on 
a representative sample of sites. Assuming that pharmacies are heated 
to a similar level on average, this is done via the ratio of the total space 
associated with the samples to the total retail space for all pharmacies.
Calculation methodology and key assumptions
The previous methodology for recording heat consumption has been 
revised. The premises are leased at most Galenica sites, so it has no 
direct influence on heat generation. In line with the recommendations of 
REIDA (Real Estate Investment Data Association), a non-profit 
organisation for investment properties in the Swiss real estate market, 
Galenica therefore does not seek to control emissions from the energy 
sources used by landlords. From this reporting year, the corresponding 
greenhouse gases will therefore be recognised under Scope 3. In all 
cases where Galenica purchases its own energy sources from producers, 
the resulting emissions are reported under Scope 1 (heating oil, natural 
gas, wood pellets) and Scope 2 (district heating, heat pump).
This adjustment results in a restatement of the previous year’s figures. In 
2023, emissions from the use of heating oil (503.8 tCO e), natural gas 
(730.1 tCO e), district heating (638.2 tCO e) and heat pumps (0.6 tCO e) 
were moved from Scope 1+2 to Scope 3, Category 8. For 2024, the shift 
amounted to 724.6 tCO e for heating oil, 675.4 tCO e for natural gas, 
339.4 tCO e for district heating and 0.7 tCO e for the use of heat 
pumps.
Restatements
2
2 2 2
2 2
2 2
Category 15 – Investments
The calculation takes into account all associated companies and joint 
ventures according to the financial statements that are not already 
included in Scope 1 or Scope 2. The data is based on the financial 
information included in the consolidated financial statements of the 
Galenica Group in accordance with IFRS. Investments are classified 
according to industry activity (retail trade excl. motor vehicles, transport 
services, health and social services, education and other services).
The emission factors used come from the PCAF database (Partnership 
for Carbon Accounting Financials, in tCO e/million euro, 2019). 
Conversion is based on the ECB reference rates and the harmonised 
consumer prices provided by the FSO.
Scope and underlying data
Emission factors
2
The emissions financed by investments are calculated methodically in 
accordance with the guidelines of the Partnership for Carbon 
Accounting Financials (PCAF) using the approach for business loans and 
unlisted equity interests. Economic activity data is used to calculate the 
relevant shares of emissions of the companies that are not included in 
Galenica’s scope of consolidation for financial control purposes. The 
factors (in tCO e/million euro) are converted to Swiss francs and 
adjusted for inflation since the PCAF base year. The conversion rates 
come from the European Central Bank and the inflation rates from the 
Federal Statistical Office.
Calculation methodology and key assumptions
2
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Calculation basis 151

[page 152]
This key figure was reported for the first time in the reporting year. The 
comparative figures from the base year and the previous year are 
calculated using the same method.
Restatements
GRI 2-7, 2-8
GRI 401-1, 401-10
GRI 403-9, 403-10
GRI 405-1
GRI 2-4
Data on our employees and diversity among staff
The key figures on the number of employees (GRI 2-7) include all 
companies of the Galenica Group with a majority holding as of 31 
December 2025 (including apprentices, interns and temporary 
employees).
However, more detailed key figures on employees, such as information 
on diversity (GRI 405-1), employee turnover (GRI 401-1), accidents (GRI 
403-9) and illnesses (GRI 403-10), refer exclusively to companies that are 
fully integrated into the Galenica Group HR system, and the necessary 
information is available. For this reason, employees of the Labor Team 
Group in particular are not included in the detailed disclosures for 2025. 
Detailed key figures on employees cover 95.6% of the total employee 
population.
Data on employee turnover
Employee turnover is determined in two stages. On the one hand, 
employee fluctuation is determined on the basis of resignations, but also 
takes into account retirements (ordinary and early) and deaths.
Data on the “Opinio” employee survey
The “Opinio” employee survey is conducted annually by an external 
body in a standardised online format. In 2025, the survey took place 
between 14 October and 14 November, based on the number of 
employees as of September. All employees were surveyed, including 
apprentices and interns, but excluding temporary and external 
employees. Data from the “Opinio” employee survey also includes 
associated companies and joint ventures Coop Vitality, Coop Vitality 
Management, Curarex swiss, Mediservice and Emeda as well as 
employees of the Galenica Pension Fund. However, companies that are 
not fully integrated into the Galenica Group’s HR system, such as the 
employees of Aquantic, the newly acquired Labor Team Group and Dr. 
A&L. Schmidgall are not included. A total of 9,032 employees were 
surveyed.
The key figure for employee motivation is calculated from the arithmetic 
average of 16 questions from the “Opinio” employee survey. This 
average is then converted into a scale from 0 to 100.
Customer satisfaction data
Twice a year, an external market research institute is commissioned to 
survey the Net Promoter Score (NPS) by means of representative market 
surveys. Data is collected via online interviews as part of panels. Data is 
collected from over 2,000 pharmacy customers who are asked how 
likely they are to recommend a pharmacy format to others. People 
answer with a number between 0 (highly unlikely) and 10 (highly likely). 
Responses between 0-6 are classed as “detractors”, 7-8 are classed as 
“indifferent” and 9-10 are classed as “promoters”. To calculate the NPS, 
the percentage of “promoters” is subtracted from the percentage of 
“detractors”. The NPS can therefore be between -100 (very poor) and 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Calculation basis 152

[page 153]
+100 (very good). The regular Net Promoter Score (rNPS) positions the 
NPS of Galenica in relation to the NPS of competitors. For competitive 
reasons, Galenica does not disclose the actual figure or distance to the 
best competitor.
The NPS is collected for the Amavita, Sun Store and Coop Vitality 
pharmacy formats and is included in the key figure accordingly. The 
measurement point relevant to the achievement of the objective is the 
average of the two measurements in the year. The degree of target 
achievement is based on the calculated rNPS for the second 
measurement point compared to the rNPS target defined by the Board 
of Directors.
Data on number of healthcare services
The healthcare services disclosed are provided in the Amavita, Sun 
Store and Coop Vitality formats’ pharmacies and charged to the 
customer via the healthcare system. A Pharmacode is stored for each 
service. This way, the number of healthcare services performed can be 
calculated and monitored accordingly. Values are rounded to the 
nearest thousand.
The definition of the number of healthcare services was adjusted in 
2025. In the past, the focus was on the number of services provided in 
acute care (primary care). From 2025, a broader view was taken, which 
includes services in the areas of vaccination services and other 
healthcare services such as heart checks and wound care. The previous 
year’s figures have been adjusted accordingly in accordance with the 
new definition.
Restatement
GRI 2-4 Correction or restatements of information
The report includes detailed disclosures on key environmental, social 
and governance figures, including definitions, methods used and 
relevant assumptions, in particular in the area of key environmental 
figures and restatements where necessary.
We strive to keep the definition and calculation of our key sustainability 
figures consistent over time. Nevertheless, key figures or targets may be 
adjusted to best reflect our strategic priorities or changes to standards. 
In such cases – as well as in the case of material corrections from the 
previous year – the comparative figures are restated accordingly. The 
decision on a restatement is based on an overall assessment of the 
impact on the report.
Unless otherwise stated, the published key figures refer to the financial 
year and to actual data for the period January to December. Due to 
unavailability of data, some estimates have to be made.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Calculation basis 153

[page 154]
GRI 2-5 Independent audit
Ernst & Young Ltd. was appointed by Galenica to perform a limited 
independent audit of selected key figures in the GRI report. Ernst & 
Young Ltd. is also the external statutory auditor of the 
, the s in accordance with IFRS 
and the .
Remuneration 
report consolidated financial statement
statutory financial statements of Galenica Ltd
Further details on the audit can be found in the 
.
independent assurance 
report
All audited figures in the sustainability reporting are marked in the report 
with the symbol .►
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Calculation basis 154

[page 155]
GRI report – Independent Assurance Report
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Independent Assurance Report 155

[page 156]
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Independent Assurance Report 156

[page 157]
Galenica Annual Report 2025 GRI report – Independent Assurance Report 157

[page 158]
Read our spotlight now Click here for the spotlight
Spotlight
Shaping the future –  
Digital Health
Galenica is  
committed to  
e-prescriptions
Digitalisation is gaining momentum in 
healthcare. Electronic prescriptions are an 
important lever on the path to a connected  
healthcare system. With HCI Solutions as  
a competence partner, Galenica is actively 
involved in the launch of digital solutions 
such as e-prescriptions, thus helping to 
shape this development.
Spotlight
Added value in the network –  
Omni-Channel
Majority stake  
in Puravita
At the start of January 2026, Galenica 
increased its investment in Puravita from 34% 
to 80%. In doing so, we are strengthening  
our position in the pharmacy and drugstore 
segment and systematically expanding the 
digital business with one of the largest online 
product ranges in Switzerland (over 45,000 
products). Puravita is very well positioned and 
impresses with its excellent customer focus.

[page 159]
Governance
Corporate Governance 160
Group structure and  
shareholders 161
Structure of the share capital 163
Board of Directors 165
Information and monitoring  
tools of the Board of Director
s  
with respect to management 172
Management 174
Remuneration, Shareholdings  
and Loans 177
Shareholders’ rights to  
participate 178
Change of control and  
defence measures 180
Auditors 181
Information policy 182
Fixed blackout periods 184
Members of the Board  
of Directors 185
Members of the Executive  
Committee 188
Remuneration report 192
Letter from the Chair of  
the Remuneration Committee 194
Governance: principles  
and responsibilities in setting  
compensation 196
Remuneration system of  
the Board of Directors 200
Remuneration system  
of the Corporate  
Executive Committee 202
Remuneration awarded for  
2025 and 2024 210
Other remuneration 216
Shareholdings of  
the C
orporate  
Executive Committee 217
External mandates of the Bord  
of Directors and the  
Corporate Executive Committee 
at 31 December 2025  
and 2024 218
Report of the statutory  
auditor on the audit of  
the remuneration report 220

[page 160]
Governance – Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance
Governance The Corporate Governance report outlines the structures, 
processes, and regulations on which well-functioning 
corporate governance at Galenica is based. Galenica 
meets the requirements of Swiss law and those stated in 
the SIX Swiss Exchange Directive on Information relating to 
Corporate Governance (Directive Corporate Governance) 
and follows the recommendations of the Swiss Code of 
Best Practice for Corporate Governance of 
economiesuisse. The structure of this Corporate 
Governance report is based on the SIX Swiss Exchange 
Directive Corporate Governance. The remuneration and 
profit-sharing for top management are disclosed in a 
separate Remuneration report, Chapter Remuneration 
awarded for 2025 and 2024.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 160

[page 161]
Group structure and shareholders
Structure of the Group
Galenica is headquartered at Untermattweg 8, 3027 Bern, Switzerland. It 
is a corporation under Swiss law and, as a holding company, owns all 
the companies in the Galenica Group directly or indirectly. Galenica has 
been listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange since 7 April 2017 (ticker symbol: 
GALE). Shares in Group companies are not publicly traded.
The Group’s structure and the consolidated subsidiaries and associates 
are shown in the Consolidated financial statements 2025 (Note 32, 
Group companies). The  of Galenica, the 
 and the  committees of the 
Board of Directors can be accessed on the .
Articles of Association
Organisational Regulations charters of the
Galenica website
Shareholders
As at 31 December 2025, Galenica had 20,123 registered shareholders, 
four of which, according to documents submitted to Galenica and the 
SIX Swiss Exchange, were major shareholders holding 3% or more of the 
voting rights in Galenica Ltd.
Major shareholders as at 31 December 2025
(holding 3% or more of the voting rights)
Shareholders Number of shares Shares in %
UBS Fund Management (Switzerland) AG, 
Switzerland 5,487,581 11.0
Alecta Pensionsförsäkring, Sweden 2,000,000 4.0
BlackRock, Inc., USA 1,579,198 3.2
Swisscanto Fondsleitung AG, Switzerland 1,533,324 3.1
No other shareholder disclosed exceeding the 3% threshold of shares.
The transactions disclosed to the Stock Exchange Disclosure Office 
pursuant to Article 120 of the Federal Act on Financial Market 
Infrastructures and Market Conduct in Securities and Derivatives Trading 
(FinMIA) can be viewed on the Disclosure Office website of the SIX 
Exchange Regulation.
As of 31 December 2025, the pension fund of the Galenica Group was 
not registered.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 161

[page 162]
Cross shareholdings
Galenica has no cross shareholdings in companies outside the Galenica 
Group.
Number of registered shareholders as at 31 December 2025
Number of shares Shareholders Shares in %
1 - 100 4,692 0.5%
101 - 1,000 13,022 9.8%
1,001 - 10,000 2,154 11.1%
10,001 - 100,000 210 13.1%
> 100,000 45 26.9%
Total registered shareholders/shares 20,123 61.4%
Unregistered shares   38.6%
Total   100.0%
Registered shareholders per type as at 31 December 2025
  Shareholders in % Shares in %
Individual shareholders 94.8% 35.2%
Legal entities 5.2% 64.8%
Total 100.0% 100.0%
Registered shareholders per country as at 31 December 2025
  Shareholders in % Shares in %
Switzerland 96.0% 82.6%
Germany 2.2% 0.9%
USA 0.1% 4.8%
GB 0.1% 8.8%
Other countries 1.6% 2.9%
Total 100.0% 100.0%
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 162

[page 163]
Structure of the share capital
Share capital
As at 31 December 2025, the fully paid share capital of Galenica 
amounted to , divided into  registered shares, 
each with a nominal value of . Galenica shares (securities 
 ) are listed on the SIX Swiss 
Exchange. As at 31 December 2025,  shares were outstanding 
(not including treasury shares). The market capitalisation amounted to 
. With regard to dividend entitlement and voting 
rights see chapter  below.
CHF 5,000,000 50,000,000
CHF 0.10
no. 36 067 446, ISIN CH036 067 446 6
49,824,384
CHF 4,867.8 million
Shareholders’ rights to participate
Capital band and conditional capital in 
particular
According to Article 3b of the , the share capital 
may be increased by a maximum of CHF 500,000 by the issuance of a 
maximum of 5,000,000 fully paid registered shares with a nominal value 
of CHF 0.10 each, through the voluntary or compulsory exercise of 
conversion rights and/or option rights granted in connection with the 
issuance of bonds or similar financial market instruments of the 
Company or one of its Group companies on national or international 
capital markets. As of 31 December 2025, Galenica had no conditional 
capital. Furthermore, Galenica has no capital band.
Articles of Association
Changes in the capital
Information about changes in the share capital, reserves during the last 
three financial years and distributable profit during the last three 
financial years can be found in the  of 
Galenica Ltd., Note Shareholders’ equity.
Financial statements 2025
Participation and dividend-right certificates
Galenica has no participation or dividend-right certificates.
Registration of shareholders
Buyers of shares are entered in the shareholders’ register upon request 
as shareholders with voting rights if they declare explicitly that they 
have acquired the shares in their own name and for their own account 
(Article 6(1) of the ).Articles of Association
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 163

[page 164]
Registration and limitations on transferability
The Board of Directors may refuse registration in the shareholders’ 
register if purchasers do not declare explicitly, upon request, that they 
have acquired the shares in their own name and for their own account. 
The Board of Directors is also authorised to cancel any entries in the 
shareholders’ register that came about on the basis of incorrect 
information or to change these into entries without voting rights, and 
vice versa (Article 6(5) of the ).Articles of Association
Registration of nominees
A nominee may be registered with voting rights up to a limit of 2% of the 
share capital entered in the commercial register. Shares in excess of this 
limit can only be registered if the nominee in question discloses the 
name, address, and number of shares of the person for whose account 
the nominee holds 0.5% or more of the share capital entered in the 
commercial register (Article 6(2) of the ). Galenica 
has signed an agreement of this nature with three nominees.
Articles of Association
Convertible bonds and options
Galenica has no outstanding convertible bonds, nor has it issued any 
options.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 164

[page 165]
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors of Galenica is responsible for the overall 
management and ultimate supervision of the Group. It determines the 
strategic goals, the general ways and means to achieve them while 
harmonising strategy, risks, and financial resources, and issues 
instructions and oversees the managers responsible for conducting the 
company’s businesses. The Board of Directors pursues the aim of 
increasing enterprise value on a sustainable basis and ensures a 
balanced relationship between management and control (corporate 
governance). It decides on the Group’s medium-term planning, budget, 
and annual objectives. The values and essential framework of the 
company’s activities are also determined by the Board of Directors. For 
the Board of Directors, sustainability is of central importance and bears 
ultimate responsibility for the economic, environmental and social 
impact of the Galenica Group. The Board of Directors approves the 
sustainability goals and monitors progress in achieving them. With 
regard to personnel, the Board of Directors is responsible for the 
selection and deselection of the members of the committees, the CEO, 
and the members of the Corporate Executive Committee, as well as the 
organisation of the remuneration system.
The specific duties of the Board of Directors of Galenica are based on 
the Swiss Code of Obligations (in particular Article 716a CO), the 
company’s  and its . 
Pursuant to the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors consists of 
five to nine members (Article 17(1) of the ).
Articles of Association Organisational Regulations
Articles of Association
The Board of Directors consisted of seven members as of the end of 
2025.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 165

[page 166]
Board of Directors competence and evaluation
In selecting the members of the Board of Directors, care is taken to 
ensure that the relevant competences for Galenica’s activities are 
represented and that the necessary specialised expertise is available. 
The Board of Directors evaluates current and prospective members of 
the Board according to a competence matrix to ensure that an 
appropriate mix of relevant skills and experiences are represented. 
Particular attention is paid to diversity and complementarity.
In 2022, an assessment was carried out with external support (Thomas 
Hammer, Board Consulting). The Board of Directors is a well-constituted 
team of optimum size, with a range of experience, complementary 
expertise and a good combination of different personalities. The Board 
of Directors and the committees of the Board of Directors carried out a 
self-assessment in 2025.
Competences
 
Markus R.
Neuhaus
Pascale
Bruderer
Nadine 
Balkanyi-
Nordmann
Bertrand
Jungo
Judith
Meier
Solange
Peters
Jörg
Zulauf
Industry Experience   x x x x x x
Digitalisation   x   x   x x
Regulations/Politics x x x   x x  
Leadership/Big Corp. x   x x x   x
Finance/M&A x   x       x
Legal/Compliance x   x       x
HR/Remuneration x x   x x x  
Sustainability x x x       x
Age (as of 31 December 2025)
41 - 45: 0%
46 - 50: 14%
51 - 55: 29%
56 - 60: 14%
61 - 65: 14%
66 - 70: 29%
Gender (as of 31 December 2025)
Female: 57%
Male: 43%
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 166

[page 167]
The number of appointments that a member of the Board of Directors 
may hold in comparable positions at other commercial companies is 
limited to seven, of which four may be appointments at listed 
companies, and is limited to fifteen appointments at other legal entities 
such as foundations and associations with a for-profit purpose. These 
limits must not be exceeded, unless the appointment is temporary. 
These restrictions do not apply to appointments at companies 
controlled by Galenica or carried out on behalf of Galenica or 
companies controlled by it. An appointment at a group of legal entities 
which are under uniform control is deemed a single appointment (Article 
17(3) of the ). Please refer to the 
 for information regarding functions exercised by members of the 
Bord of Directors and members of the Corporate Executive Committee 
at other for-profit companies.
Articles of Association Remuneration 
report
None of the members of the Board of Directors hold an executive role 
within Galenica or in any of the companies within the Group in the year 
under review or has held such a role in any of the three financial years 
prior to the year under review.
Based on the criteria of the Swiss Code of Best Practice for Corporate 
Governance, all members are independent.
Disclosure of potential conflicts of interest
No member of the Galenica Board of Directors has any significant 
relations with Galenica or any of its subsidiaries.
Election and term of office
Each member of the Board of Directors and the Chair are elected 
individually by the Annual General Meeting for a term of office of one 
year until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. The members of 
the Board of Directors usually step down no later than after a total of 12 
years in office. Under special circumstances, and if this serves the 
interests of the company, the Board of Directors can propose 
exceptions to this rule – limited to a maximum of 16 years in office 
(Article 3.4 of the ).Organisational Regulations
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 167

[page 168]
Internal organisation
The Chair calls a meeting of the Board of Directors at least four times a 
year and prepares and leads the meetings. The individual agenda items 
are set by the Chair. He decides on a case-by-case basis whether to 
involve additional persons in the consultations of the Board of 
Directors. Members of the Corporate Executive Committee participate 
in every meeting to report on current business activities and to explain in 
more detail the documentation in light of the decisions to be taken. Any 
member of the Board may request that the Chair calls a meeting of the 
Board of Directors and that items be included on the agenda. The 
members of the Board receive the documentation they need to prepare 
for the agenda items in a timely manner, normally seven days before the 
meeting in question. The Board of Directors constitutes a quorum when 
the majority of its members are present. Minutes are kept, recording all 
discussions and resolutions.
As part of its risk management, the Board of Directors receives from the 
Corporate Executive Committee an overview of the most important 
risks, along with preventive measures to be implemented group-wide as 
part of the risk management process. This is provided when 
circumstances require it, but at least twice a year. The Board of 
Directors approves the overview.
A commitment to abiding by the law and guidelines (compliance) and 
acting with integrity is the cornerstone of the corporate culture of the 
Galenica Group and is a consistent focus of its corporate governance. 
The Board of Directors ascertained the current status of the various 
compliance measures at a meeting held during the year under review. 
The  is particularly important for 
the Board of Directors. It sets out all of the key principles relating to 
corruption, bribery, gifts and the provision of hospitality for all 
employees.
Code of Conduct of the Galenica Group
Our commitment to the law always includes full compliance with tax 
regulations. This means conducting all transactions - both internal and 
external - in line with tax requirements, filing accurate and timely returns 
and disclosures, and paying taxes when due. To ensure high standards, 
Galenica engages external tax advisors and relies on its internal tax 
function. We closely monitor international developments, such as OECD 
BEPS initiatives and EU directives, and apply new compliance standards 
promptly. Galenica does not use offshore or artificial structures 
unrelated to business needs. While operating mainly in Switzerland, the 
Group submits country-by-country tax information as well as OECD 
Pillar 2 tax information where required.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 168

[page 169]
Committees
The Board of Directors forms the following committees from its members:
– Governance, Nomination and Sustainability Committee
– Remuneration Committee
– Audit and Risk Committee
Each committee has its own duties and responsibilities, which are 
stipulated in a charter.
The committees prepare the business of the Board of Directors in the 
areas of activity assigned to them and submit recommendations to the 
entire Board of Directors. They meet as often as business requires and 
report to the Board of Directors on their activities and results. They draw 
up their own agendas and keep minutes.
Committees of the Board of Directors and their chairs and members 2025
  Name Member since Independent
Remuneration 
Committee (RC)
Audit and Risk 
Committee (ARC)
Governance, 
Nomination and 
Sustainability 
Committee 
(GNSC)
Board of Directors Markus R. Neuhaus
Chair
2019 Yes     Chair
Pascale Bruderer
Vice-Chair 2020 Yes Member   Member
Nadine Balkanyi-
Nordmann 2025 Yes   Member  
Bertrand Jungo 2018 Yes Chair Member Member
Judith Meier 2022 Yes   Member  
Solange Peters 2023 Yes Member    
Jörg Zulauf 2023 Yes   Chair  
Honorary Chair Etienne Jornod          
General Secretary Jürg Pauli          
Governance, Nomination and Sustainability 
Committee
The Governance, Nomination and Sustainability Committee comprises 
three members. This committee supports the Board of Directors in the 
ultimate direction and supervision of the Company and the Group. It 
supports the Board of Directors in determining the appropriate size, 
function, and needs of the Board, as well as the identification of 
individuals qualified to become or be re-elected as Board members. It 
also evaluates the appointment of and changes to the members of the 
Corporate Executive Committee and is kept informed about the 
succession planning for the Senior Management levels.
The Committee assists the Board in advising on the sustainability 
strategy, targets, initiatives and legislation regarding ESG topics. It 
includes monitoring progress on sustainability goals.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 169

[page 170]
Remuneration Committee
In the year under review, the Remuneration Committee was composed 
of three members of the Board of Directors who meet the independence 
criteria set forth in the . The Remuneration 
Committee carries out the following duties in particular:
Organisational Regulations
– Proposes the remuneration policy and objectives for the Group and 
the members of the Corporate Executive Committee to the Board of 
Directors;
– Proposes the salaries and remuneration for the members of the Board 
of Directors, the Chair and the CEO to the Board of Directors;
– Approves the remuneration for the members of the Corporate 
Executive Committee (excluding the CEO) according to the proposal 
of the CEO and in agreement with the Chair of the Board of Directors.
The regulations in the  governing remuneration as 
well as the activities and focuses of the Remuneration Committee in the 
year under review are detailed in the .
Articles of Association
Remuneration report
Audit and Risk Committee
In the year under review, the Audit and Risk Committee comprised four 
members and supports the Board of Directors in fulfilling its duties with 
regard to accounting, financial and non-financial reporting, risk 
management, and compliance, as well as internal and external audits. 
The Audit and Risk Committee carries out the following duties in 
particular:
– Audits reports by the Corporate Executive Committee on the 
company’s compliance and risk management process;
– Monitors measures taken by the Corporate Executive Committee for 
compliance with internal and external regulations;
– Evaluates the effectiveness of the external auditor and approves its 
fees;
– Evaluates the internal audit programme, takes note of reports from 
Internal Audit and checks whether the Corporate Executive 
Committee has used appropriate measures to implement Internal 
Audit’s recommendations;
– Submits recommendations to the Board of Directors on the Group’s 
capital structure, financing of investments and acquisitions, and 
setting of long-term objectives;
– Reviews the non-financial reporting.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 170

[page 171]
Frequency of meetings of the Board of Directors 
and its committees in 2025
In 2025, the Board of Directors held seven meetings. Each meeting 
lasted between four to eight hours, including a two-day strategy 
meeting. The Remuneration Committee met three times, the Audit and 
Risk Committee eight times. The Governance Nomination and 
Sustainability Committee met three times. Furthermore, various 
videoconferences regarding specific topics were held.
In principle, all the members participate in all the meetings of the Board 
of Directors. Attendance of meetings of the Board of Directors in 2025 
was 98%, and that of committee meetings was between 97% and 100%.
The CEO and CFO attended a given part of the meetings of the Board 
of Directors and attended each meeting of the Audit and Risk 
Committee. The Board of Directors and its Committees invite members 
of the Corporate Executive Committee to attend the meetings related 
to specific topics.
Attendance in Board Meetings and Committees in 2025
  Board of Directors
Audit and Risk 
Committee (ARC)
Remuneration 
Committee (RC)
Governance, 
Nomination and 
Sustainability 
Committee (GNSC)
Number of meetings 7 8 3 3
Average duration (hours) 6 3 2 1
Meeting attendance 98% 97% 100% 100%
  Board of Directors
Audit and Risk 
Committee (ARC)
Remuneration 
Committee (RC)
Governance, 
Nomination and 
Sustainability 
Committee (GNSC)
Number of meetings 7 8 3 3
Markus R. Neuhaus 7     3
Pascale Bruderer 7   3 3
 Nadine Balkanyi-Nordmann
1)
4 5    
Bertrand Jungo 7 8 3 3
Judith Meier 7 8    
Solange Peters 7   3  
Jörg Zulauf 7 8    
1) member since April 2025
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 171

[page 172]
Information and monitoring tools of the 
Board of Directors with respect to 
management
Risk management
Galenica has a risk management process in place which enables the 
Board of Directors, the Corporate Executive Committee, and the 
relevant management of Group companies to identify and assess 
potential risks in a timely manner and take the preventive measures 
necessary. The goal of this process is to identify and assess significant 
risks at all management levels and to manage them while making 
conscious use of the opportunities the process provides.
As part of Group-wide Galenica Risk Management (GRM), the risk 
assessment is conducted at least twice a year. This standardised 
process is based on a risk grid in which the most important strategic and 
operational risks and their possible effects – particularly from a financial 
and reputational perspective – are identified in line with pre-defined 
criteria and then evaluated in accordance with the probability of their 
occurrence and their effect. These risks are entered into a Group-wide 
risk matrix.
The Board of Directors of Galenica receives an overview of the most 
important risks from the Corporate Executive Committee when 
circumstances require it, but at least twice a year. The Board approves 
the overview, adding information as needed, and where required takes 
decisions on any preventive measures necessary, which will then be 
implemented Group-wide as part of the risk management process.
Galenica defines risk as the possibility that an event or an action will 
lead to financial loss or other negative consequences.
Additional information about the management of financial risks can be 
found in the 
.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 2025, Note 
26 Financial risk management
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 172

[page 173]
Internal control system
As part of its risk management system, Galenica operates an internal 
control system (ICS) to provide reliable internal and external financial 
reporting and to prevent false information and errors about business 
transactions. The ICS provides the necessary processes and controls to 
ensure that risks relating to the quality of the company’s financial 
reporting can be detected and managed in a timely manner. A 
thorough review of the existence of the processes and controls of the 
Galenica ICS is carried out annually by the external auditors at the time 
of the interim audit. The results of these reviews are reported to the 
Audit and Risk Committee. Appropriate measures are taken by 
management to continually improve the company’s processes with 
regard to the process areas of purchasing, procurement, investments, 
sales, HR, general financial management and reporting, as well as IT 
controls.
Internal Audit
Internal Audit carries out audits of operational and strategic risk 
management and the ICS in accordance with the audit plan determined 
by the Audit and Risk Committee. It carries out reviews, analyses and 
interviews across the Group and helps the Service Units to meet their 
targets by ensuring an independent assessment of the effectiveness of 
the internal control processes. Internal Audit regularly produces reports 
on its audits and reports directly to the Audit and Risk Committee in 
writing. The activities of Internal Audit are conducted through contracts 
issued to external service providers.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 173

[page 174]
Management
as of 31 December 2025
The Board of Directors has delegated the management of the company 
to the CEO in accordance with the  and the 
. The CEO assumes operational 
management of the Galenica Group and heads the Corporate 
Executive Committee. The CEO reports to the Chair of the Board of 
Directors. The Board of Directors maintains regular contact with the CEO 
and the members of the Corporate Executive Committee.
Articles of Association
Organisational Regulations
As of the end of 2025, the Corporate Executive Committee had nine 
members.
Corporate Executive Committee
The instructions and resolutions of the Board of Directors are 
implemented for each of the Group’s Service Units by the Corporate 
Executive Committee under the leadership of the CEO. The Board sets 
appropriate objectives for the CEO and those members of the 
Corporate Executive Committee allocated to the relevant Service Unit 
and approves the budget. The Board of Directors receives monthly 
reports, which include key figures and reporting on important events and 
developments, and on the planning cycle. In the first quarter, the 
previous year's results are compared with an initial forecast for the 
current financial year, and the annual financial statements for the 
previous year are prepared. In the second quarter, a second forecast for 
the current financial year is made. In the third quarter, the half-year 
financial statements are prepared, along with a third forecast for the 
current year. In the fourth quarter, another forecast is created for the 
current year together with the budget for the following year and 
medium-term planning for the next two years.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 174

[page 175]
If a member of the Corporate Executive Committee wishes to accept 
appointments with comparable functions at other commercial 
companies, this requires the approval of the Board of Directors and is 
limited to five appointments, of which a maximum of one per member of 
the Corporate Executive Committee may be at a listed company; the 
maximum number of appointments per member of the Corporate 
Executive Committee at other legal entities such as non-profit 
foundations and associations is limited to ten. Only temporary 
exceedances are permitted. These restrictions do not apply to 
appointments at companies controlled by Galenica or carried out on 
behalf of Galenica or companies controlled by it. Appointments in 
different legal entities which are under uniform control are deemed a 
single appointment (Article 20 (4) of the ). All 
members of the Corporate Executive Committee are compliant with this 
Article. Please refer to the  for information regarding 
functions exercised by members of the Bord of Directors and members 
of the Corporate Executive Committee at other for-profit companies.
Articles of Association
Remuneration report
Further information on the other duties of the Board of Directors and the 
Corporate Executive Committee can be found in the 
 published on the Galenica website.
Organisational 
Regulations
Age (as of 31 December 2025)
41 - 45: 11%
46 - 50: 45%
51 - 55: 22%
56 - 60: 22%
61 - 65: 0%
66 - 70: 0%
Gender (as of 31 December 2025)
Female: 22%
Male: 78%
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 175

[page 176]
Information and monitoring tools
The Board of Directors monitors the Corporate Executive Committee 
and supervises its working practices. The Galenica Group has a 
comprehensive electronic information management system. The Board 
of Directors receives a written report on a quarterly basis and is 
informed on a monthly basis about the Group’s financial and operating 
performance. In addition, operating performance, opportunities, and 
risks are discussed in depth at meetings attended by members of the 
Corporate Executive Committee.
Management contracts
No management contracts exist as specified under point 4.4 of the 
Annexe to the SIX Swiss Exchange Directive Corporate Governance.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 176

[page 177]
Remuneration, Shareholdings and Loans
The regulations in the  governing remuneration 
(incl. profit-sharing, loans, credits, and pension benefits) of members of 
the Board of Directors and the Corporate Executive Committee, as well 
as those governing votes by the Annual General Meeting on 
remuneration can be found in the .
Articles of Association
Remuneration report
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 177

[page 178]
Shareholders’ rights to participate
Voting rights restrictions and representation
According to Article 13(1) of the , every registered 
share listed in the shareholders’ register of the company with voting 
rights shall grant entitlement to one vote but, subject to para. 2 of 
Article 13 of the , in the exercise of such voting 
rights, no shareholder may either directly or indirectly act for a total of 
more than 5% of the share capital entered in the Commercial Register, 
including both his own shares and the shares represented by him.
Articles of Association
Articles of Association
The Board of Directors is also entitled to grant the voting right up to a 
maximum of 20% of the share capital registered with the Commercial 
Register to strategic partners (Article 13(2) of the ). 
The Board of Directors did not exercise this right in the year under 
review.
Articles of Association
According to Article 13(3) of the , a shareholder 
may be represented at the General Meeting by the independent proxy 
holder, their legal representative or, based on a written proxy form, by 
another authorised representative who does not need to be a 
shareholder. There are no rules that deviate from legal provisions 
relating to attendance of the General Meeting.
Articles of Association
Each share recorded as a share with voting rights in the shareholders’ 
register entitles the holder to one vote at the General Meeting. 
Shareholders are also entitled to dividends and have other rights 
pursuant to the Swiss Code of Obligations.
This provision of the Articles of Association may be annulled by the 
general meeting with a quorum in accordance with Article 13(5) of the 
.Articles of Association
Quorums under the Articles of Association
Unless otherwise provided by the Swiss Code of Obligations or the 
, the general meeting shall pass resolutions and 
conduct elections by a majority of the shares bearing voting rights 
represented.
Articles of Association
Convening of the Annual General Meeting
The Annual General Meeting is held each year within six months of the 
close of the financial year (Article 10(1) of the ).Articles of Association
Extraordinary General Meetings shall be convened as required by 
resolution of the Annual General Meeting or by the Board of Directors or, 
if necessary, by the auditor. Shareholders may request that a General 
Meeting be convened, provided they together hold at least 5% of the 
share capital or of the votes. Their request that the meeting be 
convened must be made in writing. The items on the agenda and 
motions must be included in the request. (Article 10(2) of the 
).
Articles of 
Association
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 178

[page 179]
The  do not differ from the relevant legal 
regulations as regards the convening of the General Meeting and the 
setting of the agenda.
Articles of Association
The General Meeting is convened by the Board of Directors no later than 
20 days before the date of the meeting (Article 11(1) of the 
). The shareholders are invited to attend by a notice placed 
in the Swiss Gazette of Commerce (SHAB). The Board of Directors may 
designate additional publication organs. The meeting may also be 
convened by sending a letter or e-mail to the addresses stated in the 
shareholders’ register (Article 28 of the ). The 
following information must be included in the notice convening the 
General Meeting: the date, the starting time, the form and the location 
of the General Meeting; the items on the agenda; the motions of the 
Board of Directors and a brief explanation of the motions; if applicable, 
the motions of the shareholders together with a brief explanation of the 
reasons; the name and address of the independent proxy holder (Article 
11(2) of the ).
Articles of 
Association
Articles of Association
Articles of Association
Inclusion of items on the agenda
Shareholders may request that items be placed on the agenda 
provided that they together hold at least 0.5% of the company’s share 
capital or votes. Subject to those prerequisites, shareholders may 
request that motions relating to agenda items be included in the 
convocation of the General Meeting. The shareholders may submit a 
brief statement of reasons for the inclusion of agenda items or motions. 
This must be included in the convocation of the General Meeting. Such a 
request must be received by the company in writing at least 40 days 
prior to the meeting, stating the agenda item, motion or motions (Article 
10(3) of the ).Articles of Association
Shareholders’ register
There are no regulations in the  regarding a 
deadline for entry in the shareholders’ register. However, for practical 
reasons the shareholders’ register remains closed to entries for several 
days prior to a General Meeting. With regard to the coming Annual 
General Meetings this will be the case from Tuesday, 14 April 2026 for 
financial year 2025 and from Thursday,   for financial year 
2026. Shareholders entered in the shareholders’ register by Monday, 13 
April 2026 and Wednesday, 14  respectively may exercise their 
voting rights at the corresponding Annual General Meeting.
Articles of Association
15 April 2027
 April 2027
Instructions to the independent proxy holder may be given in writing and 
also electronically through a platform called Nimbus Shapp , which is 
used by Galenica. The invitation to the Annual General Meeting, which 
will be sent to all shareholders on or around , includes the 
required login information to create a personal user profile (Article 13(3) 
of the ). The instructions must be received by the 
independent proxy holder by the evening of the penultimate day before 
the Annual General Meeting, i.e. by Sunday, 19 April 2026 for the 2026 
Annual General Meeting and by Tuesday,   for the 2027 
Annual General Meeting.
®
24 March 2026
Articles of Association
20 April 2027
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 179

[page 180]
Change of control and defence measures
The obligation to make a public offer pursuant to Article 125 et seq. 
FinMIA has not been changed in the . The 
employment contracts of the members of the Corporate Executive 
Committee and the members of senior management contain no 
provisions to this effect either.
Articles of Association
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 180

[page 181]
Auditors
Ernst & Young AG, Bern, Switzerland, have been the Galenica Group’s 
auditors since 2017. Daniel Zaugg, certified accountant and partner at 
, has been the leading auditor since the business year 
2021. The total fees paid to the Group’s auditors, , in 2025 
for their audit of Galenica and its subsidiaries amounted 
to  .
Ernst & Young
Ernst & Young
CHF 1,026,000
The fees paid to Ernst & Young and their close collaborators for other 
services rendered to Galenica and its subsidiaries in the period under 
review amounted to  for additional advice in audit matters 
(such as tax advice, due diligence and services in relation to the limited 
assurance of the report on non-financial matters).
CHF 229,000
In 2025, the auditors attended two meetings of the Audit and Risk 
Committee and one meeting of the Board of Directors. The chair of the 
Audit and Risk Committee separately met the lead auditor several times 
during the year. The auditors presented their report to the Board of 
Directors at the meeting of .5 March 2026
The auditors are regularly informed of new projects. Their activities are 
reviewed at least once a year by the Audit and Risk Committee. The 
criteria that are of particular importance in these reviews are: 
competence in reporting, understanding of the structure of the Group, 
quality of reporting, compliance with deadlines, independence, and 
costs. The auditors have direct access to the chair of the Audit and Risk 
Committee regarding the discussion of relevant issues.
The timing of the auditor rotation is currently under review.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 181

[page 182]
Information policy
Corporate Governance Galenica and its companies operate an active and 
transparent information policy towards all their stakeholder 
groups. Consistency and credibility are two fundamental 
principles that are reflected in factual, comprehensive, and 
objective communication.
Ad hoc announcements pursuant to 
Article 53 Listing Rules
Price-sensitive facts are communicated in a timely manner via electronic 
media and in accordance with the applicable SIX Swiss Exchange 
Directive on Ad hoc Publicity (see 
).
https://www.galenica.com/en/
medien/archiv-mm.php?type=adhoc
Periodic publications
Once a year, Galenica publishes an annual report and a half-year 
report. The full versions of these publications are available on the 
. Galenica sends a printed version of the Annual Report 
to shareholders by mail only .
Galenica website
upon request
The invitation to the Annual General Meeting is sent to shareholders 
electronically or by mail and is additionally published in the Swiss Official 
Gazette of Commerce.
Internet
All Galenica publications, all media releases, and other supplementary 
information about the Group can be found on the 
(www.galenica.com).
Galenica website
Contact persons and important publication 
dates
For shareholders
For shareholders in relation to Corporate Governance:
Jürg Pauli, Secretary of the Board of Directors
phone +41 58 852 85 14, aktienregister@galenica.com
For investors
Julian Fiessinger, CFO
phone +41 58 852 85 31, investors@galenica.com
For the media
Iris Müller, Chief Communications Officer
phone +41 58 852 85 17, media@galenica.com
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 182

[page 183]
Agenda 2026/2027
– Annual General Meeting 2026: 21 April 2026
– Sales Update: 28 May 2026
– Half-year report 2026: 6 August 2026
– Sales Update: 22 October 2026
– Annual Report 2026: 9 March 2027
– Annual General Meeting 2027: 22 April 2027
Further important dates can be found on the .Galenica website
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 183

[page 184]
Fixed blackout periods
Members of the Board of Directors and the Corporate Executive 
Committee and all members of senior and middle management as well 
as employees involved in preparing of the financial reporting are 
required to observe the prohibition on trading during the fixed blackout 
periods.
The fixed blackout periods in connection with the preparation of the 
regular financial reporting generally last:
– for the annual results: from 1 January to the first trading day following 
publication;
– for the half-year results: from 1 July to the first trading day following 
publication;
– for the sales update: from 1 May respectively 1 October to the first 
trading day following publication.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 184

[page 185]
Members of the Board of Directors
Dr Markus R. Neuhaus
Chair of the Board of Directors
Board member since 2019, born in 
1958, Swiss citizen
 
Independent member
Corporate Governance:
 Dr Markus R. 
Neuhaus held various roles at PwC 
from 1985 on, including CEO of 
PwC Switzerland from 2003 to 
2012, member of PwC’s Global 
Board from 2005 to 2007, member 
of the PwC Network Executive 
Team from 2010 to 2013, member 
of PwC’s Office of the Global 
Chair from 2013 to 2016, and Chair 
of PwC Switzerland from 2012 to 
2019.
Career highlights:
 Master of law and 
doctorate in law from the 
University of Zurich. Certified tax 
expert. Various management 
courses at international business 
schools (Harvard, Insead, IMD).
Qualification:
 Dr Markus R. 
Neuhaus is Vice-Chair of the 
Board of Directors of Barry 
Callebaut AG, member of the 
Board of Directors of Helvetia 
Baloise Holding AG and Chair of 
the Board of Directors of Jacobs 
Holding AG. He also serves as 
Vice-Chair of the Board of 
Trustees of Avenir Suisse.
Other main activities:
Pascale Bruderer
Vice-Chair of the Board of 
Directors
Board member since 2020, born in 
1977, Swiss citizen
 
Independent member
Corporate Governance:
Pascale 
Bruderer was a member of the 
National Council from 2002 to 2011 
(President of the National Council 
2009/2010) and a Member of the 
Council of States from 2011 to 
2019. She was formerly a member 
of the Social Security and Health 
Committee. She served as 
President of the umbrella 
organisation for disabled people, 
Inclusion Handicap, and was the 
managing director of Krebsliga 
Aargau.
Career highlights: 
 Master’s degree in 
political science from the 
University of Zurich and education 
at Harvard University (USA) and at 
the Executive School of the 
University of St. Gallen.
Qualification:
 Pascale 
Bruderer is a member of the Board 
of Directors of TX Group AG and 
Orell Füssli AG. Since 2019, she has 
been a member of the Board of 
Crossiety AG and since 2022, 
Chair of the Board of Directors of 
Swiss Stablecoin AG. Elected by 
the Federal Council, she has 
served as Vice-President of the 
ETH Board since 2024.
Other main activities:
Nadine Balkanyi-Nordmann
Board member since 2025, born in 
1972, Swiss citizen
 
Independent member
Corporate Governance:
 She is the 
founder and CEO of Lexperience 
AG. She has worked for prominent 
law firms and major financial 
institutions and has been 
educated at several international 
institutions. Following her time 
practicing law at Walder Wyss AG 
in Zurich, the Swiss attorney has 
held management positions for 
various banks such as UBS, GE 
Capital Bank and BNP Paribas in 
Switzerland, America and Asia.
Career highlights:
 She studied law at 
the University of Zurich and was 
admitted to the Zurich bar. She 
also holds an LL.M. (Master of 
Laws) from Hong Kong University. 
She has extensive knowledge on 
corporate governance and 
conducting administrative 
investigations in the public sector.
Qualification:
 She has 
been a trustee at the Züsy + 
Daniel Guggenheim Stiftung since 
2000 and Chair of the Board of 
Directors of Tele-Check Inter AG 
since 2017. Since 2021, she has 
also served as President of the 
Georg Wittlinger-Stiftung and has 
been a member of the Board of 
Directors of Zoo Zurich AG.
Other main activities:
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 185

[page 186]
Bertrand Jungo
Board member since 2018, born in 
1965, Swiss citizen
: 
Independent member
Corporate Governance
: From 2006 to 
2017, he held the position of CEO 
of the Swiss department store 
group Manor. From 2017 until 2020, 
he was CEO of Admeira AG, and 
from 2020 until 2021, he served as 
a member of the Board of 
Directors at Admeira AG. He was 
also a member of the Advisory 
Board of the International Retail 
Summit (IRS) of the Gottlieb 
Duttweiler Institute (GDI) (2010–
2021).
Career highlights
 Degree as business 
administrator lic.rer.pol from the 
University of Fribourg.
Qualification:
 Since 2021, 
he is the delegate of the Board of 
Directors of the AG Grand Hotels 
Engadinerkulm Holding St. Moritz. 
Furthermore, he is a member of 
the Board of Neoperl AG/Diaqua 
AG as well as at Zoologischer 
Garten Basel AG.
Other main activities:
Judith Meier
Board member since 2022, born in 
1962, Swiss citizen
 
Independent member
Corporate Governance:
 From 2009 to 
2016, Judith Meier headed Zurzach 
Care AG (formerly the Reha Clinic 
Group) as CEO, was a delegate 
from 2017 and Vice-Chair of the 
Board of Directors of Zurzach 
Care AG from 2019 to 2023. She 
was a co-founder of reha at home 
AG. From 1989 to 2001, she was a 
member of the Great Council of 
the Canton of Aargau.
Career highlights:
 Executive Master 
of Health Service Administration 
(Eastern Switzerland University of 
Applied Sciences), qualified 
physiotherapist, CAS in AI-
Management and Future Tech 
(HWZ).
Qualifications:
 Since 2017, 
she has been a member of the 
Board of Directors of the Cantonal 
Hospital of Graubünden. She is a 
board member of reha andeer ag. 
She has been a member of 
“SCIANA The Health Leaders 
Network“ since 2019 and a 
member of the Board of Trustees 
of the Emil-Burkhardt-foundation 
since 2021 and its Vice President 
as of 2024.
Other main activities:
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 186

[page 187]
Prof Dr med. Solange Peters
Board member since 2023, born in 
1972, Swiss citizen
 
Independent member
Corporate Governance:
 Solange Peters 
is a Professor at the University of 
Lausanne and Head of the 
Department of Medical Oncology 
at CHUV, the largest in 
Switzerland. Since 2025, she has 
also been Director of the 
Oncology Department. She began 
working at CHUV in 2002, after a 
PhD in Microbiology. Since 2004 
she has worked in Oncology. She 
is one of the world’s leading 
experts in the field of lung cancer 
and immunotherapy.
Career highlights:
 Dr Medicine and 
Biology, full Professor at the 
University of Lausanne.
Qualifications:
 Solange 
Peters has been a member of 
ESMO (European Society for 
Medical Oncology) for over 10 
years, serving as its President for a 
three-year term. Since 2021, she is 
President of the International 
Cancer Foundation (ICF). She is a 
member of the board of the Swiss 
Cancer League since 2017 and is 
its Vice-President since 2023. She 
also is President of the Swiss 
Academy of Multidisciplinary 
Oncology (SAMO) and President of 
the umbrella Swiss cancer 
organization Oncosuisse since 
2025.
Other main activities:
Jörg Zulauf
Board member since 2023, born in 
1958, Swiss citizen
 
Independent member
Corporate Governance:
 Jörg Zulauf 
spent 11 years in management 
positions at the Roche 
Pharmaceutical Company in 
Switzerland, Korea and Germany, 
most recently as Head of the 
Vitamin Services World division 
(Finance & IT), which has 
operations worldwide. In 2000, 
Jörg Zulauf joined Migros-
Genossenschafts-Bund Zürich, 
where he headed the Finance 
Department as Vice-Chair of the 
Corporate Executive Committee 
until 2022 and was a member of 
the Retail, Finance and Audit 
committees. Jörg Zulauf has also 
served as a member of the Board 
of Directors of Hotelplan, 
Migrosbank and Globus, as well as 
Chair of the Migros Pension Fund.
Career highlights:
 Master of Law and 
Attorney-at-Law, MBA (UCLA).
Qualification:
 Jörg Zulauf 
is a member of the Board of 
Directors of Maerki Baumann & Co 
Ltd. and since 2023, he has been 
Chair of the Board of Directors at 
SV Group AG. Furthermore, he is a 
member of the Board of Directors 
at Innflow AG, Rotkreuz.
Other main activities:
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 187

[page 188]
Members of the Executive Committee
Marc Werner
CEO
Member of the Executive 
Committee of the Galenica Group 
since 2020, born in 1967, Swiss 
citizen
 His journey 
started as Head of Sales at 
Sinomec AG (1990–1995) before he 
moved on to serve as Head of 
Product Management 
Photofinishing at the Federation of 
Migros (1995–1996). He became 
Head of Marketing and Sales and 
Member of the Executive Board at 
Minolta AG (1997–2000) and then 
Head of Marketing & Sales at 
Bluewin AG (2000–2004). In 2005, 
he joined Swisscom as Head of 
Marketing & Sales. He moved into 
the roles of Head of Private 
Customers (2013–2015) and 
Member of the Group Executive 
Board before serving as head of 
Sales & Services (2016–2019).
Career highlights:
 Federal certified 
marketing director and graduate 
of various Executive Education 
programmes at the IMD in 
Lausanne, University of St. Gallen, 
London Business School, and 
Harvard Business School.
Qualification:
 Mandates 
by order of Galenica: Member of 
the Board of MediService AG, Well 
Gesundheit AG, Coop Vitality AG 
and AD Swiss Net AG.
Other main activities:
Dr Thomas Szuran
Chief Products & Home Care
Deputy CEO
Member of the Executive 
Committee of the Galenica Group 
since 2019 and Deputy CEO of the 
Galenica Group since 2025, born 
in 1967, Swiss citizen
After having 
graduated from ETH Zurich, 
Thomas Szuran acted in various 
roles at Abbott Laboratories 
between 1997 and 2002, including 
being Sales & Marketing Manager 
for the Eastern European & 
Mediterranean region. He later 
became Sales Director at Pfizer 
Switzerland (Zurich) (2002–2005) 
and Country Manager at Pfizer in 
Israel (2005–2007). He joined 
Biomed AG in Dübendorf in 2008 
as Marketing Director and was 
CEO of Biomed AG from 2011 to 
2018. From 2013 to 2021, he has 
served as President of the 
Association of the Swiss Self-
Medication Industry (ASSGP). In 
2019, Thomas Szuran became 
Head Products & Brands Business 
sector at the Galenica Group.
Career highlights: 
Dr sc.nat. Federal 
Institute of Technology (ETH) 
Zurich
Qualification: 
 Mandates 
by order of Galenica: Member of 
the Board of MediService AG and 
Emeda AG. In addition, member of 
the Board of Trustees of the 
Galenica Pension Fund.
Other main activities:
Lukas Ackermann
Chief IT & Digital Business
Member of the Executive 
Committee of the Galenica Group 
since 2022, born in 1972, Swiss 
citizen
 Lukas 
Ackermann started off his career 
as Product Manager at Helsana 
Insurance Company AG and then 
became Deputy Head of Product 
Management (1999–2002). In 
2002, he was appointed CEO of 
Medicall Ltd. Afterwards, he 
became Head of Health Care 
Market at Synesix Ltd (2008–
2010). The two following years, 
Lukas Ackermann was Head of I-
Lab at the University of St.Gallen, 
and from 2013 to 2020 he was 
General Manager / CEO of amétiq 
Ltd. Before Lukas Ackermann 
became Head of IT & Digital 
Services at Galenica Ltd at the 
Galenica Group in 2021, he was 
Managing Director of HCI 
Solutions Ltd.
Career highlights:
 Diploma in Natural 
Sciences from Federal Institute of 
Technology (ETH) Zurich and MAS 
MTEC from the Federal Institute of 
Technology (ETH) Zurich.
Qualification:
-Other main activities: 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 188

[page 189]
Julian Fiessinger
CFO
Member of the Executive 
Committee of the Galenica Group 
since 2025, born in 1982, Swiss and 
German citizen
 Julian 
Fiessinger started his career at EY 
Switzerland in 2006 and worked 
as a Senior Manager in Audit and 
Financial Accounting Advisory 
Services until 2018. From 2018 to 
2020, he was Head of Financial 
Reporting & Tax at Vifor Pharma 
Ltd. In 2021, he joined the 
Galenica Group as Head of 
Investor Relations & Corporate 
Finance.
Career highlights:
German and French 
double degree of the European 
School of Business (Reutlingen/
Reims), Swiss Certified Public 
Accountant, Advanced 
Management Program (IMD 
Lausanne).
Qualification: 
 Mandates 
by order of Galenica: Member of 
the Board of MediService AG. In 
addition, member of the Board of 
Trustees of the Galenica Pension 
Fund.
Other main activities:
Arianne Hasler
Chief People & Culture
Member of the Executive 
Committee of the Galenica Group 
since 2023, born in 1979, Swiss 
citizen
 After 
completing her studies in 2006, 
Arianne Hasler began her 
professional career as an HR 
specialist at UBS Ltd. She worked 
as a senior sales and segment 
manager for Swiss private 
customers at UBS Ltd. and Zürcher 
Kantonalbank and was 
responsible for various strategic 
sales projects (2007–2014). From 
2014 to 2023, she worked at 
Raiffeisen Switzerland and was 
responsible for organisational and 
personal development and 
transformation. In 2023, she joined 
the Galenica Group as Chief 
People & Culture.
Career highlights:
 EMBA HSG in 
Business Engineering, University of 
St. Gallen, MAS Coaching and 
Organisational Consulting, ZHAW 
– School of Applied Psychology, 
Zurich, M.A. HSG exchange 
programme Master Affaires 
Internationales, Sciences Po, Paris, 
M.A. HSG in International Affairs 
and Governance, University of St. 
Gallen).
Qualification:
Mandates 
by order of Galenica: Member of 
the Board of Trustees of the 
Galenica Pension Fund.
Other main activities: 
Andreas Koch
Chief Wholesale & Logistics
Member of the Executive 
Committee of the Galenica Group 
since 2020, born in 1971, German 
and Swiss citizen
 Between 2000 
and 2009, Andreas Koch worked in 
different consulting and 
management functions in the field 
of supply chain management at 
various consulting firms. In 2009, 
he became Head of Supply Chain 
Management at Galexis AG – 
from 2011 also at Alloga AG – and 
was a member of both Executive 
Committees. In 2015, he rose to 
the position of Head of Alloga AG, 
after which he became Head of 
Galexis AG in 2019. In 2020, 
Andreas Koch took over the 
responsibility for the Business 
Sector Wholesale & Logistics -
 subsequently Wholesale & 
Logistics at Galenica.
Career highlights:
 Apprenticeship as a 
forwarding manager, degree in 
business administration at the 
University of Mannheim and 
Programme for Executive 
Development (PED) at IMD 
Lausanne.
Qualification:
 Mandates 
by order of Galenica: Member of 
the Board of Directors of Health 
Supply AG, Pharmalog, Helvecura 
and GS1 Switzerland.
Other main activities:
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 189

[page 190]
Daniele Madonna
Chief Pharmacies Category 
Management & Health Services
Member of the Executive 
Committee of the Galenica Group 
since 2017, born in 1977, Swiss 
citizen
 After his 
studies, he worked as a 
pharmacist at the Olympia 
Pharmacy and the Victoria 
Pharmacy in Zurich (2003–2004). 
He joined the former Galenica 
Group in 2004 as Manager of the 
Coop Vitality pharmacy in Tenero. 
He later acted as Regional Sales 
Manager at Coop Vitality (2010–
2014). He was CEO of Coop 
Vitality AG (2014–2018) before 
becoming Head Retail Business 
sector in 2017. Afterwards, he 
became Chief Healthcare Officer 
at Galenica in 2021. Since  2024, 
he has served as Chief 
Pharmacies Category 
Management & Health Services.
Career highlights:
 Federal Diploma in 
Pharmacy from the Federal 
Institute of Technology, Zurich 
(ETH), FPH in Retail Pharmacy, CAS 
in General Management at the 
University of St. Gallen (HSG), 
Programme for Executive 
Development (PED) at IMD in 
Lausanne and leadership program 
“Leading and Building a Culture of 
Innovation” at Harvard Business 
School in Boston (USA).
Qualification:
 Member of 
the Board of pharmaSuisse. 
Mandates by order of Galenica: 
Member of the Board of Coop 
Vitality AG and Farmadomo Home 
Care Provider SA.
Other main activities:
Stephan Mignot
Chief Pharmacies Marketing
Member of the Executive 
Committee of the Galenica Group 
since 2024, born in 1976, Swiss 
citizen
He started his 
career at Swisscom Mobile in 
market analysis and marketing 
strategy and was later 
responsible for the M-Budget 
Mobile partnership with Swiss 
retailer Migros. From 2008 he was 
responsible for segment 
marketing at Swisscom and from 
2013 for Customer Base 
Management in the Residential 
Customers segment. From 2020 to 
2023, Stephan Mignot headed up 
Swisscom Residential Customer & 
Channel Management. He joined 
the Galenica Group in 2023 as 
Head of B2C Customer Marketing. 
Since 2024, he has served as Chief 
Pharmacies Marketing at 
Galenica.
Career highlights: 
Studied business 
administration at the University of 
Bern, Master of Science (MSc) from 
the University of Bern, Certificate 
of Advanced Studies (CAS) in Agile 
Leadership from HWZ Zurich 
University of Applied Sciences in 
Business Administration.
Qualification: 
 Mandates 
by order of Galenica: Member of 
the Board of Puravita AG.
Other main activities:
Virginie Pache Jeschka
Chief Pharmacies Sales
Member of the Executive 
Committee of the Galenica Group 
since 2021, born in 1979, Swiss 
citizen
After 
completing her studies, Virginie 
Pache started working as a Junior 
Marketing Manager at Danone 
Schweiz AG (mineral water) in 
Fribourg (2003–2006). Afterwards, 
she became Category Manager 
and Head of Sales at L’Oréal – 
Apothekenkosmetik Schweiz AG 
(2006–2010). She then was 
appointed Head of Caudalie 
Suisse (and Poland ad interim) and 
afterwards Caudalie D-A-CH 
GmbH in Switzerland, then in 
Düsseldorf, Germany (2010–2018), 
before she became Head of Coop 
Vitality in 2018. Since 2021, she has 
served as Chief Pharmacies Sales 
at Galenica.
Career highlights: 
Masters in Political 
Sciences – University of Lausanne 
and three semesters in Mainz 
(Germany).
Qualification: 
 Mandates 
by order of Galenica: Member of 
the Board of Coop Vitality AG.
Other main activities:
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 190

[page 191]
Further information about the CVs of the Executive Committee and the Extended Executive Committee can be 
found on the .Galenica website
Members of the Corporate Executive Committee as at 31 December 2025
Name Member since Role
Marc Werner 2020 CEO
Thomas Szuran 2019 Chief Products & Home Care; Deputy CEO
Lukas Ackermann 2022 Chief IT & Digital Business
Julian Fiessinger 2025 CFO
Arianne Hasler 2023 Chief People & Culture
Andreas Koch 2020 Chief Wholesale & Logistics
Daniele Madonna 2017 Chief Pharmacies Category Management & Health Services
Stephan Mignot 2024 Chief Pharmacies Marketing
Virginie Pache Jeschka 2021 Chief Pharmacies Sales
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Corporate Governance 191

[page 192]
Remuneration  
Report

[page 193]
Governance – Remuneration report
Remuneration report
Governance In this report, Galenica provides an overview of its 
remuneration model and remuneration principles. The 
following pages describe the remuneration system 
applicable to the Board of Directors and the Corporate 
Executive Committee and outline the process and 
responsibilities under which the remuneration of those two 
bodies is determined. The remuneration system as well as 
its reporting is in accordance with the Swiss Code of 
Obligations, the Directive of the SIX Swiss Exchange on 
Information Relating to Corporate Governance (Directive 
Corporate Governance) and the recommendations of the 
Swiss Code of Best Practice for Corporate Governance 
issued by economiesuisse.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 193

[page 194]
Letter from the Chair of the Remuneration 
Committee
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors and the Remuneration Committee of 
Galenica, I am pleased to present the Remuneration report for 2025.
The remuneration policy of Galenica aims to attract, motivate and 
retain best-in-class employees who are entrepreneurially minded, 
success-oriented and have high personal standards. The remuneration 
system is designed to support the achievement of the strategic goals 
defined by the Board of Directors and to provide appropriate 
remuneration in a competitive employment market and in a complex 
sector. It is aligned with the long-term Group strategy and its pay-for-
performance philosophy. The remuneration system of Galenica aims to 
strengthen the overall market position of the company while delivering 
the expected returns to its shareholders.
The Galenica Group performed well in 2025. As a result, Galenica 
realised a payout factor of 150.5% for the short-term bonus (STI) while 
the vesting multiple of the long-term incentive (LTI) plan 2023–2025 due 
in 2026 corresponds to 103.7%. Further details on the performance 
achieved and the payouts under the incentive plans are provided in this 
report.
The Remuneration Committee reviews the remuneration systems of the 
Corporate Executive Committee and the Board of Directors on an 
annual basis, ensuring that they remain appropriate in the evolving 
business context. In the reporting year, the Remuneration Committee 
concluded that the remuneration system of the Corporate Executive 
Committee, last amended in 2023, is well-aligned with the company 
strategy and the long-term shareholder interests, systematically 
reflecting both short-term and long-term success. While the STI rewards 
for annual financial performance and contributions in the area of ESG, 
the LTI focuses on long-term value creation and shareholder returns. 
Consequently, the remuneration system will continue to apply for 2026. 
For the remuneration system of the Board of Directors, proven to be fit-
for-purpose and not subject to any amendments over the last years, the 
Remuneration Committee similarly concluded that it is still adequate 
and does not require any changes for 2026.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 194

[page 195]
The Remuneration report provides detailed information on our 
remuneration systems and the remuneration awarded to the Corporate 
Executive Committee and the Board of Directors for the reporting year. 
It will be submitted to the shareholders for a non-binding consultative 
vote at the Annual General Meeting on .21 April 2026
We would like to thank our employees for their commitment and hard 
work, and you, dear shareholders, for your trust and continuing support.
Bertrand Jungo
Chair of the Remuneration 
Committee
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 195

[page 196]
Governance: principles and 
responsibilities in setting compensation
The guiding principles for the remuneration of the Board of Directors and 
the Corporate Executive Committee as well as the responsibilities for the 
remuneration system of Galenica are defined in the Articles of 
Association of Galenica. They include the provisions on the 
Remuneration Committee (Article 21 of the ) and 
remuneration (Article 22 of the ).
Articles of Association
Articles of Association
Each year, the Board of Directors submits the maximum remuneration 
amounts of the Board of Directors and the Corporate Executive 
Committee to the Annual General Meeting for binding approval. Such 
approval is prospective for the next financial year following the Annual 
General Meeting. In addition, the Annual General Meeting holds a 
consultative vote on the Remuneration report for the year under review 
(Article 22 (1) of the ).Articles of Association
On the basis of the Articles of Association and the decisions of the 
Annual General Meeting, the remuneration strategy and the related 
remuneration system for the members of the Board of Directors and the 
Corporate Executive Committee are determined by the Board of 
Directors based on a proposal from the Remuneration Committee. The 
Board of Directors also decides on an annual basis on the individual 
remuneration of the Chair of the Board of Directors and the CEO. The 
remuneration of members of the Board of Directors is determined by the 
Board of Directors based on a proposal from the Remuneration 
Committee within the limits set by the Annual General Meeting.
Remuneration Committee
The members of the Remuneration Committee are independent from 
Galenica and are elected annually by the Annual General Meeting. At 
the Annual General Meeting in 2025, Bertrand Jungo (Committee Chair), 
Pascale Bruderer and Solange Peters were re-elected as members of 
the Remuneration Committee. As of 31 December 2025, the 
Remuneration Committee comprised three members of the Board of 
Directors.
The Remuneration Committee deals with the remuneration strategy, 
performance criteria and targets across Galenica, predominantly at the 
highest level of the organisation (see the , the 
 and the 
). The Remuneration Committee recommends to the Board of 
Directors the remuneration policy and the fees paid to the Members of 
the Board of Directors, including the remuneration of the Chair and the 
CEO. It shall further approve the individual remuneration of the members 
of the Corporate Executive Committee (excluding the CEO) and submit 
the remuneration of the CEO to the Board of Directors for approval.
Articles of Association
Organisational Regulations Charter of the Remuneration 
Committee
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 196

[page 197]
Responsibility for the remuneration process
Level of authority CEO  
Remuneration 
Committee   Board of Directors  
Annual General 
Meeting
Remuneration policy     proposes   approves   consultative vote on 
the Remuneration 
report
Performance objectives for short-
term bonus and long-term 
incentive     proposes   approves    
Remuneration of members of the 
Board of Directors     proposes   approves  
approves maximum 
possible remuneration 
for the Board of 
Directors for the 
following year
Remuneration of the CEO    
proposes (in 
consultation with CBD)   approves  
approves maximum 
possible remuneration 
for the Corporate 
Executive Committee 
including the CEO for 
the following year
Remuneration of members of the 
Corporate Executive Committee
proposes (in 
consultation with the 
CBD)   approves   is informed  
CBD = Chair of the Board of Directors
Activities of the Remuneration Committee 
during the year
Subject   1
st
quarter      2
nd 
/ 3
rd
quarter     4
th
quarter
Remuneration policy     Review of shareholders’ 
feedback
Annual review
  Annual review
Remuneration of Board of Directors    
Review of remuneration 
regulations  
Determination of remuneration 
(following year)
Remuneration of Corporate Executive 
Committee
Performance evaluation 
(previous year)
STI payout (previous year)
LTI vesting (previous period)
Performance objectives for 
STI and LTI (current year/
period)  
Annual review of remuneration 
levels  
Target remuneration (basic 
salary, following year)
Target STI (following year)
LTI allocation (following year)
Remuneration governance
Remuneration report
AGM preparation      
Preparation of Remuneration 
report
Annual meeting schedule and 
topics (following year)
Remuneration Committee self-
assessment
Galenica Group salary review 
(following year)
In the reporting year, the Remuneration Committee held three ordinary 
meetings according to the annual schedule, and no ad hoc meeting. 
The attendance rate was 100%.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 197

[page 198]
At each meeting of the Board of Directors, the Chair of the 
Remuneration Committee reports on the Remuneration Committee’s 
current topics of discussion and decisions. The minutes of the meetings 
are made available to the members of the Board of Directors.
The Chair of the Board of Directors is invited to all meetings of the 
Remuneration Committee (right of attendance, no voting rights), except 
those dealing with his own remuneration. The CEO is invited to attend 
discussions on a case-by-case basis, but not to discussions that 
concern his own performance or remuneration.
In the reporting year, the Remuneration Committee performed its regular 
duties, in particular setting performance targets and evaluating their 
achievement, determining the remuneration of the members of the 
Board of Directors and the Corporate Executive Committee and 
preparing the Remuneration report and the Annual General Meeting. In 
addition, the Remuneration Committee conducted a self-assessment of 
its functioning. It rated its discussions and decision-making as efficient 
and appropriate, and the support of the Board of Directors in matters of 
remuneration as effective.
Further details on the Remuneration Committee can be found in the 
 (Chapter Remuneration Committee).Corporate Governance section
Benchmarking and external advisors
In order to ensure its continued attractiveness as an employer, Galenica 
regularly compares its remuneration system and levels with those of 
relevant peers. In terms of remuneration levels, Galenica considers a 
positioning at market median as being competitive.
The Remuneration Committee annually reviews the remuneration 
systems and levels of the Corporate Executive Committee and the 
Board of Directors, and it conducts an external benchmarking analysis 
on a periodic basis as deemed appropriate or necessary.
Regarding the remuneration of the Corporate Executive Committee, 
Klingler Consultants provided benchmarking data based on two 
different peer groups: a peer group of 21 Swiss listed companies of 
comparable size and a peer group of 25 private companies in the 
healthcare, retail and logistic sectors. The companies included in the 
peer groups are disclosed below. Overall, the benchmark study showed 
that the remuneration of the Corporate Executive Committee is below 
market levels when comparing with the Swiss listed peers and above 
market levels when comparing with the sector-based peers. This result 
can be explained by the fact that the sector-based peers do not offer a 
long-term incentive component, while Swiss listed peers typically do. 
Further, most Swiss listed peers have an international organisation. This 
is not the case at Galenica and could be a factor driving lower 
remuneration levels compared to other Swiss listed companies.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 198

[page 199]
Peer groups to benchmark the remuneration 
levels of the Corporate Executive Committee
Swiss listed 
peers     Sector-based peers
Also Aryzta Bachem Retail and logistics: Medical insurances:
Belimo Bell BKW Brack Coop Assura Concordia CSS
Bucher Dätwyler dormakaba Digitec Galliker Group Mutuel Helsana KPT
Emmi Forbo Georg Fischer Kühne+Nagel Manor Sanitas Swica Sympany
Idorsia Interroll Oerlikon Migros Planzer Visana    
SFS Siegfried Sulzer State-owned companies: Healthcare:
Tecan Valora Zur Rose SBB Post CHUV Hirslanden Inselspital
          Swiss Medical Network USZ
Those companies were selected by the Remuneration Committee as the most relevant for 
Galenica.
Regarding the remuneration structure and levels of the Board of 
Directors, they were benchmarked in 2022. The market comparison was 
carried out by PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC). The same 21 Swiss listed 
companies mentioned above were used as peer group. While the overall 
structure and levels of remuneration were considered in line with market 
practice, the Remuneration Committee proposed to express the 
remuneration of the Board of Directors in gross terms, rather than in net 
terms, as of the Remuneration report 2022. This was not a change of the 
remuneration system or levels but an improvement in terms of disclosure 
and transparency.
The Remuneration Committee may decide to consult external advisors 
on specific remuneration matters. In the reporting year, PwC provided 
services related to executive compensation. PwC provides other 
services to Galenica and there are clear rules in place to ensure the 
independence of PwC consultants. No other external advisors were 
consulted on remuneration matters in the reporting year.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 199

[page 200]
Remuneration system of the Board 
of Directors
The remuneration of the Board of Directors comprises fixed 
remuneration only (i.e., no performance-based remuneration). The 
remuneration depends on the function assumed on the Board of 
Directors and its committees, either as a member or chair. It is paid 50% 
in cash and 50% in restricted shares or, if the respective member of the 
Board of Directors decides on a voluntary basis, 100% in restricted 
shares. The shares are blocked for a period of five years.
For the reporting year, remuneration settled in the form of shares was 
paid at the average price for the month of December 2025, i.e., 
 per share, net of a 25% discount to reflect the blocking period 
of five years. The payment was made in January 2026.
CHF 94.03
Per Galenica's share ownership guidelines, members of the Board of 
Directors are required to hold shares of Galenica equal in value to one 
time the annual remuneration within two years of their appointment to 
the Board of Directors.
Based on Galenica's regulations, the members of the Board of Directors 
have the option of joining the Galenica Pension Fund. All contributions 
(employer and employee contributions for savings and risk) are borne by 
the respective member of the Board of Directors. In the remuneration 
tables for the Board of Directors in the section “
”, it is outlined which board members participated in 
the pension fund in the respective year, financing the entire cost 
themselves.
Remuneration awarded 
for 2025 and 2024
The remuneration system of the Board of Directors remained unchanged 
in the reporting year compared to the previous year.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 200

[page 201]
Remuneration amounts of the Board of Directors (in thousand CHF, per year)
   Net amount
1)
Gross amount 
equivalent 
(rounded up)
Chair of the Board of Directors 350 373
Vice-Chair of the Board of Directors 130 139
Member of the Board of Directors 110 118
Committee chair 30 33
Committee member 10 11
1) Net of social security contributions (approximately 7%)
The remuneration (cash and shares) is paid in January for the previous 
business year. The remuneration amounts outlined in the above table do 
not reflect the 25% discount on the share price granted on the restricted 
shares. Considering the value of the 25% discount, and assuming that 
50% of the remuneration is paid in cash and 50% in restricted shares, the 
remuneration amounts (rounded up) correspond to gross CHF 431 
thousand for the Chair of the Board of Directors, CHF 161 thousand for 
the Vice-Chair of the Board of Directors, CHF 136 thousand for the 
members of the Board of Directors, CHF 37 thousand for the committee 
chairs and CHF 13 thousand for the committee members.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 201

[page 202]
Remuneration system of the Corporate 
Executive Committee
Remuneration report In order to attract talented employees, reward 
performance, promote the loyalty of key talents and ensure 
their long-term commitment to Galenica, Galenica offers 
competitive remuneration. The remuneration model 
applicable to the Corporate Executive Committee is based 
on three components: a fixed remuneration (including a 
base salary and benefits), a short-term bonus and a long-
term incentive.
Remuneration components
The remuneration of the Corporate Executive Committee consists of a 
fixed remuneration, benefits and a variable remuneration. The variable 
remuneration allows members of the Corporate Executive Committee to 
participate in the success of Galenica. The variable remuneration 
includes a short-term bonus (STI) and a long-term incentive (LTI).
The STI compensates for annual performance, combining Group 
financial objectives and a collective ESG component. No changes were 
made to the STI in the reporting year or are currently planned going 
forward.
The LTI on the other hand rewards for the long-term performance, 
including a Group financial objective and shareholder returns, 
harmonising the interests of shareholders with those of the executives. 
No changes to the LTI were made in the reporting year or are currently 
planned going forward.
Consequently, the remuneration system rewards short-term success as 
well as long-term performance and sustainable value creation for 
customers and shareholders in a balanced manner. In order to further 
align the interests of members of the Corporate Executive Committee 
with those of shareholders, a portion of the STI (32%) and the entire LTI 
(100%) are awarded in shares of Galenica.
In accordance with Galenica's share ownership guidelines, members of 
the Corporate Executive Committee are required to hold shares of 
Galenica equal in value to at least 75% of their fixed annual base salary 
and target STI within a period of five years of their appointment to the 
Corporate Executive Committee.
For the CEO as well as the other Corporate Executive Committee 
members, the maximum STI and the maximum LTI are each limited to 
200% of the respective target value, as defined in the 
 (Article 22 (7a) and Article 22 7(b), respectively).
Articles of 
Association
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 202

[page 203]
In addition to the remuneration components mentioned above, the 
members of the Corporate Executive Committee are eligible to 
participate in the share acquisition plan where employees are invited 
every year to acquire a certain number of blocked shares of Galenica at 
a discounted price (more information in the 
 (note 28, Share-based payments).
Notes to the consolidated 
financial statements 2025
Overview of the remuneration components for 
the Corporate Executive Committee
Remuneration component Vehicle   Purpose   Performance measures
Annual base salary Monthly cash salary   Attract and retain employees    
Pension & benefits
Pension and insurances
Fringe benefits  
Protect against risks
Attract and retain employees    
Short-term bonus
(STI)
Annual bonus in cash & shares 
blocked for 5 years  
Compensate for annual 
performance    
Combination of financial 
objectives for the Group and a 
collective ESG component:
GEP (50%)
Annual net sales growth (25%)
ESG component (25%)
1)
Long-term incentive
(LTI)
PSU with a 3-year 
performance vesting  
Compensate for long-term 
performance
Align with shareholders’ 
interests  
GEP and appreciation of share 
value:
Average GEP (50%)
Relative total shareholder return 
(TSR) (50%)
1) The following two collective, equally weighted KPIs were applied to the STI: Net Promoter Score (NPS) and employee motivation rate
For the STI and LTI, clawback and malus provisions apply in case of a financial restatement due to material non-compliance with any accounting 
reporting standards, or in case a participant acts in violation of the law or internal regulations of Galenica.
Clawback and malus provisions
Minimum shareholding requirements of 75% of the fixed annual base salary and target STI.
Share ownership guidelines
Annual base salary (fixed)
The annual base salary is the fixed remuneration reflecting the scope 
and key areas of responsibility of the function, the skills required to fulfil 
the function and the individual experience and competencies of the 
respective Corporate Executive Committee member. The base salary is 
determined according to typical market practice (external benchmark) 
and the Group internal salary structure. A base salary at median of the 
benchmark is considered competitive and, therefore, suitable to reward 
the expected level of skills and competencies. The base salary is 
typically reviewed annually based on market salary trends, the 
company’s ability to pay salaries at a particular level based on its 
financial performance and the evolving experience of the individual in 
the function. The annual base salary is paid out in cash in 13 monthly 
instalments.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 203

[page 204]
Incentives
Galenica economic profit as a performance indicator
The STI and the LTI significantly depend on the achievement of the GEP 
(Galenica Economic Profit), which is designed to reflect the principles of 
value-based management derived from an economic value added 
(EVA) approach. It is based on the understanding that in the interests of 
shareholders and other important stakeholders, Galenica will strive to 
achieve a long-term investment return which exceeds the weighted 
average cost of capital. GEP is the key indicator in Galenica’s value-
based management concept. It comprises different values, such as net 
operating profit after tax (NOPAT), cost of capital (WACC) and invested 
capital. The Board of Directors considers the economic value added 
(EVA) approach to be a sound, recognised and meaningful concept that 
is in line with sustainable value creation. The GEP is calculated as NOPAT 
less the weighted average cost of capital over the average invested 
capital. The extent to which the GEP increase is achieved has a 50% 
impact on the STI and a 50% impact on the number of shares allocated 
under the LTI. Therefore, poor performance inevitably has a negative 
impact on the total remuneration (lower bonus, fewer shares, with each 
of them potentially having a lower value). Further information on the GEP 
can be found in the Value based management section, 
under   in the Annual Report 2025.Alternative performance measures
Short-term incentive (STI)
The STI aims to reward the achievement of financial and ESG objectives 
of Galenica over the relevant financial year. The target STI, i.e., the 
amount paid out if all performance objectives are reached at 100%, is 
defined individually and annually, before the beginning of the 
performance year. The target STI is expressed as a percentage of the 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 204

[page 205]
annual base salary and varies depending on the function in the 
organisation and on the impact of the function on the overall business 
result. The target STI for the CEO amounts to 50% of annual base salary 
and 40% of annual base salary for the other members of the Corporate 
Executive Committee.
In the reporting year, the financial objectives were weighted at 75% and 
included the GEP (two-thirds) and annual net sales growth (one-third). 
The ESG component made up the remaining 25%, consisting of two 
equally weighted specific objectives, namely the Net Promoter Score 
(NPS) and employee motivation rate.
STI performance objectives
For each performance objective, a threshold, a target, a cap and a 
payout curve are defined annually by the Board of Directors upon 
recommendation of the Remuneration Committee, against which the 
results are assessed. An achievement below the threshold leads to zero 
payout, an achievement at the threshold to a 50% payout factor, and a 
target achievement to a 100% payout factor. Achieving the cap 
corresponds to a 220% payout factor for the financial objectives and to 
a 150% payout factor for the ESG objectives. The overall STI payout is 
capped at 200% of target. The financial and ESG performance targets 
and achievements for the reporting year are disclosed in the course of 
the ex-post performance assessment in the section “Remuneration 
awarded for 2025 and 2024”.
The achievement of the GEP, the Group annual net sales growth and the 
ESG objectives is assessed by the Remuneration Committee and 
submitted to the Board of Directors for approval.
The payment of the STI is made in the subsequent year after the 
publication of the Annual Report. The CEO and other members of the 
Corporate Executive Committee are required to draw 32% of their STI in 
Galenica shares, while the rest is paid in cash. A discount of 25% on the 
average stock market price for the month of December in the relevant 
financial year applies to the shares. The shares remain blocked for five 
years.
If employment ends due to termination, the calculation and payment for 
a completed assessment period (= financial year) are based on the 
effective performance and results. In the event of departure during an 
assessment period that is still ongoing, 80% of the target STI is paid on a 
pro-rata basis.
Clawback and malus provisions allow the Board of Directors to reduce 
or cancel the payment of an STI and/or to claim back STI payments 
already made in case of a financial restatement due to material non-
compliance with any accounting reporting standards, or in case a 
participant acts in violation of the law or internal regulations of 
Galenica.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 205

[page 206]
Long-term incentive (LTI)
The objective of the LTI is to promote the strategy of Galenica, long-
term thinking, alignment to shareholders’ interests and the creation of 
sustainable value for customers and shareholders over the long term. In 
addition, the LTI aims to strengthen loyalty to Galenica and 
identification with the company.
The CEO, members of the Corporate Executive Committee and selected 
members of Senior Management participate in the LTI.
The LTI is based on performance share units (PSU), which are granted to 
participants after the release of the results for the preceding year and 
which convert into shares of Galenica subject to service conditions and 
the attainment of performance objectives over a three-year period 
defined by the Remuneration Committee. PSU are virtual, i.e., no real 
shares are issued.
The number of PSU allocated at the beginning of the plan period 
depends on a defined percentage of the annual base salary of the 
participant as well as the average share price during the final month 
prior to allocation, i.e., February. In the reporting year, the LTI grant for 
the CEO amounted to 50% of annual base salary and 25% of annual 
base salary for the other members of the Corporate Executive 
Committee.
The vesting of the PSU is conditional upon continuous employment and 
the fulfilment of performance conditions during the three-year plan 
period. The performance objectives are defined by the Remuneration 
Committee and for the LTI 2025-2027, they include the GEP and relative 
total shareholders return (relative TSR). Those two performance 
conditions are equally weighted.
The GEP target is measured by averaging the annual GEP results over 
the three-year performance period. Relative TSR is measured as a 
percentile ranking against a peer group of relevant companies. The 
objective is to outperform half of the peer companies (100% payout). The 
peer group is approved by the Board of Directors on a yearly basis and 
includes SMIM companies excluding financial services, real estate and 
companies that are active in a very cyclical businesses, as well as 
selected healthcare and pharma companies from the SMI. The peer 
group for the LTI 2025-2027 is outlined below.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 206

[page 207]
Relative TSR performance peer group for LTI 
2025–2027
Ams-Osram   Galderma Group   Roche   Tecan
Barry Callebaut   Georg Fischer   Sandoz Group   Temenos
Belimo   Givaudan   Schindler   VAT Group
BKW   Lindt & Sprüngli   SGS    
Clariant   Lonza   SIG Group    
EMS-Chemie   Novartis   Straumann    
The following changes were made to the peer group compared to the LTI 2024-2026: Galderma 
Group  (inclusion in SMIM in 2024) was added.
For each performance condition, a threshold level of performance is 
determined, below which there is no vesting, as well as a target level of 
performance, corresponding to a 100% vesting and a cap providing for 
a 200% vesting. Linear interpolation is applied between the threshold 
and the target, and between the target and the cap. The weighted 
average of the vesting multiple for each performance objective provides 
for the overall vesting multiple. The number of PSU initially allocated is 
multiplied by the vesting multiple at the end of the three-year plan 
period. More details on the LTI performance objectives are provided in 
the following table.
Overview of LTI structure for 2025–2027
Performance measure GEP   Relative TSR
Description GEP is measured for each financial year and then 
averaged across the 3 years of the performance period. It 
is measured against a pre-determined target average for 
the performance period to determine the vesting multiple
  TSR combines share price appreciation and dividends paid 
to reflect the annual total return to shareholders
The TSR of Galenica is ranked against the TSR of the peer 
group companies for each financial year of the performance 
period, the annual percentile rankings are averaged over the 
3-year performance period to determine the vesting multiple
Rationale
Absolute internal measure
Demonstrates Galenica’s average operating performance 
over a 3-year period  
Relative external measure
Demonstrates Galenica’s shareholders returns compared to 
relevant peer companies
Weighting 50% of the PSU grant   50% of the PSU grant
Target level
Pre-determined by the Remuneration Committee
100% vesting  
TSR ranking at the median of the peer group
100% vesting
Maximum vesting 
multiple 200% of target   200% of target
Vesting period 3 years   3 years
Vesting rules and 
curve
 
 
 
Threshold: GEP target minus CHF 20 million = 50% vesting
Target: average GEP target = 100% vesting
Maximum: GEP target plus CHF 20 million = 200% vesting
Vesting multiple is interpolated linearly between the 
threshold, target and maximum  
 
 
 
 
Threshold: 25th percentile ranking = 50% vesting
Target: median ranking = 100% vesting
Stretch: 75th percentile ranking = 150% vesting
Maximum: best in the peer group = 200% vesting
Vesting multiple is interpolated linearly between the 
threshold, target and maximum
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 207

[page 208]
The performance targets and achievements for the latest LTI vesting are 
disclosed in the course of the ex-post performance assessment in the 
section “Remuneration awarded for 2025 and 2024”.
As a rule, the three-year plan period must be completed for employees 
to be eligible for the conversion of PSU in shares. If the employment is 
terminated within a plan period, the PSU forfeit without any 
compensation except in the following cases:
– Retirement, disability or termination by the company not for cause, 
performance or behaviour: unvested PSU are subject to a pro-rata 
vesting at the regular vesting date
– Death: unvested PSU immediately vest pro-rata, based on a 
performance estimate by the Board of Directors or at target level 
(100% vesting)
– Termination following change of control: unvested PSU immediately 
vest in full, based on a performance estimate by the Board of 
Directors or at target level (100% vesting)
LTI plan period
Clawback and malus provisions apply in the LTI plan. They allow the 
Board of Directors to reduce or cancel the vesting of outstanding PSU 
and/or to claim back shares already vested in case of a financial 
restatement due to material non-compliance with any accounting 
reporting standards, or in case a participant acts in violation of the law 
or internal regulations of Galenica.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 208

[page 209]
Pensions and other employee benefits
Employee benefit plans consist mainly of retirement plans and insurance 
plans that are designed to protect employees against the risks of 
disability and death. The CEO and the members of the Corporate 
Executive Committee are covered by the pension scheme applicable to 
all employees. The pension solution of Galenica fulfils the legal 
requirements of the Swiss Federal Law on Occupational Pension 
Schemes (BVG) and is in line with what is being offered on the market.
Except for the expense allowance and the entitlement to a company 
car in line with the car policy of Galenica, the CEO and the members of 
the Corporate Executive Committee do not receive any particular 
additional benefits. The private use of the company car is disclosed at 
fair value in the remuneration table under other remuneration.
Share ownership guideline
Members of the Corporate Executive Committee are required to hold 
shares of Galenica equal in value to at least 75% of their fixed annual 
base salary and target STI within a period of five years of their 
appointment to the Corporate Executive Committee.
Employment contracts
The CEO and the members of the Corporate Executive Committee are 
employed under employment contracts of unlimited duration and are 
subject to a notice period of a maximum of 12 months. They are not 
entitled to any severance packages, termination payments or change-
of-control payments. The employee contracts do not include non-
competition clauses. With regard to clawback, the statutory claims for 
repayment apply (see among others Article 678 of the Swiss Code of 
Obligations).
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 209

[page 210]
Remuneration awarded for 2025 and 2024
Remuneration awarded to the Board of 
Directors for 2025 and 2024
Comments to the remuneration tables of the members 
of the Board of Directors
In the reporting year, the Board of Directors consisted of seven 
members. The total remuneration awarded to the Board of Directors 
(including the Board Chair) for 2025 amounts to  and is 
within the amount of  approved at the Annual General 
Meeting in 2024. It corresponds to an increase of 1.8% compared to the 
previous year. The remuneration system remained unchanged 
compared to the previous year.
CHF 1.6 million
CHF 1.9 million
Remuneration awarded to the CEO and the 
members of the Corporate Executive Committee 
for 2025 and 2024
Comments to the remuneration tables of the members 
of the Corporate Executive Committee
In the reporting year, Marc Werner (CEO), was the member of the 
Corporate Executive Committee with the highest remuneration.
The remuneration awarded to the CEO and the Corporate Executive 
Committee for 2025 amounts to  and is within the amount 
of  approved at the Annual General Meeting in 2024. It is 
an increase compared to the previous year, for the following reasons:
CHF 7.0 million
CHF 9.5 million
– The combined base salaries were higher than in the previous year, 
primarily due to changes in the composition of the Corporate 
Executive Committee. In addition, the individual base salaries of the 
members of the Corporate Executive Committee were increased 
slightly during the reporting year.
– Galenica Group achieved a good result in 2025. As a result, the short-
term bonus payout was 150.5%. Additional details are provided in the 
section “Performance in 2025” below.
– The LTI grant value increased compared to the previous year. This is 
due to the changes in composition of the Corporate Executive 
Committee and the slight increase in the individual base salary. The 
percentage of awards for individual Corporate Executive Committee 
members remained unchanged compared to previous year.
– The variable remuneration for 2025 amounted to 130% of the annual 
base salary for the CEO (previous year: 115%) and 90% of the annual 
base salary for the other members of the Corporate Executive 
Committee (previous year: between 44% and 95%).
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 210

[page 211]
Performance in 2025
In the reporting year, the Galenica Group generated consolidated net 
sales of . This corresponds to strong growth of 5.5% 
compared to the previous year.
CHF 4,135.6 million
Adjusted¹ operating profit (EBIT), i.e., excluding the effects of the 
accounting standards IFRS 16 (leasing), IAS 19 (employee benefits), IFRS 3 
(amortisation of acquired intangible assets) and one-off 
effects, increased by 11.3% to . Adjusted¹ return on sales 
(ROS) increased year-on-year from 5.4% to 5.7%.
CHF 234.8 million
Adjusted¹ net profit increased by 3.0% to  (previous year: 
). Reported net profit was above the previous year's 
level at  (previous year: , +0.1%).
CHF 188.7 million
CHF 183.2 million
CHF 183.9 million CHF 183.7 million
 See section  in the Annual Report 2025.1) Alternative performance measures
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 211

[page 212]
Remuneration of the Board of Directors for 2025 
and shareholdings at 31.12.2025
  Remuneration Number of shares
Payments in thousand CHF Fees in cash  
Equivalent in 
shares
1)  
Other 
remuneration2) Total  
Held as at 
31.12.2025
3)
Allocated for 
2025
Markus R. Neuhaus, Chair – 467 37 504 16,300 4,963
 Pascale Bruderer
4)
– 200 21 221 6,680 2,127
Nadine Balkanyi-Nordmann (since 11 April 2025) – 120 13 133 125 1,276
 Bertrand Jungo
4)
80 107 22 209 9,516 1,134
 Judith Meier
4)
– 160 17 177 5,805 1,702
Solange Peters 60 80 17 157 1,809 851
Jörg Zulauf – 187 14 201 4,921 1,985
 
Remuneration of the members of the Board of 
Directors
5)
140 1,320 142 1,602 45,156 14,038
Maximum amount according to AGM resolution 1,900    
1) The amounts include the calculated discount of 25%, granted due to the five-year blocking period
2) Other remuneration corresponds to the social security charges (both employer and employee contributions)
3) Shares held by related parties of members of the Board of Directors are included in the declaration of the totals disclosed above
4) Those board members participate in the pension fund and finance the entire cost themselves
5) See chapter Board of Directors of the Corporate Governance section for roles and membership of committees
Remuneration of the Board of Directors for 2024 
and shareholdings at 31.12.2024
  Remuneration Number of shares
Payments in thousand CHF Fees in cash  
Equivalent in 
shares
1)  
Other 
remuneration2) Total  
Held as at 
31.12.2024
3)
Allocated for 
2024
Markus R. Neuhaus, Chair 175 233 38 446 13,181 3,119
 Pascale Bruderer
4)
75 100 20 195 5,343 1,337
 Bertrand Jungo
4)
80 107 21 208 9,866 1,426
 Judith Meier
4)
– 160 16 176 3,666 2,139
Solange Peters 60 80 16 156 739 1,070
Andreas Walde (died on 11 December 2024) – 173 18 191 18,750 2,317
Jörg Zulauf – 187 14 201 2,125 2,496
 
Remuneration of the members of the Board of 
Directors
5)
390 1,040 143 1,573 53,670 13,904
Maximum amount according to AGM resolution 1,900    
1) The amounts include the calculated discount of 25%, granted due to the five-year blocking period
2) Other remuneration corresponds to the social security charges (both employer and employee contributions)
3) Shares held by related parties of members of the Board of Directors are included in the declaration of the totals disclosed above
4) Those board members participate in the pension fund and finance the entire cost themselves
5) See chapter Board of Directors of the Corporate Governance section for roles and membership of committees
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 212

[page 213]
Remuneration of the Corporate Executive 
Committee for 2025
Gross payments in thousand CHF Total of which Marc Werner, CEO
Base salary 2,993 540
 Short-term bonus in cash (STI)
1)
1,281 277
 Short-term bonus in shares (STI)
2)
803 173
 Long-term incentive (LTI)
3)
818 250
Contributions to pension funds 568 127
 Other remuneration
4)
93 13
Remuneration awarded 6,556 1,380
Social security costs 460 89
Remuneration of the members of the Corporate Executive Committee 7,016 1,469
Maximum amount according to AGM resolution 9,500  
Nine members in 2025
1) The short-term bonus for the reporting year, which is paid out in the following year
2) The amounts include the calculated discount of 25% granted due to the five-year blocking period
3) Performance share units falling due after three years are included with the fair value at allocation
4) Including private use of company car
Remuneration of the Corporate Executive 
Committee for 2024
Gross payments in thousand CHF Total of which Marc Werner, CEO
Base salary 2,777 500
 Short-term bonus in cash (STI)
1)
985 216
 Short-term bonus in shares (STI)
2)
618 136
 Long-term incentive (LTI)
3)
746 225
Contributions to pension funds 552 118
 Other remuneration
4)
74 12
Remuneration awarded 5,752 1,207
Social security costs 407 79
 Remuneration of the members of the Corporate Executive Committee
5)
6,159 1,286
Maximum amount according to AGM resolution 8,500  
Nine members in 2024
1) The short-term bonus for the reporting year, which is paid out in the following year
2) The amounts include the calculated discount of 25% granted due to the five-year blocking period
3) Performance share units falling due after three years are included with the fair value at allocation
4) Including private use of company car
5) Including remuneration of Stephan Mignot since 1 September 2024 as Chief Pharmacies Marketing
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 213

[page 214]
Short-term incentive (STI)
In the reporting year, a GEP of  was achieved. This 
corresponds to an increase of 14.3% compared to the previous year, see 
Value based management section, under 
. This represents a payout factor of 
176.8% for the portion of the STI payout based on GEP performance.
CHF 74.0 million
Alternative performance 
measures in the Annual Report 2025
The Group annual net sales growth achieved was 5.5%, corresponding 
to a payout factor of 142.5% for that portion of the STI.
ESG performance was measured using two objectives: Net Promoter 
Score (NPS) and employee motivation rate. The payout factor for the 
NPS component amounts to 78.8%. The employee motivation rate 
achieved 78.0 points, corresponding to a payout factor of 133.3%.
Consequently, the overall STI payout for the CEO and the other 
members of the Corporate Executive Committee for the reporting year 
amounts to 150.5%. This compares to a payout of 127.3% for the previous 
year.
Performance / payout factor under STI in 2025
KPIs
2025 
objectives Payout Target 2025 results
Group financial performance:        
Galenica economic profit (GEP)
(50% weighting)
Maximum 220% CHF 78.3 million
GEP achieved:
CHF 74.0 million
Payout factor: 176.8%
Target 100% CHF 66.3 million
Threshold 50% CHF 56.3 million
Group annual net sales growth
(25% weighting)
Maximum 220% +8.6%
Net sales growth achieved:
5.5%
Payout factor: 142.5%
Target 100% +3.8%
Threshold 50% -0.2%
Net Promoter Score (NPS)
(12.5% weighting)
Maximum 150%
not disclosed for 
competition reasons Payout factor: 78.8%
Target 100%
Threshold 50%
Employee motivation rate
(12.5% weighting)
Maximum 150% 79 points
Employee motivation rate achieved:
78 points
Payout factor: 133.3%
Target 100% 76 points
Threshold 50% 73 points
Payout       2025
CEO       150.5%
Corporate Executive Committee 
(without CEO)       150.5%
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 214

[page 215]
Long-term incentive (LTI)
For the LTI plan 2023-2025, payable in early 2026, the average GEP 
achievement was . This represents a vesting multiple of 
59.4%.
CHF 62.6 million
For relative TSR Galenica achieved an average percentile ranking of 
73.6%, corresponding to a vesting multiple of 148.0%.
Consequently, the overall vesting level for the CEO and the other 
members of the Corporate Executive Committee for the LTI plan 
2023-2025 amounts to 103.7%. This compares to a vesting level of 123.0% 
for the LTI plan 2022-2024.
KPIs
2025 
objectives Payout Target 2025 results
Group financial performance:        
Galenica economic profit (GEP)
(50% weighting)
Maximum 200% CHF 90.7 million
Average GEP achieved:
CHF 62.6 million
Vesting multiple: 59.4%
Target 100% CHF 70.7 million
Threshold 50% CHF 50.7 million
Relative TSR
(50% weighting)
Maximum 200% best in the peer group
Relative TSR achieved:
average percentile ranking of 73.6%
Vesting multiple: 148.0%
Target 100% Median ranking
Threshold 50% 25th percentile ranking
Total LTI 2023-2025       Vesting multiple: 103.7%
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 215

[page 216]
Other remuneration
Options
Neither the members of the Board of Directors nor the members of the 
Corporate Executive Committee hold tradable options.
Loans and credits
Galenica did not grant any loans or credits to members of the Board of 
Directors, members of the Corporate Executive Committee or related 
persons in the reporting year. No loans or credits were outstanding at 
the end of the reporting year.
Remuneration to former members of the Board 
of Directors and former members of the 
Corporate Executive Committee
In 2025, Galenica paid a remuneration of CHF 53,000 to Felix Burkhard 
(member of the Corporate Executive Committee until 31 December 2024) 
for his role as Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Galenica Pension 
Fund. Galenica did not pay any remuneration to former members of the 
Board of Directors or to further former members of the Corporate 
Executive Committee for the reporting year.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 216

[page 217]
Shareholdings of the Corporate Executive 
Committee
Equity overhang and dilution at 31.12.2025
The equity overhang, defined as the total number of PSU outstanding 
(46,072 unvested PSU) divided by the total number of outstanding 
shares ( ) is 0.09% (previous year: 0.10%). The burn rate, 
defined as the total number of equities (shares and PSU) granted in 2025 
(120,110 shares and 16,846 PSU) divided by the total number of 
outstanding shares, is 0.27% (previous year: 0.21%).
49,824,384 shares
Shareholdings and PSU of the Corporate 
Executive Committee at 31.12.2025
   
Number of shares held as at 
31.12.2025
1)
 
Number of PSU held as at 
31.12.2025 (at target)
2)
Marc Werner 22,078 9,938
Lukas Ackermann 5,656 3,067
Julian Fiessinger 2,471 1,435
Arianne Hasler 492 1,330
Andreas Koch 12,028 3,067
Daniele Madonna 17,452 3,067
Stephan Mignot 862 1,454
Virginie Pache Jeschka 8,690 3,067
Thomas Szuran 13,797 3,154
1) Shares held by related parties of members of the Corporate Executive Committee are also included in the totals disclosed above
2) Each PSU transforms into a number (between 0 and 2) of shares at vesting and based on GEP and relative TSR target achievement
Shareholdings and PSU of the Corporate 
Executive Committee at 31.12.2024
   
Number of shares held as at 
31.12.2024
1)
 
Number of PSU held as at 
31.12.2024 (at target)
2)
Marc Werner 18,450 10,485
Lukas Ackermann 3,288 3,250
Felix Burkhard 21,235 3,921
Arianne Hasler 56 566
Andreas Koch 9,580 3,250
Daniele Madonna 15,004 3,250
Stephan Mignot 209 387
Virginie Pache Jeschka 6,242 3,250
Thomas Szuran 11,259 3,374
1) Shares held by related parties of members of the Corporate Executive Committee are also included in the totals disclosed above
2) Each PSU transforms into a number (between 0 and 2) of shares at vesting and based on GEP and relative TSR target achievement
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 217

[page 218]
External mandates of the Bord of Directors 
and the Corporate Executive Committee 
at 31 December 2025 and 2024
In accordance with Art. 734e of the Swiss Code of Obligations, the table below lists functions exercised by 
members of the Bord of Directors and members of the Corporate Executive Committee at other for-profit 
companies, to the extent these functions are comparable to the function they hold with Galenica.
Board of Directors      
Member Company Function 2025 2024
Markus R. Neuhaus  Barry Callebaut AG
1)
Board member yes yes
    Helvetia Baloise Holding AG
1)2)
Board member yes yes
  Jacobs Holding AG Chair of the Board of Directors yes yes
Pascale Bruderer Crossiety AG Board member yes yes
   Orell Füssli AG
1)
Board member yes yes
  Swiss Stablecoin AG Chair of the Board of Directors yes yes
   TX Group AG
1)
Board member yes yes
Nadine Balkanyi-Nordmann Lexperience AG Board member yes n/a
  Tele-Check Inter AG Chair of the Board of Directors yes n/a
Bertrand Jungo AG Grand Hotels Engadinerkulm Holding Board member & Delegate of the board yes yes
  Diaqua AG Board member yes yes
  Neoperl AG Board member yes yes
Judith Meier Cantonal Hospital of Graubünden Board member yes yes
  Emil-Burkhardt-foundation Member of the board of trustees yes yes
  reha andeer ag Board member yes yes
Solange Peters - - - -
Andreas Walde - - n/a -
Jörg Zulauf Innflow AG Board member yes yes
  Maerki Baumann & Co. AG Board member yes yes
  SV Group AG Chair of the Board of Directors yes yes
1) Listed company
2) Baloise Holding AG (mandate 2024) merged with Helvetia Holding AG in December 2025 and was renamed Helvetia Baloise Holding AG
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 218

[page 219]
Corporate Executive Committee      
Member Company Function 2025 2024
Marc Werner AD Swiss Net AG  Board member
2)
yes yes
  Coop Vitality AG  Board member
2)
yes yes
  MediService AG  Board member
2)
yes yes
  Well Gesundheit AG  Board member
2)
yes yes
Lukas Ackermann - - - -
Felix Burkhard MediService AG  Board member
2)
n/a yes
   Orior AG
1)
Board member n/a yes
Julian Fiessinger MediService AG  Board member
2)
yes n/a
Arianne Hasler - - - -
Andreas Koch Health Supply AG  Board member
2)
yes yes
Daniele Madonna Apotheke im KSW AG  Board member
2)
no yes
  Coop Vitality AG  Board member
2)
yes yes
  Emeda AG  Board member
2)
no yes
  Farmadomo Home Care Provider SA  Board member
2)
yes yes
Stephan Mignot Puravita AG  Board member
2)
yes no
Virginie Pache Jeschka Coop Vitality AG  Board member
2)
yes yes
Thomas Szuran Emeda AG  Board member
2)
yes yes
  MediService AG  Board member
2)
yes yes
  Puravita AG  Board member
2)
no yes
1) Listed company
2) Mandates by order of Galenica
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 219

[page 220]
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 220

[page 221]
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Governance – Remuneration report 221

[page 222]
Financial  
Reporting
Definitions of alternative  
performance measures 223
Organic growth of net sales 224
Adjusted consolidated statement  
of income 226
Free cash flow 228
Capital management 229
Value based management 231
Alternative performance 
measures 2025 of  
the Galenica Group

[page 223]
Definitions of alternative performance measures
The annual report, the half year report and other communication to investors contain certain financial 
performance measures, which are not defined by IFRS Accounting Standards. In addition to information based 
on IFRS Accounting Standards, management uses these alternative performance measures to assess the 
financial and operational performance of the Group. Management believes that these non-IFRS financial 
performance measures provide useful information regarding Galenica's financial and operational 
performance. Alternative performance measures are used in Galenica's value-based management as the 
basis for management's incentive and remuneration schemes. Such measures may not be comparable to 
similar measures presented by other companies. The main alternative performance measures used by 
Galenica are explained and/or reconciled with the IFRS Accounting Standards measures in this section.
Due to rounding, numbers presented throughout this report may not add up precisely to the totals provided. 
Totals are calculated using the underlying amount rather than the presented rounded number.
IAS 19 – Employee benefits
The pension plans of Galenica are organised in legally independent pension funds and are based purely on 
the defined contribution principle as stated in the Swiss «BVG» law. Nevertheless, Galenica's pension plans are 
classified as defined benefit pension plans under IAS 19. For this reason, Galenica evaluates its performance by 
adjusting personnel costs as if those plans were defined contribution plans (adjustments for the effects of IAS 
19). Furthermore any compensation payments to the pension funds resulting from the integration of acquired 
companies into the Galenica pension fund are included under this item.
IFRS 16 – Leases
With its large network of retail pharmacies, IFRS 16 has a significant impact on Galenica's income statement, 
balance sheet and cashflow statement. Galenica adjusts its financial statements for comparability by treating 
lease agreements as operating leases. All lease expenses are shown evenly under other operating costs, while 
depreciation, interest on lease liabilities and the corresponding tax effects are removed.
IFRS 3 - Acquisition-related amortisation (new)
Following the acquisition of Diagnostic Group (Labor Team), Galenica’s profitability is significantly affected by 
acquisition‑related amortisation of intangible assets such as customer relationships, trademarks or other 
intangible assets. As these charges do not reflect operational value creation of the acquired business, they 
are excluded from the alternative performance measures. This adjustment applies prospectively from the 2025 
financial year.
One-off effect - Revaluation of associates and joint ventures (new)
Galenica occasionally carries out step acquisitions, which require a revaluation of the previously held 
investments. Such revaluations as well as other value changes or impairments of investments in associates 
and joint ventures do not affect operational value creation, they are consequently excluded from the 
alternative performance measures.
One-off effect - Gains and losses related to the disposal or closure of business units (new)
The planned discontinuation of the production activities at Bichsel would have a significant impact on 
Galenica’s results, particularly in the first half of 2026. As these effects are not related to Galenica’s continuing 
business operations, they are excluded from the alternative performance measures. No effects from this 
planned discontinuation have been recognised in the financial year 2025.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Alternative performance measures 2025 of the Galenica Group 223

[page 224]
Organic growth of net sales
Organic growth of net sales shows the development of net sales for the operating segments Products & Care 
and Logistics & IT excluding the effects of acquisitions, new license agreements, openings and closures of 
pharmacies (effect of net expansion). It provides a "like-for-like" comparison with previous periods. In the 
business area "Pharmacies Omni-Channel", organic growth of net sales is calculated only including points of 
sales with a full year period comparison. In the other business areas, organic growth of net sales is calculated 
only including existing business activities with a full year period comparison. In order to show the impact of 
mandatory price reductions of medications reimbursed by health insurers on net sales transparently, organic 
growth of net sales is also disclosed without the effect of mandatory price reductions.
The reporting of net sales has been adjusted to the changed organisational and management structure.  For 
comparability, net sales for the previous period has been adjusted.
Logistics & IT - Organic growth of net sales 2025
in thousand CHF Wholesale
Logistics & IT 
Services  Logistics & IT
1)
Net sales 3,255,295 79,640 3,332,615
Change to previous period 4.8% 2.8% 4.8%
       
Effect of net expansion – – –
In % of net sales of previous period 0.0% 0.0% 0.0%
       
Net sales excluding effect of net expansion 3,255,295 79,640 3,332,615
Organic growth of net sales 4.8% 2.8% 4.8%
       
Mandatory price reductions 
2)
68,233    
In % of net sales of previous period 2.2%    
1) Including eliminations of intercompany net sales
2) Mandatory price reductions of medications reimbursed by health insurers of the specialities list (SL/LS) released by the Federal Office of Public 
Health (FOPH), calculated based on volumes of previous period
Products & Care - Organic growth of net sales 2025
in thousand CHF
Pharmacies
Omni-
Channel
Products & 
Brands
Services & 
Production Diagnostics  
Products & 
Care
1)
Net sales 1,473,330 194,233 119,875 40,670 1,816,417
Change to previous period 4.9% 2.1% 4.0%   6.8%
           
Effect of net expansion  21,805
2)
 9,047
3)
–  40,670
3)
71,522
In % of net sales of previous period 1.6% 4.8% 0.0%   4.2%
           
Net sales excluding effect of net expansion 1,451,525 185,185 119,875 – 1,744,895
Organic growth of net sales 3.3% –2.7% 4.0%   2.6%
           
Mandatory price reductions 
4)
21,359        
In % of net sales of previous period 1.5%        
1) Including eliminations of intercompany net sales
2) The effect of net expansion is calculated only including point of sales without a full year period comparison (acquisitions, openings and closure of 
pharmacies)
3) The effect of net expansion is calculated only including business activities without a full year period comparison (acquisitions and new license 
agreements)
4) Mandatory price reductions of medications reimbursed by health insurers of the specialities list (SL/LS) released by the Federal Office of Public 
Health (FOPH), calculated based on volumes of previous period
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Alternative performance measures 2025 of the Galenica Group 224

[page 225]
Logistics & IT - Organic growth of net sales 2024 (restated)
in thousand CHF Wholesale
Logistics & IT 
Services  Logistics & IT
1)
Net sales 3,105,223 77,496 3,180,457
Change to previous period 5.2% 4.2% 5.1%
       
Effect of net expansion – – –
In % of net sales of previous period 0.0% 0.0% 0.0%
       
Net sales excluding effect of net expansion 3,105,223 77,496 3,180,457
Organic growth of net sales 5.2% 4.2% 5.1%
       
 Mandatory price reductions
2)
59,924    
In % of net sales of previous period 2.0%    
1) Including eliminations of intercompany net sales
2) Mandatory price reductions of medications reimbursed by health insurers of the specialities list (SL/LS) released by the Federal Office of Public 
Health (FOPH), calculated based on volumes of previous period
Products & Care - Organic growth of net sales 2024 (restated)
in thousand CHF
Pharmacies
Omni-
Channel
Products & 
Brands
Services & 
Production  
Products & 
Care
1)
Net sales 1,404,321 190,194 115,239 1,700,226
Change to previous period 4.1% 3.3% 6.8% 3.9%
         
Effect of net expansion  21,701
2)
 1,160
3)
– 22,861
In % of net sales of previous period 1.6% 0.6% 0.0% 1.4%
         
Net sales excluding effect of net expansion 1,382,620 189,034 115,239 1,677,365
Organic growth of net sales 2.5% 2.7% 6.8% 2.5%
         
 Mandatory price reductions
4)
28,396      
In % of net sales of previous period 2.1%      
1) Including eliminations of intercompany net sales
2) The effect of net expansion is calculated only including point of sales without a full year period comparison (acquisitions, openings and closure of 
pharmacies)
3) The effect of net expansion is calculated only including business activities without a full year period comparison (acquisitions and new license 
agreements)
4) Mandatory price reductions of medications reimbursed by health insurers of the specialities list (SL/LS) released by the Federal Office of Public 
Health (FOPH), calculated based on volumes of previous period
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Alternative performance measures 2025 of the Galenica Group 225

[page 226]
Adjusted consolidated statement of income
Galenica's consolidated statement of income is adjusted as described in the 
.
section definitions of alternative 
performance measures
Adjusted consolidated statement of income 2025
in thousand CHF As reported
Adjustments
IAS 19
Adjustments
IFRS 16
Adjustments
IFRS 3
One-off 
effects Adjusted
Net sales 4,135,621 – – – – 4,135,621
Products & Care 
1)
1,816,417 – – – – 1,816,417
Logistics & IT 
1)
3,332,615 – – – – 3,332,615
             
Other income 14,277 – – – – 14,277
Operating income 4,149,898 – – – – 4,149,898
             
Cost of goods –2,990,316 – – – – –2,990,316
Personnel costs –610,317 –273 – – – –610,590
Other operating costs –206,150 – –57,008 – – –263,158
Share of profit from associates and joint 
ventures 5,667 35 –103 –  2,351
3)
7,949
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation 
and amortisation (EBITDA) 348,782 –238 –57,112 – 2,351 293,783
Products & Care 
1)
250,021 – –55,007 –  2,351
3)
197,365
Logistics & IT 
1)
77,929 – –2,097 – – 75,832
             
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment –116,403 – 54,226 3,192 – –58,986
Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) 232,378 –238 –2,886 3,192 2,351 234,797
Return on sales (ROS) 
2)
5.6% 0.0% –0.1% 0.1% 0.1% 5.7%
Products & Care 
1)
172,453 – –2,824 3,192 2,351 175,173
Return on sales (ROS) 
2)
9.5% 0.0% –0.2% 0.2% 0.1% 9.6%
Logistics & IT 
1)
61,800 – –63 – – 61,736
Return on sales (ROS) 
2)
1.9% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 1.9%
             
Net financial result –10,008 –108 2,860 – – –7,256
Earnings before taxes (EBT) 222,371 –347 –25 3,192 2,351 227,541
             
Income taxes –38,488 69 –17 –454 – –38,890
             
Profit from continuing operations 183,883 –277 –42 2,738 2,351 188,652
             
Profit from discontinued operations –1,607 – – – – –1,607
             
Net Profit 182,276 –277 –42 2,738 2,351 187,045
             
Attributable to:            
– Shareholders of Galenica Ltd. 181,099 –277 –43 2,676 2,351 185,804
– Non-controlling interests 1,177 – 1 62 – 1,241
1) Reported for each operating segment not taking into account Group Services and Eliminations
2) Calculated as EBIT divided by net sales
3) Including one-off loss from the impairment of an associate investment
in CHF As reported
Adjustments
IAS 19
Adjustments
IFRS 16
Adjustments
IFRS 3
One-off 
effects Adjusted
Earnings per share from continuing operations 3.67 –0.01 – 0.05 0.05 3.76
Diluted earnings per share from continuing 
operations 3.66 –0.01 – 0.05 0.05 3.76
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Alternative performance measures 2025 of the Galenica Group 226

[page 227]
Adjusted consolidated statement of income 2024
in thousand CHF As reported
Adjustments
IAS 19
Adjustments
IFRS 16 Adjusted
Net sales 3,921,081 – – 3,921,081
Products & Care 
1)
1,700,226 – – 1,700,226
 Logistics & IT 
1)3)
3,180,457 – – 3,180,457
         
Other income 16,223 – – 16,223
Operating income 3,937,304 – – 3,937,304
         
Cost of goods –2,843,240 – – –2,843,240
Personnel costs –582,726 –488 – –583,214
Other operating costs –193,402 – –55,499 –248,901
Share of profit from associates and joint ventures 6,209 –22 –202 5,985
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) 324,144 –510 –55,701 267,933
 Products & Care 
1)3)
233,809 – –53,275 180,534
 Logistics & IT 
1)3)
71,597 – –2,404 69,193
         
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment –109,778 – 52,883 –56,895
Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) 214,367 –510 –2,819 211,038
Return on sales (ROS) 
2)
5.5% 0.0% –0.1% 5.4%
 Products & Care 
1)3)
162,826 – –2,757 160,070
 Return on sales (ROS) 
2)3)
9.6% 0.0% –0.2% 9.4%
 Logistics & IT 
1)3)
53,860 – –60 53,800
 Return on sales (ROS) 
2)3)
1.7% 0.0% 0.0% 1.7%
         
Net financial result 230 –398 3,116 2,948
Earnings before taxes (EBT) 214,597 –907 297 213,987
         
Income taxes –30,898 159 –85 –30,823
         
Profit from continuing operations 183,699 –748 213 183,164
         
Profit from discontinued operations –80 – – –80
         
Net Profit 183,619 –748 213 183,084
         
Attributable to:        
– Shareholders of Galenica Ltd. 182,951 –748 209 182,412
– Non-controlling interests 668 – 4 672
1) Reported for each operating segment not taking into account Group Services and Eliminations
2) Calculated as EBIT divided by net sales
3) Figures restated (refer to note 3 of the Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group)
in CHF As reported
Adjustments
IAS 19
Adjustments
IFRS 16 Adjusted
Earnings per share from continuing operations 3.67 –0.01 – 3.66
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations 3.67 –0.01 – 3.66
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Alternative performance measures 2025 of the Galenica Group 227

[page 228]
Free cash flow
The free cash flow shows Galenica's capacity to pay dividends and repay debt and repay equity. It provides 
information on the remaining cash and cash equivalents from the operating cash flow, reduced by all lease 
payments and after consideration of investment activities.
Free cash flow
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Cash flow from operating activities before working capital changes 308,539 277,317
Payment of lease liabilities –54,064 –52,576
Cash flow from operating activities before working capital changes adjusted 254,475 224,741
Working capital changes –8,774 –12,613
Cash flow from operating activities adjusted 245,701 212,128
Cash flow from investing activities without M&A 
1)
–57,691 –128,021
Free cash flow before M&A 188,009 84,106
Cash flow from M&A 
2)
–275,447 –23,061
Free cash flow –87,438 61,045
1) Cash flow from investing activities without net cash flow from business combinations and net cash flow from sale of subsidiaries
2) Net cash flow from business combinations and net cash flow from sale of subsidiaries
CAPEX
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Investments in property, plant and equipment 31,767 36,023
Investments in intangible assets 29,377 36,742
CAPEX 61,144 72,765
Cash conversion
  2025 2024
Cash conversion 
1)
79.2% 72.8%
1) Calculated as EBITDA adjusted less CAPEX divided by EBITDA adjusted
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Alternative performance measures 2025 of the Galenica Group 228

[page 229]
Capital management
Galenica's capital is managed and monitored at Group level. The objective of capital management at 
Galenica is to ensure the continuity of operations, increase enterprise value on a sustainable basis, provide an 
adequate return to investors, provide the financial resources to enable investments in areas that deliver future 
benefits for patients and customers and further returns to investors.
Galenica defines the capital that it manages as invested interest-bearing liabilities and equity. Galenica uses 
a system of financial control based on various key performance indicators. Capital is monitored based on the 
gearing, for example, which expresses net debt as a percentage of shareholders' equity including non-
controlling interests and is communicated regularly to management as part of internal reporting. The debt 
coverage expresses net debt as a multiple of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation 
(EBITDA). Debt coverage ratio provides information about the creditworthiness of the Group. Galenica has no 
covenants requiring a minimum level of debt coverage.
Total assets and shareholders' equity are adjusted for the cumulative effects of the IAS 19, IFRS 16 and IFRS 3 
adjustments and net debt is adjusted for lease liabilities.
Total assets
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Total assets 3,297,140 3,070,898
Cumulative effects of IAS 19 adjustments –2,315 –1,731
Cumulative effects of IFRS 16 adjustments –236,845 –228,794
Cumulative effects of IFRS 3 adjustments 3,192 –
Total assets adjusted 3,061,172 2,840,373
Net debt
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Current financial liabilities 
1)
207,566 38,868
Current lease liabilities 55,311 52,693
Non-current financial liabilities 
1)
589,248 519,811
Non-current lease liabilities 188,687 183,195
Cash and cash equivalents –115,507 –129,682
Interest-bearing receivables –6,500 –4,899
Net debt 918,806 659,986
Lease liabilities (current and non-current) –243,998 –235,887
Net debt adjusted 674,808 424,099
1) Excluding non-interest-bearing financial liabilities
Shareholders' equity
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Shareholders' equity 1,485,002 1,551,844
Cumulative effects of IAS 19 adjustments 15,030 15,799
Cumulative effects of IFRS 16 adjustments 5,757 5,799
Cumulative effects of IFRS 3 adjustments 2,738 –
Shareholders' equity adjusted 1,508,526 1,573,442
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Alternative performance measures 2025 of the Galenica Group 229

[page 230]
Equity ratio
  2025 2024
Equity ratio 
1)
45.0% 50.5%
Equity ratio adjusted 
2)
49.3% 55.4%
1) Calculated as shareholders' equity divided by total assets
2) Calculated as shareholders' equity adjusted divided by total assets adjusted
Gearing
  2025 2024
Gearing 
1)
61.9% 42.5%
Gearing adjusted 
2)
44.7% 27.0%
1) Calculated as net debt divided by shareholders' equity
2) Calculated as net debt adjusted divided by shareholders' equity adjusted
Debt coverage
  2025 2024
Debt coverage 
1)
2.6 x 2.0 x
Debt coverage adjusted 
2)
2.3 x 1.6 x
1) Calculated as net debt divided by EBITDA
2) Calculated as net debt adjusted divided by EBITDA adjusted
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Alternative performance measures 2025 of the Galenica Group 230

[page 231]
Value based management
Galenica has an integrated value-based management concept in place that derived from an economic value 
added (EVA) approach. It is based on the understanding that in the interest of shareholders and other 
important groups of stakeholders, Galenica will strive to achieve a long-term investment return which exceeds 
the weighted average cost of capital (WACC). Targets, plans, performance measurement and management 
compensation are aligned to increase the enterprise value.
Invested capital
Invested capital corresponds to current and fixed operating assets less cash and cash equivalents, equity 
instruments held for strategic purposes and designated as fair value through other comprehensive income 
according to IFRS Accounting Standards and non-interest-bearing current liabilities. In the following, invested 
capital is calculated indirectly via equity and net debt.
Invested capital
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Shareholders' equity adjusted 1,508,526 1,573,442
Net debt adjusted 674,808 424,099
 Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income
1)
–133,526 –265,638
Deferred tax assets 
2)
–1,758 –1,309
Deferred tax liabilities 
2)
72,751 47,766
Invested capital 2,120,802 1,778,361
     
Weighted average invested capital 1,900,542 1,743,749
1) Including loans related to strategic investments
2) Without deferred taxes due to IAS 19, IFRS 16 and IFRS 3 adjustments as already taken into account in shareholders' equity adjusted
Net operating profit after tax (NOPAT) and return on invested capital (ROIC)
Net operating profit after tax (NOPAT) is the profit before interest and after depreciation, amortisation and 
taxes. It is calculated from the operating result (EBIT adjusted) less calculatory income taxes.
Return on invested capital (ROIC) is calculated as NOPAT divided by the average of invested capital. This 
measure of performance integrates both measures of profitability and measures of capital efficiency.
Net operating profit after tax (NOPAT) and return on invested capital (ROIC)
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
EBIT adjusted 234,797 211,038
Net financial income from financial assets 282 775
Net operating profit before taxes 235,079 211,814
Calculatory tax rate (18%) –42,314 –38,127
Net operating profit after taxes (NOPAT) 192,765 173,687
     
Return on invested capital (ROIC) 
1)
10.1% 10.0%
1) Calculated as NOPAT in % of weighted average invested capital
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Alternative performance measures 2025 of the Galenica Group 231

[page 232]
Galenica economic profit (GEP)
The most important key figure in Galenica's value-based management concept is the Galenica economic 
profit (GEP). The GEP illustrates the result of the Galenica Group after consideration of the cost of capital. GEP 
is a measure designed to reflect the principles of value-based management derived from an economic value 
added (EVA) approach. GEP is calculated as the NOPAT less the WACC over the average invested capital.
Galenica economic profit (GEP)
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Net operating profit after taxes (NOPAT) 192,765 173,687
Cost of capital 
1)
–118,784 –108,984
Galenica economic profit (GEP) 73,981 64,703
1) Calculated as weighted average invested capital multiplied with WACC (weighted average cost of capital) of 6.25%
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Alternative performance measures 2025 of the Galenica Group 232

[page 233]
Consolidated statement  
of income 234
Consolidated statement  
of comprehensive income 235
Consolidated statement  
of financial position 236
Consolidated statement  
of cash flows 237
Consolidated statement  
of changes in equity 238
Notes to the consolidated  
financial statements  
of the Galenica Group 239
1. Group organisation
2. Accounting principles
3. Operating segment information
4. Business combinations
5. Net sales
6. Other income
7. Personnel costs
8. Other operating costs
9. Financial result
10. Earnings per share
11. Income taxes
12. Trade and other receivables
Consolidated financial 
statements 2025 of the 
Galenica Group
13. Inventories
14. Property, plant and equipment
15. Leases
16. Intangible assets
17.  Investments in associates  
and joint ventures
18. Financial assets
19. Financial liabilities
20. Trade and other payables
21. Provisions
22.  Contingent liabilities  
and commitments
23. Employee benefit plans
24. Shareholders’ equity
25. Financial instruments
26. Financial risk management
27. Capital management
28. Share-based payments
29. Related party transactions
30. Subsequent events
31. Group companies
Report of the statutory  
auditor 287

[page 234]
Consolidated statement of income
in thousand CHF Note 2025 2024
Net sales 5 4,135,621 3,921,081
Other income 6 14,277 16,223
Operating income   4,149,898 3,937,304
       
Cost of goods   –2,990,316 –2,843,240
Personnel costs 7, 23 –610,317 –582,726
Other operating costs 8 –206,150 –193,402
Share of profit from associates and joint ventures 17 5,667 6,209
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA)   348,782 324,144
       
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment 14,15,16 –116,403 –109,778
Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT)   232,378 214,367
       
Financial income 9 5,632 13,379
Financial expenses 9 –15,639 –13,148
Earnings before taxes (EBT)   222,371 214,597
       
Income taxes 11 –38,488 –30,898
       
Profit from continuing operations   183,883 183,699
       
Profit from discontinued operations   –1,607 –80
       
Net profit   182,276 183,619
       
Attributable to:      
– Shareholders of Galenica Ltd.   181,099 182,951
– Non-controlling interests   1,177 668
in CHF Note 2025 2024
Earnings per share      
Earnings per share 10 3.63 3.67
Diluted earnings per share 10 3.63 3.67
Earnings per share from continuing operations      
Earnings per share from continuing operations 10 3.67 3.67
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations 10 3.66 3.67
Earnings per share from discontinued operations      
Earnings per share from discontinued operations 10 –0.03 –
Diluted earnings per share from discontinued operations 10 –0.03 –
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 234

[page 235]
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
in thousand CHF Note 2025 2024
Net profit   182,276 183,619
       
Translation differences   –35 87
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss   –35 87
       
Remeasurement of net defined benefit plans 23 4,278 –19,624
Income taxes from remeasurement of net defined benefit plans   –748 3,532
Share of other comprehensive income from associates and joint ventures 17 796 499
Gain / (Loss) on equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income 25 –137,014 2,408
Income taxes from fair value measurement on equity instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income   125 17,541
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss   –132,563 4,356
Other comprehensive income/(loss)   –132,598 4,443
       
Comprehensive income   49,678 188,062
       
Attributable to:      
– Shareholders of Galenica Ltd.   48,500 187,394
– Non-controlling interests   1,177 668
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 235

[page 236]
Consolidated statement of financial position
in thousand CHF Note   2025   2024
Cash and cash equivalents     115,507   129,682
Trade and other receivables 12   526,776   499,999
Inventories 13   385,401   363,055
Prepaid expenses and accrued income     42,213   39,043
Current assets   32.4% 1,069,897 33.6% 1,031,779
           
Property, plant and equipment 14   274,420   257,676
Right-of-use assets 15   237,066   229,118
Intangible assets 16   1,413,869   1,115,844
Investments in associates and joint ventures 17   147,888   145,087
Financial assets 18   149,264   286,929
Deferred tax assets 11   4,735   4,464
Non-current assets   67.6% 2,227,243 66.4% 2,039,118
           
Assets   100.0% 3,297,140 100.0% 3,070,898
           
Financial liabilities 19   215,422   58,385
Lease liabilities 15   55,311   52,693
Trade and other payables 20   499,667   455,348
Income tax payables     30,934   28,845
Accrued expenses and deferred income     124,823   131,451
Provisions 21   6,782   4,983
Current liabilities   28.3% 932,939 23.8% 731,705
           
Financial liabilities 19   601,543   539,708
Lease liabilities 15   188,687   183,195
Deferred tax liabilities 11   71,157   46,643
Employee benefit liabilities 23   17,344   17,530
Provisions 21   468   273
Non-current liabilities   26.7% 879,200 25.6% 787,349
           
Liabilities   55.0% 1,812,138 49.5% 1,519,053
           
Share capital 24   5,000   5,000
Reserves     1,476,901   1,543,694
Equity attributable to shareholders of Galenica Ltd.     1,481,901   1,548,694
Non-controlling interests     3,100   3,150
Shareholders' equity 24 45.0% 1,485,002 50.5% 1,551,844
           
Liabilities and shareholders' equity   100.0% 3,297,140 100.0% 3,070,898
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 236

[page 237]
Consolidated statement of cash flows
in thousand CHF Note 2025 2024
Profit from continuing operations   183,883 183,699
Income taxes 11 38,488 30,898
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment 14,15,16 116,403 109,778
Net loss on disposal of non-current assets 6,8 –226 –3,302
Decrease in provisions and employee benefit assets and liabilities   –2,116 –966
Net financial result 9 10,008 –230
Share of profit from associates and joint ventures 17 –5,667 –6,209
Share-based payments 28 7,402 5,963
Interest received   918 1,445
Interest paid   –12,748 –10,936
Other net financial receipts   225 411
Dividends received 17 5,668 7,677
Income taxes paid   –33,699 –40,911
Cash flow from operating activities before working capital changes   308,539 277,317
Change in trade and other receivables   –10,476 20,588
Change in inventories   –15,477 –4,192
Change in trade and other payables   31,722 34,585
Change in other net current assets   –14,543 –63,595
Working capital changes   –8,774 –12,613
Cash flow from operating activities   299,765 264,703
       
Investments in property, plant and equipment   –27,411 –37,010
Investments in intangible assets   –28,352 –35,353
Investments in associates and joint ventures 17 –2,000 –2,071
Investments in financial assets   –11,272 –65,975
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets   532 4,432
Proceeds from sale of financial assets   10,737 7,955
Proceeds from sale of associates and joint ventures   74 –
Net cash flow from business combinations 4 –275,447 –23,061
Cash flow from investing activities   –333,138 –151,083
       
Dividends paid   –115,113 –110,173
Purchase of treasury shares   –14,008 –9,703
Proceeds from sale of treasury shares   6,043 4,107
Proceeds from financial liabilities 19 581,415 309,645
Repayment of financial liabilities 19 –385,079 –241,039
Payment of lease liabilities   –54,064 –52,576
Purchase of non-controlling interests   – –486
Cash flow from financing activities   19,195 –100,224
       
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents   4 127
(Decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents   –14,175 13,523
       
 Cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January
1)
  129,682 116,159
Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December 
1)   115,507 129,682
1) Cash and cash equivalents include cash, sight deposits at financial institutions and time deposits with an original term of three months or less. 
Cash and cash equivalents are measured at nominal value.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 237

[page 238]
Consolidated statement of changes in equity
in thousand CHF
Share 
capital
Treasury 
shares
Retained 
earnings
Equity
attributable to
shareholders of
Galenica Ltd.
Non-
controlling 
interests Equity
Balance as at 31 December 2023 5,000 –11,816 1,478,235 1,471,419 3,777 1,475,196
Net profit     182,951 182,951 668 183,619
Other comprehensive income     4,443 4,443 – 4,443
Comprehensive income     187,394 187,394 668 188,062
Dividends     –109,740 –109,740 –437 –110,177
Transactions on treasury shares   –679 –4,891 –5,570 – –5,570
Share-based payments     6,034 6,034 – 6,034
Change in non-controlling interests     –842 –842 –859 –1,701
Balance as at 31 December 2024 5,000 –12,495 1,556,189 1,548,694 3,150 1,551,844
Net profit     181,099 181,099 1,177 182,276
Other comprehensive loss     –132,598 –132,598 – –132,598
Comprehensive income     48,500 48,500 1,177 49,678
Dividends     –114,757 –114,757 –359 –115,117
Transactions on treasury shares   –2,560 –5,540 –8,101 – –8,101
Share-based payments     7,644 7,644 – 7,644
Change in non-controlling interests     –80 –80 –867 –947
Balance as at 31 December 2025 5,000 –15,055 1,491,956 1,481,901 3,100 1,485,002
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 238

[page 239]
Notes to the consolidated financial statements of 
the Galenica Group
1. Group organisation
General information
Galenica is a fully-integrated healthcare service provider in Switzerland. Galenica operates a network of 
pharmacies, develops and offers own brands and products, exclusive brands and products from business 
partners as well as a variety of on-site health services and tests for customers. Galenica is also a provider of 
pre-wholesale and wholesale distribution and database services in the Swiss healthcare market. By acquiring 
the Diagnostics Group (Labor Team) in 2025, Galenica is adding a diagnostic service provider to its healthcare 
network.
The parent company is Galenica Ltd., a Swiss public limited company with its headquarters in Bern. The 
registered office is at Untermattweg 8, 3027 Bern, Switzerland. Shares in Galenica Ltd. are traded on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange under securities no. 36067446 (ISIN CH0360674466).
The Board of Directors released the consolidated financial statements 2025 for publication on 5 March 
2026. The 2025 consolidated financial statements will be submitted for approval to the Annual General 
Meeting on 21 April 2026.
2. Accounting principles
Basis of preparation
The consolidated financial statements of Galenica have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting 
Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standard Board (IASB), as well as the interpretations of 
the IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) and the provisions of Swiss law.
The consolidated financial statements are based on the financial statements of the individual companies of 
Galenica, prepared in accordance with uniform accounting principles. The reporting period comprises twelve 
months to 31 December.
Galenica's consolidated financial statements are prepared in Swiss francs (CHF) and, unless otherwise 
indicated, figures are rounded to the nearest CHF 1,000.
Due to rounding, numbers presented throughout this report may not add up precisely to the totals provided. 
Totals are calculated using the underlying amount rather than the presented rounded number.
Foreign currencies are not material for the consolidated financial statements.
Estimation uncertainty, assumptions and judgments
The preparation of the Group's consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates 
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expense, and the 
disclosure of contingent liabilities as at the reporting date. Although these estimates and assumptions are 
made on the basis of all available information and with the greatest of care, the actual results may differ. This 
applies primarily to estimates and assumptions made with regard to the items set out below.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 239

[page 240]
Leases ( )note 15
IFRS 16 defines the lease term as the non-cancellable period of a lease together with the options to extend or 
terminate a lease, if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option. Where a lease includes the option 
for the Group to extend the lease term, Galenica applies judgment in assessing whether it is reasonably 
certain that the option will be exercised. This will take into account the length of the time remaining before the 
option is exercisable, current trading, future trading forecasts as to the ongoing profitability of the point of 
sale and the level and type of planned future capital investment. A reassessment of the remaining life of the 
lease could result in a recalculation of the lease liability and a material adjustment to the associated 
balances.
Goodwill and intangible assets ( )note 16
Goodwill and other intangible assets with an indefinite useful life are tested for impairment at least once a 
year. This involves estimating the value in use of the cash-generating unit (CGU) or group of CGUs to which the 
goodwill is allocated. It also requires a forecast of expected future cash flows as well as the application of an 
appropriate discount rate to calculate the present value of these cash flows.
Employee benefit plans and other non-current employee benefits ( )note 23
The costs of the employee benefit plans and other long-term employee benefits are determined using 
actuarial valuations. These valuations involve making assumptions about the discount rate, future salary and 
pension developments, mortality and the employee turnover rate. Galenica considers the discount rate, the 
selection of mortality tables and the development of salaries to be key assumptions.
Fair value of contingent consideration liabilities from business combinations ( )note 25
Contingent consideration, resulting from business combinations, is valued at fair value at the acquisition date 
as part of the business combination. When the contingent consideration meets the definition of a financial 
liability, it is subsequently remeasured to fair value at each reporting date. The determination of the fair value 
is based on discounted cash flows. The key assumptions take into consideration the probability of meeting 
each performance target and the discount rate.
Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards
As at 1 January 2025 Galenica adopted the following amended IFRS Accounting Standards:
– Amendments to IAS 21 – Lack of exchangeability
This change has no or no material impact on the financial position, financial performance and cash flows of 
Galenica nor on disclosures in these consolidated financial statements. Galenica has not early adopted any 
other standard or interpretation that has been issued but is not yet effective.
Future amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards
The IASB has issued various new and amended standards and interpretations with effective dates in the 
financial year 2026 or later. Galenica has not early adopted any of the following amendments to standards or 
interpretations that are potentially relevant for Galenica. Galenica intends to apply the new or amended 
standards for the first time in the financial year beginning on the date shown below:
– Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments — Amendments to IFRS 9 and 
IFRS 7 (1 January 2026)
– Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards - Volume 11 (1 January 2026)
– IFRS 18 – Presentation and Disclosure in financial statements (1 January 2027)
Galenica is currently working to identify all the impacts the introduction of IFRS 18 will have on the financial 
statements and related notes. Based on a preliminary analysis, Galenica does not expect a material impact 
on the consolidated financial statement for the other new or amended standards.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 240

[page 241]
3. Operating segment information
Galenica operates mainly in Switzerland within two operating segments Products & Care and Logistics & IT. 
The CEO of Galenica acting as chief operating decision maker (CODM) allocates resources and monitors 
performance of the Group's operating segments Products & Care and Logistics & IT on the basis of information 
prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards, with exceptions described below.
Based on the changed organisational and management structure, Galenica has revised its segments and 
CODM-Reporting. The main change is the reallocation of internal IT services from the Logistics & IT segment to 
Group Services. This reallocation affects only intra-group IT services. External IT services remain within the 
Logistics & IT segment. Furthermore Diagnostics Group (Labor Team) was added to the Products & Care 
segment.
Basis of preparation (Adjustments & Eliminations)
Galenica adjusts its internal reporting compared with the reported IFRS results to enhance comparability by 
neutralising certain IFRS‑driven valuation effects that management considers to be outside operational 
performance. Under IFRS 16, lease contracts—particularly relevant due to Galenica’s extensive pharmacy 
network—significantly affect the balance sheet and the income statement. For management reporting, leases 
are treated as operating leases, with all lease expenses recognised evenly in operating costs, while 
depreciation, interest and the related tax effects are removed.
Following recent acquisitions, depreciation, amortisation and impairment arising from IFRS 3 purchase price 
allocations are excluded from operational performance metrics. This adjustment applies prospectively from 
the 2025 financial year.
Value changes of investments in associates or joint ventures are not disclosed in segment reporting, as they 
do not reflect normal operating activities and may distort period‑to‑period comparability.
Furthermore, defined benefit plans and long‑service awards resulted from IAS 19 are recognised at Group level.
These valuation differences are presented in the segment reporting under the column Adjustments & 
Eliminations.
Operating activities involve the sale of goods and services between the operating segments.
The operating result (EBIT) comprises all operating income generated and expenses incurred in the 
corresponding segments. Financial income and expenses as well as income taxes are reported at Group level 
only and not allocated to the segments. The assets and liabilities include all items of the statement of financial 
position that can be directly or reasonably allocated to a segment.
Sale of goods and services between the operating segments and resulting unrealised gains are eliminated in 
the Adjustments & Eliminations column. In addition, Adjustments & Eliminations include adjustments recorded 
on Group level which mainly consist of costs for IAS 19 from defined benefit plans and long-service awards.
Segment assets and liabilities include loans and current accounts held with respect to other segments. These 
positions are eliminated in the Adjustments & Eliminations column.
Products & Care
The Products & Care segment consists of the following business areas: «Pharmacies Omni-Channel», 
«Products & Brands», «Services & Production» and «Diagnostics».
The «Pharmacies Omni-Channel» business area provides offerings for patients, end customers, business 
customers and partners in the healthcare sector. This area includes both point-of-sale and mail-order 
operations. Galenica manages a network of locations, which is the largest pharmacy network in 
Switzerland. The company operates 381 owned pharmacies. Galenica's own pharmacies comprise the 
Amavita brand with 202 branches and the Sun Store brand with 86 branches. Galenica also operates a chain 
of 87 pharmacies in partnership with Coop under the Coop Vitality brand. Galenica's pharmacy network also 
covers the speciality pharmacy Mediservice in partnership with Redcare Pharmacy N.V., which is focused on 
563 
   
 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 241

[page 242]
medication for treatment of patients at home, 5 majority interests in pharmacies and 182 Winconcept partner 
pharmacies.
   
The «Products & Brands» and «Services & Production» business areas are dedicated to the development, 
marketing and sale of healthcare services and products through various Galenica distribution channels.
The «Diagnostics» business area provides a comprehensive range of services, including laboratory medicine, 
pathology and specialised personalised diagnostics.
Logistics & IT
The Logistics & IT segment comprises the two business areas «Wholesale» and «Logistics & IT Services». These 
provide services for all those involved in the healthcare sector – pharmacies, drugstores, doctors, hospitals 
and care homes, partners and suppliers. Their activities focus on optimising and further developing the 
logistics services and service offering as well as providing innovative solutions that promote digitalisation in 
the healthcare market.
«Wholesale» plays an important role in the pharmaceutical supply chain. As a pharmaceutical wholesaler, 
«Wholesale» ensures on-schedule delivery within short deadlines to pharmacies, drugstores, doctors, hospitals 
and care homes throughout Switzerland.
«Logistics & IT Services» offers pharmaceutical and healthcare companies a broad range of specialised pre-
wholesale services, from storage and distribution of products in Switzerland to debt collection. The companies 
of the «Logistics & IT Services» also offer solutions for the healthcare market. They operate comprehensive 
databases that provide additional knowledge for all service providers in the Swiss healthcare market and 
develop management solutions tailored specifically to the needs of the healthcare market. «Logistics & IT 
Services» is the leading provider of master data systems for Switzerland's entire healthcare market and 
publishes printed and electronic technical information on pharmaceutical products as well as complete 
management solutions for pharmacies.
Group Services
The activities included within Group Services mainly comprise Galenica's central operations, which include 
Group Management and centralised corporate functions such as Group internal IT services, Finance, Investor 
Relations, Insurance, Indirect procurement, Human Resources, Legal & Board Services, Communications and 
Transformation.
Corporate charges management fees to the group companies for the organisational and financial 
management services that it provides.
Operating segment information 2024
Operating segment information 2024 has been restated to the changed organisational and management 
structure and the internal financial reporting to the CODM.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 242

[page 243]
Operating segment information 2025
Operating segment information 2025
in thousand CHF
Products & 
Care Logistics & IT
Group 
Services
Adjustments 
& Eliminations
Galenica 
Group
Net sales 1,816,417 3,332,615 153,656 –1,167,066 4,135,621
– of which intersegmental net sales 113,629 906,845 146,592 –1,167,066 –
– of which net sales to third parties 1,702,788 2,425,770 7,063 – 4,135,621
Cost of goods –977,048 –3,026,028 – 1,012,760 –2,990,316
Personnel costs –397,149 –127,288 –89,004 3,124 –610,317
Share of profit from associates and joint ventures 7,731 223 –  -2,287
1)
5,667
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation 
(EBITDA) 197,365 75,832 20,740  54,844
2)
348,782
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment –22,192 –14,096 –22,824  -57,291
3)
–116,403
Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) 175,173 61,736 –2,084 –2,447 232,378
Interest income         1,126
Interest expense         –13,457
Other net financial result         2,323
Earnings before taxes (EBT)         222,371
Income taxes         –38,488
Profit from continuing operations         183,883
           
Assets 1,984,800 955,905 567,801  -211,366
4)
3,297,140
Investments in associates and joint ventures 149,427 271 – –1,809 147,888
Liabilities 397,978 548,298 1,036,720  -170,858
5)
1,812,138
           
Investments in property, plant and equipment 20,430 8,539 2,799 –  31,767
6)
Investments in intangible assets 2,863 9,563 17,098 –147  29,377
7)
           
Employees as at 31 December (FTE) 4,728 1,285 545 – 6,558
1) Including impairments of investments in associates of CHF -2.4 million
2) Including lease expense adjustment (IFRS 16) of CHF 57.1 million, impairments of investments in associates of CHF -2.4 million and effects of IAS 19 
from defined benefit plans and long-service awards of CHF 0.2 million
3) Including depreciation and impairment of right-of-use asset adjustment (IFRS 16) of CHF -54.2 million and depreciation and impairment of 
intangible asset adjustment resulted from IFRS 3 of CHF -3.2 million
4) Of which elimination of intercompany positions of CHF -426.8 million, considering right-of-use assets (IFRS 16) of CHF 236.8 million, intangible 
assets (IFRS 3) of CHF -3.2 million and other unallocated amounts of CHF -18.2 million
5) Of which elimination of intercompany positions of CHF -426.8 million, considering lease liabilities (IFRS 16) of CHF 242.6 million and other 
unallocated amounts of CHF 13.4 million
6) Of which non-cash investments of CHF 5.8 million
7) Of which non-cash investments of CHF 3.5 million
Geographic information 2025
in thousand CHF Switzerland
Other 
countries
Galenica 
Group
Net sales to third parties 4,084,732 50,889 4,135,621
Non-current assets 
1)
2,072,967 277 2,073,244
1) Without financial assets and deferred tax assets
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 243

[page 244]
Operating segment information 2024 (restated)
Operating segment information 2024 (restated)
in thousand CHF
Products & 
Care Logistics & IT
Group 
Services
Adjustments 
& Eliminations
Galenica 
Group
Net sales 1,700,226 3,180,457 140,222 –1,099,823 3,921,081
– of which Intersegmental net sales 107,763 858,138 133,922 –1,099,823 –
– of which net sales to third parties 1,592,462 2,322,319 6,301 – 3,921,081
Cost of goods –909,819 –2,891,227 – 957,806 –2,843,240
Personnel costs –378,146 –125,415 –82,499 3,335 –582,726
Share of profit from associates and joint ventures 6,035 –17 – 191 6,209
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation 
(EBITDA) 180,534 69,193 19,248  55,170
1)
324,144
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment –20,464 –15,393 –21,226  -52,695
2)
–109,778
Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) 160,070 53,800 –1,977 2,475 214,367
Interest income         2,017
Interest expense         –12,654
Other net financial result         10,868
Earnings before taxes (EBT)         214,597
Income taxes         –30,898
Profit from continuing operations         183,699
           
Assets 1,622,585 940,666 742,940  -235,293
3)
3,070,898
Investments in associates and joint ventures 147,633 122 – –2,669 145,087
Liabilities 341,481 543,611 830,684  -196,722
4)
1,519,053
           
Investments in property, plant and equipment 23,319 8,776 3,928 –  36,023
5)
Investments in intangible assets 1,388 17,061 18,444 –151  36,742
6)
           
Employees as at 31 December (FTE) 4,355 1,268 496 – 6,119
1) Including lease expense adjustment (IFRS 16) of CHF 55.7 million and effects of IAS 19 from defined benefit plans and long-service awards of CHF 
0.5 million
2) Including depreciation and impairment of right-of-use asset adjustment (IFRS 16) of CHF -52.9 million
3) Of which elimination of intercompany positions of CHF -445.1 million, considering right-of-use assets (IFRS 16) of CHF 228.8 million and other 
unallocated amounts of CHF -19.0 million
4) Of which elimination of intercompany positions of CHF -445.1 million, considering lease liabilities (IFRS 16) of CHF 234.6 million and other 
unallocated amounts of CHF 13.8 million
5) Of which non-cash investments of CHF 1.5 million
6) Of which non-cash investments of CHF 4.1 million
Geographic information 2024
in thousand CHF Switzerland
Other 
countries
Galenica 
Group
Net sales to third parties 3,874,423 46,658 3,921,081
Non-current assets 
1)
1,747,311 414 1,747,725
1) Without financial assets and deferred tax assets
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 244

[page 245]
4. Business combinations
Business combinations 2025
 On 9 September 2025, Galenica acquired 100% of the interests in the 
Swiss company Diagnostics Group GmbH. Diagnostics Group GmbH is the parent company of the Labor Team 
Group with its subsidiaries Labor Team Holding AG, Labor Team W AG, Labor Team (Liechtenstein) AG 
(Principality of Liechtenstein based), Haemoclot AG and Modern-Path SA. The group offers a comprehensive 
range of services from laboratory medicine and pathology to personalised special diagnostics.
Acquisition of Diagnostics Group GmbH.
The total purchase consideration amounted to CHF 238.4 million and was fully settled in cash. The fair value of 
the net identifiable assets amounts to CHF 112.1 million at the acquisition date. The goodwill of CHF 
130.2 million was allocated to the operating segment Products & Care. The goodwill corresponds to added 
value based on the acquirer-specific synergies expected to arise from the acquisition in expanding sale 
forces, synergies with pharmacies, pharma logistics and Home-Care-Services, procurement synergies and the 
know-how of the employees gained. Transaction costs amounted to CHF 1.1 million and were expensed in the 
consolidated statement of income. Remaining 20% of the shares of Modern-Path SA were retained by the 
previous owner. Non-controlling interests have been measured at the proportionate share of net identifiable 
assets. The remaining shareholders have a put option to sell their shares to Galenica which gives rise to a 
financial liability in the amount of CHF 4.2 million.
 
Galenica acquired 100% of the interests in pharmacies in various locations in 
Switzerland. Upon acquisition, the pharmacies were merged with Galenicare Ltd.
Acquisition of pharmacies. 
The total purchase consideration amounted to CHF 29.9 million, of which 29.2 million was settled in cash and 
CHF 0.7 million were recognised as deferred consideration. The fair value of the net identifiable assets 
amounts to CHF 10.3 million at the acquisition date. The goodwill of CHF 19.6 million was allocated to the 
operating segment Products & Care and corresponds to the added value of the pharmacies based on their 
locations and the know-how of the employees gained. Transaction costs were not material.
Business combinations
in thousand CHF
Diagnostics 
Group Pharmacies
2025
Total
2024
Total
Cash and cash equivalents 10,577 4,020 14,597 3,580
Trade receivables 8,774 3,609 12,383 3,367
Inventories 5,634 1,261 6,895 1,751
Property, plant and equipment 20,476 232 20,708 382
Right-of-use assets 12,779 4,083 16,862 4,376
Intangible assets 145,655 – 145,655 –
Financial assets 1,762 52 1,814 –
Other current and non-current assets 3,863 3,817 7,680 742
Trade payables –5,131 –1,262 –6,393 –1,593
Financial liabilities –41,785 – –41,785 –
Lease liabilities –12,779 –4,083 –16,862 –4,376
Net deferred tax liabilities –21,382 6 –21,376 95
Employee benefit liabilities –4,474 – –4,474 –
Other current and non-current liabilities –11,908 –1,470 –13,378 –1,915
Fair value of net assets 112,062 10,264 122,326 6,409
Goodwill 130,155 19,588 149,744 20,168
Non-controlling interests –3,860 – –3,860 –
Purchase consideration 238,357 29,853 268,210 26,577
Cash acquired –10,577 –4,020 –14,597 –3,580
Deferred consideration – –666 –666 –
Net cash flow from current business combinations 227,780 25,167 252,947 22,997
Payment of consideration due to previous business combinations     22,500 64
Net cash flow from business combinations     275,447 23,061
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 245

[page 246]
Pro forma figures for acquisitions made in 2025 for the full 2025 financial year
Since their inclusion in Galenica's scope of consolidation, the businesses acquired contributed net sales of CHF 
62.2 million and an operating result (EBIT) of CHF 5.9 million to the Group's results. If these acquisitions had 
occurred on 1 January 2025, they would have contributed additional net sales of CHF 87.1 million and 
increased EBIT by CHF 4.3 million.
Business combinations 2024
 Galenica acquired 100% of the interests in pharmacies in various locations in 
Switzerland. Upon acquisition, the pharmacies were merged with Galenicare Ltd.
Acquisition of pharmacies.
The total purchase consideration amounted to CHF 23.0 million and was fully settled in cash. The fair value of 
the net identifiable assets amounts to CHF 6.4 million at the acquisition date. The goodwill of CHF 20.2 million 
was allocated to the operating segment Products & Care and corresponds to the added value of the 
pharmacies based on their locations and the know-how of the employees gained. Transaction costs were not 
material.
Accounting principles business combinations
Subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures acquired during the reporting period are included in the 
financial statements as at the date when control, significant influence or joint control was obtained. 
Companies sold during the reporting period are included up to the date when control, significant 
influence or joint control was lost. The profit or loss on deconsolidation is recognised in operating 
income or other operating costs.
Contingent consideration is measured at fair value at the acquisition date and qualifies as a financial 
instrument. It is remeasured to fair value and any difference is recognised in other financial income or 
other financial expenses.
The difference arise from the acquisition of additional non-controlling interests in fully consolidated 
companies (purchase consideration less proportionate carrying amount of non-controlling interests) is 
considered to be an equity transaction and is thus taken directly to retained earnings in shareholders' 
equity.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 246

[page 247]
5. Net sales
Net sales 2025
Based on the changed organisational and management structure of Galenica, the internal reporting and 
disaggregation of net sales has been adjusted accordingly. Net sales information for the previous period has 
been restated to conform to the new presentation.
Net sales 2025
in thousand CHF Sale of goods
Sale of 
services
Total
net sales
Intersegmental
net sales
Total
net sales to 
third parties
of which
sale of goods
to third 
parties
of which
sale of 
services
to third 
parties
Pharmacies Omni-Channel 1,366,096 107,234 1,473,330 –16,110 1,457,220 1,366,084 91,135
Products & Brands 189,564 4,668 194,233 –92,439 101,794 97,467 4,327
Services & Production 114,627 5,248 119,875 –16,770 103,105 97,883 5,222
Diagnostics – 40,670 40,670 – 40,670 – 40,670
 Products & Care
1)
1,663,373 153,044 1,816,417 –113,629 1,702,788 1,561,434 141,354
Wholesale 3,246,020 9,275 3,255,295 –901,269 2,354,027 2,347,247 6,780
Logistics & IT Services 49 79,591 79,640 –7,897 71,743 90 71,653
 Logistics & IT
1)
3,246,068 86,547 3,332,615 –906,845 2,425,770 2,347,337 78,433
Group Services – 153,656 153,656 –146,592 7,063 – 7,063
 Eliminations
2)
–1,000,670 –166,396 –1,167,066 1,167,066 – – –
Galenica Group 3,908,771 226,850 4,135,621 – 4,135,621 3,908,771 226,850
1) Including eliminations of intercompany net sales
2) Eliminations of intersegmental net sales
Net sales 2024 (restated)
Net sales 2024 (restated)
in thousand CHF Sale of goods
Sale of 
services
Total
net sales
Intersegmental
net sales
Total
net sales to 
third parties
of which
sale of goods
to third 
parties
of which
sale of 
services
to third 
parties
Pharmacies Omni-Channel 1,302,713 101,608 1,404,321 –12,774 1,391,547 1,302,705 88,842
Products & Brands 188,462 1,732 190,194 –89,728 100,466 98,943 1,523
Services & Production 110,381 4,858 115,239 –14,791 100,449 95,629 4,820
 Products & Care
1)
1,595,357 104,869 1,700,226 –107,763 1,592,462 1,497,277 95,185
Wholesale 3,095,583 9,640 3,105,223 –853,435 2,251,789 2,244,698 7,090
Logistics & IT Services 128 77,368 77,496 –6,966 70,530 168 70,362
 Logistics & IT
1)
3,095,711 84,745 3,180,457 –858,138 2,322,319 2,244,866 77,453
Group Services – 140,222 140,222 –133,922 6,301 – 6,301
 Eliminations
2)
–948,925 –150,897 –1,099,823 1,099,823 – – –
Galenica Group 3,742,143 178,938 3,921,081 – 3,921,081 3,742,143 178,938
1) Including eliminations of intercompany net sales
2) Eliminations of intersegmental net sales
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 247

[page 248]
Accounting principles net sales
Net sales represent revenue from contracts with customers from the sale of goods or services. Revenue 
is recognised in the amount that reflects the consideration to which Galenica expects to be entitled 
when the promised goods or services are transferred to customers.
Where invoices are issued, payment terms in Switzerland usually range between 10 and 30 days, for 
both goods and services.
Sale of goods
For retail pharmacy sales, revenue is recognised at the point in time when the customer takes 
possession of the products at the point-of-sale and for wholesale transactions upon shipment of the 
products to the customer.
Galenica has determined that its customer loyalty programs represent separate performance 
obligations to which revenue is allocated based on relative stand-alone selling prices, which considers 
historical redemption patterns. Revenue is deferred and recognised when the award credits are 
redeemed, which is typically 2 to 4 months after the sale of the initial products. At the end of each 
period, unredeemed credits are reflected as contract liabilities and included in trade and other 
payables in the consolidated statement of financial position.
Refund liabilities from contracts with customers are estimated based on actual sales volumes for the 
financial year and refund percentages as agreed with customers. These liabilities are usually settled in 
the subsequent financial year. Revenue from gift cards purchased by customers is deferred as contract 
liabilities until goods or services are transferred, which is typically within 12 months after the sale of the 
gift card. Any amounts not expected to be redeemed are recognised based on historical redemption 
patterns.
Customer returns are not material.
Sale of services
Revenue from services includes logistics services, healthcare and consultation services, diagnostic 
services, the processing and sale of information and IT services as well as other contractually agreed 
services.
In the business area "Pharmacies Omni-Channel" sale of services mainly includes healthcare services 
and consultations sales. In the business area "Diagnostics" sale of services mainly includes diagnostic 
services. Depending on the service the performance obligations are either satisfied over time or at a 
point in time (i.e. when consultation or diagnostic service took place).
In the business area "Logistics & IT Services" sale of services mainly includes pre-wholesale services and 
group external IT services and in the business area "Wholesale" sale of service mainly includes various 
logistic services. Depending on the service the performance obligations are either satisfied over time or 
at a point in time (i.e. when volumes are handled).
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 248

[page 249]
6. Other income
Other income
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Income from own work capitalised 10,216 9,491
Rental income from operating leases 467 551
Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment 351 3,308
Other operating income 3,242 2,872
Other income 14,277 16,223
7. Personnel costs
Personnel costs
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Salaries and wages 499,050 476,846
Social security costs and pension expenses 71,315 68,459
Other personnel costs 39,953 37,422
Personnel costs 610,317 582,726
     
Average number of employees (FTE) 6,503 6,090
Social security costs and pension expenses contain expenses for defined benefit plans of CHF 35.1 million 
(previous year: expenses of CHF 33.9 million) (refer to ). Salaries and wages includes expenses for 
share-based payments of CHF 7.4 million (previous year: CHF 6.0 million) (refer to ).
note 23
note 28
8. Other operating costs
Other operating costs
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Maintenance and repairs 40,745 32,857
Transport and shipping costs 50,341 44,116
Other operating and production costs 18,131 21,420
Rental and other lease expenses 
1)
12,241 10,510
Administration costs 44,725 50,375
Marketing and sales costs 37,834 32,538
Non-income taxes 2,008 1,579
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 125 6
Other operating costs 206,150 193,402
1) Of which other lease expenses (incidental expenses) of CHF 5.0 million (previous year: CHF 3.9 million)
Research and development
During the reporting period, expenses for research and development totalling CHF 8.3 million were recognised 
directly in other operating costs (previous year: CHF 14.0 million).
 
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 249

[page 250]
9. Financial result
Financial result
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Interest income 1,018 1,619
Net interest income from employee benefit plans 108 398
Net remeasurement of change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities 4,257 10,600
Other financial income 143 337
Net gain on foreign exchange 105 425
Financial income 5,632 13,379
     
Interest expense 10,596 9,538
Interest expense on lease liabilities 2,860 3,116
Other financial costs 2,183 494
Financial expenses 15,639 13,148
     
Net financial result 10,008 –230
10. Earnings per share
Number of outstanding shares
  2025 2024
Total number of shares 50,000,000 50,000,000
Average number of treasury shares –154,450 –157,074
Average number of outstanding shares 49,845,550 49,842,926
Effect from share-based payments 41,487 43,301
Theoretical average number of outstanding shares (diluted) 49,887,037 49,886,227
Earnings per share
  2025 2024
Earnings per share    
Net profit – attributable to shareholders of Galenica Ltd. (in thousand CHF) 181,099 182,951
Earnings per share (in CHF) 3.63 3.67
Diluted earnings per share (in CHF) 3.63 3.67
Earnings per share from continuing operations    
Profit from continuing operations - attributable to shareholders of Galenica Ltd. (in thousand CHF) 182,705 183,031
Earnings per share from continuing operations (in CHF) 3.67 3.67
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (in CHF) 3.66 3.67
Earnings per share from discontinued operations    
Profit from discontinued operations - attributable to shareholders of Galenica Ltd. (in thousand CHF) –1,607 –80
Earnings per share from discontinued operations (in CHF) –0.03 –
Diluted earnings per share from discontinued operations (in CHF) –0.03 –
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 250

[page 251]
11. Income taxes
Income taxes
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Current income taxes 35,384 33,732
Income taxes of prior periods 751 –1,419
Deferred income taxes 2,352 –1,415
Income taxes from continuing operations 38,488 30,898
Income taxes related to discontinued operations –414 –21
Total income taxes 38,074 30,877
Tax reconciliation
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Earnings before taxes from continuing operations 222,371 214,597
Earnings before taxes from discontinued operations –2,021 –101
Earnings before income taxes 220,349 214,496
Weighted income tax rate in % of accounting profit 18.0% 18.3%
Expected income taxes 39,554 39,290
Effects of changes in tax rates 17 373
Effects of unrecognised losses in the current year 32 72
Realisation of unrecognised tax losses of prior periods –8 –43
Recognition of tax losses of prior periods – –390
Remeasurement contingent consideration liabilities from business combinations (not taxable) –873 –2,173
Effects of changes in investments (write-down/reversal of write down) –690 –7,122
Income taxes of prior periods 751 –1,419
Other items –710 2,289
Effective income taxes 38,074 30,877
Effective income tax rate in % of accounting profit 17.3% 14.4%
– of which income taxes attributable to continuing operations (reported in the statement of income) 38,488 30,898
– effective income tax rate attributable to continuing operations in % of EBT 17.3% 14.4%
– of which income taxes attributable to discontinued operations –414 –21
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 251

[page 252]
Deferred taxes
      2025   2024
in thousand CHF
Deferred tax 
assets
Deferred tax 
liabilities
Net carrying 
amount
Deferred tax 
assets
Deferred tax 
liabilities
Net carrying 
amount
Current assets 4,081 –27,449 –23,368 3,871 –26,686 –22,815
Property, plant and equipment 10 –2,853 –2,843 24 –2,122 –2,098
Right-of-use assets – –39,931 –39,931 – –38,835 –38,835
Intangible assets 2,147 –46,413 –44,266 2,909 –25,561 –22,652
Investments – – – – –690 –690
Financial assets – –1,013 –1,013 – –2,025 –2,025
Lease liabilities 41,114 – 41,114 39,988 – 39,988
Provisions – –272 –272 – –737 –737
Employee benefit plans 2,978 – 2,978 3,155 – 3,155
Other temporary differences 389 –550 –160 641 –1,823 –1,182
Shareholders' equity 718 – 718 614 – 614
Deferred taxes due to temporary differences 51,438 –118,481 –67,043 51,203 –98,480 –47,277
Tax loss carryforwards 622 – 622 5,098 – 5,098
Gross deferred taxes 52,060 –118,481 –66,422 56,301 –98,480 –42,179
Netting of assets and liabilities –47,324 47,324   –51,837 51,837  
Net deferred taxes 4,735 –71,157   4,464 –46,643  
Analysis of net deferred taxes
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
1 January –42,179 –64,515
Recognised as income taxes in profit or loss    
– Change in temporary differences 2,154 –1,826
– Fiscal realisation of recognised tax loss carryforwards –4,352 –563
– Tax loss carryforwards taken into account for the first time –82 4,178
– Tax loss carryforwards no longer taken into account –56 –
– Effects of changes in tax rates –17 –373
Recognised in other comprehensive income –748 20,728
Recognised in shareholders' equity (related to share-based payments) 242 71
Addition to scope of consolidation –21,376 95
Translation differences –8 27
31 December –66,422 –42,179
Temporary differences on which no deferred taxes have been recognised
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Investments in subsidiaries 387,501 337,862
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 252

[page 253]
Tax loss carryforwards and tax credits
    2025   2024
in thousand CHF
Tax loss 
carryforwards / 
tax credits Tax effect
Tax loss 
carryforwards / 
tax credits Tax effect
Tax loss carryforwards and tax credits 3,330 727 28,805 5,116
– of which capitalised as deferred tax assets –2,703 –622 –5,007 –1,122
– of which netted with deferred tax liabilities – – –23,666 –3,976
Unrecognised tax loss carryforwards and tax credits 627 105 132 18
Of which expire:        
– within 1 year – – – –
– in 2 to 5 years 46 6 – –
– in more than 5 years 581 99 132 18
OECD Pillar Two model rules
The OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) addresses tax challenges from 
the digital economy, introducing the Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules (Pillar Two), applicable to 
multinational enterprises (MNEs) with revenues over EUR 750 million. Galenica is within the scope of the OECD 
Pillar Two model rules. Galenica applies the mandatory exception to recognising and disclosing information 
about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes, as provided in the amendments to 
IAS 12 issued in May 2023.
The Pillar Two model rules were adopted in Switzerland at the end of 2023 and are applicable starting from 1 
January 2024. According to these rules, Galenica is considered a multinational enterprise to which the Pillar 
Two rules shall be applied. At the same time, Pillar Two legislation has been enacted or substantively enacted 
in several other jurisdictions in which the Group operates effective for the financial year beginning 1 January 
2024.
Galenica has performed an assessment and reporting of its potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes 
based on the 2024 country-by-country reporting and 2025 financial information for the constituent entities in 
the Group. The Pillar Two effective tax rates in all of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates is above 15%.
Galenica continues to monitor legislative developments related to Pillar Two in Switzerland and other relevant 
jurisdictions to assess any potential future impact on its consolidated financial position, performance and cash 
flows.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 253

[page 254]
12. Trade and other receivables
Trade and other receivables
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Trade receivables 471,003 468,568
Bad debt allowances –9,817 –8,286
Other receivables 65,590 39,717
Trade and other receivables 526,776 499,999
Change in bad debt allowances for trade receivables
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
1 January –8,286 –16,044
Addition –5,815 –1,743
Use 671 7,460
Reversal 3,612 2,042
Translation differences 1 –1
31 December –9,817 –8,286
Maturity profile of trade receivables
      2025     2024
in thousand CHF
Gross trade
receivables
Bad debt
allowances
Net trade
receivables
Gross trade
receivables
Bad debt
allowances
Net trade
receivables
Not past due 360,178 –4,434 355,744 403,591 –3,596 399,995
Past due:            
– 1 to 30 days 87,796 –1,152 86,644 46,149 –1,016 45,133
– 31 to 60 days 10,932 –624 10,308 7,192 –831 6,361
– 61 to 90 days 4,780 –591 4,189 2,466 –791 1,675
– more than 90 days 7,317 –3,015 4,302 9,170 –2,052 7,118
Total 471,003 –9,817 461,186 468,568 –8,286 460,282
Accounting principles trade and other receivables
Trade receivables are initially measured at the transaction price determined in accordance with IFRS 
15. Other receivables are carried at original invoice value. Allowances for uncollectable amounts are 
estimated based on expected credit losses, using life-time expected credit losses for trade receivables 
(simplified approach).
Any impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss in other operating costs.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 254

[page 255]
13. Inventories
Inventories
      2025     2024
in thousand CHF  
Raw material 
and 
merchandise
1)
 
Semi-finished 
and finished 
goods
2)
Total 
inventories  
Raw material 
and 
merchandise
1)
 
Semi-finished 
and finished 
goods
2)
Total 
inventories
Gross carrying amount as at 1 January 371,881 10,969 382,850 366,064 9,550 375,614
Change in inventories 16,975 298 17,272 4,056 1,407 5,463
Addition to scope of consolidation 1,766 5,129 6,895 1,751 – 1,751
Translation differences –23 –6 –29 10 12 22
Gross carrying amount as at 31 December 390,598 16,389 406,988 371,881 10,969 382,850
             
Allowance as at 1 January –17,860 –1,935 –19,795 –17,006 –1,512 –18,518
Addition –4,710 –74 –4,784 –3,821 –672 –4,493
Reversal / use 2,608 382 2,989 2,971 252 3,223
Translation differences 3 – 3 –3 –3 –6
Allowance as at 31 December –19,958 –1,628 –21,586 –17,860 –1,935 –19,795
             
Net carrying amount as at 31 December 370,640 14,761 385,401 354,021 9,034 363,055
1) Including prepayments to suppliers
2) Including consumables / auxiliary material
Accounting principles inventories
The weighted average method is primarily used to determine cost for raw materials and merchandise. 
Semi-finished and finished goods are carried at the lower of cost of direct materials and labour and 
net realisable value. 
Inventory allowances are recognised on inventories for slow moving items and excess stock.
Cost of goods mainly include costs of goods and merchandise from the operating segments Products 
& Care and Logistics & IT. Price discounts, rebates or supplier discounts and other payments received 
from suppliers that are not payment for distinct goods or services provided by Galenica and thus on 
the purchase of goods are directly deducted from cost of goods.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 255

[page 256]
14. Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment
in thousand CHF Real estate
Assets under 
construction
Warehouse 
equipment
Furniture, 
fittings
Other 
property, 
plant and 
equipment
Total 
property, 
plant and 
equipment
Net carrying amount as at 31.12.2023 168,019 3,129 39,996 25,156 23,402 259,702
Addition 16,007 2,654 5,578 6,507 5,277 36,023
Disposal –714 – –63 –24 –235 –1,037
Reclassification 772 –1,375 392 – 212 –
Depreciation –16,341 – –6,096 –5,377 –9,580 –37,394
Addition to scope of consolidation – – – 359 23 382
Net carrying amount as at 31.12.2024 167,743 4,408 39,807 26,620 19,098 257,676
Addition 11,430 5,792 5,513 5,877 3,156 31,767
Disposal – – – – –281 –281
Reclassification 1,626 –2,449 115 114 529 –65
Depreciation –15,351 – –6,476 –5,455 –8,104 –35,385
Addition to scope of consolidation 386 240 – 175 19,907 20,708
Net carrying amount as at 31.12.2025 165,834 7,990 38,959 27,331 34,305 274,420
             
Overview as at 31.12.2024            
Cost 357,799 4,408 122,524 125,266 67,806 677,802
Accumulated depreciation and impairment –190,056 – –82,716 –98,645 –48,708 –420,126
Net carrying amount as at 31.12.2024 167,743 4,408 39,807 26,620 19,098 257,676
             
Overview as at 31.12.2025            
Cost 368,558 7,990 127,721 128,642 75,152 708,063
Accumulated depreciation and impairment –202,724 – –88,762 –101,310 –40,847 –433,643
Net carrying amount as at 31.12.2025 165,834 7,990 38,959 27,331 34,305 274,420
Accounting principles property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment. 
Depreciation is charged on a straight-line basis over the assets' useful lives as follows:
  Years
Land unlimited
Buildings 10 – 50
Warehouse equipment 5 – 15
Manufacturing equipment 5 – 15
Furniture, fittings 5 – 10
IT equipment 3 – 10
Vehicles 3 – 10
Other property, plant and equipment consists of manufacturing equipment, IT equipment and vehicles.
When items of property, plant and equipment are sold or derecognised, gains are recognised in other 
income and losses in other operating costs.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 256

[page 257]
15. Leases
Right-of-use assets
in thousand CHF Real estate
Other
right of-use 
assets
Total
right-of-use 
assets
Net carrying amount as at 31.12.2023 229,366 217 229,583
Addition 19,055 88 19,143
Reassessment of existing lease contracts 28,905 –7 28,898
Depreciation –52,718 –117 –52,834
Impairment –98 – –98
Reversal of impairment 49 – 49
Addition to scope of consolidation 4,376 – 4,376
Translation differences – 1 1
Net carrying amount as at 31.12.2024 228,936 182 229,118
Addition 4,791 368 5,159
Reassessment of existing lease contracts 40,159 –5 40,155
Depreciation –53,823 –197 –54,020
Impairment –206 – –206
Addition to scope of consolidation 15,534 1,328 16,862
Translation differences – –1 –1
Net carrying amount as at 31.12.2025 235,392 1,674 237,066
Lease liabilities
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Net carrying amount as at 1 January 235,887 236,041
Addition 5,159 19,143
Reassessment of existing lease contracts 40,155 28,902
Interest expense on lease liabilities 2,860 3,116
Repayment of lease liabilities (including interest) –56,924 –55,691
Addition to scope of consolidation 16,862 4,376
Translation differences –1 1
Net carrying amount as at 31 December 243,998 235,887
– of which current lease liabilities 55,311 52,693
– of which non-current lease liabilities 188,687 183,195
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 257

[page 258]
Leases recognised in profit or loss
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Rental income from operating leases (included in other income) 467 551
Short-term lease expense (included in other operating costs) –1,326 –1,494
Low-value lease expense (included in other operating costs) –1,340 –731
Variable lease expense (included in other operating costs) –4,593 –4,339
Depreciation of right-of-use assets –54,020 –52,834
Impairment of right-of-use assets –206 –98
Reversal of impairment of right-of-use assets – 49
Interest expense on lease liabilities –2,860 –3,116
The total cash outflow for leases including short-term leases, leases of low-value-assets and variable lease 
expenses was CHF 64.2 million (previous year: CHF 62.3 million).
Maturity profile of undiscounted lease liabilities
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Up to 3 months 14,615 13,922
In 3 to 12 months 43,139 41,317
In 2 years 52,691 49,867
In 3 years 44,335 40,933
In 4 to 5 years 57,175 56,091
In 6 to 10 years 35,847 38,745
In more than 10 years 4,833 4,520
Total future cash flows from undiscounted lease liabilities 252,636 245,395
Possible future cash outflows related to extension options in an amount of CHF 206.0 million (previous year: 
CHF 213.8 million) are not included in lease liabilities because it is not reasonably certain that these options will 
be exercised.
The cash outflows for variable lease expenses in 2026 is expected to be similar to the amount recognised in 
2025.
Galenica has entered into various lease contracts that have not yet commenced as at 31 December 2025. The 
future lease payments for these non-cancellable lease contracts amount to CHF 36.5 million (previous year: 
CHF 40.1 million).
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 258

[page 259]
Accounting principles leases
Galenica has lease contracts for furniture, vehicles and a large number of contracts for real estate, 
mainly store locations, which include fixed rental payments and variable sales-based components. The 
significant majority of these lease contracts concerns locations of the pharmacies in the operating 
segment Products & Care.
Galenica determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any 
periods covered by an option to extend the lease if it is reasonably certain at inception of the contract 
to be exercised. Galenica has the option, under some of its leases, to lease the assets for additional 
terms of several (three, five or more) years. Galenica applies judgement in evaluating whether it is 
reasonably certain to exercise the option to renew. In doing so, Galenica considers all relevant factors 
including economic incentives. Galenica reassesses the lease term if there is a significant event or 
change in circumstances that is within its control and affects its ability to exercise, or not to exercise, 
the option to renew (e.g. a change in business strategy of the underlying asset).
Galenica uses the recognition exemptions for lease contracts that have a lease term of 12 months or 
less and do not contain a purchase option (short-term leases), and lease contracts for which the 
underlying asset is of low value (low-value assets).
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 259

[page 260]
16. Intangible assets
Intangible assets 
in thousand CHF
Intangible 
assets with 
finite useful 
lives 
1)
Trademarks 
with indefinite 
useful lives Software Goodwill
Total 
intangible 
assets
Net carrying amount as at 31.12.2023 8,332 91,660 107,204 871,307 1,078,503
Addition 392 – 36,350 – 36,742
Disposal – – –74 – –74
Amortisation –2,677 – –16,824 – –19,501
Addition to scope of consolidation – – – 20,168 20,168
Translation differences 6 – – – 6
Net carrying amount as at 31.12.2024 6,054 91,660 126,656 891,475 1,115,844
Addition 905 – 28,472 – 29,377
Disposal – – –21 – –21
Reclassification – – 65 – 65
Amortisation –5,272 – –21,520 – –26,792
Addition to scope of consolidation 140,478 – 5,177 149,744 295,398
Translation differences –2 – – – –2
Net carrying amount as at 31.12.2025 142,162 91,660 138,828 1,041,218 1,413,869
           
Overview as at 31.12.2024          
Cost 23,260 91,660 202,484 891,475 1,208,879
Accumulated amortisation and impairment –17,206 – –75,829 – –93,035
Net carrying amount as at 31.12.2024 6,054 91,660 126,656 891,475 1,115,844
           
Overview as at 31.12.2025          
Cost 164,638 91,660 196,274 1,041,218 1,493,791
Accumulated amortisation and impairment –22,476 – –57,446 – –79,922
Net carrying amount as at 31.12.2025 142,162 91,660 138,828 1,041,218 1,413,869
1) Including trademarks, patents, licences and customer relationships
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 260

[page 261]
Trademarks with indefinite useful lives
This position includes trademarks that are well known nationally and internationally and actively advertised. 
These acquired trademarks are regarded as having indefinite useful lives for the following reasons: they were 
created many years ago, they do not expire, and the products sold under the trademarks have a history of 
strong revenue and cash flow performance. Galenica intends and has the ability to support the trademarks to 
maintain their values for the foreseeable future.
For impairment testing purposes the trademarks have been allocated to the cash-generating units Verfora, 
Padma and Spagyros in the operating segment Products & Care. The recoverable amount is determined on 
the basis of future discounted cash flows. Cash flows beyond the three-year planning period are based on the 
growth rates and discount rates before tax set out below, as approved in medium-term planning by 
management:
Trademarks with indefinite useful lives
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Carrying amount 91,660 91,660
Growth rate 0.7% 1.2%
Pre-tax discount rate 6.8% 7.2%
According to the results of impairment testing for 2025 and 2024 using value in use calculations, no impairment 
was necessary. Galenica performed a sensitivity analysis taking into account reasonable changes in the 
assumptions used to calculate the discounted cash flows, such as higher discount rates, lower EBIT margins or 
lower perpetual growth rates. The sensitivity analysis for 2025 and 2024 did not reveal that a reasonable 
possible change in assumption would lead to an impairment.
Goodwill
Goodwill
    2025   2024
in thousand CHF
Carrying 
amount Growth rate
Pre-tax
discount rate
Carrying 
amount Growth rate
Pre-tax
discount rate
Products & Care 955,671 0.7% 6.8% 805,928 1.2% 7.2%
Logistics & IT 85,547 0.7% 6.8% 85,547 1.2% 7.2%
Total 1,041,218     891,475    
According to the results of impairment testing for 2025 and 2024 using value in use calculations, no impairment 
was necessary. Galenica performed a sensitivity analysis taking into account reasonable changes in the 
assumptions used to calculate the discounted cash flows, such as higher discount rates, lower EBIT margins or 
lower perpetual growth rates. The sensitivity analysis for 2025 and 2024 did not reveal that a reasonable 
possible change in assumption would lead to an impairment.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 261

[page 262]
Accounting principles intangible assets
Intangible assets include acquired trademarks, patents, licences, customer relationships, purchased or 
internally developed software and other assets without physical substance. These items are measured 
at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment.
Expenditure on internally developed software is capitalised when the capitalisation criteria are met 
and future economic benefits from use or sale of the software are expected. Software that is not yet 
available for use is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if there are indications of 
impairment.
Amortisation is charged on a straight-line basis over the estimated economic or legal useful life, 
whichever is shorter as follows:
  Years
Trademarks, patents, licences, customer relationships 5 – 20
Software 2 – 15
The amortisation period and the amortisation method are reviewed at least at each financial year-
end.
With the exception of trademarks in the business area Products & Brands, all intangible assets are 
assessed as having a finite useful life. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortised but 
tested for impairment annually in the fourth quarter of the year, or more frequently if there are 
indications of impairment.
Goodwill is allocated to the cash-generating unit (CGU) or group of CGUs that are expected to benefit 
from a business combination. Management monitors goodwill at operating segment level.
Goodwill is tested for impairment annually in the fourth quarter of the year, or more frequently if there 
are indications of impairment. The impairment test is based on the discounted cash flow method. The 
WACC is used to determine the applicable pre-tax discount rate. The recoverable amount (higher of 
fair value less costs of disposal and value in use) of each CGU is determined on the basis of the 
medium-term plans for the next three years approved by management. Cash flows beyond the three-
year planning period are extrapolated using a perpetual growth rate. If the recoverable amount is 
lower than the carrying amount, the carrying amount is reduced to the recoverable amount by 
recording an impairment charge.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 262

[page 263]
17. Investments in associates and joint ventures
Investments in associates
Investments in associates
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Net carrying amount as at 1 January 112,729 112,969
Share of profit from associates  -1,997
1)
257
Remeasurement of net defined benefit plans from associates 791 405
Investments 2,081 2,071
Dividends received –4,933 –2,973
Net carrying amount as at 31 December 108,669 112,729
1) Including a revaluation loss of CHF -2.4 million
Mediservice is the only significant associate of Galenica. Mediservice as specialty pharmacy offers a range of 
services for chronic and rare disease. Furthermore, Mediservice operates the pure online pharmacy Redcare-
apotheke.ch and is registered in Zuchwil, Switzerland. Galenica owns 49% of the share capital and voting 
rights, Redcare Pharmacy N.V., Netherlands owns 51% of the share capital and voting rights.
Condensed financial information of Mediservice
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Current assets 74,541 80,601
Non-current assets 200,905 200,737
Current liabilities 64,229 59,752
Non-current liabilities 4,688 7,269
Equity before appropriation of earnings 206,529 214,317
Operating income 528,651 471,376
EBIT 511 1,655
Net profit 598 1,632
Remeasurement of net defined benefit plans recognised in other comprehensive income 1,614 826
The net carrying amount of the investment in Mediservice is CHF 101.2 million as at 31 December 2025 (previous 
year: CHF 105.0 million). Unrealised profits on inventory are not considered in these amounts.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 263

[page 264]
Investments in joint ventures
Investments in joint ventures
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Net carrying amount as at 1 January 32,358 31,016
Share of profit from joint ventures 7,664 5,951
Remeasurement of net defined benefit plans from joint ventures 5 95
Disposal –73 –
Dividends received –735 –4,704
Net carrying amount as at 31 December 39,219 32,358
Coop Vitality is the only significant joint venture of Galenica. Coop Vitality is registered in Bern, Switzerland. 
Galenica owns 49% of the share capital and voting rights, Coop Cooperative owns 51% of the share capital 
and voting rights.
In case Coop Vitality was overindebted, Galenica has an unlimited obligation, in proportion to its equity 
interest, to restructure the company. At the reporting date, this joint venture is not overindebted.
Condensed financial information of Coop Vitality
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Current assets 48,019 46,860
Non-current assets 109,102 104,643
– of which right-of-use assets 40,157 38,314
Current liabilities 40,871 51,101
– of which current lease liabilities 9,917 9,727
Non-current liabilities 36,961 35,487
– of which non-current lease liabilities 30,747 29,351
Equity before appropriation of earnings 79,290 64,915
Operating income 310,766 293,095
EBIT 19,979 16,324
Net profit 15,864 12,644
Remeasurement of net defined benefit plans recognised in other comprehensive income 11 194
The net carrying amount of the investment in Coop Vitality is CHF 38.9 million as at 31 December 2025 (previous 
year: CHF 31.8 million). Unrealised profits on inventory are not considered in these amounts.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 264

[page 265]
18. Financial assets
Financial assets
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Loans 8,498 13,845
Rental deposits 5,515 5,248
Other financial assets 776 780
Loans and other financial assets 14,789 19,873
Equity instruments at fair value through profit or loss 2,116 2,515
Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income 132,359 264,541
Financial assets 149,264 286,929
Accounting principles financial assets
Non-current financial assets comprise loans, time deposits with a term to maturity of more than twelve 
months, rental deposits, equity instruments and derivative financial instruments with a positive fair 
value and a residual term to maturity of more than twelve months. Other than the derivatives 
measured at fair value through profit or loss, the financial assets are held to collect contractual cash 
flows comprising solely principal and interest payments and are therefore measured at amortised cost 
subsequent to initial recognition. Any credit losses on financial assets recognised represent 12 month 
expected losses and are estimated based on the credit risk of the counterparty. Any impairment is 
recognised in financial expenses.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 265

[page 266]
19. Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Loans 12,440 24,503
Liabilities to pension funds 15,087 14,365
Bonds 769,288 519,811
Contingent consideration liabilities from business combinations 4,150 30,907
Other financial liabilities 16,001 8,506
Financial liabilities 816,965 598,093
– of which current financial liabilities 215,422 58,385
– of which non-current financial liabilities 601,543 539,708
Bonds
in thousand CHF ISIN Nominal Coupon 2025 2024
Straight Bond (15 June 2017 - 15 December 2026) CH0367206700 180,000 1.00% 180,039 180,080
Straight Bond (8 May 2023 - 8 November 2029) CH1255924453 240,000 2.35% 239,832 239,791
Straight Bond (30 April 2024 - 30 April 2031) CH1331113634 100,000 1.65% 99,949 99,940
Straight Bond (9 December 2025 - 9 December 2032) CH1494626398 250,000 1.08% 249,467 –
Bonds   770,000   769,288 519,811
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 266

[page 267]
Cash flow from financial liabilities and lease liabilities 2025
in thousand CHF 01.01.2025
Proceeds 
from financial 
liabilities
Repayment 
of financial 
liabilities
Addition to 
scope of 
consolidation
Other 
changes 31.12.2025
Bank loans – 280,000 –321,750 41,750 – –
Loans 24,503 1,129 –13,193 – – 12,440
Liabilities to pension funds 14,365 823 –101 – – 15,087
Private placement (notes) – 50,000 –50,000 – – –
Bonds 519,811 249,463 – – 14 769,288
Contingent consideration liabilities from 
business combinations 30,907 – – – –26,757 4,150
Other financial liabilities 8,506 – –35 35 7,495 16,001
Financial liabilities 598,093 581,415 –385,079 41,785 –19,248 816,965
Lease liabilities 235,887 – –54,064 16,862 45,312 243,998
Financial liabilities and lease liabilities 833,980 581,415 –439,143 58,647 26,064 1,060,963
Cash flow from financial liabilities and lease liabilities 2024
in thousand CHF 01.01.2024
Proceeds 
from financial 
liabilities
Repayment 
of financial 
liabilities
Addition to 
scope of 
consolidation
Other 
changes 31.12.2024
Bank loans 30,000 160,000 –190,000 – – –
Loans 28,053 1,150 –4,810 – 110 24,503
Mortgages 1,229 – –1,229 – – –
Liabilities to pension funds 10,708 3,560 – – 97 14,365
Private placement (notes) – 45,000 –45,000 – – –
Bonds 419,871 99,934 – – 6 519,811
Contingent consideration liabilities from 
business combinations 41,507 – – – –10,600 30,907
Other financial liabilities 7,431 – – – 1,075 8,506
Financial liabilities 538,799 309,645 –241,039 – –9,312 598,093
Lease liabilities 236,041 – –52,576 4,376 48,046 235,887
Financial liabilities and lease liabilities 774,841 309,645 –293,615 4,376 38,733 833,980
20. Trade and other payables
Trade and other payables
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Trade payables 462,066 418,274
Contract liabilities 10,968 10,381
Other payables 26,632 26,693
Trade and other payables 499,667 455,348
Contract liabilities are generally recognised in revenue within 12 months.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 267

[page 268]
21. Provisions
Provisions
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
1 January 5,256 5,558
Addition 1,557 654
Use –380 –760
Reversal –3,020 –372
Addition to scope of consolidation 3,837 176
31 December 7,250 5,256
– of which current provisions 6,782 4,983
– of which non-current provisions 468 273
Provisions are recognised for the estimated cost on damage, contractual liabilities, customer complaints, 
litigation risk and ongoing legal proceedings.
22. Contingent liabilities and commitments
Galenica is subject to a variety of risks. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks regarding product 
liability, patent law, tax law, competition laws and anti-trust laws. A number of Group companies are currently 
involved in administrative proceedings, legal disputes and investigations relating to their business activities. 
The results of ongoing proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Management has established 
appropriate provisions for any expenses likely to be incurred. These projections, however, are also subject to 
uncertainty. Galenica does not expect the results of these proceedings to have a significant impact on the 
financial statements.
Galenica entered into various obligations regarding the purchase of services, goods and equipment as part of 
its ordinary business operations.
Galenica signed purchase agreements to acquire property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 
totalling CHF 10.3 million (previous year: CHF 15.9 million). The payments under these purchase commitments 
become due in 2026.
Furthermore, there are guarantees of CHF 11.8 million (previous year: CHF 12.4 million) and subordinated loans 
of CHF 1.2 million (previous year: CHF 1.1 million) to third parties. 
There are no unusual pending transactions or risks to be disclosed.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 268

[page 269]
23. Employee benefit plans
The vast majority of the Galenica employees work in Switzerland and participate in the Galenica Pension 
Fund, which is financed by the employers and the employees. This plan is legally separate from Galenica and 
qualifies as a defined benefit plan. The pension plan covers the risks of the economic consequences of old 
age, disability and death in accordance with the Swiss Federal Occupational Retirement, Survivors and 
Disability Pension Plans Act (BVG/LPP). The pension plan is structured in the legal form of a foundation. All 
actuarial risks are borne by the foundation and regularly assessed by the Board of Trustees based on an 
annual actuarial appraisal prepared in accordance with BVG/LPP. The company's liabilities are limited to 
contributions that are based on a percentage of the insured salary under the Swiss law. Only in cases of a 
funded status that is significantly below a funded status of 100% as per the BVG/LPP law can Galenica be 
required to pay additional contributions. The calculations made in these appraisals do not apply the 
projected unit credit method required by IFRS Accounting Standards. If the calculations made in accordance 
with the provisions of BVG/LPP reveal a funded status of less than 100%, suitable restructuring measures need 
to be introduced. The Board of Trustees consists of employee and employer representatives.
The defined benefit plan is funded. Plan assets are managed separately from Galenica's assets by the 
independent pension fund.
The most recent actuarial valuation was prepared as at 31 December 2025. The pension fund assets are 
invested in accordance with local investment guidelines. Galenica pays its contributions to the pension fund in 
accordance with the regulations defined by the fund.
The final funded status pursuant to BVG/LPP is not available until the first quarter of the subsequent year. The 
projected funded status as at  for Galenica Pension Fund is 118.8% (unaudited) and as at 
 117.6% (final).
31 December 2025
31 December 2024
Defined benefit plans and long-service awards
      2025     2024
in thousand CHF
Defined 
benefit plans
Long-service 
awards 
1)
Total
Defined 
benefit plans
Long-service 
awards 
1)
Total
Plan assets measured at fair value 1,346,671 – 1,346,671 1,228,826 – 1,228,826
Present value of defined benefit obligation –1,238,613 –13,843 –1,252,456 –1,188,654 –13,680 –1,202,334
Surplus / (deficit) 108,058 –13,843 94,215 40,172 –13,680 26,492
Effect of asset ceiling –111,559 – –111,559 –44,022 – –44,022
Net carrying amount recognised in employee 
benefit assets / liabilities –3,501 –13,843 –17,344 –3,850 –13,680 –17,530
of which recognised in liabilities –3,501 –13,843 –17,344 –3,850 –13,680 –17,530
1) Long-service awards relate to provisions for jubilee payments
Change in present value of defined benefit obligation
      2025     2024
in thousand CHF
Defined 
benefit plans
Long-service 
awards Total
Defined 
benefit plans
Long-service 
awards Total
1 January –1,188,654 –13,680 –1,202,334 –1,079,958 –14,290 –1,094,248
Current service cost –34,108 –1,503 –35,611 –32,761 –1,756 –34,517
Past service cost – – – –95 – –95
Interest on defined benefit obligation –11,040 –125 –11,165 –14,752 –184 –14,937
Actuarial gain/(loss) 32,782 424 33,206 –55,377 1,023 –54,354
Employee contributions –22,941 – –22,941 –22,027 – –22,027
Benefits/awards paid 24,277 1,425 25,702 16,315 1,527 17,842
Change in scope of consolidation –38,929 –385 –39,314 – – –
31 December –1,238,613 –13,843 –1,252,456 –1,188,654 –13,680 –1,202,334
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 269

[page 270]
Change in fair value of plan assets
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
1 January 1,228,826 1,101,802
Interest on plan assets 11,691 15,423
Remeasurement gain/(loss) 38,615 73,340
Employee contributions 22,941 22,027
Employer contributions 35,032 33,586
Net benefits paid –24,277 –16,315
Administration cost –997 –1,036
Change in scope of consolidation 34,840 –
31 December 1,346,671 1,228,826
Net defined benefit cost
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Current service cost 34,108 32,761
Past service cost – 95
Net interest on net defined benefit liability –233 –582
Administration cost 997 1,036
Net defined benefit cost 34,872 33,310
Remeasurement of net defined benefit assets / liabilities
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Actuarial gain/(loss) due to:    
– Changes in demographic assumptions – 24,399
– Changes in financial assumptions 48,275 –54,261
– Experience adjustments –15,493 –25,515
Remeasurement of plan assets 38,615 73,340
Effect in the change of asset ceiling –67,119 –37,587
Remeasurement of net defined benefit liabilities recognised in other comprehensive income 4,278 –19,624
Change in assumption and in estimate
The experience adjustments of minus CHF 15.5 million (previous year: minus CHF 25.5 million) were the result of 
various elements not expected in the prior year mainly the additional interest rate in 2025 on the defined 
benefit plans, additional onetime pension payments and the overall development of the population and other 
items as calculated by the external actuary.
The increase of the discount rate from 0.95% to 1.30% (previous year: decrease from 1.40% to 0.95%) resulted in 
a decrease of the defined benefit obligation of CHF 48.3 million (previous year: increase of CHF 54.3 million).
In the previous year, Galenica conducted a review of actuarial valuation parameters, including employee 
turnover rates. Based on observed historical patterns, turnover rates were adjusted to approximately 120% of 
the BVG 2020 tables for the retail business and 110% for the non-retail business. These adjustments resulted in 
a decrease of the defined benefit obligation by CHF 24.4 million, which was recognised in other 
comprehensive income in 2024.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 270

[page 271]
Asset ceiling
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
1 January –44,022 –6,346
Interest income –418 –89
Change in the asset ceiling (recognised in other comprehensive income) –67,119 –37,587
31 December –111,559 –44,022
Investment structure of plan assets
in thousand CHF   2025   2024
Cash and cash equivalents 4,334 0.3% 9,514 0.8%
Debt instruments 273,339 20.3% 269,158 21.9%
Equity instruments 557,947 41.4% 524,226 42.7%
Real estate 323,269 24.0% 276,572 22.5%
Other investments 187,782 13.9% 149,356 12.2%
Fair value of plan assets 1,346,671 100.0% 1,228,826 100.0%
Current return on plan assets   4.0%   8.1%
The Board of Trustees is responsible for investing the plan assets. It defines the investment strategy and 
determines the long-term target asset structure (investment policy), taking into account the legal 
requirements, objectives set, the benefit obligations and the foundations' risk capacity. The Board of Trustees 
delegates implementation of the investment policy in accordance with the investment strategy to an 
investment committee, which also comprises trustees from the Board of Trustees and a general manager. Plan 
assets are managed by external asset managers in line with the investment strategy.
Cash and cash equivalents are deposited with financial institutions with a credit rating of A or above.
Debt instruments (e.g. bonds) have a credit rating of at least BBB and quoted prices in active markets (level 1 
of the fair value hierarchy). They can be investments in funds and direct investments.
Equity instruments are investments in equity funds. These generally have quoted prices in active markets (level 
1 of the fair value hierarchy).
Real estate relates to both residential property and offices. These can be investments in quoted real estate 
funds (level 1 of the fair value hierarchy) or direct investments (level 3 of the fair value hierarchy). If real estate is 
held directly, it is valued by an independent expert.
Other investments consist of hedge funds, insurance linked securities (ILS), infrastructures, senior loans, private 
equity and receivables. There are receivables from Group companies amounted to CHF 13.6 million (previous 
year: CHF 12.9 million). Investments in hedge funds are classified as alternative investments. They are primarily 
used for risk management purposes. In most cases, quoted prices in an active market are not available for 
hedge funds investments (level 2 or level 3 of the fair value hierarchy).
The use of derivative financial instruments is only permitted if sufficient liquidity or underlying investments are 
available. Leverage and short selling are not permitted.
The pension funds manage the assets of 6,269 active members (previous year: 5,900) and 1,071 pensioners 
(previous year: 1,036).
Galenica does not use any pension fund assets.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 271

[page 272]
Basis for measurement
  2025 2024
Discount rate 1.30% 0.95%
Salary development 1.90% 2.10%
Pension development 0.00% 0.00%
Mortality (mortality tables) BVG 2020 GT (CMI), 1.5% BVG 2020 GT (CMI), 1.5%
Turnover BVG 2020 (110% –120%) BVG 2020 (110% –120%)
Sensitivity analysis
The discount rate, future salary development and mortality were identified as key actuarial assumptions. 
Changes in these assumptions would affect the defined benefit obligation (DBO) as follows:
Sensitivity analysis
    2025   2024
in thousand CHF
Variations in 
assumptions
Impact on 
DBO
Variations in 
assumptions
Impact on 
DBO
Discount rate +0.25% –35,881 +0.25% –36,871
  -0.25% 38,397 -0.25% 39,257
Salary development +0.25% 2,477 +0.25% 3,581
  -0.25% –2,477 -0.25% –2,400
Mortality +1 year 29,417 +1 year 30,837
  -1 year –30,617 -1 year –30,837
The sensitivity analysis assumes potential changes in the above parameters as at year end. Every change in a 
key actuarial assumption is analysed separately. Interdependencies were not taken into account.
The pension obligations have an average duration of 14.2 years (previous year: 14.7 years).
Cash outflows for pension payments and other obligations can be budgeted reliably. The benefit plans collect 
regular contribution payments. Furthermore, the investment strategies safeguard liquidity at all times.
The employer contributions to the pension fund are estimated at CHF 36.7 million for 2026.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 272

[page 273]
24. Shareholders' equity
24.1 Share capital and number of shares
Galenica has fully paid-up share capital of CHF 5,000,000, divided into 50,000,000 publicly listed shares with 
a par value of CHF 0.10 each, as at the reporting date. All shares have the same capital rights with the 
exception of the treasury shares which do not generate any dividends. Voting rights and restrictions on voting 
rights are described in detail in Galenica's Annual Report 2025 in the chapter Corporate Governance 
(unaudited).
Number of shares
 
Total shares
Galenica Ltd.
Treasury 
shares
Outstanding 
shares
Balance as at 31.12.2023 50,000,000 –167,820 49,832,180
Transactions with treasury shares – –5,159 –5,159
Balance as at 31.12.2024 50,000,000 –172,979 49,827,021
Transactions with treasury shares – –2,637 –2,637
Balance as at 31.12.2025 50,000,000 –175,616 49,824,384
The treasury shares are reserved for share-based payments to employees.
24.2 Changes in consolidated shareholder's equity
On 10 April 2025, the Annual General Meeting approved a dividend payment of CHF 114.7 million for the 
financial year 2024 (previous year: CHF 109.7 million), corresponding to CHF 2.30 per registered share (previous 
year: CHF 2.20). For this purpose, CHF 1.15 was taken from the reserves from capital contributions (previous 
year: CHF 1.10) and CHF 1.15 from retained earnings (previous year: CHF 1.10) of Galenica Ltd. The dividend was 
paid out to the shareholders on .16 April 2025
In the reporting period, 161,623 treasury shares (previous year: 131,964 treasury shares) were bought at an 
average price of CHF 86.67 (previous year: CHF 73.53) and 158,986 treasury shares (previous year: 
) were issued as share-based payments.126,805 treasury shares
The expense for share-based payment transactions, allocated over the vesting period, has been recognised 
in personnel costs and accrued in consolidated shareholders' equity.
The remaining shareholders of acquisitions completed in 2022 and 2025 hold put options to sell their shares to 
Galenica, which gives rise to a financial liability. Changes in the carrying amount of this financial liability 
reduced consolidated shareholders’ equity by CHF 4.8 million (previous year: CHF 1.2 million). In the previous 
year the acquisition of non-controlling interests reduced consolidated shareholders' equity by CHF 0.5 million.
The Board of Directors will submit a proposal to the Annual General Meeting on 21 April 2026 to pay a dividend 
of CHF 2.50 per share entitled to receive dividend for the financial year 2025. For this purpose, CHF 1.25 is to be 
taken from the reserves from capital contributions and CHF 1.25 from the retained earnings. However, no 
dividend will be paid on treasury shares. Based on the number of treasury shares as at 31 December 2025, the 
total dividend would amount to CHF 124.6 million.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 273

[page 274]
25. Financial instruments
25.1 Categories of financial instruments
Carrying amounts of financial instruments 2025
in thousand CHF
Financial 
assets at 
amortised 
costs
Financial 
assets at fair 
value through 
OCI
Financial 
liabilities at 
fair value 
through profit 
or loss
Financial 
liabilities at 
amortised 
costs Total
Cash and cash equivalents 115,507 – – – 115,507
Trade and other receivables 526,776 – – – 526,776
Financial assets  16,905
1)
132,359 – – 149,264
Current financial liabilities – – 4,150 211,272 215,422
Current lease liabilities – – – 55,311 55,311
Trade and other payables – – – 488,698 488,698
Non-current financial liabilities – – –  601,543
2)
601,543
Non-current lease liabilities – – – 188,687 188,687
Total 659,188 132,359 4,150 1,545,511  
1) Of which CHF 2.1 million are in connection to equity instruments which are designated as financial asset at fair value through profit or loss
2) Of which CHF 10.3 million are in connection to put options for non-controlling interests. Changes in the liability amount are recognised in equity
Carrying amounts of financial instruments 2024
in thousand CHF
Financial 
assets at 
amortised 
costs
Financial 
assets at fair 
value through 
OCI
Financial 
liabilities at 
fair value 
through profit 
or loss
Financial 
liabilities at 
amortised 
costs Total
Cash and cash equivalents 129,682 – – – 129,682
Trade and other receivables 499,999 – – – 499,999
Financial assets  22,388
1)
264,541 – – 286,929
Current financial liabilities – – 18,500 39,885 58,385
Current lease liabilities – – – 52,693 52,693
Trade and other payables – – – 444,967 444,967
Non-current financial liabilities – – 12,407  527,300
2)
539,708
Non-current lease liabilities – – – 183,195 183,195
Total 652,069 264,541 30,907 1,248,039  
1) Of which CHF 2.5 million are in connection to equity instruments which are designated as financial asset at fair value through profit or loss
2) Of which CHF 5.5 million are in connection to put options for non-controlling interests. Changes in the liability amount are recognised in equity
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 274

[page 275]
Net gain/(loss) on financial instruments 2025
in thousand CHF
Financial 
assets at 
amortised 
costs
Financial 
assets at fair 
value through 
OCI
Financial 
liabilities at 
fair value 
through profit 
or loss
Financial 
liabilities at 
amortised 
costs Total
Change in fair value – – 4,257 – 4,257
Net gain/(loss) on foreign exchange –760 – – 866 105
Other financial result 143 – – –52 91
Interest income 863 – – – 863
Interest expense – – – –10,596 –10,596
Interest expense on lease liabilities – – – –2,860 –2,860
Interest income on impaired trade receivables 155 – – – 155
Expected credit losses –2,202 – – – –2,202
Impairment on financial assets –2,131 – – – –2,131
Net gain/(loss) recognised in profit or loss –3,932 – 4,257 –12,643 –12,318
 Net gain/(loss) recognised in other comprehensive income
1)
– –137,014 – – –137,014
1) Other comprehensive income includes changes in value of strategic investments (publicly and non-publicly traded equity instruments)
Net gain/(loss) on financial instruments 2024
in thousand CHF
Financial 
assets at 
amortised 
costs
Financial 
assets at fair 
value through 
OCI
Financial 
liabilities at 
fair value 
through profit 
or loss
Financial 
liabilities at 
amortised 
costs Total
Change in fair value – – 10,600 – 10,600
Net gain/(loss) on foreign exchange 357 – – 69 425
Other financial result 337 – – –42 295
Interest income 1,407 – – – 1,407
Interest expense – – – –9,538 –9,538
Interest expense on lease liabilities – – – –3,116 –3,116
Interest income on impaired trade receivables 212 – – – 212
Expected credit losses 337 – – – 337
Impairment on financial assets –452 – – – –452
Net gain/(loss) recognised in profit or loss 2,198 – 10,600 –12,628 170
 Net gain/(loss) recognised in other comprehensive income
1)
– 2,408 – – 2,408
1) Other comprehensive income includes changes in value of strategic investments (publicly and non-publicly traded equity instruments)
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 275

[page 276]
Accounting principles financial instruments (measurement and categories)
Galenica distinguishes between the following types of financial assets and financial liabilities:
Financial assets at amortised cost
This category includes trade and other receivables as well as loans and other financial assets such as 
rental deposits. These financial assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the 
effective interest rate method less expected credit losses. Galenica uses the simplified approach to 
determine its bad debt allowances for trade receivables using lifetime expected credit losses. 
Expenses for expected credit losses comprise the change in bad debt allowance and receivables 
directly written off.
Uncollectible loans and receivables are only derecognised if a certificate of loss has been issued.
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income includes equity 
instruments which were irrevocably classified to be strategic in nature.
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Financial liabilities classified as at fair value through profit or loss correspond to contingent 
consideration liabilities from business combinations.
Financial liabilities at amortised costs
Financial liabilities mainly comprise trade and other payables as well as financial liabilities and bonds 
and are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method.
Put options granted to non-controlling interests to sell their shares to Galenica as part of a business 
combination represent a contractual obligation to purchase non-controlling interests and give rise to a 
financial liability if the option does not provide Galenica with a present ownership interest in the shares 
concerned. This liability is measured at the redemption amount as if the put option had been exercised 
at the balance sheet date. Galenica accounts for changes in the carrying amount of this financial 
liability as an equity transaction.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 276

[page 277]
25.2 Fair value measurement
Fair value
    2025   2024
in thousand CHF
Carrying 
amount Fair value
Carrying 
amount Fair value
Bond (level 1 of the fair value hierarchy) 769,288 785,520 519,811 541,600
With the exception of the bond the carrying amounts of all financial instruments approximate to their fair 
value or fair value disclosure is not required (lease liabilities).
As at 31 December 2025 Galenica holds equity instruments designated at fair value through other 
comprehensive income including a 10.4% (previous year: 10.3%) investment in the listed (level 1 of the fair value 
hierarchy) company Redcare Pharmacy N.V., Netherlands, with a fair value of CHF 131.0 million (previous year: 
CHF 261.4 million) and other investment in non-listed (level 3 of the fair value hierarchy) companies with a fair 
value of CHF 1.3 million (previous Year: CHF 3.2 million). These investments were irrevocably designated at fair 
value through other comprehensive income as Galenica considers these investments to be strategic in nature. 
Galenica recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income a remeasurement loss of 
 (previous year: gain of ).CHF 137.0 million CHF 2.4 million
Fair value of financial instruments (level 3 of the fair value hierarchy)
Fair value of contingent consideration liabilities from business combinations (level 3 of the fair value hierarchy)
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
1 January 30,907 41,507
Change in fair value (recognised in profit or loss) –4,257 –10,600
Payments (cash out) –22,500 –
31 December 4,150 30,907
Fair value changes of contingent consideration liabilities from business combinations are recognised in profit 
or loss (financial result) for the relevant reporting period.
Fair value of equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (level 3 of the fair value hierarchy)
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
1 January 3,181 3,928
Addition – 935
Change in fair value (recognised in other comprehensive income) –1,851 –1,682
31 December 1,330 3,181
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 277

[page 278]
Fair value and sensitivity analysis of contingent consideration liabilities from discontinued operations
Determining the contingent consideration liability in connection with the sale of Mediservice forecasted gross 
margin of the discontinued operation was identified as key assumptions. During the current financial year, a 
post-transaction review was conducted together with Mediservice’s strategic partners. As a result of this 
review, the original contractual arrangement relating to the contingent consideration was amended, in 
particular by extending its duration. Consequently, the contingent consideration liability related to 
discontinued operations was increased by CHF 2.0 million. Accordingly Galenica has recorded the amount of 
CHF 5.1 million (previous year CHF 3.0 million) as other liability in the consolidated statement of financial 
position. The future cash outflows range between zero and CHF 5.1 million.
Sensitivity analysis of contingent consideration liabilities from business combinations (level 3 of the fair 
value hierarchy)
An initial tranche of the contingent consideration liability arising from the business combination of Bahnhof 
Apotheke Langnau was settled during financial year 2025 with an amount of CHF 9.0 million. The remaining 
tranche is contingent upon the net sales achieved by the acquired business in the years 2026 and 2027. 
Galenica has recorded no amount as contingent consideration liability based on assumed probability-
adjusted net sales. The possible future cash outflows range between zero and CHF 20.0 million. An increase of 
20% in the expected net sales of the acquired business 2026 and 2027 would increase the contingent 
consideration liability by CHF 5.0 million. In return, a decrease of the expected net sales 2026 and 2027 would 
not have any impact on the assessment of the contingent consideration liability.
The contingent consideration liabilities arising from the business combinations of Lifestage Solutions and 
Padma were fully settled during the financial year 2025 for CHF 9.5 million and CHF 4.0 million respectively.
 
In addition, the contingent consideration liability related to the acquisition of Aquantic was settled on 30 
January 2026 for CHF 4.2 million.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 278

[page 279]
26. Financial risk management
Galenica is exposed to various financial risks and liquidity requirements. Galenica's financing and financial risk 
management activities are centralised in Group Treasury, which manages financial exposures of Galenica on 
account of changes in interest rates, currency risks, credit risks and liquidity in a manner that is consistent with 
underlying business risks and in line with the treasury policy approved by the Board of Directors as well as 
internal guidelines on cash and liability management. In addition, capital management of Galenica is also 
mainly exercised and monitored at Group level.
It is Galenica's policy not to enter into any speculative financial arrangements and to ensure matching 
maturities. Together, the risk management and monitoring measures described below are designed to limit 
negative impact on the financial statements.
26.1 Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk management
The aim of liquidity risk management is to provide sufficient cash to meet Galenica's financial liabilities on time 
while maintaining the flexibility to take advantage of market opportunities and optimum investment 
conditions. Group Treasury is responsible for raising current and non-current loans as well as for decisions on 
investments. Apart from financing operations, Galenica's credit standing enables it to borrow funds at an 
advantageous rate. To ensure that Galenica can meet its payment obligations in good time, liquidity is 
monitored centrally. Group Treasury monitors the cash flows using rolling liquidity planning. This takes into 
account the maturities of the financial instruments as well as the cash flows from operating activities.
Maturity profile of financial liabilities 2025
in thousand CHF
Carrying 
amount
Total 
undiscounted 
cash flows
up to 3 
months
3 to 12 
months 1 to 5 years
Maturities 
more than 5 
years
Trade and other payables 488,698 488,698 488,698 – – –
Current financial liabilities 35,383 35,383 28,702 6,681 – –
Current lease liabilities 55,311 57,754 14,615 43,139 – –
Non-current financial liabilities 12,295 12,465 – – 12,465 –
Bonds 769,288 823,160 – 191,790 274,320 357,050
Non-current lease liabilities 188,687 194,881 – – 154,201 40,680
Total 1,549,661 1,612,341 532,015 241,610 440,986 397,730
Maturity profile of financial liabilities 2024
in thousand CHF
Carrying 
amount
Total 
undiscounted 
cash flows
up to 3 
months
3 to 12 
months 1 to 5 years
Maturities 
more than 5 
years
Trade and other payables 444,967 444,967 444,967 – – –
Current financial liabilities 58,385 58,388 56,068 2,320 – –
Current lease liabilities 52,693 55,239 13,922 41,317 – –
Non-current financial liabilities 19,896 20,154 – – 20,154 –
Bonds 519,811 563,350 – 9,090 452,610 101,650
Non-current lease liabilities 183,195 190,156 – – 146,891 43,265
Total 1,278,946 1,332,254 514,956 52,728 619,655 144,915
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 279

[page 280]
26.2 Credit risk
Credit risk management
Credit risk arise when a customer or a third party fails to meet its contractual obligations and causes Galenica 
a financial loss. Credit risk are minimised and monitored by restricting business relations to known, reliable 
partners.
Corporate policy ensures that credit checks are performed for customers who are supplied on credit. Trade 
receivables are subject to active risk management procedures. They are continually monitored and credit risk 
is reviewed in the process of reporting to management. Allowances for expected credit losses are made in 
accordance with uniform guidelines on the measurement of outstanding receivables.
In addition, credit risk arise in relation to financial assets, comprising cash and cash equivalents, securities and 
loans. The creditworthiness of the counterparties is regularly monitored and reported to management.
Financial assets subject to credit risk
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Cash and cash equivalents (without cash on hand) 113,852 128,055
Trade and other receivables 526,776 499,999
Loans and other financial assets 14,789 19,873
Financial assets subject to credit risk 655,418 647,927
The financial assets subject to credit risk are primarily receivables.
Galenica applies internal risk management guidelines to identify concentrations of credit risk.
Galenica's financial assets are not exposed to a concentration of credit risk.
Trade receivables past due are analysed on an ongoing basis. These receivables are accounted for using 
individual bad debt allowances, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the 
economic environment. Based on past experience, Galenica considers the creditworthiness of non-past due 
trade receivables to be good.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 280

[page 281]
27. Capital management
The capital of Galenica is managed and monitored at Group level. The objective of capital management at 
Galenica is to ensure the continuity of operations, increase enterprise value on a sustainable basis, provide an 
adequate return to investors, provide the financial resources to enable investments in areas that deliver future 
benefits for patients and customers and further returns to investors.
Galenica defines the capital that it manages as invested interest-bearing liabilities and equity. Galenica uses 
a system of financial control based on various key performance indicators. Capital is monitored based on the 
gearing, for example, which expresses net debt as a percentage of shareholders' equity including non-
controlling interests and is communicated regularly to management as part of internal reporting.
Net debt, shareholders' equity and gearing are shown in the table below.
Net debt, shareholder's equity and gearing
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
 Current financial liabilities
1)
207,566 38,868
Current lease liabilities 55,311 52,693
 Non-current financial liabilities
1)
589,248 519,811
Non-current lease liabilities 188,687 183,195
Cash and cash equivalents –115,507 –129,682
Interest-bearing receivables –6,500 –4,899
Net debt 918,806 659,986
     
Equity attributable to shareholders of Galenica Ltd. 1,481,901 1,548,694
Non-controlling interests 3,100 3,150
Shareholders' equity 1,485,002 1,551,844
     
Gearing 61.9% 42.5%
1) Excluding non-interest-bearing financial liabilities
Galenica has no covenants requiring a minimum level of equity, nor is Galenica subject to any externally 
regulated capital requirements as seen in the financial services sector.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 281

[page 282]
28. Share-based payments
Remuneration for members of the Board of Directors
The members of the Board of Directors receive fixed annual remuneration and can choose whether to receive 
it in full or in part (50%) in shares of Galenica Ltd. The amount settled in shares is paid out with a discount of 
25%. The shares may not be traded for the first five years.
The fair value of the shares granted is equivalent to the amount to be paid out in shares plus the discount 
.of 25%
Share plan for members of senior management
According to the participation plan, members of senior management receive their performance-related bonus 
partly in cash and partly in shares of Galenica Ltd. The proportion of cash to shares is set out in the regulations 
and is based on the salary grade of the recipient. In addition, all members of senior management are obliged 
to hold a number of shares of Galenica. The amount to be settled in shares is paid out in the form of shares of 
Galenica Ltd. with a discount of 25%. The shares may not be traded for the first five years.
The fair value of the shares granted is equivalent to the amount to be paid out in shares plus the discount 
.of 25%
Long-term incentive plan (LTI)
Members of the Corporate Executive Committee of Galenica and certain members of senior management 
participate in a LTI plan for the allocation of performance share units. The number of these performance share 
units is based on the extent to which defined long-term performance targets such as the Galenica Economic 
Profit and the relative total shareholders return (TSR) are attained. TSR is measured as a percentile ranking 
against a peer group of relevant companies. A LTI plan always runs for a vesting period of three years. At the 
beginning of each financial year a new LTI plan with a new vesting period of three years is issued. At the start 
of the vesting period a defined number of performance share units are individually allocated. The number of 
performance share units allocated is dependent on the defined percentage of the annual salary incorporated 
into the LTI plan as well as the effective share price at the time of the allocation. At the end of the vesting 
period performance share units are paid out to eligible beneficiaries in the form of shares of Galenica Ltd.
16,846 performance share units (previous year: 16,780 performance share units) were granted to beneficiaries 
at a fair value of CHF 73.50 (previous year: CHF 69.05) at the beginning of the reporting period for the 
2025  .LTI plan
Employee share plan
Employees of Galenica are entitled to buy a fixed number of shares of Galenica Ltd. at a preferential price. All 
employees who, at the time of the purchase offer, are not under notice and have an employment contract of 
unlimited duration are entitled to acquire shares.
The purchase price for the shares is calculated at the time of the purchase offer based on the average price 
for the previous month less a 30% discount. The price discount is borne by the employer. The shares may not 
be traded for the first three years.
In the reporting period, employees purchased 76,121 shares of Galenica Ltd. (previous year: 65,248 shares) at a 
price of CHF 61.75 (previous year: CHF 52.70). This includes a discount of CHF 26.43 (previous year: CHF 23.00) 
per share.
Share-based payment expense
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Remuneration for members of the Board of Directors 1,760 1,387
Share plan for members of senior management 2,530 2,040
Long-term incentive plan (LTI) 1,100 1,036
Employee share plan 2,012 1,501
Total 7,402 5,963
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 282

[page 283]
29. Related party transactions
Related parties include all joint ventures, associates, pension funds, members of the Board of Directors and 
members of the Corporate Executive Committee.
Related party transactions
The transactions shown in the table below under joint ventures largely concern transactions with Coop Vitality 
and those under associates mainly concern transactions with Mediservice.  All transactions are realised at 
market-based prices. The invoice payment for the sale of goods and services are due within 30 days and is 
payable in CHF.
Related party transactions
    2025   2024
in thousand CHF
Joint
ventures Associates
Joint
ventures Associates
Sale of goods 191,672 27,596 181,119 25,581
Income from services 8,461 1,340 7,589 1,560
Other income 19 13 18 –
Purchase of goods 14 198 283 9
Other operating costs 29 31,156 25 9,519
Financial income 157 27 249 1
Financial expenses 108 30 71 187
         
Receivables and loans 12,997 20,544 22,069 14,977
Trade payables and loans 5,954 7,669 5,863 20,357
The financial liabilities to pension funds amounted to CHF 15.1 million (previous year: CHF 14.3 million).
Remuneration of the Board of Directors and the Corporate Executive Committee
Remuneration of the Board of Directors and the Corporate Executive Committee
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Remuneration 4,507 4,226
Social security costs and pension expenses 1,170 1,102
Share-based payments 2,871 2,184
Total 8,548 7,512
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 283

[page 284]
30. Subsequent events
The following transactions occurred between 31 December 2025 and 5 March 2026, the date on which the 
consolidated financial statements 2025 were released for publication.
 Galenica acquired 100% of the interests in pharmacies at various locations in 
Switzerland.
Acquisition of pharmacies.
The purchase consideration was CHF 12.1 million and the fair value of the provisional net assets resulting from 
these additions was estimated at CHF 1.9 million at the acquisition date. Since the transactions were 
concluded shortly before the consolidated financial statements were issued, no further information was 
available to disclose the additional information required by IFRS Accounting Standards.
Furthermore Galenica signed purchase agreements after 31 December 2025 to acquire 100% of the interests in 
pharmacies at various locations in Switzerland. The net assets of these acquisitions will be consolidated 
beginning from the date control is obtained, which will be after 5 March 2026. The total purchase 
considerations are estimated to CHF 4.7 million and are due with the closing of the transactions. Since the 
transactions have not yet been concluded, it is not possible to disclose the additional information required by 
IFRS Accounting Standards.
 On 5 January 2026, Galenica acquired an additional 32.91% of the shares in 
puravita AG, which had previously been accounted for as an investment in an associate. As a result of this 
transaction, Galenica obtained control over puravita AG and will therefore include puravita AG in its 
consolidated financial statements. The purchase consideration was CHF 3.4 million and the fair value of the 
provisional net assets resulting from these additions was estimated at CHF 2.4 million at the acquisition date. 
Since the transaction was concluded shortly before the consolidated financial statements were issued, no 
further information was available to disclose the additional details required under IFRS Accounting Standards.
Acquisition of puravita AG.
 On 24 February 2026, and after a process of carefully evaluating 
several strategic alternatives, Galenica announced the intention to discontinue Bichsel’s production division 
by the end of 2026 at the latest for economic reasons and focus on its home care operations. As a result of the 
planned production closure, Galenica expects up to 170 jobs in production and sales at Bichsel to be affected 
by the end of 2026 at the latest. The consultation process has been initiated and is not finished on the date of 
release of the financial statement. In the event of the closure of Bichsel’s production division, the Galenica 
Group expects one-off special costs of CHF 35–40 million, which will arise in particular in the first half of 2026, 
of which CHF 17-19 million is attributable to value adjustments to inventories, manufacturing plants and other 
tangible assets.
Discontinue of Bichsel’s production division.
There were no further significant events after the reporting date.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 284

[page 285]
31. Group companies
Group companies Products & Care
          2025 2024
Group companies Registered office
Method of 
consolidation Currency
Share 
capital in 
thousand
Equity 
interest
Equity 
interest
Products & Care            
Amavita Health Care Ltd. CH-Niederbipp full CHF 100 100% 100%
Bahnhof Apotheke Langnau AG CH-Langnau im Emmental full CHF 100 100% 100%
Bahnhof Apotheken Thun AG CH-Thun full CHF 200 50% 50%
Bichsel AG 
1)
CH-Interlaken full CHF 100 100% 100%
Coop Vitality AG CH-Bern at equity CHF 5,000 49% 49%
Coop Vitality Health Care GmbH 
1)
CH-Niederbipp at equity CHF 20 49% 49%
Coop Vitality Management AG CH-Bern at equity CHF 100 49% 49%
 curarex swiss AG 
1)2)
CH-Zuchwil - - - - 49%
Diagnostics Group LLC CH-Goldach full CHF 1,000 100% -
Dr. A.&L. Schmidgall GmbH & Co KG 
1)
AT-Vienna full EUR 145 100% 100%
Emeda Ltd. CH-Wangen-Brüttisellen at equity CHF 200 50% 50%
FARMACIA CHIASSESE FARMADOMO SA 
1)
CH-Chiasso at equity CHF 100 33% 33%
Farmadomo Home Care Provider SA CH-Bellinzona at equity CHF 100 33% 33%
GaleniCare Ltd. CH-Bern full CHF 700 100% 100%
GaleniCare Management Ltd. CH-Bern full CHF 500 100% 100%
G-Pharma AG CH-Niederbipp full CHF 100 100% 100%
Grosse Apotheke Dr. G. Bichsel AG 
1)
CH-Interlaken full CHF 200 100% 100%
Haemoclot AG 
1)
CH-Zürich full CHF 100 100% -
Hedoga AG CH-Villars-sur-Glâne full CHF 100 100% 100%
Laboratorium Dr. G. Bichsel AG 
1)
CH-Unterseen full CHF 200 100% 100%
Labor Team Holding Ltd. 
1)
CH-Goldach full CHF 100 100% -
labor team (liechtenstein) ag 
1)
LI-Schaan full CHF 50 100% -
labor team w ag 
1)
CH-Goldach full CHF 6,210 100% -
Lifestage Solutions Ltd. CH-Otelfingen full CHF 152 100% 100%
Medifilm Ltd. CH-Oensingen full CHF 1,300 100% 100%
medinform AG CH-Zürich full CHF 100 50% 50%
MediService Ltd. CH-Zuchwil at equity CHF 363 49% 49%
Modern-Path SA 
1)
CH-Montreux full CHF 100 80% -
MolecWise AG 
1)
CH-Goldach at equity CHF 200 40% -
PADMA Inc. CH-Wetzikon full CHF 152 100% 100%
Padma Aktiengesellschaft für tibetische 
Heilmittel 
1)
CH-Freienbach full CHF 100 100% 100%
PADMA EUROPE GmbH 
1)
AT-Vienna full EUR 35 100% 100%
PADMA Deutschland GmbH 
1)
DE-Gräfelfing full EUR 25 100% 100%
puravita AG CH-Speicher at equity CHF 189 47.09% 34.34%
Schmidgall GmbH 
1)
AT-Vienna full EUR 36 100% 100%
Spagyros Ltd. CH-Worb full CHF 860 100% 100%
Sun Store Health Care Ltd. CH-Niederbipp full CHF 100 100% 100%
SWISS PHARMA GmbH DE-Rülzheim full EUR 51 100% 100%
Verfora Ltd. CH-Villars-sur-Glâne full CHF 100 100% 100%
Winconcept Ltd. CH-Bern full CHF 100 100% 100%
Zentral Apotheke Heerbrugg AG CH-Au full CHF 100 100% 100%
1) Not directly held by Galenica Ltd.
2) The company was merged into MediService Ltd.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 285

[page 286]
Group companies Logistics & IT and Group Services
          2025 2024
Group companies Registered office
Method of 
consolidation Currency
Share 
capital in 
thousand
Equity 
interest
Equity 
interest
Logistics & IT            
1L Logistics Ltd. CH-Burgdorf full CHF 100 100% 100%
Alloga Ltd. CH-Burgdorf full CHF 8,332 100% 100%
Aquantic AG CH-Rheinfelden full CHF 100 100% 100%
Dauf SA 
1)
CH-Lugano full CHF 100 94.54% 94.54%
Galexis Ltd. CH-Niederbipp full CHF 25,000 100% 100%
HCI Solutions Ltd. CH-Bern full CHF 100 100% 100%
Health Supply Ltd. CH-Villmergen at equity CHF 100 40% 40%
Pharma-Info AG 
2)
CH-Biel - - - - 49%
PharmaBlist Ltd. 
1)
CH-Widnau full CHF 100 100% 100%
Pharmapool Ltd. 
1)
CH-Widnau full CHF 962 100% 100%
Unione Farmaceutica Distribuzione SA CH-Lugano full CHF 2,000 94.54% 94.54%
Group Services            
Galenica Finanz Ltd. CH-Bern full CHF 100 100% 100%
1) Not directly held by Galenica Ltd.
2) The company was sold in the second half of 2025
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 286

[page 287]
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 287

[page 288]
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 288

[page 289]
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group 289

[page 290]
Statement of income of  
Galenica Ltd. 291
Statement of financial position of  
Galenica Ltd. 292
Notes to the financial statements  
of Galenica Ltd. 293
Report of the statutory auditor 298
Financial statements 
2025 of Galenica Ltd.

[page 291]
Statement of income of Galenica Ltd.
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Income from investments 139,199 105,160
Financial income 47,259 22,218
Other income 174,740 159,426
Operating income 361,198 286,804
     
Personnel costs –89,682 –83,234
Financial expenses –95,300 –12,434
Depreciation and amortisation –22,777 –21,114
Other expenses –50,757 –44,466
Operating expenses –258,516 –161,248
     
Earnings before taxes 102,682 125,556
     
Direct taxes –1,061 –1,011
     
Net profit for the year 101,621 124,545
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Financial statements 2025 of Galenica Ltd. 291

[page 292]
Statement of financial position of Galenica Ltd.
in thousand CHF   2025   2024
Cash and cash equivalents   105   183
Other receivables        
– Third parties   1,215   7,051
– Group companies   532   1
Prepaid expenses and accrued income        
– Third parties   8,697   5,686
– Group companies   1,500   1,345
Current assets 0.7% 12,049 0.9% 14,266
         
Financial assets   211,472   262,067
Investments   1,366,693   1,101,488
Property, plant and equipment   8,242   9,792
Intangible assets   117,852   119,247
Non-current assets 99.3% 1,704,259 99.1% 1,492,594
         
Assets 100.0% 1,716,308 100.0% 1,506,860
         
Current interest-bearing liabilities   188,056   20,816
Other current liabilities        
– Third parties   17,191   11,759
– Group companies   46,501   56,743
Accrued expenses and deferred income        
– Third parties   17,332   13,252
– Group companies   -   740
Current liabilities 15.7% 269,080 6.9% 103,310
         
Non-current interest-bearing liabilities   590,000   520,000
Other non-current liabilities   2,014   14,422
Non-current liabilities 34.5% 592,014 35.5% 534,422
         
Liabilities 50.2% 861,094 42.3% 637,732
         
Share capital   5,000   5,000
Legal capital reserves        
– Reserves from capital contributions   87,659   145,038
Legal retained earnings        
– General legal retained earnings   1,000   1,000
Voluntary retained earnings        
– Free reserve   674,120   605,337
Treasury shares   –15,055   –12,495
Balance brought forward from previous year   869   703
Net profit for the year   101,621   124,545
Shareholders' equity 49.8% 855,214 57.7% 869,128
         
Liabilities and shareholders' equity 100.0% 1,716,308 100.0% 1,506,860
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Financial statements 2025 of Galenica Ltd. 292

[page 293]
Notes to the financial statements of 
Galenica Ltd.
Principles
The financial statements of Galenica Ltd. with registered office in Bern, Switzerland, have been prepared in 
accordance with Article 957 et seqq. of Title 32 of the accounting law based on the Swiss Code of Obligations 
(CO). Where not prescribed by law, the significant accounting and valuation principles applied are described 
below.
Galenica Ltd. has prepared its consolidated financial statements in accordance with a recognised accounting 
standard (IFRS Accounting Standards). In accordance with the CO, the Company decided to forgo presenting 
additional information on audit fees in the notes as well as a cash flow statement.
Financial income
Financial income includes a reversal of a bad debt allowance on non-current intercompany loans of 
 (previous year: ) as well as reversals of impairments on investments of CHF 30.1 
million (previous year: none).
CHF 15.0 million CHF 15.0 million
Other income
Other income includes group-internal management fees of CHF 57.3 million (previous year: ) 
and IT services of CHF 96.9 million (previous year: CHF 86.7 million). Revenue is recognised when the service is 
provided.
CHF 51.6 million
Financial expenses
Financial expenses include impairments on financial assets of CHF 48.5 million (previous year: CHF 1.7 million) 
and impairments on investments of CHF 30.9 million (previous year: none).
Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment. 
Depreciation is charged on a straight-line basis over the assets' useful lives.
Property, plant and equipment
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Furniture, fittings 1,852 1,772
IT equipment 1,484 3,020
Vehicles 4,906 5,000
Total net carrying amount 8,242 9,792
Intangible assets
Intangible assets include purchased or internally developed software. These items are measured at cost less 
accumulated amortisation and impairment. Amortisation is charged on a straight-line basis over the 
estimated economic useful life.
Financial assets
Galenica holds equity instruments of CHF 132.6 million (previous year: CHF 176.3 million). Those financial assets 
are measured at cost less accumulated impairments. Furthermore, financial assets include non-current loans 
to Group companies of CHF 74.7 million (previous year: CHF 74.7 million), to joint ventures of CHF 3.1 million 
(previous year: CHF 10.0 million) and to other companies of CHF 1.2 million (previous year: CHF 1.1 million).
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Financial statements 2025 of Galenica Ltd. 293

[page 294]
Subordinated loans
As at 31 December 2025, subordinated loans to Group companies amounted to CHF 1.9 million (previous year: 
CHF 1.9 million) and to third parties amounted to CHF 1.2 million (previous year: CHF 1.1 million).
Investments
An overview of the investments that are directly or indirectly controlled by Galenica Ltd. is provided in 
 to the Consolidated financial statements 2025 of the Galenica Group.
note 
31
Interest-bearing liabilities
The current and non-current interest-bearing liabilities are recognised at nominal value.
Interest-bearing liabilities
in thousand CHF ISIN Coupon 2025 2024
Straight Bond (15 June 2017 - 15 December 2026) CH0367206700 1.00% 180,000 180,000
Straight Bond (8 May 2023 - 8 November 2029) CH1255924453 2.35% 240,000 240,000
Straight Bond (30 April 2024 - 30 April 2031) CH1331113634 1.65% 100,000 100,000
Straight Bond (9 December 2025 - 9 December 2032) CH1494626398 1.08% 250,000 –
Interest-bearing liabilities     770,000 520,000
– of which current interest-bearing liabilities     180,000 –
– of which non-current interest-bearing liabilities     590,000 520,000
Lease obligations
The lease obligations, which do not expire or cannot be terminated within 12 months, have the following 
maturity structure. These amounts include the payments owed from rental and leasing agreements up to the 
end of the contract or the expiry of the notice period.
Lease obligations
in thousand CHF 2025 2024
Within 1 year – 8
In 2 to 5 years 8,433 6,306
In more than 5 years 23,395 25,522
Total 31,828 31,836
Share capital
As at 31 December 2025, the share capital of Galenica amounted to CHF 5,000,000, divided into 50,000,000 
fully paid-up and publicly listed shares with nominal value of CHF 0.10 each.
Authorised capital
As at 31 December 2025, Galenica Ltd. has no authorised capital.
Reserves from capital contributions
The reserves from capital contributions have been reduced to CHF 87.7 million (previous year: ) 
due to the dividend paid out to the shareholders on 16 April 2025 taken from the reserves from capital 
contributions in the amount of CHF 57.4 million (previous year: CHF 54.9 million).
CHF 145.0 million
Release of hidden reserves
In 2025, hidden reserves of CHF 13.9 million were released (previous year: CHF 15.0 million).
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Financial statements 2025 of Galenica Ltd. 294

[page 295]
Contingent liabilities
As at 31 December 2025, total contingent liabilities amounted to  (previous year: 
), including issued guarantees to Group companies of CHF 374.0 million (previous year: CHF 
245.4 million) as well as CHF 200.0 million (previous year: CHF 200.0 million) for guarantees to secure intraday 
transactions for Group companies in connection with the zero balance cash pooling. Guarantees to third 
parties amounted to CHF 3.1 million (previous year: CHF 2.9 million).
CHF 577.0 million
CHF 448.2 million
Full-time equivalents
The average number of full-time equivalents for the reporting period amounted to 531 (previous year: 487).
Treasury shares
Treasury shares
    2025   2024
  Number in CHF Number in CHF
1 January 172,979   167,820  
Purchases on the market 161,623 14,007,711 131,964 9,702,937
Allocated for share-based payments –158,986 –13,230,542 –126,805 –9,389,211
31 December 175,616   172,979  
The treasury shares are reserved for share-based payments to employees.
Further disclosures
In 2025, 14,038 shares (previous year: 13,904 shares) with fair value of CHF 1,319,993 (previous year: 
) have been allocated to the members of the Board of Directors.CHF 1,040,158
In 2025, 10,799 performance share units (previous year: 10,880 performance share units) with fair value at grant 
date of CHF 817,918 (previous year: CHF 746,014) have been allocated to the members of the Corporate 
Executive Committee. In 2025, 2,924 performance share units (previous year: 2,998 performance share units) 
with fair value at grant date of CHF 221,464 (previous year: CHF 205,564) have been allocated to other 
employees of Galenica Ltd.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Financial statements 2025 of Galenica Ltd. 295

[page 296]
Shareholders' equity
Shareholders' equity developed as follows:
Shareholders' equity
in thousand CHF
Share 
capital
Reserves 
from capital 
contributions
General 
legal 
retained 
earnings  
Reserves for 
treasury 
shares
1)
Treasury 
shares Free reserve
Available 
earnings
Shareholders' 
equity
Balance as at 31 December 
2022 5,000 254,789 1,000 8,000 – 314,000 169,192 751,980
Allocation to free reserve           114,000 –114,000 –
Adjustment to the reserves 
for treasury shares       –6,900   6,900   –
Change of treasury shares         –10,725     –10,725
Dividends   –54,881         –54,881 –109,761
Profit for the year             224,262 224,262
Balance as at 31 December 
2023 5,000 199,908 1,000 1,100 –10,725 434,900 224,573 855,756
Allocation to free reserve           169,000 –169,000 –
Adjustment to the reserves 
for treasury shares       –1,100   1,100   –
Change of treasury shares         –1,770 337   –1,433
Dividends   –54,870         –54,870 –109,740
Profit for the year             124,545 124,545
Balance as at 31 December 
2024 5,000 145,038 1,000 – –12,495 605,337 125,248 869,128
Allocation to free reserve           67,000 –67,000  
Change of treasury shares         –2,560 1,783   –777
Dividends   –57,379         –57,379 –114,758
Profit for the year             101,621 101,621
Balance as at 31 December 
2025 5,000 87,659 1,000 – –15,055 674,120 102,490 855,214
1) Owned by subsidiaries
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Financial statements 2025 of Galenica Ltd. 296

[page 297]
Proposal of the Board of Directors for the appropriation of available earnings and 
reserves from capital contributions
At the Annual General Meeting as at 21 April 2026, the Board of Directors will propose the following allocation 
of available earnings and reserves from capital contributions:
in CHF 2025 2024
Appropriation of available earnings    
Balance brought forward 868,940 702,860
Profit for the year 101,620,880 124,544,796
Available earnings at the disposal of the Annual General Meeting 102,489,820 125,247,656
Dividend per share CHF 1.25 (2024: CHF 1.15)  -62,500,000
1)
–57,378,716
Allocation to free reserve –39,000,000 –67,000,000
Balance to be carried forward 989,820 868,940
     
Appropriation of reserves from capital contributions    
Reserves from capital contributions 87,659,027 145,037,743
Dividend per share CHF 1.25 (2024: CHF 1.15) paid out of reserves from capital contributions  -62,500,000
1)
–57,378,716
Balance to be carried forward 25,159,027 87,659,027
1) The proposed dividend payment and appropriation of reserves from capital contributions covers all issued shares. However, no dividend will be 
paid on treasury shares. As a result, the total dividend amount payable depends on the number of treasury shares held on the distribution date. 
Based on the number of treasury shares held as at 31 December 2025, the total dividend would amount to CHF 124.6 million
The Board of Directors proposes to issue a dividend for fiscal year 2025 of CHF 2.50 per registered share. For 
this purpose, CHF 1.25 is to be taken from the reserves from capital contributions and CHF 1.25 from retained 
earnings. On the part taken from the reserves from capital contributions, the dividend can be distributed 
without deduction of Swiss withholding tax of 35%. Natural persons living in Switzerland are not liable for 
income tax on the dividend paid from the reserves from capital contributions.
Assuming the Annual General Meeting approves the dividend, payments will be made on 27 April 2026. The last 
trading day with entitlement to receive the dividend is 22 April 2026. The shares will be traded ex-dividend on 
23 April 2026.
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Financial statements 2025 of Galenica Ltd. 297

[page 298]
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Financial statements 2025 of Galenica Ltd. 298

[page 299]
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Financial statements 2025 of Galenica Ltd. 299

[page 300]
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Financial statements 2025 of Galenica Ltd. 300

[page 301]
Appendix
GRI content index 302
NFR/CO 964a-Index 308
TCFD-Index 309

[page 302]
Appendix – GRI content index
GRI content index
Galenica Ltd. has reported in accordance with the GRI Standards for the period 1 January 2025 to 31 
December 2025. For the Content Index – Essentials Service, GRI Services reviewed that the GRI content index 
has been presented in a way consistent with the requirements for reporting in accordance with the GRI 
Standards, and that the information in the index is clearly presented and accessible to the stakeholders. The 
service was provided for the German version of the report.
GRI 1: Foundation 2021GRI 1 used: 
NoneApplicable GRI Sector Standards: 
GRI Standard / other source Disclosure Information / location Omission
The organization and its reporting practices    
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021 2-1 Organizational details Corporate governance  
2-2 Entities included in the 
organization’s sustainability 
reporting
Organisational system boundaries  
2-3 Reporting period, frequency 
and contact point
Reporting principles  
2-4 Restatements of information Correction or restatements of 
information
 
2-5 External assurance Independent audit  
Operations and workers    
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021   Business model  
  Website  
2-6 Activities, value chain and 
other business relationships
Value chain  
2-7 Employees Employment  
2-8 Workers who are not 
employees
Employment  
Governance    
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021   Board of Directors  
  Members of the Board of Directors  
  Organizational Regulations  
2-9 Governance structure and 
composition
Corporate governance  
  Board of Directors  
2-10 Nomination and selection of 
the highest governance body
Corporate governance  
  Members of the Board of Directors  
2-11 Chair of the highest 
governance body
Corporate governance  
  Sustainability organisation  
Galenica Annual Report 2024 Appendix – GRI content index 302

[page 303]
2-12 Role of the highest 
governance body in overseeing the 
management of impacts
Articles of Association  
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for 
managing impacts
Sustainability organisation  
  Sustainability organisation  
2-14 Role of the highest 
governance body in sustainability 
reporting
Materiality analysis and matrix  
  Group structure and shareholders  
  Board of Directors  
  Other remuneration  
  Code of Conduct  
2-15 Conflict of interest Corporate governance  
2-16 Communication of critical 
concerns
Whistleblower Reporting Office  
2-17 Collective knowledge of the 
highest governance body
Sustainability organisation  
  Letter from the Chair of the 
Remuneration Committee
 
2-18 Evaluation of the performance 
of the highest governance body
Corporate governance  
  Principles and responsibility in 
setting compensation
 
  Articles of Association  
2-19 Remuneration policies Corporate governance  
  Remuneration system of the Board 
of Directors
 
  Remuneration system of the 
Corporate Executive Committee
 
  Corporate governance  
2-20 Process to determine 
remuneration
Articles of Association  
2-21 Annual total compensation 
ratio
  Restriction due to confidentiality 
obligations: This information is not 
disclosed. Due to the heterogeneity 
of occupational fields and 
remuneration models, as well as 
existing confidentiality obligations, 
consistent determination is currently 
not possible. Future disclosure is 
being reviewed.
Galenica Annual Report 2024 Appendix – GRI content index 303

[page 304]
Strategy, policies and practices    
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021 2-22 Statement on sustainable 
development strategy
Interview with Chairman and CEO  
  Code of Conduct  
  Supplier Code of Conduct  
  Ethical business conduct  
2-23 Policy commitments Supply chain integrity  
  Code of Conduct  
  Supplier Code of Conduct  
  Ethical business conduct  
2-24 Embedding policy 
commitments
Supply chain integrity  
  Ethical business conduct  
2-25 Processes to remediate 
negative impacts
Supply chain integrity  
  Ethical business conduct  
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking 
advice and raising concerns
Integrity through whistleblowing  
2-27 Compliance with laws and 
regulations
Training on compliance and ethical 
conduct
 
2-28 Membership associations Memberships of associations and 
interest groups
 
Stakeholder engagement    
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021 2-29 Approach to stakeholder 
engagement
Dialogue with stakeholders  
2-30 Collective bargaining 
agreements
Our management approach  
Material Topics    
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 Process to determine material 
topics
Materiality analysis and matrix  
List of material topics Materiality analysis and matrix  
Energy and climate protection    
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics Energy and climate protection  
GRI 302: Energy 2016   Total energy consumption  
302-1 Energy consumption within 
organization
Calculation bases  
  Total energy consumption  
302-2 Energy consumption outside 
of the organization
Calculation bases  
303-3 Energy intensity Total energy consumption  
303-4 Reduction of energy 
consumption
Energy  
GRI 305: Emissions 2016   Emissions  
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG 
emissions
Calculation bases  
  Emissions  
Galenica Annual Report 2024 Appendix – GRI content index 304

[page 305]
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) 
GHG emissions
Calculation bases  
  Emissions  
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG 
emissions
Calculation bases  
  Emissions  
305-4 GHG emissions intensity Scope 3 emissions  
  Reduction of operational emissions 
(Scope 1+2)
 
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions Scope 3 emissions  
Patient safety    
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics Patient safety  
GRI 416: Customer Health and 
Safety 2016
416-1 Assessment of the health and 
safety impacts of product and 
service categories
Pharmacovigilance: forwarding of 
reports
 
416-2 Incidents of non-compliance 
concerning the health and safety 
impacts of products and services
Pharmacovigilance: forwarding of 
reports
 
Own KPIs Number CDS.CE Checks Increased patient safety thanks to 
e-medication solution
 
Target achievement NPS Customer satisfaction  
Health promotion    
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics Health promotion  
GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 
2016
203-2 Significant indirect economic 
impacts
Cooperation for low-threshold and 
affordable access
 
Own KPIs Number of health services provided Healthcare services  
Attractive workplace    
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics Attractive workplace  
GRI 401: Employment 2016 401-1 New employee hires and 
employee turnover
Employment  
GRI 404: Training and Education 
2016
404-2 Programs for upgrading 
employee skills and transition 
assistance programs
Promoting employee knowledge 
and exchange
 
404-3 Percentage of employees 
receiving regular performance and 
career development reviews
Regular performance reviews  
Own KPIs Motivation & Participation rate in 
employee survey
Opinio employee survey  
Time-to-hire
Recruitment strategy/retention of 
skilled workers
 
Health and safety at work    
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics Health and safety at work  
GRI 403: Occupational Health and 
Safety 2018
403-1 Occupational health and 
safety management system
Our management approach  
 
Long-term health promotion
 
Galenica Annual Report 2024 Appendix – GRI content index 305

[page 306]
403-2 Hazard identification, risk 
assessment, and incident 
investigation
Occupational safety and accident 
prevention
 
  Long-term health promotion  
403-3 Occupational health 
services
Occupational safety and accident 
prevention
 
403-4 Worker participation, 
consultation, and communication 
on occupational health and safety
Our management approach  
  Long-term health promotion  
403-5 Worker training on 
occupational health and safety
Occupational safety and accident 
prevention
 
403-6 Promotion of worker health Long-term health promotion  
403-9 Work-related injuries Work-related injuries and illnesses  
403-10 Work-related ill health Work-related injuries and illnesses  
Own KPIs Absenteeism rate due to 
occupational accidents and 
illnesses
Long-term health promotion  
Equality and diversity    
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics Equality and diversity  
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal 
Opportunity 2016
405-1 Diversity of governance 
bodies and employees
Diversity of governance bodies and 
employees
 
405-2 Ratio of basic salary and 
remuneration of women to men
Equal pay  
GRI 406: Non-discrimination 2016 406-1 Incidents of discrimination 
and corrective actions taken
Protection of personal integrity in 
the workplace
 
Galenica Annual Report 2024 Appendix – GRI content index 306

[page 307]
Ethical business conduct    
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics Ethical business conduct  
GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016 205-2 Communication and training 
about
anti-corruption policies and 
procedures
Training on compliance and ethical 
conduct
 
205-3 Confirmed incidents of 
corruption and actions taken
Prevention of corruption and anti-
competitive behaviour
 
GRI 206: Anti-competitive Behavior 
2016
206-1 Legal actions for anti-
competitive behavior, anti-trust, 
and monopoly practices
Prevention of corruption and anti-
competitive behaviour
 
Own KPIs Number of awareness-raising 
measures
Training on compliance and ethical 
conduct
 
Data protection and IT secrurity    
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics Data protection and information 
security
 
GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016 418-1 Substantiated complaints 
concerning breaches of customer 
privacy and losses of customer 
data
Regular review  
Own KPIs Number of awareness-raising 
measures
Raising awareness and employee 
training
 
Security of supply and procurement    
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics Security of supply and procurement  
Own KPIs Service-level Availability of medications  
Supply chain integrity    
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of material topics Supply chain integrity  
GRI 408: Child Labor 2016 408-1 Operations and suppliers at 
significant risk for incidents of child 
labor
Due diligence obligations and 
transparency regarding minerals 
and metals from conflict affected 
areas, child labour, and forced and 
compulsory labour
 
GRI 409: Forced or Compulsory 
Labor 2016
409-1 Operations and suppliers at 
significant risk for incidents of 
forcedor compulsory labor
Due diligence obligations and 
transparency regarding minerals 
and metals from conflict affected 
areas, child labour, and forced and 
compulsory labour
 
Own KPIs Number of audits Supplier Code of Conduct  
Galenica Annual Report 2024 Appendix – GRI content index 307

[page 308]
Appendix – Transparency on non-financial matters
Transparency on non-financial matters 
(CO 964a-Index)
Appendix The table below refers to individual non-financial report 
contents in the Annual Report 2025.
Art. 964b content requirement Section in the report
Business operations
Business model
Materiality analysis and matrix
Most important risk clusters and measures 
Environmental matters
Energy and climate protection
Climate report
Social issues
Dialogue with stakeholders
Patient safety
Security of supply and procurement
Health promotion
Employee-related issues
Attractive workplace
Health and safety at work
Equality and diversity
Respect for human rights
Ethical business conduct
Supply chain integrity
Combating corruption Anti-corruption
Due Diligence and Transparency in 
relation to Mineral and Metals from 
Conflict-Affected Areas and Child Labour Due diligence obligations and transparency
Appendix Calculation bases
Galenica Annual Report 2024 Appendix – Transparency on non-financial matters 308

[page 309]
Appendix - TCFD-Index
TCFD-Index
TCFD Disclosure Recommended disclosures  
Governance
A
Describe the board's oversight of climate-related risks and 
opportunities Governance
B
Describe management's role in assessing and managing 
climate-related risks and opportunities
Sustainability organisation
Governance
Strategy
A
Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the 
organisation has identified over the short, medium, and long 
term
Sustainability organisation
Responsibilities and processes
Climate-related risks and opportunities
B
Describe the impact of climate-related risks and 
opportunities on the organisation's businesses, strategy and 
financial planning Climate-related risks and opportunities
C
Describe the resilience of the organisation's strategy, taking 
into consideration different climate-related scenarios, 
including a 2°C or lower scenario Resilience taking into account different scenarios
Risk management
A
Describe the organisation's processes for identifying and 
assessing climate-related risks
Risk management
Sustainability organisation
B
Describe the organisation's processes for managing 
climate-related risks Risk management
C
Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and 
managing climate-related risks are integrated into the 
organisation's overall risk management Risk management
Metrics and 
targets
A
Disclose the metrics used by the organisation to assess 
climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its 
strategy and risk management process
Key figures and targets
Energy
Emissions
B
Disclose scope 1, scope 2 and, if appropriate, scope 3 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and the related risks
Emissions
Climate-related risks and opportunities
Key figures and targets
C
Describe the targets used by the organisation to manage 
climate-related risks and opportunities and performance 
against targets
Key figures and targets
Greenhouse gas emissions and resources
Galenica Annual Report 2024 Appendix - TCFD-Index 309

[page 310]
Impressum
Impressum
Published by
Galenica Ltd.
Corporate Communications
Untermattweg 8
P.O. Box
CH-3001 Bern
Phone +41 58 852 81 11
info@galenica.com
www.galenica.com
Overall responsibility
Corporate Communications and Corporate Finance
With the support of
Publishing system: ns.wow, mms solutions Ltd., Zurich
Translation: Apostroph Group, Switzerland
Review and editing: Benz Advisory Ltd., Niederweningen
Consulting on materiality and sustainability reporting: Sustainserv GmbH, Zurich
Text: Linkgroup Ltd., Zurich
Concept and Layout
NeidhartSchön Ltd., Zurich
Linkgroup Ltd., Zurich
Galenica Ltd., Bern
Pictures
Alain Bucher Werbefotografie, Bern
Contexta, Bern
Mike Niederhauser, Merlin Photography, Münchenbuchsee
The combined Annual and Sustainability Report 2025 is published on 10 March 2026. It is published once a year and covers the reporting period 
from 1 January to 31 December. This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements. In this Annual Report, such forward-looking statements 
include, without limitation, statements relating to our financial condition, results of operations and business and certain of our strategic plans and 
objectives. Because these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual future results may differ materially from those 
expressed in or implied by the statements. Many of these risks and uncertainties relate to factors which are beyond Galenica’s ability to control or 
estimate precisely, such as future market conditions, currency fluctuations, the behaviour of other market participants, the actions of 
governmental regulators and other risk factors detailed in Galenica’s past and future filings and reports, in past and future filings, press releases, 
reports and other information posted on Galenica Group Companies’ websites. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-
looking statements, which speak only of the date of this communication. Galenica disclaims any intention or obligation to update and revise any 
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Forward-looking statements  
Galenica Annual Report 2025 Impressum 310