# Alfa Laval AB (ALFA.ST)
# primary source: annual-and-sustainability-report-2025.pdf  (156 pages)

[page 1]
Pioneering
Positive
Impact
Annual & 
Sustainability
Report
alfalaval.comalfalaval.com
Alfa Laval
2025
 

[page 2]
 
2
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025
Contents 
About Alfa Laval Alfa Laval in brief
Financial targets
 4
8
Board of Directors' Report Management Report
Risk Management
Sustainability Statement
Corporate Governance
10
14
16
70
Financial Statements 90
Auditor’s Reports  Auditor’s report 
Auditor’s report on the Sustainability Statement 
141
145
Other Alfa Laval’s share in 2025
T en-year overview
Alternative performance measures
Other information
148
150
152
154

[page 3]
Alfa Laval is a world-leading, global 
provider of first-rate products in the 
areas of heat transfer, separation and 
fluid handling. With these as its base, 
Alfa Laval aims to help enhance the 
productivity and competitiveness of 
its customers in various industries 
throughout the world. We understand 
their challenges and deliver sustainable 
products and solutions that meet 
their requirements – mainly in energy, 
food and the marine industry.
 
3
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 4]
Alfa Laval 
in brief
World-leading  
in three key  
technologies
Heat transfer
Compact heat exchangers that recycle 
heat, optimize customers’ energy con-
sumption, cut costs and reduce negative 
environmental impact.
Separation 
Separators, decanter centrifuges, filters, 
strainers and membranes that separate 
liquids from other liquids and solid particles 
from liquids or gases.
Fluid handling 
Pumps, valves, tank cleaning equipment 
and installation material for industries with 
stringent hygiene requirements as well as 
pumping systems specifically for the 
marine industry and the offshore market.
Founded in
1883
Business divisions
3
Sales Companies
21
Sales regions
9
Production units
45
Service Centres 
70+
Employees
23,600+
Patents
4,200+
  North America
  Latin America 
  Northern Europe
  Southern Europe, West Africa
  Eastern Europe
  Middle East, South & East Africa
  Greater China  
  India
  Asia Pacific – APAC
A strong local presenceAlfa Laval key figures
Alfa Laval in brief
4
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 5]
Net sales, SEK m
69,674
Order intake, SEK m
66,742
Adjusted EBIT A, SEK m
12,334
T om Erixon, President and CEO
5Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025
“ After another turbulent year with 
increasing trade obstacles, we were 
pleased to achieve a record invoicing 
of 70 BSEK and record earnings of 
12 BSEK in 2025. In today´s world 
there is no longer a synchronized 
business cycle. Instead, most end-  
markets develop individually with a 
great deal of variation between them. 
The over-all favorable end-market 
exposure of Alfa Laval still generated 
a solid year financially and we 
continued the growth journey 
initiated almost ten years ago.”

[page 6]
Improving the 
essentials of life 
As the world population is expected to grow by 25 percent over 
the next 35 years – reaching 10 billion people – the demand for 
food, clean water and medicine will continue to increase. Demand 
for medicine will see the greatest growth, as the global elderly 
population is set to more than double to 1.6 billion by 2060. The 
Food & Water Division is committed to helping billions of people 
get the nutritious food, clean water, and safe medicine they deserve 
– and we are passionate about driving this mission every day. 
Share of group orders Service share of the division
Food & Water Division
The Food & Water Division works with 
products and systems for food and water 
applications, for example in industries 
such as food, pharmaceuticals, biotech, 
brewing, dairy and water treatment.
Energy Division
The Energy Division focuses on solutions 
to promote greater energy efficiency, in 
both financial and environmental terms. 
Customers include companies operating 
in data centres, renewable energy, heating, 
ventilation and refrigeration, oil and gas 
extraction, refining, petro chemicals and 
power generation.
Marine Division
The Marine Division specializes in solutions 
for shipping customers, including shipping 
companies, shipyards, engine manufacturers 
and companies involved in offshore oil and 
gas exploration.
Three business  
divisions with  
customer needs 
front and centre
Order intake, SEK m
24,311
Net sales, SEK m
25,635
Adjusted EBIT A, SEK m
3,882
36% 31%
Food & Water Division
Alfa Laval in brief
6
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 7]
Sailing towards  
new horizons 
The maritime industry is undergoing its most significant trans-
formation in a century. Despite ongoing geopolitical uncertainty 
and trade disruptions, shipping’s transition continues to gather 
pace with the growing adoption of new emission reduction 
technologies and the need to renew an aging fleet. The Marine 
Division continues to advance on multiple fronts to enable mari-
time decarbonization by offering flexible, future-ready solutions.
Share of group orders
Share of group orders
Service share of the division
Service share of the division
Powering change  
– and changing power
2025 reaffirmed that the energy transition remains one of the 
most dynamic and unpredictable shifts in modern history. 
Global energy demand continues to rise, driven primarily by 
electrification, yet progress is still significantly slower than 
2050 net-zero scenarios, with regional disparities widening.
Order intake, SEK m
20,984
Order intake, SEK m
21,448
Net sales, SEK m
20,250
Net sales, SEK m
23,790
Adjusted EBIT A, SEK m
3,435
Adjusted EBIT A, SEK m
5,433
32%
40%32%
25%
Energy Division
Marine Division
Alfa Laval in brief
7
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 8]
Alfa Laval aims to realize its purpose, while at the same time meet 
its financial targets related to growth, profitability and capital 
utilization. By achieving or exceeding these targets, Alfa Laval 
creates the necessary scope for its continued development as 
well as creating value for its shareholders in the form of an 
annual dividend and by maximizing the value of the company.
During 2025, Alfa Laval AB updated its financial targets to better reflect the Group’s 
performance in recent years and strategic priorities regarding growth and profitability 
moving forward.
Financial benchmarks
In addition to its financial targets, Alfa Laval has a number of financial benchmarks 
reflecting the company’s ambitions with respect to the net debt / EBIT A ratio and 
cashflow from operating activities. Further information on these financial bench-
marks can be found on page 133.
Financial 
targets
Financial target Outcome 2025
Growth
7%
(previously 5%)
Alfa Laval is to achieve an average annual 
sales growth of at least 7 percent measured 
over a business cycle. The target is set to reflect 
the structural growth opportunities – organic 
and inorganic – for Alfa Laval.
4%
Profitability
17% 
(previously 15%)
Alfa Laval is to achieve an operating margin – 
adjusted EBIT A – of 17 percent measured over 
a business cycle. The target is set to reflect the 
company’s ambitions regarding investments, 
portfolio development and capital allocation.
17 .7%
Capital utilization 
20%
The goal is to achieve a return on capital 
employed of at least 20 percent. The target 
reflects the company’s ambition to optimize 
capital utilization by balancing investments 
and operating working capital.
23.9%
Financial targets
8
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 9]
Board of 
Directors’ 
Report

[page 10]
Management Report
10
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025
Management Report
The Board of Directors and the President and 
CEO of Alfa Laval AB (publ) hereby submit their 
annual report for the 2025 financial year. 
Ownership structure
Alfa Laval AB (publ), corporate registration number 556587-
8054, is the parent company of the Alfa Laval Group. The com -
pany’s shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm in Sweden. The 
largest shareholder of Alfa Laval AB (publ) is Winder Holding 
AG. The Parent Company does not sell goods or services to 
external customers and has no employees. 
Statutory annual report
The following elements make up the statutory annual report:
• The Board of Directors’ Report, which includes the Sustain -
ability Statement, the Corporate Governance Report and the 
 guidelines for remuneration to senior executives
•  Financial Statements and accompanying notes
Operations
Alfa Laval, a world leader in heat transfer, separation and fluid 
handling, focuses on the fields of energy, marine, food and 
water. The company’s world-leading expertise, products and 
services are key success factors for a wide range of customers 
in around a hundred countries. The company helps customers 
to achieve both their business goals and their sustainability 
goals by optimizing customers’ processes, enabling responsible 
growth and advancing technological development. Alfa Laval is 
engaged in the development, production and sale of products 
and systems based on three core technologies: separation, 
heat transfer and fluid handling.
Alfa Laval’s business is divided into divisions: Energy, Food & 
Water and Marine. These sell to external customers and are 
responsible for the manufacturing of the products. There is also 
an Other division covering corporate management and non-
core activities. The divisions constitute Alfa Laval’s operating 
segments. The divisions, in turn, are divided into a number of 
business units.
Financial performance during the year
Group
Net sales amounted to SEK 69,674 (66,954) million, repre-
senting an increase of 4.1 percent compared with the previous 
year. Net sales within Service increased by 4.6 percent com -
pared with the previous year, representing 30.4 (30.2) percent 
of total net sales. The current order book of SEK 48,259 
(52,319) million supports a continued strong level of invoicing. 
The adjusted gross margin amounted to 37.0 (35.6) percent, 
strengthened by high efficiency and capacity utilization at the 
factories, as well as positive purchase price deviations com -
pared with the previous year. Adjusted EBITA amounted to SEK 
12,334 (11,089) million, corresponding to an adjusted EBITA 
margin of 17.7 (16.6) percent. Operating income increased by 
12.6 percent to SEK 11,749 (10,435) million compared with the 
previous year. Sales and administration costs amounted to SEK 
-10,750 (-10,284) million for the full year, corresponding to 15.4 
(15.4) percent of net sales. Sales and administration costs were 
impacted by SEK -80 million in respect of transaction costs for 
Fives Cryogenics. Operating income was also affected by 
restructuring costs related to changes in the operational busi -
ness structure that will take effect from January 1, 2026. The 
costs for research and development amounted to SEK -1,738 
(-1,656) million, corresponding to 2.5 (2.5) percent of net sales. 
Tax on profit after financial items amounted to SEK -2,875 
(-2,564) million for the full year, and the Group’s tax rate was 
26 (26) percent. Earnings per share amounted to SEK 20.01 
(17. 8 8). 
Cash flow from operating activities amounted to SEK 9,166 
(12,778) million. The decrease was due to higher working capi-
tal compared with the previous year. Working capital increased 
by SEK 2,674 million, compared with a decrease of SEK 2,309 
million in the previous year. Depreciation and amortization 
amounted to SEK -2,503 (-2,418) million for the full year. Acqui-
sitions of businesses amounted to SEK -9,412 (-50) million; of 
which SEK -8,883 million was attributable to the acquisition of 
Fives  Cryogenics, and SEK -529 million was attributable to two 
smaller acquisitions. 
Cash flow from financing activities amounted to SEK 2,915 
(-7,357) million and was impacted by dividends to shareholders 
of SEK -3,513 (-3,100) million and a net increase in borrowings 
of SEK 7,715 (-3,186) million. The financing requirement for the 
acquisition of Fives Cryogenics was the driving force behind the 
increase in borrowings. Net debt amounted to SEK 13,179 (5,493) 
million at the end of the year, with a debt/ equity ratio of 0.30 
(0.13). Total cash flow for the year amounted to SEK 168 (2,140) 
million, with total cash and cash equivalents at year-end amount-
ing to SEK 7,124 (7,369) million.
The Group applies alternative performance measures. Informa -
tion on definitions can be found on pages 152 and 153.

[page 11]
Management Report
11
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Order intake 66,742  74,592 
Order book 1) 48,259 52,319 
Net sales 69,674  66,954 
Operating income 2) 11,749  10,435 
Adjusted EBITA 3) 12,334  11,089 
Adjusted EBITA margin 3)4) 17.7% 16.6%
Net income for the year 8,322 7, 4 3 3
Return on capital employed 3) 23.9% 23.2%
Return on equity 3) 19.6% 18.8%
Earnings per share 20.01 17. 8 8
Investments 5) 2,660  3,336 
Cash flow from operating activities 9,166  12,778 
Net debt3) 13,179  5,493 
Net debt/EBITDA ratio 3) 0.92 0.43
Debt/ equity ratio3) 0.30 0.13
Equity/ assets ratio3) 44.6% 47.6 %
1) At the end of the period. 2) Excluding items affecting comparability. 3) Alternative performance 
measure.  4) Adjusted EBIT A/net sales. 5) Excluding new lease agreements.
Energy division
The Energy division focuses on solutions that promote 
increased energy efficiency from both an economic and an 
environmental perspective. Key technologies include heat 
exchangers and separation solutions. Customers include com -
panies working with data centres, renewable energy, heating, 
ventilation and cooling, oil and gas extraction, refining, petro -
chemicals and electricity generation.
The Energy division reported a higher order intake compared to 
last year. The acquisition of Cryogenic Technologies from Fives 
Group had a positive impact on order intake, but the division 
also reported positive order growth even without Cryogenic 
Technologies. Organic growth was driven mainly by increased 
demand in respect of data centres, cooling and power, as well 
as a recovery in the heat pump market. Transactional business 
grew in terms of both capital sales and Service. Uncertainty in 
respect of political and economic developments generally 
made customers more cautious within project business, and on 
an organic level project business decreased slightly compared 
with last year. Net sales increased for both capital sales and 
Service. Continued investments were made in capacity during 
the year in order to meet increasing demand in the energy sec -
tor. The adjusted EBITA decreased compared to the previous 
year. The increase in net sales did not fully compensate for the 
increase in costs related to capacity investments and R&D. 
Currency and product mix had a negative impact on earnings.
Energy division, SEK million 2025 2024
Order intake 20,984 20,047
Order book 1) 12,299 10,590
Net sales 20,250 19,330
Operating income 2) 3,288 3,698
Adjusted EBITA 3) 3,435 3,740
Adjusted EBITA margin 4) 17.0% 19.3%
Depreciation -524 -514
Amortization of step up values -147 -42
Investments 5) 992 1,337
Assets1) 29,731 20,378
Liabilities 1) 7,1 6 3 7, 3 52
Number of employees 1) 6,826 5,974
1) At the end of the period. 2) Excluding items affecting comparability. 3) Alternative performance 
measure.  4) Adjusted EBIT A/net sales. 5) Excluding new lease agreements.
Food & Water division
The Food & Water division offers innovative solutions for liquid 
handling, heat transfer and separation, as well as process sys -
tems for key industries such as food, beverages, pharmaceuti -
cal manufacturers and water treatment companies. We help 
our customers to streamline processes using water, energy and 
raw materials, while also ensuring that they produce less waste.
Order intake was slightly lower than in the previous year, mainly 
because of lower demand in project business, where the major 
investment decision took longer due to the macroeconomic and 
geopolitical situation. There was broad underlying growth 
within the transactional part of the business, with the largest 
increase in the Dairy and Waste & Water segments. Net sales 
were in line with the previous year, with currency effects having 
a negative impact. Service sales increased, while new sales fell 
slightly. The adjusted EBITA margin increased compared with 
the previous year thanks to positive mix effects in combination 
with good results and capacity utilization at the factories.
Food & Water division, SEK million 2025 2024
Order intake 24,311 24,847
Order book 1) 12,719 14,926
Net sales 25,635 25,742
Operating income 2) 3,650 3,579
Adjusted EBITA 3) 3,882 3,822
Adjusted EBITA margin 4) 15.1% 14.8%
Depreciation -435 -527
Amortization of step up values -232 -243
Investments 5) 434 499
Assets1) 20,968 22,659
Liabilities 1) 8,191 8,960
Number of employees 1) 8,499 8,454
1) At the end of the period. 2) Excluding items affecting comparability. 3) Alternative performance 
measure.  4) Adjusted EBIT A/net sales. 5) Excluding new lease agreements.
Marine division
The Marine division specializes in solutions based on technolo -
gies such as heat exchangers, separation and liquid handling 
for customers in the marine industry, including shipowners, 
shipyards, engine manufacturers and companies operating in 
the offshore sector.
The order intake for the Marine division was lower than in the 
previous year, driven by a normalization in the field of tanker 
contracting, which led to a reduced demand for marine pump 
systems. The demand for offshore products and digital solu -
tions was moderate, while the service business continued to 
grow. Net sales were higher for both capital sales and Service 
across almost all product areas except for offshore and ballast 
water systems, with good servicing of the large order book. The 
adjusted EBITA increased compared to the previous year. This 
improvement was driven by higher net sales and a more profit-
able product mix. Additionally, earnings were positively affected 
by favourable factory performance thanks to high capacity utili -
zation. Costs increased on account of inflation and high busi -
ness activity. The currency had a slightly negative effect.

[page 12]
Management Report
12
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025
Marine division, SEK million 2025 2024
Order intake 21,448 29,699
Order book 1) 23,241 26,803
Net sales 23,790 21,881
Operating income 2) 5,232 3,653
Adjusted EBITA 3) 5,433 4,017
Adjusted EBITA margin 4) 22.8% 18.4%
Depreciation -337 -353
Amortization of step up values -201 -364
Investments 5) 548 390
Assets1) 28,398 30,065
Liabilities 1) 9,587 10,382
Number of employees 1) 6,658 6,290
1) At the end of the period. 2) Excluding items affecting comparability. 3) Alternative performance 
measure.  4) Adjusted EBIT A/net sales. 5) Excluding new lease agreements.
Acquisitions, disposals and investments in businesses
On January 1, 2025, Alfa Laval acquired 100 percent of a small 
US-based service company. The company will be operating 
under its own name as an independent channel and have a 
marginal impact on the Group. 
On 2 April 2025, Alfa Laval acquired 100 percent of NRG 
Marine, a leading supplier of ultrasonic anti-fouling solutions for 
industrial, marine, and oil and gas applications. The company’s 
head office is in the United Kingdom. This acquisition aims to 
meet the growing demand for innovative ultrasonic technology 
against fouling and deposits, known as anti-fouling technology. 
Alfa Laval acquired 100 percent of the business unit Fives Cryo -
genics, part of the Fives Group, on 7 July 2025. Fives Cryogen -
ics is a world-leading specialist in cryogenic heat transfer and 
pump technologies, and its head office is based in France. This 
acquisition will provide Alfa Laval with a strong portfolio of heat 
transfer and pumping products for gas liquefaction. 
Share-related information 
There were no changes to the number of shares or the share 
capital during the year. At the beginning and end of the year, 
the share capital of SEK 1,116,719,930 was divided into 
413,326,315 shares. The quota value of the shares as at 
December 31, 2025 is SEK 2.70 per share. 
The company has issued only one class of shares, and all 
shares carry equal rights. There are no restrictions under law or 
in the Articles of Association on the transferability of the shares. 
The company is not aware of any agreements between share -
holders that could result in restrictions on the transfer of their 
shares. The employees of the company do not own any shares 
in the company through pension trusts. 
Research and development 
Many years of intensive and consistent investment in research 
and development have allowed Alfa Laval to achieve a world- 
leading position in the fields of separation and heat transfer. 
Product development within fluid handling has resulted in a 
strong market position for a number of products. To consolidate 
this position and support organic growth by identifying new 
applications for existing products as well as developing new 
products, research and development is always a high-  priority 
activity. Research and development is conducted at approxi -
mately twenty facilities around the world. 
Intangible key resources
Alfa Laval’s business model is based on a combination of tech-
nical leadership and sustainable solutions for customers within 
the Energy, Food & Water and Marine divisions. Intangible key 
resources, in particular the expertise, experience and innova -
tion of employees, are a crucial prerequisite for this.
With more than 23,500 employees globally and a strong cul -
ture of collaboration and improvement, employees’ technical 
expertise and ability to drive digitalization and sustainability 
initiatives are central to value creation. Their commitment 
makes it possible to develop and optimize solutions in the fields 
of heat recovery, flow handling and advanced separation tech -
nology, which form the core of the company’s business model.
Intangible resources are utilized through:
• Strategic priorities that ensure customers’ needs are met and 
that the company reinforces its position in the fields of technol -
ogy and service.
• Constant innovation in order to improve processes and prod -
ucts, thereby contributing to high energy efficiency and a 
reduction in environmental impact.
• Business principles that are based on responsibility, transpar -
ency and a long-term approach, thereby creating trust among 
customers, investors and society.
To ensure that these intangible resources continue to contribute 
to competitiveness, the company actively works with skills 
development, career opportunities and a corporate culture that 
promotes commitment and responsibility. This makes it possi -
ble to deliver value to stakeholders by means of high-quality 
products, energy-efficient solutions and innovations that meet 
future requirements.
Environment 
The subsidiary Alfa Laval Corporate AB conducts operations 
that are subject to notification and permit requirements under 
the Swedish Environmental Code. The permits mainly relate to 
the manufacture of heat exchangers in Lund and Ronneby and 
the manufacture of separators in Eskilstuna. Environmental 
impact occurs through limited emissions to air and water, and 
also through waste and noise. 
Operations with similar environmental impact are conducted at 
Alfa Laval’s manufacturing units outside Sweden. The extent to 
which such operations are subject to notification or permit 
requirements under local environmental legislation varies from 
country to country. 
Disputes 
As at December 31, 2025, the Alfa Laval Group had been 
named as one of many defendants in a total of 315 asbes -
tos-related lawsuits involving approximately 315 claimants. 
Alfa Laval is firmly convinced that the claims are unfounded 
and intends to contest each claim. Based on what is known to 
Alfa Laval to date and the information Alfa Laval has regarding 
the asbestos-related cases, the company maintains its pre -
vious assessment that the claims will not materially affect the 
Group’s financial position or results. 

[page 13]
Management Report
13Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025
Renaming of operating segments
In 2025, Alfa Laval conducted a strategic review of the compa -
ny’s capabilities and position as a global technology leader in 
order to serve customers worldwide more effectively and create 
even stronger conditions for growth. As of January 1, 2026, two 
of the divisions will undergo name changes in order to reflect 
their strategic priorities more accurately. 
• The former Marine division will be renamed the Ocean 
division.
• The former Food & Water division will be renamed the Food 
& Pharma division.
• The Energy division will retain its current name.
Events after the balance sheet date 
No significant events have occurred since the balance sheet 
date.
Dividend and proposed appropriation of profits 
The unrestricted equity in Alfa Laval AB (publ) amounted to 
SEK 6,767 (7,573) million. The Board of Directors proposes a 
dividend of SEK 9.00 (8.50) per share, corresponding to a total 
of SEK 3,720 (3,513) million, and that the remaining distribut-
able earnings in Alfa Laval AB (publ) of SEK 3,047 (4,059) 
million be carried forward. 

[page 14]
Risk Management 
At Alfa Laval, risk management is not a stand-
alone activity – it is embedded into the gover-
nance model and supported by an internal 
 control framework. Together, these structures 
ensure that risks are identified, assessed and 
managed in a way that supports sustainable 
value creation and compliance with regulatory 
expectations, including the Corporate Sustain-
ability Reporting Directive (CSRD).
Governance structure and the Three lines of defense
The governance model is built on the principle of the three lines 
of defense, which ensures clear accountability and supports a 
culture of compliance and transparency across the organization:
• First line: Operational management owns and manages risks 
as part of daily business activities.
• Second line: Oversight functions such as Risk & Compliance, 
Legal, Sustainability, Internal Control and other Group 
 functions provide guidance, frameworks and monitoring.
• Third line: Group Internal Audit provides independent assur -
ance on the effectiveness of governance, risk management 
and internal controls.
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Integration
The ERM programme is integrated into this governance model. 
Risk assessments are conducted annually across all business 
areas and functions, with results consolidated into a Group Risk 
Report. The Risk & Compliance Board, chaired by Group Man -
agement, oversees the process and approves the Group Risk 
Report. The report forms the basis for strategic risk discussions 
at Group Management level.
Alfa Laval’s ERM framework is built around five key areas:
• Strategic risks  - addressed through Group-level scenario 
planning and investment governance.
• Operational risks  – are mitigated through process controls 
and business continuity planning.
• Compliance and Governance risks  - are overseen by the 
Group Compliance function and supported by training, 
 monitoring and escalation protocols. 
• Sustainability and climate-related risks  - are assessed 
through double materiality and managed via governance 
 processes for specific sustainability matters. 
• Financial risks  - are managed via treasury policies and 
 internal financial controls.
Internal Control Framework
The Internal Control Framework is designed to minimize risks to 
an acceptable level while ensuring compliance with Alfa Laval’s 
Business Principles, governing documents and applicable laws. 
Controls are embedded in key processes and are regularly 
reviewed and updated based on audit findings, whistleblower 
reports and changes in the external environment.
Key components include:
• Defined control ownership across Group Finance, Legal, 
 Information Security, Sustainability and HR.
• Governance bodies such as the Internal Control Steering 
Group and Reference Group.
• Physical controls and IT controls, including segregation of 
duties, stock taking and access management.
Year cycle 
– Enterprise Risk Management
Alfa Laval Annual & Sustainability Report
Risk & Compliance Board meeting (6-month review)
Macro Risk Trend Report – full year and Q1
Macro Risk Trend Report Q2
Risk & Compliance Board meeting
Macro Risk Trend Report Q3
Risk & Compliance Board meeting
Macro Risk Trend Report Q4
Presented to Board of Directors
Risk & Compliance Board meeting, Year report
Risk Mapping
Business units, Sales cluster & Corporate functions
Risk mapping,  
Group Management
Jan–Feb
Mar–Apr
May–JunJul–Aug
Sep–Oct
Nov–Dec
Risk Management 
14
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 15]
Strategic Risks
Risks impacting Alfa Laval’s long-term direction, market position or ability to achieve long term strategic business objectives.
Risk Description Mitigation
Competition Risk of losing market share or failing to adapt to changing 
customer needs.
Customer-focused divisions, acquisitions, cost 
 competitiveness, securing strategic materials.
Business climate Economic downturns or upturns affecting demand. Diversification across markets and business units.
Pandemics & geopolitical disruption Global events (e.g. pandemics, geopolitical shifts) 
 impacting the business environment.
Business Resilience Policy, crisis management, cost 
 reduction programmes, flexible work schemes.
Commodity prices Volatility in prices and supply of key materials (e.g. metals, 
electricity).
Long-term supply commitments, price hedging, flexible 
pricing to customers.
Political risk Adverse government actions or instability in operating 
countries.
Limited exposure in high-risk countries, ongoing monitoring.
Risk connected to technical 
development
Competitors developing superior technical solutions. Investment in R&D, focus on innovation.
Operational Risks
Risks arising from day-to-day business processes, systems, people or external events.
Risk Description Mitigation
Risk for claims Costs from product faults, recalls or penalties. ISO-certified quality assurance, extensive product testing 
and recall insurance for certain products (very limited).
Supply chain & logistical disruptions Disruptions in supply chain affecting production and 
delivery.
Business continuity plans, alternative sourcing and supplier 
collaboration.
Business interruption Disruption from strikes, disasters, IT failures or supplier 
issues.
Business Resilience Management Policy, site risk reviews 
and emergency response plans.
IT related risks Data breaches or unauthorized access to sensitive 
information.
Information security policies, compulsory training and 
 supplier vetting.
Risk for technically related damages Product failures causing damage to life/property. Product liability insurance, quality assurance and extensive 
testing.
Insurance risks Inadequate insurance coverage for property, liability or 
business interruption.
Regular insurance reviews and proactive risk minimization.
Compliance and Governance Risks
Risks related to legal, regulatory and ethical obligations, as well as internal controls and governance. 
Risk Description Mitigation
Non-compliance with legislation 
and regulation
Failure to meet legal requirements, leading to penalties or 
reputational damage.
Policies, training, legal counsel and whistle-blower system.
Unfair competition and antitrust Fines or reputational loss from breaches of competition law. Fair Competition Policy, employee training and compliance 
monitoring.
Export control and trade sanction 
regulations
Breaches leading to loss of trade privileges or legal action. Export Control Policy, compliance monitoring and training.
Risk in connection with litigations Costs from legal disputes or settlements. Legal review and provision for estimated losses.
Sustainability and Climate-related Risks
Sustainability risks arise from environmental, social or governance matters, including dependencies on natural, human and social 
resources and the potential effects of climate change on company assets. The material sustainability and climate-related risks are 
described in more detail in the Sustainability Statement on page 16–69.
Financial risks
Financial risks relate to financial instruments and consist of risks related to currency, interest, market, liquidity and refinancing, cash 
flow as well as counterparty risk. A more comprehensive description and disclosures related to these risks can be found in Note 32. 
Risk Management 
15
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 16]
Sustainability Statement
General information Pioneering Positive Impact
Living up to commitments
Double materiality assessment
Interests and views of stakeholders 
Sustainability governance 
Basis for preparation
 17
18
19
23
24
27
Environment E1 Climate change
E3 Water and marine resources
E5 Resource use and circular economy
 29
37
39
Social S1 Own workforce
S2 Workers in the value chain
 44
51
Governance G1 Business conduct  53
Notes and tables Methodologies for targets and metrics
T ables in accordance with ESRS 2
Reporting in accordance with EU T axonomy Regulation
 57
63
67
16
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 17]
General information
Pioneering Positive Impact
SBM-1, SBM-3
Products and solutions
Across the industry’s society depends on, change is accelerat -
ing. New challenges demand fresh thinking and those willing to
lead the way are the ones who drive progress. 
Alfa Laval’s foundation is its portfolio of world-leading technol -
ogies with a wide range of application areas, that forms a 
launchpad to the future.
•  Heat transfer – Heat exchangers that optimize energy 
 consumption through increased efficiency and waste 
heat recovery.
• Separation – Separators, decanter centrifuges, membranes 
and filters used in, for example, food processing, water treat -
ment and biofuel production.
• Fluid handling – Pumps, valves, tank cleaning equipment 
and installation material for industries with stringent hygiene 
requirements, as well as pumping systems for the marine 
industry. 
These key technologies enable responsible use of natural 
resources, reduce emissions and the environmental impact of 
industrial processes, and improve energy efficiency, heat recovery 
and water treatment, while preserving value through circularity, 
supported by Alfa Laval’s extensive service offering that prolongs 
the useful life of installed products.
The Alfa Laval 2030 Strategic Direction is about growing as 
an industry leader in existing areas while capturing new oppor-
tunities. This translates into empowering emerging technologies 
and reshaping vital industries.
Alfa Laval offers its customers and shareholders more than 
a century of engineering ingenuity and entrepreneurial spirit –
which is a benefit to them and to future generations. Continu -
ous development of the offer, with innovation and relentless
optimization, has given the company a leading role in the 
energy transition. 
There is an opportunity in every challenge. Only by working side 
by side with customers, partners and peers worldwide can full 
potential be unlocked.
Value chain
Alfa Laval relies on a range of key resources and inputs pro -
vided by more than 5,000 global and local suppliers in the 
upstream value chain. In terms of physical resources, stainless 
steel, copper, titanium and other metals are among the most 
significant. These are sourced as raw materials, forged or 
machined parts according to the design specifications of the 
products, and other criteria including price, availability, quality 
and the sustainability performance of suppliers. Alfa Laval’s 
ambition is to work collaboratively with preferred and trusted 
suppliers of critical resources, that are frequently also valued 
partners in the design and development of customer applications. 
The main operational activities involve the design, manufacture 
and sales of products and solutions that help customers optimize 
efficiency and productivity. These activities are carried out by 
more than 23,000 employees located in over 100 countries 
around the world, whose commitment and competence are 
fundamental to Alfa Laval’s continued business growth. Other 
key resources include some 4,200 patents and substantial 
investments in research and development.
In the downstream value chain, Alfa Laval provides heat trans -
fer, fluid handling and separation applications to customers in 
a wide range of industries through its own sales companies and 
a large network with over 600 distributors. Energy savings, 
increased productivity, and lower total cost of ownership are 
some of the benefits customers can expect from Alfa Laval’s 
innovative solutions. This translates into customer satisfaction 
and loyalty, driving sales growth and increased profitability that 
can lead to rising stock prices and dividends for over 50,000 
shareholders.
Additional information on the business, including financial data 
per division (operating segment) and any significant changes 
in operations during the year, is available in the Management 
Report. Data on the employee headcount in top workforce 
countries is presented in the S1 subchapter and in more detail 
(expressed as full-time equivalents) in Note 4 in the Financial 
Statement.
Sustainability Statement – General Information
17
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 18]
Living up to commitments
SBM-1, SBM-3
Alfa Laval recognizes that the company’s strategy to deliver 
sustainable products and solutions also has an impact on  people 
and the environment. The company lives up to its commitments 
through transforming operations and supporting value chains in 
preventing and mitigating negative environmental, social and 
governance impacts.
The sustainability strategy is organized around four central 
themes – Climate, Circularity, Caring, Committed – reflecting 
the most significant sustainability impacts identified in Alfa 
Laval’s double materiality assessment. The 4C strategy sets 
the agenda and key sustainability priorities for the business to 
focus on until 2030. Each area includes a vision that sets out 
the ambition, which is further detailed in Alfa Laval Group poli -
cies and targets to guide activities throughout the organization. 
More information on the 4C strategy with policies, actions, 
 targets and metrics is presented in the relevant topical sections 
of the Sustainability Statement.
Climate
Alfa Laval aims to achieve net zero greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions in its own operations by 2027 and throughout the 
value chain by 2050. Actions to deliver on these targets are set 
out in the Alfa Laval Climate Transition Action Plan (CTAP) and 
are also included in the business strategy. Reducing emissions 
from Alfa Laval operations by phasing out fossil fuels and 
increasing the production and use of renewable energy is one 
part of the climate strategy. But the most significant emission 
reduction challenges are in the value chain, primarily in reducing 
the energy use of products and increasing the procurement of 
metals and components with a low carbon footprint.
Circularity
Alfa Laval is dedicated to safeguarding the value of natural 
resources throughout its value chain by improving process 
 efficiency, extending product lifespan, and increasing the reuse 
and recycling of materials. Efficient resource use in operations 
reduces water withdrawals, energy use and waste. In the 
upstream value chain, sourcing recycled materials reduces the 
product footprint, and downstream circular business models and 
service offerings contribute to more sustainable use of products. 
In addition, increasing circularity is important for biodiversity and 
freshwater availability.
Caring
Alfa Laval promotes a safe, inclusive culture both within the 
 company and in its relationships with external partners. Safety 
is a top priority that is monitored continuously and addressed in 
day-to-day actions to ensure improved performance over time. 
By fostering a diverse and inclusive culture and empowering 
employees, Alfa Laval can benefit from different perspectives 
and help generate fresh ideas that contribute to continued busi -
ness innovation.
Committed
Alfa Laval is committed to honest, respectful and ethical con -
duct within its organization, as well as in all external business 
relationships. The Alfa Laval Business Principles set out funda -
mental rules of behaviour that all employees should adhere to, 
including zero tolerance for any form of corruption or bribery. 
Alfa Laval continuously trains employees on the Business 
 Principles and has an established governance model in place 
to secure compliance throughout the organization.
4C targets 2030 Target
Climate GHG emissions
Reduction scope 1 & 2 (base year 2020)* 95%
Reduction scope 3 (base year 2020) 50%
Circularity
Energy Annual increase in energy efficiency ** 4%
Waste Waste diverted from disposal 95%
Water Annual increase in water efficiency ** 5%
Caring
Health & safety LTIFR (Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate) <1.0
Diversity
Female employees 26%
Female managers 27%
Diverse nationalities senior managers >50%
Committed Business conduct Employees trained in Business Principles 90%
* The ambition is to achieve net zero scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2027  
** Energy (MWh) and water (m 3) use in relation to net sales
Sustainability Statement – General Information
18
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 19]
Double materiality assessment
IRO-1, SBM-3
Alfa Laval conducted a double materiality assessment (DMA) 
to identify and assess material impacts, risks and opportunities 
(IROs) in accordance with the requirements of the European 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) for the first time in 
2024. The DMA was reviewed and updated during 2025 using 
the same approach. Alfa Laval will continue to refine the DMA 
process going forward and revisit the assessment of material 
impacts, risks and opportunities each year.
The DMA process builds on input from existing processes for 
risk management, such as the annual Enterprise Risk Manage-
ment (ERM) process, and other relevant business planning and 
strategy processes in different parts of the organization. The 
ERM process is described in more detail in the Risk Manage -
ment part of the report, and involves a systematic assessment of 
various risk dimensions, including sustainability risks. The DMA 
also provides input on specific topics, such human rights, climate, 
water and biodiversity risks, to be considered in the ERM. This 
approach ensures that sustainability considerations are inte -
grated into overall risk prioritisation, allowing sustainability risks 
to be compared and weighted against other business risks.
While the DMA is primarily a tool for identifying and assessing 
material impacts, risks and opportunities on which to disclose 
information in the Sustainability Statement, the process also 
results in actionable insights and highlights gaps in manage -
ment and reporting procedures. These gaps are consolidated 
into action plans for each material topic with prioritized activities 
to address for instance lack of data to produce relevant metrics 
or unclear governance and the need for additional guidance to 
progress towards targets. The DMA is presented to Group func-
tions, business units and Group management and used as an 
input in risk assessments and strategic management processes. 
Process and methodology
Overview of double materiality process
The DMA process and methodology were largely based on the 
“IG1: Materiality Assessment Implementation Guidance” pub -
lished by EFRAG. The process involved three main steps, start -
ing with a series of internal workshops and interviews with key 
corporate functions and individuals with subject matter exper -
tise on the sustainability topics being assessed. During the 
workshops, the participants assessed potential impacts, risks 
and opportunities based on the list of sustainability topics and 
sub-topics in ESRS 1, Appendix A. Onboarding sessions helped 
to get a common understanding of CSRD and the scope and 
purpose of the DMA.
The second step in the DMA process involved the validation 
and refinement of the initial assessment of IROs from the work -
shops through desktop research, benchmarking with peers, 
and contact with selected internal and external stakeholders 
and experts. The intention was to follow up on the discussions 
from the workshops to gather further evidence from various 
sources to support and confirm the assessment of IROs. 
In the third step a revised DMA was prepared and checked by 
subject matter experts involved in the initial workshops before 
presenting the findings to Alfa Laval Group Management. Tak -
ing account of the comments from Group Management, a final 
version of the DMA was reviewed and confirmed by the Audit 
Committee and Board of Directors in October 2025.
Double materiality methodology and assumptions
General approach and methodology
The double materiality assessment considered all Alfa Laval 
geographies and business activities and included the impact 
of  its own operations as well as through direct and indirect 
 business relationships in the upstream and downstream value 
chain. No specific activities, business relationships, geographies 
or other factors were considered to give rise to heightened risks of 
adverse impacts that required extra attention in the assessment.
Negative impacts on people or the environment were prioritized 
based on an assessment of their relative severity (scale, scope, 
irremediability) and likelihood using a five-point scale from very 
low to very high. These scores were multiplied resulting in a com-
bined impact score with a materiality threshold set at 50 percent 
of the maximum score. The same approach was used for posi -
tive impacts, except that irremediability was not assessed. For 
actual impacts, likelihood was considered certain and scored 
as very high.
Financial materiality was assessed in a similar way by consid -
ering the financial effects of any risks or opportunities arising 
from identified impacts and dependencies on environmental 
and human resources in operations or the value chain. The same 
five-point scale was used for the likelihood and magnitude of the 
financial effects, and to the extent possible, the assessment of 
magnitude corresponded with the quantified impacts on gross 
profit that are also applied in the assessment of other risks in the 
annual ERM process. The threshold for material risks or oppor-
tunities was a combined score (likelihood and magnitude) of 50 
percent or higher of the maximum achievable score, which is 
aligned with the threshold for high risks in the ERM process.
Sources of information used in the IRO assessments included 
internal Alfa Laval environmental and safety performance data, 
employee surveys, human rights risk assessments, and Business 
Principles audit findings. External databases and tools such as 
ENCORE, WWF Biodiversity Risk Filter, WRI Aqueduct Water 
Risk Atlas, and UN Global Compact Business & Human Rights 
Navigator were also used to assess topical risks and impacts in 
own operations and the value chain. Examining benchmark 
surveys of published sustainability statements, the SASB Mate -
riality Map and exchanging information on material IROs with 
peer companies helped refine the DMA further. 
Sustainability Statement – General Information
19
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 20]
Stakeholder input was mostly collected through Group functions 
acting as proxies based on their insights into the stakeholders 
they interact with but also considering requests for information 
in customer and investor surveys. Selected stakeholders were 
asked to review and comment on the preliminary DMA results, 
including internal Alfa Laval business owners, as well as external 
experts and consultants, and financial stakeholders such as 
banks and investors. No other direct consultations with external 
stakeholders or affected communities specifically in connection 
with the DMA took place unless otherwise noted below.
Processes for assessing specific topics
Climate-related impacts were identified based on current scope 
1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions, indicating significant actual value 
chain impacts. The assessment of climate-related physical risks 
was carried out using a third-party tool including all operational 
sites and office locations. The exposure to all relevant climate- 
related hazards was considered in three different climate sce-
narios (RCP2.6, RCP 4.5, RCP8.5) for the time periods 2030, 
2050 and 2100. The assessment of climate-related transition 
risks was based on the IEA Announced Pledges scenario as this 
was considered the most likely and therefore business-relevant 
but also considered the IEA Net Zero 2050 scenario, which is 
aligned with Alfa Laval’s own net zero target. 
Water-related impacts were assessed by considering actual 
data for water withdrawals, particularly in water-stressed loca -
tions as identified using the WRI Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas. 
The WRI tool was also used to assess the exposure of Alfa Laval 
manufacturing sites and service centres to water-related risks. 
In the assessment, baseline exposure was considered as well as 
future scenarios based on SSP1 RCP2.6, SSP3 RCP7.0 and 
SSP5 RCP8.5 for the period up to 2080.
The assessment of impacts related to resource use was based 
on volumes of purchased materials, in particular metal raw 
materials and components, as well as volumes of waste pro -
duced and disposed. Dependencies on key resources and 
 suppliers of these input materials were considered in the 
assessment of resource-related risks, while opportunities were 
identified in connection with Alfa Laval’s business activities 
related to services.
Impacts, risks and opportunities related to business conduct 
matters were assessed using a variety of sources, including the 
consideration of the number and types of whistleblowing cases 
registered and the geographic location of Alfa Laval business 
activities using Transparency International’s Corruption Per-
ceptions Index. The extent of political lobbying activities was 
assessed by accessing the European Transparency Register and 
the risk of late payments to suppliers was considered by review-
ing actual data on the proportion of supplier invoices paid after 
the due date, as reported by Alfa Laval to the  Swedish Compa-
nies Registration Office.
In the assessment of pollution-related IROs, a screening of 
business activities and operations at selected sites was under -
taken to identify if levels of air, water or soil pollution, and use of 
substances of concern and very high concern could be consid -
ered significant in relation to thresholds in, for example, the EU 
Industrial Emissions Directive (IED) and Industrial Emissions 
Portal Regulation (IEPR). Compliance with legal permits and 
input from local authorities was also considered. The assess -
ment concluded that pollution-related topics were not consid -
ered material impacts, risks or opportunities.
Biodiversity-related impacts and dependencies were identified 
and assessed by screening sites and value chain activities 
using recognized third-party tools, such as the ENCORE data -
base, WWF Biodiversity Risk Filter, and Integrated Biodiversity 
Assessment Tool (IBAT). This ensured the proper application 
of relevant assessment criteria, including the consideration of 
ecosystem services, relevant transition and physical risks, and 
systemic risks. The assessment concluded that biodiversity-  
related topics were not considered material impacts, risks or 
opportunities, as all biodiversity impacts and dependencies 
are already addressed as part of other material topics, such 
as climate change, waste, water and resource use.
In addition, the biodiversity screening identified three sites 
located in key biodiversity areas in China, Indonesia and Spain. 
The activities related to these sites were not considered to have 
a significant negative impact on the biodiversity areas and the 
sites are undertaking necessary mitigation measures as 
required by local authorities.
Double materiality results
Overview of material impacts, risks and opportunities
The material IROs identified confirmed Alfa Laval’s strategic 
direction and sustainability priorities, and there are no signifi -
cant changes compared to previous reporting periods. An over -
view of the material IROs is presented in the following table, 
including an indication of where in the business model and value 
chain these impacts, risks and opportunities occur. All material 
IROs are covered by ESRS standards as indicated in the table 
and are reported in the Sustainability Statement according to 
the corresponding disclosure requirements. No entity-specific 
sustainability matters have been identified.
Addressing climate change, resource use, the wellbeing of our 
workforce, and conducting business in an ethical manner, 
including managing relationships with suppliers, are all material 
from both an impact and financial perspective. Alfa Laval sells 
products that use energy and have a carbon footprint through -
out their lifetime, but also products that help customers save 
energy and reduce their climate impact. Similarly, processes use 
raw materials and water, but a range of products also contribute 
to saving and cleaning water, while servicing and upgrading 
products extends life expectancy and improves resource effi -
ciency. Ensuring a safe and inclusive working environment for 
employees free from bribery and corruption, and expecting the 
same of suppliers and business partners, is fundamental to both 
individual well-being and continued business growth.
Certain sustainability topics were assessed as material mainly 
from an impact perspective. These include waste from opera -
tions, working conditions in the supply chain, and protection for 
whistleblowers. Other topics, such as risks related to climate 
change adaptation and corruption and bribery or business 
opportunities in addressing water discharges, were mainly 
financially material. 
Sustainability Statement – General Information
20
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 21]
Further details on material IROs, and policies, actions, targets 
and metrics are reported in the topical sections of the Sustain -
ability Statement.
Effects of material impacts, risks and opportunities
The resilience of Alfa Laval’s strategy and business model and 
capacity to address material impacts, risks and opportunities is 
regularly assessed by Group Management and the Board of 
Directors in the annual strategy review. The review is based on 
input from the Alfa Laval business units and corporate functions 
focusing on topics that are most likely to affect Alfa Laval in the 
short, medium and long-term strategy (time horizons as per 
ESRS 1). This includes business development, market trends, 
and key risks identified through the group-wide ERM process. 
The outcome of the resilience assessment in terms of the effects 
of the identified material IROs on the business and financial posi-
tion is considered below. Additional details on the assessment of 
climate change resilience are presented in the E1 subchapter.
The Alfa Laval strategic direction for 2030 is well-aligned with 
the 4C sustainability strategy and supports most of the identi -
fied material impacts, risks and opportunities. Aspiring to be the 
transition leader means investing in opportunities that deliver 
positive impacts to customers and other stakeholders by provid -
ing solutions that improve energy and resource efficiency and 
reduce GHG emissions. This also means living up to commit-
ments and taking action to increase the efficient use of energy, 
water and other resources in the company’s own operations, 
while mitigating climate change impacts. The identification of 
climate-related IROs underlined the importance of accelerating 
efforts to reduce GHG emissions in the value chain to achieve 
Alfa Laval’s climate targets, and increased awareness of the 
need to address the effects of climate change on Alfa Laval sites.
The material social IROs are equally well represented in the 
Alfa Laval strategic direction and 4C strategy. With a focus on 
“People” as a central theme, the strategy highlights the need for 
upskilling employees and ensuring Alfa Laval has an engaged 
and innovative workforce that can contribute to sustained 
growth. Continuing efforts to provide a safe and inclusive work-
place are fundamental to maintaining a high level of employee 
engagement. The assessment of diversity as a material IRO 
emphasized that additional actions need to be taken to increase 
the proportion of women in the workforce in line with employee 
expectations and Alfa Laval’s 2030 targets.
Responsible business conduct has been a cornerstone of the 
Alfa Laval Business Principles and way of doing business for a 
long time. The identification of anti-bribery and anti-corruption 
and sustainable sourcing as material IROs are therefore in line 
with the business model while highlighting that continuous 
efforts are needed to maintain the high level of business ethics 
that stakeholders expect of Alfa Laval. There is also an increas -
ing awareness that more in-depth collaboration with responsi -
ble suppliers and other business partners is necessary to tackle 
sustainability impacts and risks throughout the value chain.
The financial effects of material risks and opportunities are 
addressed continuously as part of business performance 
reviews and financial planning. Any necessary adjustments 
to carrying amounts of assets or liabilities are reported in the 
quarterly or annual Financial Statements in accordance with 
financial accounting principles. Alfa Laval has not assessed 
that there is a significant risk that any IROs would lead to a 
material adjustment of the reported values of assets or liabilities 
in the coming annual reporting period.
Alfa Laval will continue to pursue business opportunities and 
make relevant acquisitions based on the company’s world- 
leading technologies in pioneering positive impacts such as 
clean energy and water, sustainable food production and 
decarbonized marine transportation. In this context, the mate -
rial IROs related particularly to climate change, water use and 
resource efficiency have had a positive effect on financial per -
formance and cash flows during the reporting period as seen in 
increasing sales of products and solutions that address these 
sustainability matters. 
Other current financial effects of material IROs are mainly 
 connected to operational expenditures to sustain all the ongo -
ing activities that are part of everyday business and contribute 
to the effective management of the IROs. This includes all the 
actions described in the topical sections, such as maintaining 
and developing a safety culture, learning platform, diversity 
initiatives, sustainable sourcing audits, and compliance pro -
gramme. It also includes the continued procurement of renew -
able energy, installation of solar panels, and a range of initia -
tives to improve the efficient use of energy, water and resources 
in Alfa Laval’s operations. The most significant operational 
expenditures are likely related to the research and development 
of products and solutions that can have a positive sustainability 
impact in the downstream value chain. All these expenditures 
are included in the financial statements and have influenced the 
financial performance during the reporting period. 
Sustainability Statement – General Information
21
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 22]
Sustainability topic Impact, risk and opportunity description Category Value chain Time horizon
E1 Climate change
Physical climate-  
related risks
Exposure to increasing precipitation and heat stress at Alfa Laval sites. Climate 
change may also disrupt the supply chain and affect the sourcing of certain materials.
Risk Upstream
Operations
Medium
Long
GHG emissions 
Scope 1 & 2
Fossil fuel consumption and energy use contribute to negative climate-related 
impacts. 
Significant investment in GHG emissions reductions is planned.
Impact (A -)
Risk
Operations Short
Medium
Long
GHG emissions 
Scope 3
The use of certain products results in considerable emissions during lifetime.  
Other  products have a positive impact and help customers reduce emissions. 
Increasing costs to reduce Scope 3 emissions.
Impact (A -)
Impact (A + )
Risk
Opportunity
Upstream
Downstream
Short
Medium
Long
Energy 
consumption
Energy use in manufacturing, upstream production of raw materials and the use of 
products downstream have negative impacts if based on fossil sources. 
Certain products contribute to energy savings downstream.
Impact (A -)
Impact (A + )
Risk
Opportunity
Upstream
Operations
Downstream
Short
Medium
Long
E3 Water and marine resources
Water withdrawals Water withdrawal in locations experiencing water stress has a negative impact and 
increases the risk of water shortages. 
Certain products contribute to water savings, reducing the need for water 
withdrawal.
Impact (A -)
Impact (A + )
Risk
Opportunity
Operations
Downstream
Short
Medium
Long
Water discharges Limited water discharges in Alfa Laval’s own operations, but products for waste -
water treatment help minimize the impact of water discharges downstream.
Impact (A -)
Opportunity
Downstream Short
Medium
Long
E5 Resource use and circular economy
Resource inflows Procurement of metal raw materials with significant environmental impact. 
 Dependency on the availability of low emission metals to achieve climate targets.
Impact (A -)
Risk
Upstream
Operations
Short
Medium
Long
Resource outflows Ensuring durable, repairable products with high recycled content through Alfa Laval’s 
design and service business to reduce environmental impact.
Impact (A -)
Impact (A + )
Opportunity
Operations
Downstream
Short
Medium
Long
Waste Reducing waste volumes and diverting an increased proportion of waste from 
 disposal contributes to improved resource efficiency.
Impact (A -) Operations Short
Medium
Long
S1 Own workforce
Health & safety Safety incidents have a negative impact on the workforce and disrupt operations. Impact (P -)
Risk
Operations Short
Medium
Long
Diversity & gender 
equality
A minority of women in the workforce and a gender pay gap is a negative impact on 
female employees. 
Lack of gender equality may impact company performance and the ability to attract 
top talent.
Impact (P -)
Risk
Operations Short
Medium
Long
Training & skills 
development
Training and skills development help employees grow and perform better in their 
current and future roles. 
Delivery on the business strategy requires a well-trained, innovative and flexible 
workforce.
Impact (P + )
Risk
Operations Short
Medium
Long
S2 Workers in the value chain
Working conditions Poor working conditions and human rights breaches have a negative impact on 
workers in the value chain.
Impact (P -) Upstream Short
Medium
Long
G1 Business conduct
Bribery and 
corruption
Bribery and corruption undermine trust in institutions and creates inequalities. 
 Corrupt business practices can result in fines and reputational damage.
Impact (P -)
Risk
Operations Short
Medium
Long
Protection of 
whistleblowers
Whistleblowers that are not properly protected may be at risk of retaliation from 
those implicated in the incident.
Impact (P -) Upstream 
Operations
Downstream
Short
Medium
Long
Management of 
supplier 
relationships
Many impacts on people and the environment are significant in the supply chain. 
Managing relationships with suppliers includes assessing and monitoring sustain -
ability risks.
Impact (P -)
Risk
Upstream
Operations
Short
Medium
Long
Explanation of categories (impact)
Impact (A – or A+) = Actual negative or positive impact
Impact (P – or P +) = Potential negative or positive impact
Sustainability Statement – General Information
22
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 23]
Interests and views of stakeholders
SBM-2
Alfa Laval engages with key stakeholders through a variety of 
channels to understand and reflect their interests and views in 
further developing the business strategy and addressing sus -
tainability priorities. Engagement with stakeholders takes place 
continuously as part of day-to-day operations, as well as through 
structured surveys and interviews for special purposes. Group 
Management and the Board of Directors are regularly informed 
about key insights from stakeholder dialogues concerning sus-
tainability-related impacts, risks and opportunities in periodic 
meetings as per the sustainability governance model.
Key stakeholder groups engaged include employees, custom -
ers, suppliers, investors, civil society and governmental organi -
zations, and industry associations. The purpose of these 
engagements is typically to better understand stakeholder 
expectations and address concerns, build trust and strengthen 
collaboration, and provide or collect information to enhance 
transparency or promote action on material sustainability topics. 
The insights gained from stakeholder dialogues contribute to the 
further development of the business, inform due diligence pro-
cesses and provide input to the double materiality assessment.
An example of direct stakeholder engagement is the annual 
employee survey VOICE, distributed to all Alfa Laval employees 
and with an annual response rate well above 80 percent. The 
survey is an opportunity for employees to confidentially provide 
feedback on their work situation, including development oppor-
tunities and day-to-day work, sense of belonging and well- being, 
as well as their relationship with their direct  manager, but also 
their perception of Alfa Laval as a company, including its corpo-
rate mission, values and leadership team.
The results of the survey show the employees’ level of engage-
ment with and support for the Alfa Laval strategy, and highlights 
sustainability topics important to them, such as inclusion and 
diversity, health and safety. Each year, the VOICE results are 
carefully analysed, and action plans are created to address 
employee concerns for instance regarding facilitating collabo -
ration between teams and accelerating diversity initiatives.
Other examples of stakeholder engagement include interaction 
with investors and analysts at capital market days, quarterly 
earnings calls, and the annual general meeting, as well as one-
to-one meetings during the year and through responding to ESG 
and other questionnaires and assessments. The focus of these 
dialogues is commonly to present and discuss Alfa Laval per-
formance and strategic direction, which can provide valuable 
insights regarding investor concerns and priorities. Requests for 
information on specific ESG topics directly influence the DMA 
and future external reporting including the contents of the 
 Sustainability Statement.
Engagement with customers takes place daily throughout the 
organization in response to customer enquiries and meetings 
with account managers aiming to better understand customer 
needs and solve their challenges, which in turn helps Alfa Laval 
adapt and further develop its product and service offerings. 
Results from recent customer satisfaction surveys highlight that 
Alfa Laval is seen as providing quality products and innovative 
solutions that support customers in reaching their sustainability 
goals, which is well aligned with the Alfa Laval strategic direc -
tion for 2030.
Close collaboration with suppliers is essential to successfully 
deliver on customer expectations. These are often long-term 
relationships supported by frequent dialogues on product design, 
deliveries of high-quality and sustainable materials, and pro -
moting positions on business ethics and human rights. A focus 
area for Alfa Laval is to gather additional information from sup -
pliers to evaluate their sustainability performance and identify 
partners that can contribute to reducing upstream GHG emis -
sions, for instance by providing low emission metals.
Engagement with supply chain workers occurs regularly during 
sustainable sourcing audits to gain insight into their working 
conditions and understand how Alfa Laval can contribute to 
remedying any negative impact caused through the business 
relationship with the supplier. By listening to value chain worker 
concerns, Alfa Laval can further refine the company’s approach 
to sustainable sourcing and identify viable options to support 
suppliers in improving working conditions for their employees.
Sustainability Statement – General Information
23
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 24]
Sustainability governance
GOV-1, GOV-2, GOV-3, GOV-4, GOV-5
Alfa Laval has a well-established governance structure with 
distinct roles and responsibilities as presented in the Corporate 
Governance Report. The Corporate Governance Report also 
includes information on the composition, diversity and relevant 
experience of the Board of Directors and Group Management, 
as well as the Board’s report on internal control. Material sustain-
ability impacts, risks and opportunities are addressed regularly 
by the Board and Group Management to ensure integration into 
Alfa Laval’s strategy and core business. Key aspects of the sus-
tainability governance model are described below.
Role and responsibilities of 
governance bodies
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors is the main administrative and supervisory 
body of Alfa Laval and is ultimately and collectively responsible 
for the management and administration of the company on behalf 
of the shareholders, including oversight of material sustainability 
impacts, risks and opportunities. The work and responsibilities 
of the Board are governed by Swedish legislation, regulations for 
companies with shares listed on the Nasdaq Stockholm stock 
exchange, and Alfa Laval’s articles of association.
There are written instructions established by the Board with 
details of roles and responsibilities, including Board commit-
tees. In accordance with these instructions, the Board of Direc -
tors as a whole is responsible for addressing the implications of 
material sustainability matters on business strategy. The Board 
shall approve the double materiality assessment, and the annual 
Sustainability Statement once reviewed by the Audit Committee. 
The Alfa Laval code of conduct (Business Principles), which sets 
the framework for sustainability governance, is also reviewed 
and adopted by the Board of Directors on a regular basis.
The overall direction for Alfa Laval is set by the Board, including 
deciding on the strategy and targets proposed by Group 
 Management that address material IROs. The Board regularly 
reviews the company’s financial and sustainability performance 
and evaluates the effectiveness of processes to manage material 
IROs. This is supported by the Alfa Laval internal controls frame-
work put in place to monitor key business processes, which is 
reviewed by the internal audit function and followed up by the 
Audit Committee of the Board. Further information is available in 
the Board of Directors’ Report on internal control in the Corporate 
Governance Report. 
Group Management
The President and CEO is appointed by the Board and is 
responsible for the everyday operation of the company. The 
CEO leads the Group Management team consisting of the 
Head of Global Sales & Service, three Divisional Presidents 
and the heads of HR, Finance and Group Affairs.
Group Management coordinates work with material impacts, 
risks and opportunities through corporate functions under the 
leadership of one of the executives on the management team. 
Most environmental and governance impacts and risks are 
coordinated through Group Sustainability and Group Legal, 
which are part of Group Affairs. Most social impacts and risks 
are coordinated through corporate functions such as Human 
Resources, represented in Group Management by the Senior 
Vice President, Human Resources. Responsibility for the day-
to-day management of material impacts, risks and opportuni -
ties is delegated to the leadership teams of the divisions and 
business units, and relevant sustainability aspects are inte -
grated into internal processes, such as product development, 
supplier assessments, and risk management.
Operational decisions and following up on performance relat -
ing to material sustainability impacts and risks are coordinated 
at senior management level in Sustainability Alignment Meet -
ings. These meetings are organized by the Vice President of 
Group Sustainability with representatives from key corporate 
functions and sustainability managers from the Alfa Laval 
 divisions. A summary of decisions, sustainability performance 
reviews, and any issues that need escalating are presented 
quarterly at Sustainability Sponsor Meetings with representa -
tives of Group Management.
Group management
Directs operations of company. Prepares and 
monitors compliance with sustainability targets,  
policies and strategic plans.
Group functions and division representatives  
Group decisions and follow up on performance relating 
to material sustainability impacts and risks.
Divisions and business units
Operational decisions and day-to-day management  
of material impacts, risks and opportunities.
Board of Directors and Audit Committee
Sets strategic direction. Decides on targets. Follows up on 
sustainability performance. Oversight of material  
sustainability impacts, risks and opportunities.
Sustainability Statement – General Information
24
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 25]
Competence and diversity of the governance bodies
The Board of Directors consists of ten non-executive directors, 
all of whom are independent of the company and eight (80 per-
cent) are also independent of major shareholders. Four (40 per-
cent) members of the Board are female, and all are older than 
50 years of age. Besides the directors elected at the general 
meeting of shareholders, the trade union organizations appoint 
three employee representatives to the Board as well as deputies 
for these representatives.
The Board members have extensive experience relevant to Alfa 
Laval’s business sectors, technologies, products and geographic 
locations. The diverse backgrounds of the Board members and 
collective experiences from successful careers in various indus -
tries enables the Board to effectively oversee the company’s 
operations.
Individual Board members have specific competence and 
expertise in areas directly related to Alfa Laval’s material 
impacts, risks and opportunities and can leverage these in the 
supervision of sustainability matters. The Board members have 
experience from Board or senior management positions at other 
companies with ambitious sustainability agendas that are 
affected by the same laws and regulations as Alfa Laval. This 
allows the Board to provide insights on the reporting of sustain -
ability performance and challenge Alfa Laval’s management.
A self-evaluation of the Board’s work is made each year, includ-
ing an assessment of the need to develop Board competence in 
specific areas, which can include material sustainability impacts, 
risks and opportunitites. The Board has direct access to sus -
tainability-related expertise in Alfa Laval and engages external 
experts and consultants to provide additional insights and 
 guidance when deemed necessary. Thorough introductory pro -
grammes for new Board members and annual educational field 
trips also contribute to the competence development of the Board.
Information sharing and performance monitoring
The Board of Directors is regularly updated by the President 
and CEO or EVP Group Affairs/Secretary to the Board, who 
participate in all Board meetings on developments affecting 
the company’s financial and sustainability management and 
performance in relation to material impacts, risks and opportu -
nities. The material IROs addressed by the Board and Group 
Management during the year are primarily those identified in 
the double materiality assessment and listed in the table in the 
“Double materiality results” section.
At least two times per year, the Board invites the VP Sustain -
ability and other relevant employees to meetings to update and 
evaluate the double materiality assessment and review Alfa 
Laval’s performance on key sustainability metrics and targets 
for the previous year. In addition, the Audit Committee follows 
up sustainability performance metrics and adherence to sus -
tainability reporting regulations on a quarterly basis as part of 
their review of the quarterly reports.
Material IROs are explicitly considered by the Board and Group 
Management when setting the strategic direction and have 
been included in various ways in the updated strategy for 2030. 
For example, reducing GHG emissions and improving energy 
and resource efficiency is integral to the sustainable business 
strategy in reducing environmental impacts and also a key part 
of many customer solutions, which provides opportunities for 
future business growth.
The variable remuneration of the CEO and other members of 
Group Management is based on criteria that are intended to 
deliver Alfa Laval’s strategy and support the company’s long-
term development, including sustainability. While the incentive 
scheme is not currently connected directly to the 4C sustain -
ability targets, a significant part of the variable remuneration is 
based on increasing company net sales, which includes prod -
ucts and solutions that contribute to mitigating downstream 
climate impacts and improving resource efficiency. Further 
details on incentive schemes and the executive remuneration 
policy adopted by the annual general meeting are available in 
the Note 5 of the Financial Statements, and in the Remunera -
tion Report referenced in this note.
Risk Management and 
 internal controls
Key elements of Alfa Laval risk management and internal con -
trols are described in the Board of Directors’ report on internal 
control, included in the Corporate Governance Report, and 
apply also to sustainability reporting. Within this framework, 
assessment of significant sustainability reporting risks and the 
implementation of relevant mitigation strategies are conducted 
separately for each material sustainability topic by the corpo -
rate function responsible for data collection – primarily Group 
Sustainability for environmental data and Group Legal and 
Group Risk & Compliance for governance data.
The approach for assessing and managing sustainability 
reporting risks is aligned with the procedures for risk assess -
ments pertaining to financial reporting. This includes identifying, 
evaluating and prioritizing risks that may affect compliance with 
sustainability policies and the quality of sustainability data used 
for decision-making or public reporting. Controls are imple -
mented to ensure data accuracy, completeness and compliance 
with external reporting requirements and internal governing 
documents. Regular reviews and internal audits are carried 
outto assess the effectiveness of controls and identify areas for 
improvement. Findings from these reviews are reported periodi -
cally to the Audit Committee by the Internal Audit function and 
Group Sustainability.
The process for data collection and the main reporting risks 
identified vary depending on the sustainability topic. Most envi -
ronmental and health and safety data is collected directly from 
operational sites through a group-wide reporting platform, and 
some of the risks identified include potentially inaccurate, late 
or missing data due to human error. These risks are mitigated 
through automated data verification in the reporting software 
as well as manual checks by controllers in the organization. A 
centralized sustainability reporting team maintains documented 
reporting instructions and offers training and hands-on guidance 
to support the reporting process.
Sustainability Statement – General Information
25
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 26]
In 2025, Alfa Laval extended the roles of financial controllers to 
also include periodic quality reviews of energy, water, waste, and 
health and safety data reported by all local sites and expanded 
the team of sustainability controllers at Group level. In addition, 
Alfa Laval initiated the implementation of a new sustainability 
reporting platform to better coordinate the collection and con-
solidation of the full range of sustainability data. These improve-
ments in sustainability reporting will likely contribute to reduced 
reporting risks and more accurate and timely sustainability data 
going forward.
Sustainability policies and 
due diligence
Alfa Laval’s operational sustainability governance model is 
based on the Three lines of defence concept. The first line of 
defence includes operational management, the second line is 
legal entity managers, Group and oversight functions, and the 
third line of defence involves internal audit. A key responsibility 
of the Group functions is to develop policies, procedures and 
other governing documents that guide the organization in 
achieving objectives and targets. Together these policies and 
procedures form a sustainability governance framework to 
address the most material sustainability impacts, risks and 
opportunities.
Sustainability policies
The Alfa Laval Business Principles is the foundational governing 
document that is acknowledged and signed by the Board of 
Directors. All other Alfa Laval policies refer to the Business 
 Principles. In 2025, the Business Principles underwent a thor -
ough review and update, emphasizing Alfa Laval’s role in the 
workplace, in industry and in society, how each employee can 
contribute and what stakeholders can expect of the company. 
The Business Principles address a broad range of sustainability 
topics, including workplace-related issues such as health and 
safety, fair working conditions, and inclusion and diversity. 
Another set of principles covers market and industry topics 
such as fair and free competition, bribery and corruption, 
and responsible sourcing. Reducing environmental impact, 
respecting human rights, and ensuring information is handled 
responsibly are all part of the principles concerning Alfa Laval’s 
commitment to society.
Within each area covered in the Business Principles there are 
more detailed policies, directives and procedures that are part 
of the hierarchy of governing documents to guide and direct 
activities in the company. Important overarching policies that 
reflect several of the most material impacts, risks and opportu -
nities are the Environmental Policy, People Policy and Human 
Rights Policy. All these policies apply to the entire Alfa Laval 
Group and all employees.
The Alfa Laval Environmental Policy was updated in 2025 to 
more fully address material environmental topics, including 
climate change mitigation and adaptation, resource use and 
circular economy, emphasizing key principles for achieving tar-
gets in these areas. In the policy, Alfa Laval commits to applying 
the precautionary principle and ensuring that environmental 
management systems certified according to ISO 14001 or 
equivalent standards are in place in the organization. In 2025, 
70 percent of manufacturing sites were ISO 14001 certified. The 
Vice President Group Sustainability has overall responsibility for 
the policy, while Business Unit Presidents are responsible for 
implementing it in their respective organizations. Implementa -
tion of and compliance with the policy is ensured through the 
monitoring of environmental performance and internal controls. 
The policy is reviewed regularly by the Vice President Group 
Sustainability, updated as necessary and adopted by Group 
Management.
The People Policy clarifies Alfa Laval’s commitment to providing 
a safe and inclusive workplace with fair terms of employment that 
respects the human rights of all employees. The policy addresses 
the company’s role as an employer as well as expectations on 
employees about how to conduct themselves in the workplace. 
The Alfa Laval position on inclusion and diversity, equal opportu-
nities, safety and wellbeing, data privacy, and rewards and 
 recognition are some of the main topics covered by the People 
Policy. Employees should report any misconduct to their man-
ager, HR or through the whistleblowing function. The People 
Policy is owned and reviewed regularly by the Executive Vice 
President Human Resources and adopted by Group 
Management.
The Human Rights Policy highlights Alfa Laval’s respect for 
human rights in accordance with the International Bill of Human 
Rights and the International Labour Organisation’s (ILO) 
 Declaration on the Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. 
The policy clarifies the commitment to carry out regular human 
rights risk assessments and implementing due diligence proce-
dures guided by the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enter-
prises and the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human 
Rights. Health and safety, inclusion and diversity, bribery and 
corruption, and freedom of association in some parts of the 
organization, as well as child labour and forced labour in the 
supply chain, are among the salient human rights risks identi -
fied and addressed in the Human Rights Policy. The Vice Presi -
dent Group Sustainability is owner of the Human Rights Policy, 
reviewing and updating the policy regularly as necessary, and 
Group Management adopts the policy. 
Sustainability due diligence
Central components in many of the sustainability policies and 
guidelines are the performance of regular risk assessments and 
integration of due diligence procedures into business processes 
to consider material impacts on people and the environment. 
Alfa Laval performs regular human rights risk assessments at 
Group level to identify and focus efforts on the most salient risks 
in its own operations and the value chain. Recurring assess -
ments of environmental and safety risks are carried out through -
out the organization as part of local environmental and health 
and safety management systems. Risk assessments and eval -
uations of suppliers are also performed regularly to ensure they 
meet expectations and ambitions on sustainability as set out in 
the Business Principles for Suppliers.
Sustainability due diligence is part of many processes, and this 
is described in several parts of the Sustainability Statement as 
indicated in Table 2 in the Notes and tables chapter.
Sustainability Statement – General Information
26
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 27]
Basis for preparation
BP-1, BP-2, IRO-2
General basis for preparation
Consolidation
The Sustainability Statement has been prepared on a consoli -
dated basis and follows the same consolidation principles as 
the financial statements. It includes the parent company Alfa 
Laval AB (publ) and the subsidiaries in which it has a decisive 
influence. 
Value chain coverage
The Sustainability Statement covers value chain information 
relating to material direct and indirect business relationships in 
the upstream and downstream value chain. The entire value 
chain was considered in the assessment of IROs.
Omission of information
No significant information concerning intellectual property, 
know-how or the results of innovation has been omitted from 
the Sustainability Statement. No exemption from disclosure of 
impending developments or matters currently under negotia -
tion has been exercised.
Specific circumstances
Time horizons
Alfa Laval applies the time horizons defined in ESRS 1 in the 
Sustainability Statement – short-term corresponds to the 
reporting period in the financial statements, medium-term is up 
to five years, and long-term is more than five years. For certain 
topics, such as climate change, the long-term time horizon 
extends considerably beyond five years, with “near-term” GHG 
emissions reduction targets set for 2030 and “long-term” GHG 
emissions targets to be achieved by 2050.
Value chain estimation
Alfa Laval uses estimates of value chain data for certain metrics 
where direct measurement is not currently feasible, primarily for 
upstream and downstream scope 3 GHG emissions. All scope 
3 GHG emission categories are calculated using a combination 
of primary data sources, for example activity data on energy use 
or material weights, and recognized secondary sources, such 
as generic emission factors and industry-average data.
The use of secondary data results in less accurate information 
than if only primary sources were used. Alfa Laval is working on 
improving data collection processes to enhance the accuracy of 
scope 3 GHG emissions calculations, for instance by requesting 
actual data and specific emission factors from customers and 
suppliers.
Value chain estimates are also to a limited extent used to compile 
data on operational sites, for example if precise energy, water or 
waste data is not available due to leasing arrangements and the 
lack of individual metering for the office space rented by Alfa 
Laval. Through dialogues with landlords and requesting more 
accurate and timely data, Alfa Laval is seeking to reduce the 
need for estimates in the future.
Further details on the estimates used are provided in connec -
tion with the relevant topical disclosures and in the methodol -
ogy notes in the Notes and tables section.
Sources of estimation and outcome uncertainty
The quantitative metrics disclosed in the Sustainability State -
ment are mostly based on reasonably accurate measurements 
of actual outcomes during the reporting period. Certain metrics, 
rely on estimates, assumptions or the availability of accurate 
value chain data and are therefore uncertain. 
In the Sustainability Statement, the metrics with the highest 
level of measurement uncertainty are scope 3 GHG emissions. 
Scope 3 categories such as purchased goods and services (3.1) 
and capital goods (3.2) are partly or wholly calculated using 
spend-based data and emission factors from Environmentally 
Extended Input-Output (EEIO) model databases, which pro -
vide generalized estimates of emissions. Calculations of scope 
3 GHG emissions from the use of sold products (3.11) are inher-
ently uncertain as they are based on assumptions regarding 
how products are used and the type of energy sourced by 
customers. 
Further details on the assumptions, approximations and judge-
ments made for the metrics disclosed in the Sustainability 
Statement are provided in connection with the relevant topical 
disclosures and in the methodology notes in the Notes and 
tables chapter.
None of the metrics in the Sustainability Statement have been 
validated by an external body other than company auditors, 
unless specifically mentioned in the topical sections or Notes 
and tables chapter.
Changes in preparation or presentation of 
 sustainability information
This is the first year of sustainability reporting aligned with 
CSRD and based on ESRS. Alfa Laval has previously reported 
in accordance with the voluntary GRI Standards and most of 
the GRI indicators disclosed in prior Sustainability reports are 
similar to the ESRS disclosures in this year’s Sustainability 
Statement. No material sustainability information previously 
reported under the GRI Standards has been excluded from the 
ESRS-based Sustainability Statement.
The definition and calculation of metrics, including metrics Alfa 
Laval uses to set targets and monitor progress towards them, 
are to be consistent over time. Whenever available, compara -
tive data for the previous year is disclosed alongside data for 
the current year for each metric in the Sustainability Statement, 
and comments on performance or other changes are provided.
Sustainability Statement – General Information
27
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 28]
Improvements in data accuracy or availability may trigger 
restatements of metrics reported for prior years. In 2025, there 
were significant changes to the methodology for calculating 
scope 3 GHG emissions, which led to increased baseline (2020) 
emissions and restatement of 2024 emissions. Improved cover-
age of employee reporting means headcount and other data is 
now available for the full workforce. Detailed information on the 
impact of these and other material changes is presented in con-
nection with the relevant topical disclosures or in the Notes and 
tables chapter.
Reporting errors in prior periods
Alfa Laval corrects material prior period errors by restating the 
comparative amounts for the prior period(s) disclosed. Correc -
tions of errors are distinguished from changes in estimates. 
Estimates may need to be revised as additional information 
becomes known. When errors are identified in a Sustainability 
Statement from prior periods, Alfa Laval will make an assess -
ment whether the data should be restated from a materiality 
perspective based on the significance of the finding. Any 
adjustments made will be clearly stated in the Sustainability 
Statement in connection with the relevant disclosures or the 
Notes and tables section. No material errors in prior reporting 
periods have been identified in 2025.
Disclosures stemming from other legislation or 
 sustainability reporting pronouncements
The Alfa Laval Sustainability Statement follows the structure 
prescribed by ESRS 1 and contains all disclosure requirements 
from ESRS 2 and topical ESRS standards assessed as material 
in the double materiality assessment. Disclosures pursuant to the 
EU Taxonomy for sustainable activities regulation are included in 
the Notes and tables chapter at the end of the Sustainability 
Statement, with detailed information on alignment with the EU 
Taxonomy criteria, including the proportion of activities that 
qualify as environmentally sustainable. No additional information 
stemming from other legislation or sustainability reporting stan-
dards and frameworks is currently included in the  Sustainability 
Statement. Alfa Laval continuously monitors developments in 
sustainability reporting and may consider integrating additional 
standards or frameworks in future reports to enhance transpar-
ency and accountability.
Use of phase-in provisions
Alfa Laval has opted to exercise the phase-in allowances to omit 
reporting of quantified anticipated financial effects arising from 
environmental risks and opportunities according to disclosure 
requirements E1-9, E3-5, E5-6. In addition, Alfa Laval will not 
apply the ESRS S2 standard on “Workers in the value chain” 
but will provide a summarized description of how these impacts, 
risks and opportunities are managed in accordance with the 
minimum disclosure requirements in the S2 subchapter.
ESRS disclosure 
requirements
Context index and materiality of information
The list of ESRS disclosure requirements complied with in pre -
paring the Sustainability Statement (content index) is provided 
in the Notes and tables chapter, including page numbers where 
the disclosures may be found in the statement. 
The ESRS disclosure requirements were identified based on the 
outcome of the DMA. A qualitative assessment of the materiality 
of the required disclosures and datapoints in relation to the mate-
rial IROs was carried out applying the criteria in ESRS 1 section 
3.2. This involved evaluating whether the requested information 
was relevant based on its significance to the matter it represents 
or its ability to meet the decision-making needs of users.
As a result of the assessment of materiality of information, a 
limited number of datapoints have been excluded from the Sus-
tainability Statement when they do not align with material IROs. 
As an example, there is no disclosure on policy to prevent late 
payments to suppliers in accordance with G1-2, as this was not 
considered a material IRO, but Alfa Laval’s approach to supplier 
sustainability assessments is included in the Sustainability 
Statement, as this datapoint in G1-2 represents a material IRO.
Datapoints from other EU legislation
The required list of datapoints derived from other EU legislation, 
including those assessed as not material, is presented in the 
Notes and tables chapter.
Note on ESEF tagging
As the EU has not yet approved the digital taxonomies for ESRS 
and Article 8, the Sustainability Statement has not been tagged 
according to the European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) as 
required in 14§ chapter 6 of the Swedish Annual Accounts Act.
Sustainability Statement – General Information
28
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 29]
E1 Climate change
Mitigating and adapting to climate change is high on Alfa Laval’s sustainability agenda. Pioneering 
solutions that increase energy efficiency and contribute to decarbonizing value chains are central to its 
sustainable business strategy. At the same time, certain products have a significant carbon footprint 
downstream, and a changing climate exposes Alfa Laval sites to risks that need to be addressed.
Impacts, risks and 
opportunities
SBM-3, IRO-1
Climate-related impacts
GHG emissions from Alfa Laval operations (scope 1 and 2) are 
actual negative climate change impacts. The main source of 
scope 1 emissions is fossil fuels used in company cars and for 
heating purposes or process-related activities in manufacturing 
and service operations. Scope 2 emissions are lower than 
scope 1 emissions, as almost all electricity and a substantial 
portion of purchased heating comes from renewable sources. 
These emissions occur now and in the short to medium term, 
but Alfa Laval’s aim is to eliminate its scope 1 and 2 emissions 
by 2027. In 2025, total scope 1 and market-based scope 2 
emissions were around 18,000 tCO 2e, which is 62 percent 
lower than the baseline year 2020.
Emissions in the value chain are considerably higher than Alfa 
Laval’s operational emissions, and around 99.9 percent of the 
company’s total GHG emissions are in scope 3. More than 95 
percent of these emissions occur downstream from customers 
using Alfa Laval products that run on fossil fuels or electricity 
from fossil fuel sources. Most of the remaining scope 3 emis -
sions occur upstream in the production of goods and services 
purchased by Alfa Laval. These emissions are actual negative 
impacts that will continue until Alfa Laval reaches net zero value 
chain GHG emissions by 2050.
While Alfa Laval products such as pumps, separators and boil -
ers use energy to function, Alfa Laval’s range of heat exchangers 
instead transfer and recover thermal energy in the applications 
where they are installed. This represents a considerable actual 
positive climate change impact in the short, medium and long 
term, as these products contribute to saving energy and avoid -
ing GHG emissions that would otherwise occur. Calculations 
show that the estimated total annual emissions savings of Alfa 
Laval heat exchangers are equivalent to the Group’s total scope 
1-3 emissions.
Climate-related risks and opportunities
Methodology for climate-related risk assessment
In 2024, Alfa Laval performed a high-level assessment of the 
possible implications of climate change on its long-term strat -
egy and business model aligned with the methodology of TCFD. 
The assessment of physical climate-  related risks was focused 
on its own operations and assets, whereas the assessment of 
transition risks and opportunities also implicitly addressed the 
upstream and downstream value chain. All  relevant physical 
and transition risks were analysed, considering the nature of the 
businesses and geographic location of Alfa Laval sites.
The analysis of physical climate-related risks was done using 
a third-party tool and based on the well-established climate 
scenarios “Net Zero 2050” (where emissions follow the IPCC 
SSP1 – RCP2.6 scenario, which is associated with a ~ 1.5°C 
temperature rise from pre-industrial times by the end of the 
century), “Middle of the Road” (equivalent to the IPCC SSP2 
– RCP4.5 scenario, associated with a 2-3°C temperature rise), 
and the high emission scenario “Hothouse World” (following 
the IPCC SSP5 – RCP8.5 scenario with a temperature 
increase of more than 4°C). 
The physical climate-related risk analysis considered exposure 
to acute and chronic climate-related hazards for all Alfa Laval 
factories, offices, service centres and field service locations 
based on likelihood and severity of the hazards and the geo -
spatial coordinates of the sites. In the analysis, time horizons 
from the present day to 2030, 2050 and 2100, were applied, 
which corresponds to the short- and long-term horizons that 
are used for the Sustainability Statement. These horizons also 
align with the capital allocation plans and expected useful lives 
of the machinery (7-14 years) and buildings (25-33 years) that 
may be exposed to the climate-related hazards.
Environment
Sustainability Statement – Environment  
29
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 30]
The analysis of transition risks was a qualitative assessment 
considering the IEA’s Announced Pledges (APS) scenario and 
Net Zero Emissions (NZE) by 2050 scenario. The APS scenario 
assumes moderate and delayed policy, technology and market 
changes compared to a net zero scenario but results in more 
significant transition risks than a business-as-usual scenario 
based on current policies. The NZE scenario represents a rapid 
decarbonization pathway and is consistent with limiting global 
temperature rise to 1.5 °C. Such a scenario means deploying a 
wide range of clean energy technologies and requires strong 
and coordinated public policies and incentives. 
In preparing the Financial Statement, the company has applied 
the same climate-related assumptions as those on which the 
above-mentioned climate scenarios are based to climate as in 
the sustainability statement. As indicated in Note 1, there was 
no material climate-related impact on the financial position or 
financial performance in the current reporting period.
Resilience analysis and outcome of the risk assessment
The assessment of climate-related impacts, risks and opportu -
nities provided input to the resilience analysis of the strategy 
and business model, covering own operations globally, and 
considering key suppliers and customers. The resilience analy -
sis was performed in parallel with the climate-related risk 
assessment in 2024 and applied the same time horizons.
The analysis of physical risks showed that the most prevalent 
and material climate-related hazard is exposure to significant 
levels and duration of precipitation. This could potentially affect 
many Alfa Laval locations by mid-century in a high emissions 
RCP8.5 scenario.
Other notable but less material hazards in terms of number and 
value of affected properties include chronic heat stress and acute 
river flooding. In general, locations in China, India and southeast 
Asia have a higher exposure to climate-related hazards com -
pared to sites in Europe. This applies equally to the company’s 
suppliers, who are typically located in the same geographic 
regions as Alfa Laval’s main manufacturing sites.
Although physical risk assessments are subject to the inherent 
uncertainties of climate scenario modelling, Alfa Laval has 
decided to address the identified risks by initiating a project to 
assess possible adaptation measures at selected sites exposed 
to climate-related hazards. The climate proofing project has so 
far identified a range of measures to mitigate the impacts of 
extreme weather that will be considered for inclusion in annual 
real estate investment and maintenance plans going forward.
The analysis of transition risks did not identify any transition events 
that would have a material financial impact on the company or 
require a significant adjustment of the strategy or business model 
in the short or medium term. Decarbonization levers to achieve 
Alfa Laval’s GHG emissions reduction targets are addressed 
in the Climate Transition Action Plan. Ongoing and planned 
actions in accordance with the transition plan are disclosed in 
the Actions section below.
The use phase emissions that occur during the lifetime of the 
company’s products remain a challenge as there is a depen-
dency on partners in the value chain. Alfa Laval is addressing 
these emissions through product innovation, but fully eliminat -
ing emissions from product use assumes that customers are 
willing to procure renewable energy to the extent forecasted in 
the NZE scenario, which is a source of uncertainty.
Given Alfa Laval’s strategic positioning as a transition leader, 
both the APS and NZE scenarios will support increased busi -
ness growth, and the conclusion from the resilience analysis was 
that the opportunities will outweigh the transition risks in either 
of these scenarios. In fact, the most significant climate  -related 
risk would likely be in a high emissions scenario where the green 
energy transition slows down substantially and therefore affects 
market demand for Alfa Laval’s products and solutions.
Management of impacts, 
risks and opportunities
E1-1, E1-2, E1-3
Climate Transition Action Plan
During 2025, Alfa Laval prepared a transition plan for climate 
change mitigation, setting a framework with actions to be taken 
on the path towards the Group’s GHG emission reduction target 
for 2030 and net-zero emissions target for 2050. Alfa Laval’s 
targets have been reviewed and acknowledged by the Science 
Based Targets initiative (SBTi) as compatible with the limiting 
of global warming to 1.5°C in line with the Paris Agreement. Alfa 
Laval is included in the EU Paris- Aligned Benchmark.
The transition plan has been developed mainly through a bot -
tom-up approach with each business unit preparing a plan 
with relevant actions. The Alfa Laval Group Climate Transition 
Action Plan (CTAP) is effectively a consolidation of the individ-
ual business unit plans. This approach increases awareness 
and engagement in the organisation and ensures that the 
 climate change mitigation actions are embedded in business 
unit strategies and financial planning. Business unit manage -
ment signs off on the local transition plans and Group Manage -
ment signs off on the consolidated plan, which is then approved 
by the Board of Directors.
The transition plan is publicly available and a summary accord -
ing to ESRS disclosure requirements is provided below. The key 
decarbonisation levers to achieve the GHG emissions reduction 
targets are presented in terms of decarbonizing own operations 
and transitioning the value chain, with further details on the 
levers and actions taken or planned disclosed in the Actions 
section, disclosure E1-3.
Decarbonizing own operations
Alfa Laval’s transition journey started by addressing the GHG 
emissions with the greatest potential to influence – those aris -
ing from its own operations. There is a commitment to reduce 
scope 1 and 2 emissions. Key decarbonization levers to achieve 
the scope 1 and 2 net zero emissions target already by 2027 are 
electrification, phasing out fossil fuels, purchasing renewable 
electricity, and increasing energy efficiency across operations. 
Sustainability Statement – Environment  
30
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 31]
The company’s Green Transition Program is aimed at removing 
fossil fuel dependency for heating in owned facilities. Natural gas 
heating systems in buildings are being replaced with heat pump 
solutions powered by renewable electricity or with connection 
to renewable district heating networks where this is available. 
Alfa Laval is actively transitioning away from fossil fuel-based 
process equipment by continuously electrifying or replacing 
gas-fired systems with renewable alternatives. The same 
applies to the company car fleet, and the company prioritizes 
electric vehicles whenever feasible in locations with a well- 
developed charging infrastructure and suitable driving patterns.
There is a clear commitment to achieve 100 percent renewable 
electricity use across all operations by 2030. This target will be 
met by sourcing renewable energy attribution certificates (EAC) 
and expanding on-site renewable electricity generation through 
photovoltaic installations.
Climate transition in the value chain
Most of Alfa Laval’s scope 3 GHG emissions occur downstream 
in the use of the company’s products. This is also the most sig-
nificant source of locked-in emissions. Reducing downstream 
value chain emissions in line with scope 3 targets requires Alfa 
Laval to continue to innovate its product portfolio but also 
depends on customers’ using renewable energy sources to 
power the products they purchase. 
To support this transition, the product portfolio is being actively 
expanded to further accommodate renewable fuels. While main-
taining a fuel-agnostic approach, the goal is to enable flexibility 
for future fuel solutions, for instance in the Marine division where 
investments are being made in technology development for boil-
ers, heaters and cargo pumps.
Increasing energy efficiency in the product use phase is another 
key action that will contribute to lowering the carbon footprint of 
the Alfa Laval product portfolio. Efforts are underway to lower 
energy consumption in rotating equipment such as pumps and 
electrically powered actuation technologies to reduce reliance 
on compressed air. Advancements in automation and smart 
functionality ensure equipment operates at optimal efficiency.
The growing importance of energy efficiency in reducing emis -
sions is driving increased demand for service strategies that 
ensure reliable and optimized equipment performance through-
out the lifecycle. Alfa Laval’s service offering is built around easily 
upgradeable products, intelligent monitoring and predictive 
maintenance systems, that can enhance energy efficiency and 
extend operational ife span. 
Upstream scope 3 emissions associated with the procurement 
of raw materials and components represent a substantial portion 
of the overall carbon footprint of Alfa Laval products. Metals, 
particularly stainless steel, carbon steel and titanium, account 
for most upstream emissions. A key decarbonization lever is to 
accelerate the transition toward low-emission metals in Alfa 
Laval products. This will be achieved through engaging and 
partnering with suppliers that can provide metals with a 
low-carbon footprint, containing a high proportion of recycled 
content produced in fossil-free production processes.
Implementing the transition plan
The Climate Transition Action Plan was adopted by the Board 
of Directors in late 2025 and is now being rolled out throughout 
the organization. Many of the actions presented in the transition 
plan are part of ongoing programmes in different parts of Alfa 
Laval and are in varying stages of completion, as is further 
described in the Actions section. 
The activities intended to decarbonize own operations are mostly 
well underway and significant reductions of GHG emissions have 
already been achieved over the past couple of years. From the 
base year 2020, scope 1 GHG emissions have decreased by 
over 8,000 tCO2e (37 percent) and scope 2 by almost 22,000 
tCO2e (83 percent) until 2025.
Over the next couple of years, approximately EUR 30 million is 
expected to be invested in heat pumps for heating and cooling, 
as well as other renewable technologies to decarbonize own 
operations. These investments in electrification and phasing 
out fossil fuels, along with energy efficiency improvements in 
buildings and processes, as well as increasing procurement 
and self-generation of renewable electricity will contribute to 
the reduction of the remaining 12,500 tCO 2e of scope 1 GHG 
emissions and 3,000 tCO 2e of scope 2 GHG emissions to 
reach the net zero targets by 2027.
Achieving the scope 1 and 2 GHG emission target will also 
depend on external factors such as the availability of renewable 
electricity, grid capacity and charging infrastructure for electric 
vehicles in the countries where the company operates. In addition, 
phasing out fossil fuels in locations where Alfa Laval is a tenant 
presumes the landlord is prepared to make such investments. 
When this is not the case, Alfa Laval will explore the option of 
purchasing biomethane certificates through established book 
and claim systems.
Actions to mitigate climate impacts in the value chain are also 
ongoing but have to date not managed to reduce total scope 3 
GHG emissions. Additional efforts to evolve and adapt the 
product offering by developing both existing and emerging 
technologies and applications are needed. This includes incre-
mental energy efficiency improvements as well as innovations 
that help customers to significantly reduce their climate impact. 
Each year Alfa Laval has research and development costs 
amounting to around 2.5 percent of net sales, and product 
innovation to improve energy efficiency and reduce emissions 
is a substantial part of this research. This includes continued 
development of products and solutions to increase alignment 
with the EU taxonomy for sustainable activities, as disclosed in 
the Notes and tables chapter. With accelerated and focused 
research on innovating the product portfolio, scope 3 GHG 
emissions can potentially be reduced by an estimated 18 million 
tCO2e by 2030.
While product development is the main decarbonization lever 
for reducing GHG emissions in the downstream value chain, 
procurement of materials with a low climate impact are the key 
to reducing upstream emissions. Alfa Laval is actively minimiz -
ing material use in products to reduce resource consumption 
and intensifying efforts to transition to low-emission metals. 
Sustainability Statement – Environment  
31
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 32]
With the current plan to increase purchases of low-emission 
metals from sustainable suppliers, the expectation is that scope 
3 GHG emissions will be reduced by an estimated 900,000 
tCO2e by 2030. 
In addition to the decarbonization levers mentioned above, it 
is clear that progress towards the company’s scope 3 targets 
for 2030 and 2050 is dependant on external factors such as 
global climate policy developments, and the decarbonization 
plans of customers and suppliers. This will influence the demand 
for Alfa Laval products, as well as the availability of renewable 
energy and access to low-emission metals.
Alfa Laval actively advocates for the development of enabling 
global climate policies, for instance by participating in UN 
 Climate Change Conferences, and engages with both suppliers 
and customers to promote adoption of renewable energy tech-
nologies and climate change mitigation activities. This engage-
ment is manifested in partnerships with customers, suppliers 
and other stakeholders to drive action that is expected to deliver 
the value chain transition needed to reach Alfa Laval’s GHG 
emissions reduction targets. 
Policies
The Environmental Policy is the overarching document setting 
the direction for the company’s management of all environmen-
tal topics, including climate change. The Environmental Policy 
clarifies Alfa Laval’s commitment to minimize the environmental 
impacts of its operations as well as products and services 
throughout the value chain. The policy addresses the most 
material impacts and risks as defined by the double materiality 
assessment and sustainability strategy. This includes climate 
change mitigation and adaptation, energy efficiency in opera -
tions and products, increasing the proportion of sourced renew -
able energy and phasing out fossil fuels. Further information 
on the Environmental Policy is presented in the Sustainability 
Governance section in the General Information chapter.
Alfa Laval has developed additional procedures and guidelines 
to support the implementation of the Environmental Policy 
throughout the organization. This includes a Climate Frame -
work outlining key processes and actions necessary to reach 
climate- related targets and adapting to actual and expected 
climate change. The Climate Framework is aligned with the 
CTAP and clarifies roles and responsibilities for key activities 
to deliver on the plan, including reducing operational emissions, 
transforming the product portfolio and considering climate- 
related impacts and risks in business development. Implemen -
tation of the Environmental Policy and Climate Framework is 
further supported by more specific group-wide guidelines and 
instructions issued by relevant corporate functions, for instance 
on climate adaptation of buildings, performance of energy 
audits, and GHG emission limits for company cars.
Actions
In recognition of the business and societal challenges of climate 
change, Alfa Laval is taking concrete steps to reduce GHG 
emissions in its own operations and the value chain, while also 
addressing the need for adapting to the increasingly severe 
impacts of a changing climate.
A summary of key climate change mitigation actions in line with 
the Alfa Laval Environmental Policy and the company’s science- 
based emission reduction targets is presented below, organized 
by significant decarbonization lever as identified in the CTAP. 
The already achieved emission reductions resulting from com -
pleted mitigation actions are included in the GHG emissions 
data presented in the metrics section, disclosure E1-6. The total 
expected emission reductions from planned actions are disclosed 
in connection with the CTAP, disclosure E1-1. 
Besides the resources allocated to scope 1 and 2 emission 
reduction activities as mentioned in connection with the CTAP, 
the climate mitigation actions do not require significant invest -
ments and will be financed as part of day-to-day business 
operations.
In addition to the climate change mitigation actions mentioned 
below, Alfa Laval is also undertaking action to address physical 
climate-related risks. These actions primarily involve the adap -
tation of sites exposed to climate-related hazards according to 
the climate risk assessment described in the Climate-related 
risks and opportunities section. 
The adaptation measures identified to date are mostly building 
improvements and engineered solutions, such as upgrading 
drainage systems, constructing bioswales and permeable sur -
faces, installing portable flood barriers, and strengthening and 
insulating building envelopes. These measures do not require 
significant monetary amounts to implement and will mostly be 
part of regular facility maintenance plans over the coming years.
Electrification and phasing out fossil fuels
Phasing out fossil fuels is critical to achieve net zero emissions 
and is a key part of the CTAP for scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions. 
In its own operations, replacing diesel forklift trucks with electric 
forklifts is an activity that has been ongoing and will continue 
at most Alfa Laval sites. Similarly, fossil-fuelled company cars 
are being replaced by electric vehicles wherever feasible. In 
Sweden, employees are required to select an electric vehicle if 
they have the benefit of driving a company car. Local policies on 
company cars may currently differ, but the overall intention is to 
phase out fossil fuels from the company car fleet. 
Electrification of process equipment is another important activ -
ity ongoing at several manufacturing sites. Typically, natural gas 
furnaces used for metalworking are being replaced by electric 
ovens that significantly reduce emissions when powered by 
renewable electricity. Natural gas is also being phased out as a 
heating fuel wherever there are feasible alternatives. At some 
sites, investments have been made to connect to local district 
heating networks that use a significant amount of biomass 
instead of fossil fuels to produce heat. Installation of heat pumps 
powered by renewable electricity is another way of reducing 
dependency on fossil fuels. In rented facilities, such investments 
will usually need to be done by the landlord, in which case Alfa 
Laval is investigating the possibility of  purchasing biomethane 
certificates to compensate for the GHG emissions generated 
from natural gas. 
Sustainability Statement – Environment  
32
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 33]
Renewable electricity
Alfa Laval has consistently purchased renewable electricity for 
many years, and around 97 percent of its total electricity use 
already comes from renewable sources. To reach the net zero 
emissions target, the sourcing of renewable electricity will be 
maintained at a high level, and work is ongoing to include sites 
that are not currently sourcing renewable electricity. Efforts are 
ongoing to source electricity directly from renewable energy 
providers through Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) that 
contribute to the expansion of renewable production, as has 
been done in Italy during the year.
In addition to purchasing from external providers, Alfa Laval is 
increasing its capacity for generating on-site renewable electric-
ity. Photovoltaic (PV) solar panels are the main source of on-site 
electricity generation, contributing 3 percent of the company’s 
total electricity consumption in 2025. All self-generated electricity 
is consumed on the site where it is produced which eliminates the 
need to source the equivalent amount of electricity from the grid.
Energy efficiency in operations
Reducing energy consumption by improving operational 
 efficiency also contributes to lowering scope 1 and 2 GHG 
 emissions. Alfa Laval continuously undertakes activities to 
make its manufacturing processes and sites more energy effi -
cient. Process improvements vary from site to site depending 
on the type of manufacturing but frequently involve removing 
or consolidating steps in the production process or replacing 
process equipment with newer more efficient machinery – to 
reduce the overall energy consumption at any given production 
volume. Actions to make buildings more energy efficient include 
initiatives to improve the insulation of building envelopes, 
replace older  lighting with energy-efficient LED lights and 
upgrade HVAC systems. 
Low emission resource inputs
Upstream purchased goods and services is a significant cate -
gory of scope 3 emissions, and metal raw materials and com -
ponents contribute most of these emissions. In 2025, a group-
wide assessment of the potential to decrease emissions from 
purchased metals was initiated. In  2026, all business units will 
be required to submit plans for delivering on the scope 3 GHG 
emissions reduction target for low-emission metal resource 
inputs each year until 2030. Steps have already been taken 
in 2024 and 2025 to introduce low-emission stainless steel in 
the production of certain products, including the T-21 gasketed 
plate heat exchanger and the Compabloc welded heat 
exchanger models.
Innovation of the product portfolio
Alfa Laval products in use downstream represent the largest 
source of the company’s GHG scope 3 emissions, but also an 
opportunity to help customers reduce their emissions by opti -
mizing and upgrading process equipment and applying heat 
transfer technology. Actions to innovate the product portfolio 
include development of new energy-efficient products, as well 
as, incremental and radical energy efficiency improvements of 
existing designs, and ensuring optimal functioning of products 
already installed at customer locations.
Each business unit is continuously working on innovations that 
lower the environmental impact of their products, as stipulated 
by the Alfa Laval Environmental Policy. In terms of climate-related 
impacts, this primarily means reducing product lifetime energy 
consumption and developing products that run on electricity or 
renewable fuels rather than fossil fuels. One example of a prod -
uct innovation available on the market since several years is 
the eMotion upgrade for separators that creates a near-vacuum 
around the rotating separator bowl to reduce friction and energy 
use. Another example is the Mechanical Vapour Recompression 
replacement for evaporation systems that is powered by elec -
tricity rather than steam generated by fossil fuels and makes 
the system significantly more energy efficient with a lower 
 carbon footprint.
Targets and metrics
E1-4, E1-5, E1-6, E1-7 
Targets
In 2023, Alfa Laval set near-term (until 2030) and long-term 
(until 2050) GHG emission reduction targets that were 
approved by SBTi as compatible with limiting global warming 
to 1.5°C. The near-term commitment is to reduce absolute 
scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 95 percent and absolute 
scope 3 emissions by 50 percent from a 2020 base year. Alfa 
Laval has declared its intention to achieve net zero scope 1 and 
2 emissions by 2027, well ahead of the target year 2030. 
The long-term (2050) commitment is to achieve net zero GHG 
emissions across the value chain, reducing absolute scope 1, 2 
and 3 emissions by 95 percent from a 2020 base year. The inten-
tion is to invest in technologies and projects that will neutralize 
the remaining 5 percent of emissions through GHG removals 
in own operations and the upstream and downstream value 
chain. Alfa Laval is currently investigating different GHG 
removal options and the timeline for implementation.
GHG absolute emission reduction targets Target year Reduction Base year
Base year value 
(1,000 tCO 2e)
Achieved
per 2024
Achieved
per 2025
Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) 2030* -95% 2020 48 -60% -62%
Scope 3 2030 -50% 2020 66,062 +20% +12%
All scopes (net zero) 2050 -95% 2020 66,110 +20% +12%
*The ambition is to achieve net zero scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2027
Sustainability Statement – Environment  
33
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 34]
Energy consumption (MWh) and mix 2025 2024 % change
1. Fuel consumption from coal and coal products 0 0 –
2. Fuel consumption from crude oil and petroleum products 6,107 7, 8 26 -22%
3. Fuel consumption from natural gas 51,785 51,323 1%
4. Fuel consumption from other fossil sources 0 0 –
5. Consumption of electricity, heat, cooling from fossil sources 8,190 7, 67 1 7%
6. Total fossil energy consumption (sum of 1- 5) 66,082 66,820 -1%
– Share of fossil sources in total energy consumption (%) 20% 22%  
7. Total consumption from nuclear sources 2,266 2,063 10%
- Share of nuclear sources in total energy consumption (%) <1% <1%  
8. Fuel consumption from renewable sources, including biomass 3,324 2,952 13%
9. Consumption of electricity, heat, cooling from renewable sources 254,965 233,925 9%
10. Consumption of self-generated non-fuel renewable energy 7, 3 8 4 3,089 139%
11. Total renewable energy consumption (sum of 8- 10) 265,673 239,965 11%
– Share of renewable sources in total energy consumption (%) 80% 78%  
12. Total energy consumption (sum of 6, 7, 11) 334,021 308,848 8%
Energy intensity (MWh/SEK millions net sales) 4.79 4.61 4%
The targets have been developed based on the Greenhouse 
Gas Protocol target-setting methodology and considering the 
SBTi cross-sector absolute reduction requirement to reduce 
emissions by at least 4.2 percent per year regardless of busi-
ness growth. The scope 1 and scope 2 targets are combined 
and a distinction between the share of scope 1 and 2 emissions 
to be reduced to reach the targets is not set separately. Progress 
towards the targets is measured on the total combined scope 1 
and market-based scope 2 emissions compared to the baseline 
year. The target boundaries cover all Alfa Laval geographies 
and operations globally. The scope 3 target is set separately 
and includes all relevant and measurable scope 3 emissions 
categories in the upstream and downstream value chain.
The climate mitigation targets are set to support the Alfa Laval 
Environmental Policy commitment to reduce climate impacts 
throughout the value chain. As explained in the Climate Transi-
tion Action Plan, key decarbonization levers to reach scope 1 
and 2 targets include phasing out fossil fuels, increasing electri -
fication and the procurement of renewable energy. For scope 3, 
the main decarbonization levers will involve improving energy 
efficiency and flexibility to use renewable fuels in Alfa Laval 
products and increasing the sourcing of low emission materials.
In addition to the near-term and long-term climate change miti -
gation targets, Alfa Laval has set targets intended to encourage 
actions in line with the main decarbonization levers, particularly 
for scope 1 and 2 emissions. This includes a commitment to 
increase the annual sourcing of renewable electricity from 80 
percent in 2020 to 100 percent by 2030 and improve energy 
efficiency (expressed as MWh/net sales) in operations by 4 
percent year on year until 2030.
Metrics
Alfa Laval tracks progress in relation to climate change mitiga -
tion targets aligned with ESRS disclosure requirements based 
on energy-related metrics such as total energy use, energy 
intensity, and share of renewable electricity, as well as emis -
sions-related metrics, including GHG emissions per scope, 
category and business unit. 
Besides the negative impacts on climate change that arise in 
operations, and the value chain, Alfa Laval products and solu -
tions can provide a positive impact in helping customers save 
energy and reduce GHG emissions. This is frequently highlighted 
in discussions with customers and Alfa Laval is also developing 
an approach to consolidating and disclosing these positive 
impacts at group level. Examples of the positive climate impact 
of selected product groups are provided in the section Positive 
climate impact below.
Energy consumption and mix
Data on total energy consumption and energy mix are pre -
sented in the table. As Alfa Laval is primarily an industrial man -
ufacturing company (NACE code C), the table also includes a 
disaggregation of total energy consumption from fossil sources 
and a measure of energy efficiency (total energy consumption 
per net revenue), as required for “high climate impact sectors” 
according to ESRS E1-5. The total energy consumption 
includes all Alfa Laval sites and operations, and the net revenue 
is the total net sales for the Alfa Laval Group as reported in the 
Consolidated comprehensive income statement.
In 2025, total energy consumption increased by 8 percent, due 
mainly to an expanding business. The energy efficiency target 
aiming for a 4 percent annual improvement was not met, as 
energy intensity (energy consumption per net sales) also 
increased rather than decreased. The shift away from fossil 
fuels continued in line with the company’s climate targets, 
and the increased consumption was almost entirely supplied 
through renewable energy sources.
Sustainability Statement – Environment  
34
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 35]
Gross scopes 1, 2, 3 and total GHG emissions
Phasing out fossil fuels continued in 2025, resulting in lower 
scope 1 and market-based scope 2 GHG emissions, while the 
increase in overall energy consumption led to higher location  -
based scope 2 emissions. With the investments planned to 
decarbonize own operations, further reductions are expected 
over the next couple of years to achieve the company’s net zero 
target by 2027.
Most scope 3 upstream emissions categories showed an 
increase in 2025, because of business growth during the year. 
Business travel emissions decreased slightly, partly due to inter -
nal restrictions on travel.
The most noticeable change in scope 3 emissions was the 7 
percent decrease in product use phase emissions (category 11), 
which reduced the total Alfa Laval GHG footprint by over 5 mil -
lion tCO2e despite an increase in business activities. This is con-
firmed by the decreasing emissions intensity (GHG emissions 
per net sales), which shows an even larger reduction of 10 per-
cent from 2024 and 33 percent since the base year 2020.
The breakdown of GHG emissions per division shows that 
Marine has the highest scope 3 emissions, followed by Food & 
Water. Both of these divisions provide products with consider -
able use phase emissions, whereas the Energy division’s scope 
3 emissions mainly consist of purchased goods and services. 
There are no significant differences in scope 1 and 2 GHG emis -
sions between the divisions.
GHG per division
(1,000 tCO 2e) Scope 1 Scope 2 Scope 3 Total 
Energy 4.8 1.5 2,642 2,648
Food & Water 3.8 1.7 28,073 28,078
Marine 4.9 1.3 43,433 43,440
Total Alfa Laval 13.6 4.5 74,148 74,166
Biogenic emissions
Alfa Laval’s sourcing of renewable energy also leads to 
increased biogenic CO 2 emissions that are to be reported out -
side of the GHG inventory. In 2025, several sites switched from 
fossil fuel oil for onsite transportation and heating to biodiesel 
and biogas (scope 1), and more sites purchased electricity and 
district heating generated using biofuels (scope 2). Scope 3 
biogenic emissions cannot be accurately calculated.
Biogenic emissions (tCO 2e) 2025 2024 % change
Scope 1 240 45 430%
Scope 2 8,180 7, 2 9 6 12%
Scope 3 n /a n /a n /a
Retrospective Target years
2020 2024 2025
% 2025
vs 2024 2030 2050
Own operations
Scope 1 GHG emissions (1,000 tCO 2e)
Gross scope 1 21.8 14.2 13.6 -4% 1.1 1.1
Scope 2 GHG emissions (1,000 tCO 2e)
Gross location-based scope 2 68.0 65.8 68.6 4% – –
Gross market-based scope 2 26.0 5.0 4.5 -10% 1.3 1.3
Significant scope 3 GHG emissions (1,000 tCO 2e)
Upstream
1 Purchased goods and services 1,695 1,750 1,872 7%
2 Capital goods 31.5 59.1 63.9 8%
3 Fuel and energy-related activities 18.0 17.7 19.7 11%
4 Upstream transportation & distribution 51.7 62.2 73.1 18%
5 Waste generated in operations 0.7 1.0 1.8 67%
6 Business traveling 14.8 28.6 27. 5 -4%
7 Employee commuting 21.9 29.0 29.9 3%
Downstream
9 Downstream transportation & distribution 10.4 12.4 14.6 18%
11 Use of sold products 64,216 7 7, 5 1 6 72,046 -7%
12 End-of-life treatment of sold products 1.8 0.7 0.5 -18%
15 Investments <0.1 <0.1 <0.1 -17%
Total gross scope 3 GHG emissions 66,062 79,476 74,14 8 -7% 33,031 3,303
Total GHG emissions (1,000 tCO 2e)
Total GHG emissions (location-based) 66,152 79,556 74, 231 -7%
– Emissions intensity (tCO 2e/SEK millions) 1,595 1,188 1,065 -10%
Total GHG emissions (market-based) 66,110 79,495 74,166 -7%
– Emissions intensity (tCO 2e/SEK millions) 1,594 1,187 1,064 -10%
Sustainability Statement – Environment  
35
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 36]
Positive climate impact
Alfa Laval products that require energy to function will cause 
scope 3 emissions in the use phase over their operational life -
time. The cumulative size of these emissions depends on the 
amount and source of energy used during the product lifetime. 
Designing more energy-  efficient products or products that can 
also use renewable fuels, and customers’ procuring renewable 
energy to operate Alfa Laval products, will contribute to lower 
emissions as explained in the CTAP.
The company has a range of products and solutions that have 
a direct positive climate impact downstream. These products 
typically do not use any energy themselves but rather help cus -
tomers save energy and therefore reduce GHG emissions. Alfa 
Laval heat exchangers are used in many different industries and 
customer applications where heat needs to be transferred 
between fluids. In doing so, heat exchangers recover or reuse 
heat that would otherwise be wasted and replace the need for 
separate heaters or coolers in a process. 
Alfa Laval produces a wide range of heat exchangers for differ -
ent purposes and processes. A plate heat exchanger designed 
and optimized for the surrounding process can increase energy 
efficiency in the entire system, and if maintained and serviced 
when needed the performance is kept throughout its lifecycle.
Across all plate heat exchanger technologies and applications, 
Alfa Laval delivered solutions with a heat transfer potential of 
almost 200 GW of energy in 2025, contributing to increasing 
energy efficiency and recovering waste heat. This corresponds 
to around 84 GW of energy production capacity that did not 
have to be established in the first place. Based on an average 
global energy mix, these energy savings provided an estimated 
positive climate impact of 76 million tCO2e.
Proper maintenance of already installed heat exchangers also 
has a positive climate impact. Globally, poorly cleaned heat 
exchangers are responsible for unnecessary GHG emissions 
every year. Through the service business, Alfa Laval contributes 
to restoring the operational efficiency of plate heat exchangers 
of all brands, providing an estimated annual positive climate 
impact of around 44 million tCO 2e, which translates to around 
49 GW of energy savings.
An example of another type of Alfa Laval product that helps 
customers reduce GHG emissions is the gas combustion unit 
(GCU) installed on vessels transporting liquefied natural gas 
(LNG) to burn excess gas vapours that cannot be utilized in the 
ship’s engines or boilers. While this product runs on electricity 
and therefore causes scope 3 GHG emissions, the process of 
combusting the methane gas rather than releasing it directly to 
the atmosphere results in a considerably lower climate impact. 
Based on actual sales in 2025, Alfa Laval GCUs are estimated 
to have had a positive climate impact of almost 17 million tCO 2e 
compared to the alternative of venting the natural gas vapours.
Besides these examples, there are numerous other Alfa Laval 
products that can provide a potential positive climate impact by 
reducing, reusing or recovering energy, but also by enabling the 
use of alternate fuels with lower emissions or capturing and 
removing carbon emissions from the atmosphere. Alfa Laval is 
currently assessing how the aggregate positive climate impact 
of the product portfolio could be calculated and consolidated in 
a relevant and reliable way so that this may be disclosed in 
future reports.
Sustainability Statement – Environment  
36
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 37]
E3 Water and marine resources
Alfa Laval recognizes water as a finite and increasingly vulnerable resource. This is particularly  
true in areas suffering from water stress. As a business, Alfa Laval is dependent on the availability 
of clean water for testing and servicing products and strives to use water efficiently.
Impacts, risks and 
opportunities
SBM-3
Water-related impacts
In Alfa Laval operations, water is predominantly used for clean -
ing products between steps in the manufacturing process, 
pressure tests and cooling. In service centres water is used for 
cleaning products for an efficient and prolonged lifespan. While 
Alfa Laval does not use significant amounts of water, the com-
pany has activities in water-stressed areas where even limited 
water withdrawals can be problematic and have a local nega -
tive impact on people and the environment. 
Alfa Laval has assessed the volume of water withdrawals at all 
its operational sites and identified locations in water-stressed 
areas through geospatial mapping using third-party data -
bases. The screening shows that water use is concentrated to 
a few large sites with almost half of the total water withdrawal 
occurring at five sites, of which two are in China in areas classi -
fied as having a high level of water stress. In total, Alfa Laval has 
51 sites in such locations, and about one third of Alfa Laval’s total 
water withdrawal takes place at ten sites in water-stressed areas.
Alfa Laval recognizes that significant volumes of water are also 
withdrawn, consumed and discharged in the value chain, for 
instance in steel production upstream or food and beverage 
industries downstream. Water-related impacts in the supply 
chain are addressed through dialogues with suppliers and 
Business Principles audits as part of the Alfa Laval responsible 
sourcing programme. Alfa Laval products and solutions can 
contribute to reducing downstream water-related impacts by 
increasing the efficient use of water and treating waste water 
to limit impacts on the environment from discharges.
Water-related risks and opportunities
The outcome of Alfa Laval’s climate-related risk assessment 
showed that in certain future scenarios, it is possible that 
 climate change will further reduce the availability of water in 
many areas due to higher temperatures and altered precipita -
tion patterns. To mitigate these impacts, local authorities and 
utility companies could potentially limit volumes of water that 
may be withdrawn, which would have a direct impact on sites 
located in these areas. While Alfa Laval presumably can adapt 
to such circumstances and relocate critical manufacturing and 
service operations, this is a potential risk to the business and 
underlines the importance of continuing to implement local 
water efficiency measures.
Alfa Laval offers a wide range of solutions for various water- 
related applications, including freshwater production, industrial 
and municipal wastewater treatment, and water systems for 
the pharmaceutical and food industries. These solutions help 
reduce negative water-related impacts and improve yields and 
efficiencies in customer processes, for example by optimizing 
cleaning cycles, reusing and recycling water, and desalinating 
sea water so it may be used as a water source. These all repre -
sent material business opportunities for Alfa Laval.
Management of impacts, 
risks and opportunities
E3-1, E3-2
Policies
The main governing document setting out principles for man -
agement of environmental impacts is the Alfa Laval Environmen-
tal Policy. The policy emphasizes that water shall be used as 
efficiently as possible in all products and processes, water with-
drawals shall continuously be reduced, particularly in areas with 
high water risk, and the pollution of water in the company’s own 
operations shall be prevented and abated. A life cycle perspec -
tive shall be applied in product design, ensuring that new prod -
ucts have a lower environmental impact than the ones they 
replace, including more efficient use of water. The policy does 
not explicitly address sustainable oceans and seas. Further 
details on the Environmental Policy are presented in the Sustain-
ability Governance section in the General Information chapter.
Building on and supporting the implementation of the Environ-
mental Policy, Alfa Laval has developed more detailed guid -
ance on how water shall be addressed in operations and the 
upstream and downstream value chain. The Water Framework 
clarifies actions and responsibilities around water management 
including risk assessment, target setting and water reporting. 
The framework is applicable to all Alfa Laval companies and is 
owned and updated as necessary by the Vice President Group 
Sustainability.
According to the Water Framework, operational sites are 
responsible for securing proper water management, including 
mapping the use and sourcing of water, implementing water 
efficiency measures to reduce water withdrawals, and treating 
wastewater in compliance with local regulations. Assessments 
of water-related risks and impacts are to be conducted regu -
larly, and going forward this should be extended to also include 
key suppliers. More detailed guidelines on water mapping and 
risk assessments will be developed to support the implementa -
tion of the Water Framework.
Sustainability Statement – Environment  
37
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 38]
Actions
Water-related actions to achieve the objectives of the Environ -
mental Policy and Water Framework are mainly focused on 
optimizing the use of water in operations to reduce impacts and 
risks associated with excessive water consumption. Most major 
Alfa Laval manufacturing sites and service centres continuously 
work on improving water efficiency and increasing the recircula-
tion of water in processes to effectively decrease the volume of 
water withdrawal. This is especially true in locations facing high 
levels of water stress where water scarcity is a particular con -
cern, for example in Pune, India, where wastewater is treated 
and reused for gardening purposes, and Satara, India, where a 
closed loop tank has been installed for hydrotesting products.
Besides local initiatives to reduce water consumption and reuse 
process water, actions taken at group level have involved creat-
ing awareness and increasing knowledge of and insights into 
water-related impacts and risks, and implementing governance 
improvements. In 2024 and 2025, more in-depth assessments 
of water-related impacts and risks were undertaken partly in 
the process of setting new water targets. This has included 
reviews of water data, surveys of operational sites, and sharing 
information with business units and sites on water risks to be 
considered as part of their business planning. This process has 
also involved preparatory work for collecting additional water-  
related metrics from the sites in 2026 and 2027. During the 
year, a new Water Framework was launched to provide the 
organization with further direction on water management, and 
supporting guidelines on specific water-related topics will be 
introduced in the coming years.
Recognizing that upstream water use is a material impact, Alfa 
Laval has been collecting water-related information from sup -
pliers since 2024. Through a digital tool provided by an external 
provider, information on water risks, water targets, water con -
sumption and recycling is requested from the largest suppliers, 
which represents about 80 percent of Alfa Laval’s spend. While 
the number and quality of responses can be improved, the infor -
mation provided by suppliers will be used as a starting point for 
a more systematic assessment of upstream water risks in 2026.
Alfa Laval is continuously researching and developing applica-
tions that help customers reduce water-related impacts. Many 
of these solutions are based on the innovative application of sep-
aration technology in the Food & Water division. One example 
of a new product with a water savings potential is the Optiwia 
water recirculation system that can provide up to a 70 percent 
reduction of water consumption in centrifuges typically used by 
breweries and beverage producers. Another example is the 
Aldec decanter centrifuge, designed for the sludge thickening 
and dewatering process in municipal and industrial wastewater 
treatment plants, which can save several thousand cubic meters 
of water each year.
Targets and metrics
E3-3, E3-4
Targets
Alfa Laval does not consume large quantities of water and 
almost all water withdrawn is returned to the environment after  
appropriate treatment. Alfa Laval’s approach to water man-
agement is to reduce the withdrawal of freshwater, and until 
recently the focus has been on activities in areas with high 
water stress where water-related impacts and dependencies 
are more significant.
Alfa Laval set a new water efficiency target in 2025. The previous 
water target only addressed locations in water stressed areas, 
where significant progress has been achieved in reducing water 
withdrawals in recent years. While it is common to focus efforts 
on regions facing immediate water stress, a comprehensive 
approach to managing global water challenges requires setting 
operational water efficiency targets for all locations, not just those 
currently experiencing scarcity. Since water scarcity is not a static 
condition, climate change, population growth, urbanization, and 
industrial development are rapidly shifting local water availability. 
Areas considered as water-secure today may face shortages in 
the future. Proactively implementing water efficiency measures 
everywhere helps build resilience against such unpredictability.
The revised water target for the period up to 2030 is to annually 
improve water efficiency by 5 percent, expressed as total water 
withdrawals in relation to net sales. Water withdrawals include 
freshwater taken from surface water, groundwater and munici -
pal water for use in Alfa Laval processes. The Alfa Laval Group 
target is voluntary and has been set in recognition of the need to 
embed water stewardship in all operations, including but not 
limited to the management of impacts and risks associated 
with water consumption in areas of water scarcity.
Metrics
Alfa Laval measures and reports data on total water withdrawal 
to monitor performance in relation to the group water target and 
the material water-related impacts and risks. At present, there 
is no reliable consolidated data on water discharge, water con -
sumption, recycled water, or stored water at group level, and 
these metrics can therefore not be reasonably estimated or 
disclosed.
 
More than 90 percent of the volume of water withdrawn across 
the group is third-party water, typically supplied by local munic -
ipalities and utility companies. The remaining water withdraw -
als come from groundwater or surface water in the vicinity of 
Alfa Laval sites.
In 2025, the total water withdrawn increased by 11 percent com-
pared to the previous year, and slightly more in areas at water risk 
and in water-stressed locations. Water intensity also increased, 
although at a slower pace, which means the company target 
was not achieved.
Water withdrawal, m 3 2025 2024 % change
Total water withdrawal 770,576 695,405 11%
Total water withdrawal in areas at 
water risk 353,198 312,993 13%
Total water withdrawal in areas with 
high water stress 262,545 234,221 12%
Water intensity (total withdrawal m 3/
SEK million net sales) 11.1 10.4 6%
Sustainability Statement – Environment  
38
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 39]
E5 Resource use and circular economy
Alfa Laval acknowledges the importance of circularity as a foundation for addressing the environ-
mental impacts of business. Efficient resource use in Alfa  Laval operations means maintaining high 
productivity while avoiding the  unnecessary use of materials and contributing to less waste. In the 
upstream value chain, sourcing recycled materials reduces the product footprint, and downstream 
circular business models and service offerings contribute to the more sustainable use of products. 
Impacts, risks and 
opportunities
SBM-3
Resource-related impacts
Alfa Laval uses significant quantities of materials to manufac -
ture its products each year. Metals are the dominant materials 
in Alfa Laval products, and the production of stainless steel and 
other metals has substantial negative environmental impacts 
upstream in the value chain. At the same time, stainless steel is 
almost fully recyclable which means collecting scrap metal from 
the Alfa Laval production process and recovering Alfa Laval prod-
ucts at their end of life can contribute to lower lifecycle impacts. 
Using resources as efficiently as possible, and avoiding, reduc -
ing, and responsibly managing waste, are key actions for mini -
mizing the resource-related environmental impacts of Alfa 
Laval’s operations. Waste disposal, and in particular landfilling 
of waste, has environmental impacts that are largely beyond 
the control of Alfa Laval as this is dependent on the waste man -
agement infrastructure in the countries of operation. Alfa Laval 
has assessed the volumes and methods for managing waste 
produced at its operational sites, and in the past few years the 
total waste volumes and proportion of disposed rather than 
recovered, reused or recycled waste has increased. Alfa Laval’s 
ambition is to divert as much waste as possible from disposal 
by finding alternative uses for by-products from the production 
process as well as using contractors that can ensure appropriate 
waste disposal.
Properly serviced Alfa Laval products typically have a life span 
of two or more decades and can in many cases feasibly be 
repaired and upgraded to optimize product performance and 
further extend their useful life span. Servicing products can 
have a positive impact by contributing to reducing resource 
outflow compared to delivering a new product. 
Resource-related risks and opportunities
Alfa Laval is dependent on access to critical raw materials 
and low emission metals to maintain production and deliver 
on ambitious climate targets. Increasing prices and the limited 
availability of such materials poses a risk that must be addressed 
by Alfa Laval when managing supplier relationships.
The Alfa Laval service business has expanded significantly over 
the past few years and is an important pillar supporting the com-
pany’s strategic direction going forward. Repairing, upgrading, 
and refurbishing the installed base of products on the market 
provides a positive resource-related impact and presents a 
 business opportunity for Alfa Laval.
Management of impacts, 
risks and opportunities
E5-1, E5-2
Policies
The Environmental Policy clarifies Alfa Laval’s commitment to 
minimizing environmental impacts of its own operations and 
throughout the value chain, acknowledging that a key enabler is 
adopting circular business models. The policy emphasizes the 
need to design products in line with circular design principles, 
which includes transitioning away from primary raw materials, 
extending product life span and designing for disassembly and 
reuse. A key principle is to always apply a life cycle perspective 
to ensure that new products have a lower environmental impact 
than the ones they replace. The Environmental Policy also stip -
ulates that resources should be used as efficiently as possible, 
the procurement of renewable or low-carbon materials should 
increase, and waste management should improve with the aim 
of reducing the landfilling of waste to a minimum. Further infor -
mation on the Environmental Policy is provided in the Sustain -
ability Governance section in the General Information chapter.
Besides the Environmental Policy, the Circularity Framework 
provides further details and guidance on how resource use shall 
be addressed in Alfa Laval operations and the upstream and 
downstream value chain. The Circularity Framework and the 
Circular Design Guideline set out the principles to be applied 
when designing and manufacturing Alfa Laval products, includ-
ing the use of Life Cycle Assessments (LCAs) to measure and 
ensure that new products have a lower environmental impact 
than the ones they replace. The Circularity Framework also 
 clarifies requirements on sourcing materials, emphasizing tran-
sitioning away from virgin resources and increasing the use of 
renewable resources. Other governing documents such as the 
Sustainable Packaging Procedure set priorities for packaging 
materials sourced and used by Alfa Laval and the Waste Man-
agement Procedure provides guidance on how waste should be 
Sustainability Statement – Environment  
39
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 40]
managed at Alfa Laval sites, with respect to the waste hierarchy 
and prioritizing prevention, reuse, recycling and recovery of 
waste over disposal.
Actions
Efforts to operate in a way that is more aligned with circular 
economy principles include local and group level activities 
impacting own operations as well as the upstream and down -
stream value chain. The focus of the Circularity Programme 
to date has been on internal operations, taking action to use 
resources more efficiently and minimizing waste. Recognizing 
that inflows of materials and outflows of products are a signifi -
cant part of the Alfa Laval climate and circularity footprint, 
efforts are now increasingly to also address value chain 
impacts in collaboration with suppliers and customers.
One important area for continued action is improving process 
efficiency in the company’s operations. This involves using all 
resources as efficiently as possible to minimize environmental 
impacts and business costs. While activities relating to energy 
and water efficiency are disclosed in subchapters E1 and E3 
respectively, Alfa Laval operational sites are also continuously 
working on reducing and reusing materials to avoid waste. 
Examples include ongoing metal scrap reduction projects 
based on Lean Six Sigma methodologies for instance in the 
brazed and fusion-bonded plate heat exchangers business 
unit. Other actions focus on addressing waste disposal, ensur -
ing that waste is properly classified, managed and reported. In 
the US, a review was started in 2025 to increase knowledge 
and compliance regarding waste reporting and seeking new 
contracts for waste handling that offer more sustainable waste 
disposal options.
In relation to the upstream value chain, Alfa Laval has initiated a 
feasibility study to investigate how sourcing of metal raw materi-
als and components with a lower environmental footprint can be 
increased. This study was initiated in 2025 by the Group with 
the intention of driving further action in 2026 by the business 
units to review and address the upstream GHG emissions 
caused by the materials they purchased. There is a clear con -
nection between climate impact and resource intensity, as one 
significant contributor to GHG emissions, such as in steel mak-
ing, is the proportion of recycled scrap metal used in the process.
Enhancing the positive impacts of Alfa Laval products by 
extending their lifespan through proper servicing and upgrad -
ing is an ongoing activity in the global service organisation. Alfa 
Laval has expanded the service organisation significantly over 
the past few years and introduced innovations to improve the 
efficiency of the service offering. One example is the increasing 
use of digital tools and improved connectivity of Alfa Laval 
products installed on customer sites, which optimizes service 
intervals for lifetime extension.
Once products reach their end of life, Alfa Laval has procedures 
for taking back and recycling them in an appropriate way. Such 
take-back services are offered together with external partners 
that are specialized in recovering and recycling materials, for 
example Stena Recycling in the Nordic countries since 2023 
and ELG-Aperam in mainland Europe since 2024. The plan is 
to expand this product take-back offering to other markets in 
the coming years.
Targets and metrics
E5-3, E5-4, E5-5
Targets
Alfa Laval has a clear ambition to adopt more circular business 
models, including using resources as efficiently as possible, 
minimizing waste and extending the lifespan of products. To 
support this ambition, Alfa Laval has several governing docu -
ments and guidelines in place and has recently updated the 
Group circularity target focusing on waste minimization. 
The new waste management target states that 95 percent of 
all non-hazardous waste shall be diverted from disposal. The 
target is an internally defined requirement, not a legal obliga -
tion. It covers all Alfa Laval sites except field service operations 
and is valid until 2030.
The intention with the new target is to prioritize reuse, recycling 
and recovery of waste so that only a very limited amount of waste 
is sent to disposal. Compared with the former target to recycle at 
least 85 percent of waste, the new target is more aligned with 
the EU waste hierarchy and recognizes waste incineration with 
energy recovery as diverted from disposal The achievement of 
this target is dependent on the waste management infrastruc -
ture where Alfa Laval operates around the world. In some loca-
tions, landfill is the only waste-handling method available.
There are presently no Alfa Laval Group targets addressing 
other aspects of circular economy, such as circular product 
design or circular material use. The approach to these and 
other matters related to resource use and circular economy 
is still under development and work is ongoing to coordinate 
activities and strengthen governance before setting relevant 
targets. In the absence of specific Group targets on resource 
inflows and product outflows, the effectiveness of Alfa Laval 
policy positions on circularity is monitored in other ways, for 
example in reviewing activities in the recurring divisional quar -
terly review meetings and establishing guidelines on LCAs and 
circular product design to support the organization. Alfa Laval is 
also initiating projects to reduce the GHG emissions related to 
resource inflows in line with the Group’s climate targets, which 
will mainly be achieved by increasing the proportion of recycled 
content and renewable resources in sourced materials and 
components. 
Metrics
Both resource inflows and resource outflows, including waste, 
have been identified as material sustainability matters for Alfa 
Laval, yet the availability of good quality data for monitoring 
performance and disclosing circularity metrics is presently 
limited.
Sustainability Statement – Environment  
40
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 41]
For resource inflows (E5-4), the approximate weight of metal 
raw materials can be disclosed, but not for instance the per -
centage of biological materials that are sustainably sourced 
or the weight of secondary reused or recycled components 
used to manufacture Alfa Laval products.
For resource outflows (E5-5), the durability of key product 
groups and the total amount of waste generated in own opera -
tions ca be disclosed, but not data on the reparability of products 
using an established rating system or the rates of recyclable 
content in products and packaging.
Resource inflows
Description of resource inflows
Alfa Laval uses a variety of resources to produce products and 
deliver services to customers. In terms of volumes and costs, by 
far the most significant input materials are metals, which are 
sourced as coils or bars or as cast, forged and machined com -
ponents. The dominating raw materials are carbon steel and 
stainless steel of various grades depending on the applications 
and industry standards. Copper is an important component in 
the brazed heat exchangers and titanium is sourced as raw 
material for heat exchanger plates in, for example, the marine 
environment.
Other important non-metal resources include rubber materials 
for gasketed heat exchangers, certain plastic parts, and motors 
and electrical equipment for rotating equipment such as 
decanters and separators. Packaging materials for finished 
products and spare parts are dominated by wood, plywood, 
cardboard and plastic. In accordance with the Sustainable 
Packaging Procedure, work is ongoing to replace wood with 
plywood or cardboard and to substitute plastic with fibre-
based materials. Alfa Laval aims to always source plastics used 
for packaging with a recycled content of at least 30 percent. 
Several of the materials Alfa Laval relies on are specified on the 
EU list of Critical and Strategic Raw Materials, as defined in the 
Critical Raw Materials Act (CRMA). Among these, copper is a 
key resource for brazed heat exchangers and titanium is essen-
tial for plate heat exchangers and welded applications. Tungsten 
is used in decanter systems, particularly in wear components 
such as screw tiles. Aluminium, silicon and cobalt are also used 
for various technical fractions and specialized components.
Alfa Laval operations mainly consist of light industrial manufac -
turing and assembly activities, and these require certain special-
ized machinery and process equipment, and property, water and 
energy. In the upstream value chain, there are suppliers such as 
steel producers with more resource-intensive manufacturing 
activities, using iron ore or recycled steel scrap and various alloy-
ing materials, including chromium and nickel, as key resource 
inflows. These manufacturers typically use substantial amounts 
of materials and energy, and need heavy machinery and indus-
trial equipment in their production processes. 
Weights of resource inflows
Alfa Laval is not currently able to disclose a full consolidation of 
the weights of all materials used to manufacture the company’s 
products, as this information is managed by the business units 
in local sourcing and enterprise resource planning systems and 
there are no efficient or reliable reporting processes in place to 
collect this data. There is also no Group level information on 
packaging materials or secondary reused or recycled compo -
nents. Alfa Laval is working on implementing improved report -
ing processes to consolidate a more complete overview of the 
types and weights of resource inflows in the future.
As a starting point for the reporting of material weights, Alfa 
Laval has made a first attempt to collect data specifically on the 
sourcing of metal raw materials from the organization, as met-
als are the most significant resource used to produce the com -
pany’s products. This data is also used as a basis for calculating 
scope 3 emissions from purchased goods and services in the 
GHG inventory. The dominating type of metal is steel, making 
up over 90 percent of the weight of metal raw materials sourced 
and is used in the manufacture of almost all Alfa Laval products. 
The remaining 10 percent or so consists of copper, titanium, 
aluminium and other metals. These are the approximate 
weights of metals sourced as raw materials in the form of coils, 
plates and bars, and do not include forged or machined parts 
and components.
Resource inflow (metals), tonnes 2025 2024 % change
Steel (stainless, carbon) 106,650 95,250 12%
Titanium and copper 6,200 5,350 16%
Other metals (aluminium, nickel, brass) 1,350 1,150 17%
Total resource inflow (metals) 114,200 101,750 12%
Resource outflows
Circular design of products and services
Alfa Laval provides products and solutions based on three key 
technologies – heat transfer (including brazed, welded and 
gasketed plate heat exchangers), separation (including sepa-
rators, decanters, centrifuges, filters, strainers and membranes), 
and fluid handling (including pumps, valves and tank cleaning 
equipment). These products are used in a wide variety of cus-
tomer applications in several different industries, and circularity 
principles such as durability and repairability are a fundamental 
part of the Alfa Laval offering. 
Customers expect Alfa Laval products to be durable, meaning 
they are designed to have a long lifespan, built with high-quality 
materials, and are easy to service and upgrade to maintain excel-
lent operating efficiency. When a complete system is delivered, 
some components may have a shorter durability but can be 
repaired or replaced and this will not affect the overall durability 
of the whole system. Alfa Laval guarantees that service kits, 
wear parts and critical spare parts of products are available 
during the full product life cycle and are often available for 
decades after the product is no longer available for sale.
Most Alfa Laval products are designed to be easily serviced 
and repaired, for example by securing access to wear parts in 
rotating equipment and the simple exchange of plate packs 
in heat exchangers with standardized frames. The modular 
design of products such as gasketed heat exchangers and 
decanters facilitates the replacement of large and small com -
ponents and parts. The modular design also allows for the dis -
assembly of products at their end of life.
Sustainability Statement – Environment  
41
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 42]
Circular design and circular business models go hand in hand. 
The global service organization is fundamental for extending 
the lifespan of Alfa Laval products. A network of service centres 
is located around the globe and over 700 field engineers work 
closely with customers in almost 100 countries every day 
to ensure the optimal functioning of Alfa Laval products. The 
 service organization is becoming increasingly digital. For 
example, condition monitoring can be connected to several Alfa 
Laval products, optimizing service intervals and securing a long 
lifetime. The service business is an important and growing part 
of Alfa Laval, having doubled in size over the past five years and 
invoicing SEK 21 billion in 2025.
 
Alfa Laval continues to seek new ways of expanding the circular 
business by offering take-back services and material recycling 
of several product types, including separators, heat exchangers 
and decanters, where metals are the dominant material. Alfa 
Laval is also piloting the take-back of products for fluid handling 
to secure the proper recycling of plastic through partnerships 
with recycling companies. For some products, such as marine 
separators, Alfa Laval offers the refurbishment and reuse of 
products that are taken back from customers, and for other 
products, reuse is offered via partnering with the vendors of 
used equipment.
Circularity metrics for Alfa Laval products
Alfa Laval products are designed to last for decades, depend -
ing on the operating environment and conditions, as well as 
on how well they are maintained and serviced. As a measure of 
durability, the table below indicates the expected lifespan of key 
Alfa Laval product groups, although many products are in use 
much longer. The company does not currently have any relevant 
or reliable data on industry averages or standards for bench -
marking the durability of products, but information from product 
experts indicate that Alfa Laval products have a life expectancy in 
line with or above the average for similar products on the market.
Steel is the dominating material in most Alfa Laval products, 
and since steel producers increasingly use recycled steel scrap 
as a resource input when making new steel, products will typi -
cally contain recycled materials. Globally, the average propor -
tion of recycled steel in new steel production is around 30 per -
cent, but there are significant regional differences with the EU 
and US using about 65-70 percent recycled steel and China 
around 25 percent. Presently, Alfa Laval cannot disclose accu -
rate rates of recyclable content in products, but it is reasonable 
to assume that these rates will be close to the average propor -
tion of recycled steel used to produce new steel. Potentially, 
the recyclable content will be higher than the average, as the 
company is actively seeking to source larger volumes of low- 
emission steel, which means steel with a high proportion of 
recycled materials.
Alfa Laval product groups Average durability
Brazed and fusion bonded heat exchangers 15-20 years
Gasketed heat exchangers >30 years
Welded heat exchangers 20-30 years
High speed separators >25 years
Decanter centrifuges 20-30 years
Centrifugal pumps >30 years
Marine boilers >25 years
Marine pumps 25-30 years
Waste
Besides products, waste materials are the main resource out -
flows from the company’s operations. The composition of the 
waste reflects the resource inflows, with metal scrap by far the 
largest waste fraction in terms of weight. Other significant 
non-hazardous waste fractions include rubber from certain 
manufacturing processes, wood, cardboard and plastic pack -
aging materials, and office waste, such as paper and IT-equip -
ment. Hazardous waste, as defined by local regulations in each 
country, typically consists of various solvents, paints, oils, and 
slurry from cleaning processes.
Reducing waste volumes that are sent to disposal is a focus 
area in Alfa Laval’s sustainability strategy, as expressed in the 
target to divert 95 percent or more of non-hazardous waste from 
disposal by 2030. The aim is to encourage the more efficient use 
of resource inflows, reusing materials, repairing equipment and 
recycling waste whenever possible.
Waste volumes are measured and reported on a quarterly basis 
to monitor progress towards the Group waste target. The con -
solidated annual waste data per disposal or recovery route is 
presented in the table below.
In 2025, the total waste volume increased by 22 percent, as did 
both the amount of waste directed to disposal and diverted 
from disposal. The proportion of total non-recycled waste 
stayed flat at 16 percent, while the percentage for non-hazard -
ous waste increased from 9 to 13 percent. This means only 87 
percent of the non-hazardous waste was diverted from dis -
posal, which is well below the Group target of 95 percent. 
Sustainability Statement – Environment  
42
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 43]
Waste (tonnes) 2025 2024
Hazardous Non-hazardous Total Hazardous Non-hazardous Total
Diverted from disposal 2,165 31,099 33,264 1,802 25,544 27, 3 4 6
– Reuse 31 900 931 37 437 474
– Recycling 1,447 26,818 28,265 1,060 21,512 22,572
– Other recovery 688 3,380 4,068 705 3,595 4,300
Directed to disposal 1,720 4,572 6,292 2,692 2,480 5,172
– Incineration 313 297 610 305 464 770
– Landfill 204 2,831 3,035 120 1,524 1,644
– Other disposal 1,204 1,443 2,647 2,267 491 2,758
Total waste generated 3,886 35,670 39,556 4,494 28,024 32,518
Total amount non-recycled waste 1,720 4,572 6,292 2,692 2,480 5,172
Percentage non-recycled waste 44% 13% 16% 60% 9% 16%
Sustainability Statement – Environment  
43
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 44]
S1 Own workforce
Alfa Laval is committed to ensuring safety at work for all employees, whether at its own sites or at 
 customer locations. The company continues to build a workforce that reflects the world around it 
and the  customers it serves, promoting diversity and supporting continuous learning and development. 
These commitments - to safety, inclusion and growth - are fundamental to Alfa Laval’s long-term 
 business success.
Social
Impacts, risks and 
opportunities
SBM-3
Workforce-related impacts
Alfa Laval has identified two negative material workforce-related 
impacts concerning health and safety, and inclusion and diversity, and 
one positive impact connected to learning and development. These 
impacts are also potential business risks for the company. The entire 
workforce, consisting of some 23,000 employees and 1,600 non- 
employees, is potentially affected by these impacts, although certain 
parts of the workforce will be exposed to some impacts more than others 
due to their job roles, the context they are working in or other personal 
characteristics, as explained below. Although Alfa Laval operates in 
countries such as Brazil, China and India, where child labour and forced 
labour are present, as indicated by various external sources such as 
ILO and Save the Children, these have not been assessed as material 
impacts on the workforce given Alfa Laval’s skilled manufacturing 
operations and ways of working to minimize any such risks.
As a global industrial manufacturing company, there is an ever-present 
risk of physical injuries and safety incidents occurring at Alfa Laval 
sites, as well as at customer locations where Alfa Laval employees are 
installing or servicing equipment. Accidents may also occur while 
employees are travelling or off-site on business trips. Alfa Laval health 
and safety data shows that lost time injuries occur most frequently at 
manufacturing sites, while incidents occurring in other locations are 
less common. Nonetheless, Alfa Laval is responsible for maintaining 
safe working conditions in all work-related situations, and failure to do 
so may result in negative impacts on the workforce. This requires con -
tinuous management attention with efforts to raise safety awareness 
and adjusting ways of working to minimize safety risks.
Like many companies in the industrial sector, Alfa Laval currently has a 
higher proportion of male employees compared to female employees. 
At the Group level, there are more than three male employees for every 
female employee. This imbalance is more pronounced among blue 
collar workers, while the ratio is more balanced in white collar positions. 
Alfa Laval recognizes that being in the minority can present challenges 
for women in the workplace, such as potential bias, exclusion or pay 
disparities. Alfa Laval is committed to increasing the representation of 
women across all levels while maintaining focus on merit-based criteria.
Alfa Laval aims to provide all employees with learning opportunities 
and appropriate training so they may continuously develop throughout 
their careers. Training enables employees to develop expertise and learn 
new skills, which increases motivation to work efficiently and safely. 
A broad range of training courses are available to all employees, with 
some mandatory courses being assigned to employees depending on 
job role, and others that can be chosen to contribute to an employee’s 
individual interests and career development path. Training and skills 
development that help employees grow and perform better in their 
current and future roles have positive impacts that potentially affect 
the entire Alfa Laval workforce.
Workforce-related risks and opportunities
All material workforce-related impacts also have business risks and 
opportunities associated with them. Alfa Laval is dependent on a 
healthy, engaged and innovative workforce to maintain and grow a 
successful business. Losing valuable working time to injuries due to 
poor attention to workplace safety or not being able to innovate and 
develop key technologies due to an overly homogenous or insufficiently 
trained workforce are examples of risks arising from such dependencies.
Alfa Laval’s strategy to be a leader in the green transition requires a 
well-trained, innovative and flexible workforce that can easily adapt to 
changes in technology and business. This means resources need to be 
invested in attracting and developing employees with the necessary 
skills to contribute to this strategy. Alfa Laval depends on the availability 
and engagement of employees such as product and application experts, 
service engineering staff, as well as key manual workers like welders and 
CNC operators. As Alfa Laval grows into new industries and applica -
tions, industry specialists are critical to connect product opportunities to 
new business. Having the right people in the right position with the right 
competence is fundamental to sustain continued business growth.
Management of impacts, 
risks and opportunities
S1-1, S1-2, S1-3, S1-4
Policies related to own workforce
The Alfa Laval Business Principles and the People Policy are the founda-
tion for the employee-employer relationship, setting out expectations on 
employees and expressing Alfa Laval’s commitment to respect funda -
mental human and labour rights, including health and safety, inclusion 
and diversity, and fair working conditions. The People Policy also states 
Alfa Laval’s ambition to offer meaningful growth and development for 
every employee through relevant learning and career progression.
Sustainability Statement – Social
44
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 45]
The Alfa Laval Human Rights Policy further emphasizes human rights 
due diligence and compliance and addresses Alfa Laval’s salient 
human rights risks and material impacts, including health and safety, 
and inclusion and diversity, as well as human trafficking, child labour 
and forced labour in the supply chain. The Business Principles, People 
Policy and Human Rights Policy are core policies that apply to the entire 
workforce and are aligned with internationally recognized instruments 
such as the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. 
Further details are presented in the Sustainability Governance section 
in the General Information chapter.
In addition to these core policies, Alfa Laval has more detailed govern -
ing documents on specific topics, such as the Health & Safety Policy, 
Inclusion & Diversity Directive, and Whistleblower Protection and 
Anti-Retaliation Policy. The Health & Safety Policy expresses a commit -
ment to avoid incidents and prevent work-related hazards and under-
lines that employee safety is vital and must always take priority in any 
decision. The Health & Safety Policy is supported and implemented via 
the Health & Safety Manual, which is essentially a management system 
containing more detailed guidance on managerial responsibilities and 
expectations on employees’ behaviour to reduce safety risks. In addi-
tion, there are several detailed health and safety procedures that apply 
to specific work tasks or situations, such as chemicals management, 
safe lifting and handling, using personal protective equipment, and 
working at heights or in confined spaces.
The Inclusion & Diversity Directive supplements the People Policy, 
providing guidance and setting expectations on managers and employ-
ees regarding Alfa Laval’s standpoint on inclusion, diversity, harassment 
and discrimination. Key principles highlighted in the directive include 
each employee’s right to “be themselves”, to promote an inclusive 
workplace and a commitment to fairness and equality in all business 
processes including but not limited to hiring, promotion, development, 
remuneration and termination. The Inclusion & Diversity Directive 
expressly prohibits any form of discrimination, harassment, and bullying 
or victimization at work. Discrimination is defined as treating a person 
less favourably based on legally “protected characteristics” such as 
gender, marital status, sexual orientation, race, colour, ethnic or 
national origin, nationality, age, disability, religion or belief, caring 
responsibilities, trade union or employee representation activity or 
political belief. Employees who feel that the company or a colleague 
has failed to act in accordance with the commitments expressed in the 
directive should bring this up with their manager, Human Resources, or 
report the breach anonymously through the whistleblower function.
Processes for engaging with workforce
Workforce engagement
Engagement with the workforce happens in a multitude of ways on a 
Group and local company or site level to ensure employee perspectives 
effectively inform decisions and activities. Employees are engaged with 
directly, for instance in annual career development reviews and employee 
surveys, as well as through employee representatives, which typically 
takes place in structured dialogues when any major organizational 
changes take place. Formal one-to-one and informal ad hoc meetings 
between managers and employees take place daily to discuss work 
tasks, roles, responsibilities and challenges, as well as workplace well -
being-related topics. 
 
The annual Performance Development Dialogue (PDD) is a direct 
employee-manager engagement opportunity that addresses many 
important topics related to the employee’s performance, development 
and upskilling. The PDD process is offered to all white-collar employ -
ees individually and to blue-collar employees in factory environments 
through a similar but often slightly simplified process.
Employees also have opportunities to share input on working conditions, 
leadership and other workplace-related issues in the annual company-  
wide engagement survey (VOICE), as well as several surveys for 
 specific purposes. Individual teams and the company as a whole use 
the information gathered to identify and make decisions with workforce 
impacts. Further information on the employee engagement survey 
VOICE is presented in the General Information chapter, section on 
Interests and views of stakeholders.
 
While Alfa Laval does not have a Global Framework Agreement with 
workers’ representatives in place, management including the CEO 
engages directly on material topics with employee representatives in 
the European Works Council. At most sites, there are similar local 
arrangements for management to inform on and discuss workforce 
impacts with the local unions and other worker representatives. Further-
more, the Board of Directors includes three trade union representatives 
who participate in all meetings, allowing them full insight into corporate 
developments at the highest level.
 
Concerning health and safety, union and safety representatives actively 
participate in Alfa Laval initiatives and attend various committees to 
ensure comprehensive safety oversight. Additionally, the Alfa Laval 
Production System (ALPS) allows all employees to raise safety con -
cerns during daily meetings, fostering a proactive and inclusive safety 
culture.
By working continuously to ensure a safe and inclusive workplace 
where each employee is treated with respect, Alfa Laval seeks to avoid 
or mitigate any negative impacts on employees. In planning workforce 
engagement, as well as work tasks and activities, particular consider -
ation is given to underrepresented groups within the workforce, as well 
as employees with family responsibilities. Alfa Laval is committed to 
developing flexible working models that support employees with 
diverse needs and circumstances, and to providing training that ensures 
these opportunities are offered equitably by reducing unconscious bias 
throughout the workforce.
Remediating impacts and raising concerns
Where Alfa Laval has caused or contributed to a material negative 
impact on members of its workforce, the company will always contrib -
ute to appropriate remediation in line with local regulatory requirements 
and corporate policies and procedures. There are processes in place to 
assess critical activities, and any material impacts on the workforce, for 
example regular health and safety risk assessments to identify unsafe 
ways of working and salary analysis to identify gender pay gaps for 
employees performing work that is equal or of equal value. The exact 
forms of remedy will depend on the type of impact and the situation 
where this occurs. Alfa Laval uses various feedback mechanisms, such 
as the annual employee survey VOICE and regular ALPS meetings, to 
evaluate the effectiveness of the remedies provided.
There are several channels for employees to raise concerns regarding 
poor working conditions or other negative impacts that occur in the 
workplace. First and foremost, employees may address any concerns 
to their immediate manager. If this is not effective or possible, employ -
ees should contact their HR department or approach their manager’s 
manager. In most locations, employees can also reach out to their local 
unions or other workers’ representatives who can then raise the issues 
with management. 
If necessary, employees may use the Alfa Laval whistleblowing service 
Speak Up to anonymously report and in confidence any inappropriate 
or illegal conduct they have experienced or that has come to their 
attention. The whistleblowing channel can also be used as a grievance 
mechanism, as employee-related complaints such as dissatisfaction 
with working conditions or interpersonal issues may be reported using 
this service and Group HR takes part in the investigation of whistle -
blower cases. The Speak Up service is available to all employees via 
the intranet or QR-codes on posters at operational sites. The service 
can also be accessed on the external company website. 
Sustainability Statement – Social
45
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 46]
Employee awareness of the Speak Up! service is regularly monitored 
by benchmarking the relative number of cases registered per country 
and region. Locations with a low number of cases per employee are 
identified as potential targets for activities to improve awareness and 
trust of the whistleblowing service as a channel for raising concerns. 
Regular training on the Business Principles, including information about 
the Speak Up! service, ensures that all employees receive recurring 
information on how to report observations of misconduct. Further infor -
mation on the whistleblowing function and company policy to protect 
all whistle blowers is presented in the G1 Business conduct subchapter.
Actions
A selection of key actions to address material workforce-related 
impacts, risks and opportunities are described below. The intentions 
and expected outcome of these actions is to fulfil policy objectives in 
promoting a culture of inclusion and diversity, enhancing the skills of 
employees, and ensuring a safe and healthy work environment. The 
actions are identified based on management reviews of performance 
in relation to targets and policy expectations, recurring risk and gap 
assessments, as well as inputs from stakeholders, including employee 
initiatives and responses to the annual VOICE engagement survey.
The effectiveness of actions is evaluated in various ways depending 
on the specific type of action. A common method for following up on 
actions is making data on relevant performance indicators available, 
allowing managers and HR personnel to monitor progress. Health and 
safety metrics are, for example, distributed in monthly safety reports to 
all managers, making it possible to assess progress and the impact of 
initiatives on a local as well as global level. These metrics are regularly 
reviewed in business unit and other relevant management teams as a 
basis for considering further actions that need to be taken.
All material workforce-related impacts, risks and opportunities are 
part of local and global Alfa Laval management responsibilities, and 
this includes ensuring that adequate resources are available to deliver 
on Group targets and policies. More specifically, both managers and 
HR functions in each part of the organization are responsible to detect, 
analyse and drive relevant actions and request resources to close gaps 
and leverage opportunities. Resources dedicated to workforce-related 
topics are part of overall operational expenditure and are not tracked 
independently, reflecting the integration of key actions into business 
operations.
Inclusion and diversity
The Alfa Laval Inclusion and Diversity strategy is built on a long list of 
initiatives, many of which are driven locally by the business, HR and 
employees themselves, while receiving full support from management. 
At Group level, tracking the differences in work experience between 
genders is a monitoring activity to support the setting of action plans 
in parts of the organization where divergence is detected. Over the past 
few years, the experience gap between genders has decreased signifi -
cantly based on responses to the annual employee survey.
As described in more detail below, revised targets for the proportion 
of female employees and managers were set in 2025. These targets 
were the result of a thorough review resulting in realistic yet challenging 
targets for the period up to 2030. A framework for inclusion and diver -
sity action plans will be rolled out in 2026 to ensure effective activities 
are initiated throughout the Group to deliver on the targets. In addition, 
improved tools for identifying and analysing pay equity data in specific 
countries and parts of the organization are being implemented in 2025 
and 2026 to support initiatives to close gender pay gaps. 
Raising cultural awareness through training is an ongoing activity at 
Alfa Laval. Inclusion and diversity themes are an important part of 
leadership programmes attended by managers and employees each 
year. At Alfa Laval, several diversity networks and employee resource 
groups have been initiated by employees and supported by the com -
pany to help raise awareness and support individuals in their profes -
sional development. One example is the W@lfa Women network, 
which started in Sweden in 2017 and expanded across sites during 
following years. In 2024 W@lfa opened its first activities in Denmark.
Learning and development
Alfa Laval aims to provide opportunities for all employees to learn and 
develop during their time in the company. A significant part of compe -
tence development takes place in the daily work through solving 
demanding tasks, collaborating with colleagues and participating in 
projects with people from other parts of the organization. In addition, 
attending relevant training courses contributes to the growth and 
development of employees and ensures that the workforce is equipped 
with the right competencies aligned with the Group’s strategic direc-
tion, including upskilling to take advantage of the opportunities offered 
by the green energy transition.
Local learning and development activities are carried out every day in 
factories and sales companies around the world, for instance through 
insights gained via the Alfa Laval Production System (ALPS), a digital 
tool which allows employees to share information and contribute to 
safety and efficiency improvements. Training on products and applica -
tions designed by experts in the business units is provided via the Alfa 
Laval Product & Application School (ALPAS), which is available for all 
employees through the global Learning Portal. The Learning Portal is 
Alfa Laval’s platform for all training courses and includes a broad range 
of courses on sustainability, compliance and other topics, courses to 
enhance professional excellence, and leadership training programmes 
for all levels. Many courses are e-learnings that are continuously avail -
able, while others are instructor-led courses offered in classroom set -
tings at regular intervals.
In 2023, Alfa Laval began transforming its learning and development 
strategy to support the company’s 2030 strategic direction. Key 
changes have been made to structure, processes, technology, and data 
to scale learning for prioritized capabilities. From 2024, management 
teams have conducted regular capability gap assessments, identifying 
critical skills for the next three years. Significant progress has been 
made in Sustainability and Leadership Development during 2024–
2025, with the new framework set to expand to other capabilities in 
2026. A new delivery model and digital solution for training will be 
implemented in 2026. These efforts have already doubled monthly 
active users on the learning portal in 2025 compared to 2022, reflect -
ing increased engagement and a stronger learning culture.
Health and safety
A health and safety strategy was introduced in 2024, supported by a 
two year roadmap covering leadership, processes, and safety culture. 
As this roadmap approaches completion, work is in progress to review 
outcomes and define the next phase of the programme. 
Managers are expected to lead local health and safety activities and 
support the implementation of safe working practices. The strategy 
also includes the development of processes, and the provision of tools, 
methods, and guidance.
Capability building actions include a health and safety e-learning 
module used in employee onboarding and a health and safety leader -
ship training programme for senior managers, both introduced in 2025. 
Ongoing initiatives include the I Care programme, a behaviour based 
safety programme launched in 2019, and the Fair and Just programme 
addressing the role of human factors in safety. Local activities, such as 
safety days organised across sites, continue to support awareness and 
engagement.
Sustainability Statement – Social
46
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 47]
Implementing systematic ways of working with clear directives, helpful 
guidelines and a robust audit process is an important part of building 
safe processes and promoting a safety culture. Alfa Laval has a global 
health and safety management system in place for many years, built on 
the Health & Safety Policy, Health & Safety Manual and associated 
procedures and guidelines. Components of the management system are 
updated regularly, and recently a procedure for standardized local health 
and safety action plans was introduced, requiring operational units to 
assess and set actions that address safety risks and performance and 
contribute to safety targets. Steps were also taken in 2025 to initiate a 
global health and safety audit programme to more thoroughly assess 
local performance and provide support in making further progress. 
Targets and metrics
S1-5, S1-6, S1-9, S1-13, S1-14, S1-16
Targets
Alfa Laval has set clear outcome-oriented targets for the material 
workforce-related sustainability matters – health and safety, inclusion 
and diversity, and training and skills development. These targets have 
been set in processes coordinated by each responsible corporate func -
tion – Health, Safety & Environment for the safety target and Group HR 
for other workforce-related targets. The target-setting processes have 
included assessments of recent performance, benchmarking with 
peers and interactions with employees in the organization working with 
safety, diversity and career development topics. The proposed targets 
have been reviewed and acknowledged by Group Management and 
the Board of Directors, with worker representatives present.
The health and safety target was updated in 2025 and is expressed in 
terms of a lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR), with the aim to have 
a group-wide LTIFR for the entire Alfa Laval workforce below 1.0 by 
2030. This means there should be no more than one injury that results 
in time away from work per million working hours, which is an ambitious 
target that aligns with the Health & Safety Policy objectives to avoid 
incidents and prevent work-related hazards. Alfa Laval has seen a 
decreasing LTIFR trend for the past few years from 3.6 in 2021 to 1.8 in 
2024, but the number of accidents increased in 2025 and the LTIFR for 
the year was 2.32. 
The inclusion and diversity targets were also updated in 2025 with 
new target values for the proportion of women in managerial positions 
and among employees, and a new target on the nationality of senior 
managers to promote more diverse management teams. The targets 
are to achieve a proportion of female employees of 26 percent and a 
proportion of female managers of 27 percent by 2030. In 2025, the 
proportion of female employees was 23 percent and female managers 
was 23 percent, which is an increase from 21 percent female employees 
and 20 percent female managers in 2021. The target for nationality 
represents another dimension of diversity, and the target is to have more 
than 50 percent of managers in senior positions (as defined by role 
seniority over a threshold, typically two levels below Group Manage -
ment) with a non-Scandinavian citizenship by 2030. These targets 
support the objectives of the People Policy to promote inclusion and 
diversity at all levels of the organization.
In training and skills development, the focus is on supporting the career 
and competence development of employees, as well as build capabili -
ties crucial for business success. The target is for all white-collar work -
ers, making up more than 60 percent of the workforce, to have an 
annual Performance Development Dialogues (PDD) with their manag -
ers. For blue collar workers, performance reviews are encouraged but 
not required, and while such development dialogues are common in 
Alfa Laval, there is currently no target set for this group of employees. 
The PDD target contributes to the development talks being held prop -
erly and on time, and these dialogues are key to identifying meaningful 
growth opportunities and relevant training for employees as stated in 
the People Policy.
Metrics
Metrics for material workforce-related impacts, risks and opportunities 
are presented below. This includes key characteristics of Alfa Laval 
employees (S1-6), diversity metrics (S1-9), training and skills develop -
ment metrics (S1-13), health and safety metrics (S1-14), and remunera -
tion metrics (S1-16).
Alfa Laval employees
The following tables present data on Alfa Laval employees in terms of 
headcount numbers per year-end, broken down by gender, type of 
contract (permanent or temporary), and major countries, defined as 
having at least 50 employees and representing more than 8 percent of 
the total workforce. 
Approximately 85 percent of Alfa Laval is fully integrated into the com -
pany’s global HR systems (Alfa Laval branded companies), while the 
remaining 15 percent is not. In 2024, visibility was limited for employees 
in the less integrated areas. This issue was addressed in 2025, provid -
ing a comprehensive global overview (Alfa Laval Group). For 2025, 
results are presented for both the previous and new scopes, allowing 
for trend analysis and establishing a new baseline for the Alfa Laval 
Group. Unless otherwise specified, all reported metrics for 2025 reflect 
the entire Alfa Laval Group.
The total headcount for the Alfa Laval Group was 23,010 for year-end 
2025 and the total number of full-time equivalents (FTE) reported in 
the financial statements was 23,671 for 2025. A further breakdown of 
FTEs per Alfa Laval business division is available in the Management 
Report and FTEs for every country with an Alfa Laval company is in the 
Financial Statement, Note 4.
A majority (76 percent) of employees are male, and Alfa Laval has a 
clear ambition and target to increase the proportion of female employ -
ees in the workforce. Most employees have permanent contracts, with 
less than 4 percent having a temporary employment contract. This 
number includes people on fixed-term contracts, interns, apprentices 
and parental leave covers. Alfa Laval does not have consolidated data 
on employees with non-guaranteed hours, but based on available 
information, this is a very rare form of employment in the company .
More than half (56 percent) of the employees work in one of the five 
major countries of operation – Sweden, China, Denmark, USA and 
India. Other countries with a significant number of employees are 
 Norway, France, Italy, Brazil and Poland and more than 80 percent of 
Alfa Laval employees work in one of these top ten largest countries of 
operation.
In 2025, the number of employees increased by around 1,300 due to 
business growth and acquisitions, leading to significantly more employ -
ees in China. While not visible in the rounded numbers below, female 
share of employees increased almost 0.5 percentage points, and there -
fore moving on track to the target of 26 percent female employees by 
2030. For managers (employees with a team leader responsibility), the 
proportion of women was 23 percent in 2025, which is on a similar level 
to 2024.
Sustainability Statement – Social
47
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 48]
Inclusion and diversity
ESRS diversity metrics for top management (gender) and all employ -
ees (age) are presented in the following tables. Top management is 
defined by role seniority over a threshold, up to two levels below Group 
Management.
While women remain underrepresented in top management at Alfa 
Laval, the proportion of female leaders at the most senior level (23 
percent) is similar to the share of females in the broader group of 
employees with managerial positions (23 percent). The percentage 
of female top managers has remained flat compared to 2024.
Alfa Laval benefits from a highly experienced workforce, with many 
employees having been with the company for 20 years or more. This is 
reflected in the age distribution, which shows a comparatively high and 
increasing proportion of employees over 50 years old. The expertise 
and deep knowledge of these long-tenured em-ployees are valuable 
assets for the company. Alongside this, Alfa Laval’s ambition to lead 
the green transition and drive innovation is supported by attracting and 
retaining talent from a wide range of ages and backgrounds. Fostering 
greater inclusion and diversity across all levels of the organization 
enhances creativity, strengthens problem-solving, and ensures that 
Alfa Laval remains agile and competitive in a rapidly evolving market. 
Headcount by gender 2025 2025 2024
Alfa Laval Group Alfa Laval branded companies Alfa Laval branded companies
Top management Number Percentage Number Percentage Number Percentage
Male 346 77% 276 77% 283 77%
Female 101 23% 81 23% 83 23%
Total headcount 447 100% 357 100% 366 100%
Headcount by age group 2025 2025 2024
Alfa Laval Group Alfa Laval branded companies Alfa Laval branded companies
All employees Number Percentage Number Percentage Number Percentage
Under 30 years old 4,067 18% 3,410 15% 3,186 18%
30-50 years old 13,054 57% 10,992 48% 10,100 56%
Over 50 years old 5,889 26% 5,036 22% 4,793 27%
Total headcount 23,010 100% 19,438 100% 18,079 100%
Headcount 2025 2025 2024
Alfa Laval Group Alfa Laval branded companies Alfa Laval branded companies
Permanent Temporary Total Percent Permanent Temporary Total Percent Permanent Temporary Total Percent
Male 17,0 0 1 528 17,529 76% 14,395 480 14,875 77% 13,453 452 13,905 77%
Female 5,192 279 5,471 24% 4,301 255 4,556 23% 3,897 259 4,156 23%
Other 4 – 4 <0.1% 1 – 1 <0.1% – – – –
Not reported 6 – 6 <0.1% 6 – 6 <0.1% 18 – 18 <0.1%
Total headcount 22,203 807 23,010 100% 18,703 735 19,438 100% 17, 36 8 711 18,079 100%
Headcount by major country 2025 2025 2024
Alfa Laval Group Alfa Laval branded companies Alfa Laval branded companies
Number Percentage Number Percentage Number Percentage
China 3,599 16% 3,346 17% 2,864 16%
Sweden 3,327 14% 3,112 16% 3,050 17%
Denmark 2,064 9% 2,060 11% 1,999 11%
USA 2,018 9% 1,277 7% 1,261 7%
India 1,964 9% 1,578 8% 1,562 9%
Total major countries 12,972 56% 11,373 59% 10,736 59%
Total other countries 10,038 44% 8,065 41% 7, 3 4 3 41%
Total headcount 23,010 100% 19,438 100% 18,079 100%
Employee turnover 2025 2025 2024
Alfa Laval Group Alfa Laval branded companies Alfa Laval branded companies
Permanent employees Number Percentage Number Percentage Number Percentage
Employees leaving Alfa Laval 1,927 9% 1,443 8% 1,476 8%
Total headcount 22,203 18,703 17, 36 8
Sustainability Statement – Social
48
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 49]
Training and skills development
The Alfa Laval target is for all white-collar employees to participate in 
annual performance and career development reviews. Such reviews 
typically take the form of one or more meetings between the individual 
employee and their immediate manager, during which career goals, 
specific objectives for the coming year, and review of performance in 
relation to the objectives for the previous year are discussed. Blue-col -
lar employees are also offered but not required to take part in perfor -
mance and development reviews, and these can take different forms, 
including Group assessments or peer feedback. As such, participation 
in performance reviews is not consolidated for blue-collar employees.
In 2025, the proportion of employees participating in performance 
reviews was 59 percent for the Alfa Laval Group. This includes also 
blue-collar workers where data will be incomplete, as can be seen in 
the low participation rate particularly for male employees with a higher 
proportion of blue collars.
The average participation rate for white-collar workers was 88 per -
cent, which is lower than 2024 and below the target of 100 percent. 
This is mainly due to an acquisition during the last half of the year, 
where data is missing and this is expected to be a one-time effect. 
Participation in performance reviews 2025 2025 2024
Percentage of all employees Alfa Laval Group Alfa Laval branded companies Alfa Laval branded companies
Male 55% 50% 53%
Female 73% 72% 77%
Average 59% 55% 59%
The outcomes from individual development reviews (bottom up) are 
combined with business capability gap assessments (top down) to 
identify reskilling and upskilling needs. Training interventions in terms 
of capacity and content are then put in place to meet the needs.
Alfa Laval does not have a quantitative target for the number of training 
hours per employee but follows up the completion of mandatory and 
assigned trainings. If employees do not complete trainings within a 
certain timeframe, they receive a reminder, and their manager is con -
tacted if the training is still not taken after an additional period of time.
Male training hours are higher due to a high proportion of male employ-
ees in the service business, where there are extensive trainings 
accounting for more than half of the total registered training hours.
Training hours per employee 2025 2025 2024
Number of training hours Alfa Laval Group Alfa Laval branded companies Alfa Laval branded companies
Male 17 17 14
Female 9 8 9
Average 15 15 13
Data on training hours refers to courses registered in the Alfa Laval 
learning systems. In addition, extensive training on safety and other 
operational topics is conducted in operational environments on site at 
Alfa Laval sites. Due to its local nature, these training hours are not yet 
fully captured in Alfa Laval’s systems and are not included in the con -
solidated training hours per employee.
Health and safety
Alfa Laval health and safety metrics are presented in the following 
table. These metrics cover both employees and contingency workers in 
the Alfa Laval workforce and are reported monthly to monitor progress 
towards the Alfa Laval health and safety targets. Data on cases of 
recordable work-related ill health is currently not available on a consoli -
dated basis.
All people working at Alfa Laval sites are covered by local health and 
safety management systems applying the principles in the Alfa Laval 
Health & Safety Manual, which is the global health and safety manage-
ment framework based on legal requirements and best practice, includ-
ing the ISO 45001 standard. The functioning of these local management 
systems is regularly reviewed on-site by Global Health, Safety & Envi -
ronment. In addition, around half of the factory locations have chosen 
to certify their health and safety management systems according to 
ISO 45001, which means they are also externally audited. 
The Alfa Laval health & safety target is to achieve a lost time injury 
frequency rate (LTIFR) below 1.0 by 2030. Unfortunately, the decreas -
ing trend in accidents resulting in time away from work in recent years 
was broken in 2025 and the number of lost time injuries increased from 
73 in 2024 to 102 in 2025, with a resulting LTIFR of 2.32, which is sig -
nificantly higher than the target Alfa Laval is aiming for.
Several accidents during the year involved using incorrect tools for the 
job or neglecting to use proper personal protective equipment. Most 
were not severe but the increasing number of accidents is a concern 
and indicates poor risk awareness in potentially hazardous work situa -
tions. To address this and further increase the focus on safety, Alfa 
Laval will introduce a global Safety Committee in 2026, to be chaired 
by Divisional Presidents on a rotating basis and with senior divisional 
managers and the Global Health & Safety Manager as members.
Sustainability Statement – Social
49
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 50]
 
Health and safety metrics 2025 2024
Own workforce
Health & safety management system (%) 100% 100%
Fatalities 0 0
Recordable work-related injuries (TRI) 256 224
Recordable injury frequency rate (TRIFR) 5.81 5.53
Lost time injuries (LTI) 102 73
Lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR) 2.32 1.80
Days lost to work-related injuries 3,124 2,751
Remuneration
Alfa Laval aims to pay employees fair and market competitive rewards 
recognizing business and individual performance, as well as the skillset 
and experience of each role. A basic principle is that total remuneration 
for work that is considered equal or of equal value should also be equi -
table. The intent is therefore that there should be no unexplainable pay 
gap between male and female employees in the same geography hav -
ing similar job roles, education, experience and performing equally well.
Metrics for the gender pay gap and annual total remuneration ratio of 
the highest paid individual (CEO) to the average annual total remuner -
ation for all Swedish employees are presented in the table below.
At a consolidated global level, there is a 6 percent unadjusted pay gap 
in favour of female rather than male employees. The global gender pay 
gap provides an aggregated view of the workforce profile of Alfa Laval, 
reflecting different gender distributions in different work types and 
countries. As Alfa Laval has proportionally more females in white-collar 
positions, the relative higher pay for many of these jobs increases the 
average for female employees.
Considering factory workers in isolation, there is still a positive pay gap 
in favour of female employees, and this is mostly explained by the fact 
that women in blue-collar positions are comparatively more common in 
higher earning countries. Considering white-collar workers in isolation, 
pay gaps are limited in entry level and mid-level jobs but tend to be 
larger in more senior positions.
Remuneration metrics 2025 2024
Global gender pay gap (% of male pay level) -6.0% -5.5%
Total remuneration ratio (CEO/ average Swedish 
employees) 54 53
Sustainability Statement – Social
50
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 51]
The company has identified potentially negative impacts on working 
conditions primarily for supply chain workers as material in the double 
materiality assessment but has opted to use the phase-in provisions to 
postpone disclosures according to ESRS S2. An overview of key poli -
cies, actions, targets and metrics connected with workers in the value 
chain is provided below.
Impacts, risks and 
opportunities
With a global value chain and a presence in more than 100 countries, 
Alfa Laval can have a material impact, both positive and negative on 
many value chain workers. In the upstream value chain, Alfa Laval has 
over 5,000 direct suppliers, and some of these operate in industries 
such as foundries and steel production with health and safety risks and 
other potentially negative impacts on working conditions. Further 
upstream, in the extraction of metals and minerals, for instance, work -
ing conditions may be even more challenging with significant impacts 
on workers. 
In the downstream value chain, employees of distribution and logistics 
providers may also be exposed to poor working conditions. Workers 
further downstream at customer locations may potentially be harmed if 
Alfa Laval products malfunction, although such incidents are extremely 
rare and there have been no claims from customers in recent years 
concerning product safety.
Certain activities in the Alfa Laval value chain, such as mining and 
metals production, take place in countries where forced labour and 
child labour are present, including Brazil, China and India. Alfa Laval 
has a clear position on this, as expressed in the Business Principles for 
Suppliers, and the risk of incidents of forced or child labour among 
direct suppliers is considered low yet it is still reviewed in supplier 
assessments and on-site sustainable sourcing audits.
Management of impacts, 
risks and opportunities
Policies
Alfa Laval’s policies in relation to value chain workers are designed to 
adhere to international human rights standards, including the OECD 
Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, the United Nations Guiding 
Principles on Business and Human Rights and the ILO Declaration on 
Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. The main policy docu -
ment setting expectations on suppliers is the Business Principles for 
Suppliers, which is based on the Business Principles that apply to the 
Alfa Laval workforce and the Human Rights Policy. All suppliers are 
expected to acknowledge the Business Principles and are accountable 
for following and fully incorporating them into their own supply chain, as 
expressed in supplier agreements.
The Business Principles for Suppliers address material sustainability 
impacts in the value chain, including impacts on value chain workers. 
Suppliers are expected to guarantee the rights of workers according to 
the International Bill of Human Rights and the Core Conventions of the 
International Labour Organization (ILO). The Business Principles for 
Suppliers explicitly mentions rights in relation to freedom of associa -
tion, working hours, discrimination, health and safety, child labour and 
forced labour, including human trafficking. The Vice President Global 
Sourcing is responsible for the Business Principles for Suppliers and 
Group Management adopts the principles.
The Alfa Laval Sourcing Policy sets the framework for procurement of 
goods and services, including sourcing governance and processes, 
contracting principles, and outlining the Sustainable Sourcing Pro -
gramme. The Sourcing Policy states that the Business Principles for 
Suppliers is the foundation of the sourcing process and emphasizes 
collaboration with suppliers to have a responsible and sustainable 
value chain. The Sustainable Sourcing Programme is built around the 
Business Principles for Suppliers, and includes business reviews of Alfa 
Laval commodity strategies, workshops for suppliers, and supplier 
awards for best sustainability practices. The programme also secures 
compliance with the Business Principles for Suppliers by performing 
Business Principles audits. These audits are based on an assessment 
of sustainability risks, including corruption and human rights impacts, 
but also risks related to specific manufacturing processes and geogra -
phies. The Vice President Global Sourcing is responsible for the Sourc -
ing Policy, which is then adopted by Group Management. 
The Alfa Laval Sustainable Sourcing Due Diligence Framework has 
been developed to support the Sustainable Sourcing Programme. This 
framework outlines the annual cycle for sustainable sourcing, assigns 
roles and responsibilities, and describes the sustainable sourcing model, 
which is a risk-based approach to identifying, assessing and monitoring 
adverse impacts on supply chain workers aligned with the OECD Due 
Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business Conduct. The Business 
Principles audits are an important part of the Sustainable Sourcing 
Programme and are carried out by an internal team of trained auditors 
guided by the Supplier Audit Guidelines. These framework documents 
are developed and updated by corporate Global Sourcing function and 
adopted by the Vice President Global Sourcing.
  
Actions
Material sustainability impacts and risks in the supply chain are 
addressed through the Sustainable Sourcing Programme. The inten -
tion of the programme is to establish processes for sustainable sourc -
ing throughout Alfa Laval, while also driving change in the supply chain 
and encouraging suppliers to commit to more sustainable business 
practices.
The programme is evolving continuously, and during the year the 
 Sustainable Sourcing Due Diligence Framework and the Supplier Audit 
Guidelines were updated, Business Principles trainings were held with 
suppliers in India, and a review of countries classified as high risk in 
terms of impact on value chain workers was conducted. Furthermore, 
an annual supplier engagement process was introduced covering 
S2 Workers in the value chain
All workers in the Alfa Laval value chain have the right to fair and safe working conditions and to be 
treated in a way that respects their human rights. Alfa Laval expects all business partners to treat 
employees decently and uphold internationally accepted labour rights. Alfa Laval suppliers commit 
to comply with the Business Principles for Suppliers.
Sustainability Statement – Social
51
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 52]
suppliers representing 80 percent of the company’s spend. This 
includes a supplier self-assessment survey on labour rights, organiza -
tional commitment to uphold these rights and support with improve -
ment actions.
Further actions that will contribute to creating a solid foundation for 
sustainable sourcing are planned for 2026 and beyond. This includes 
launching an updated version of the Business Principles for Suppliers 
and associated process documents to align with the recently revised 
Business Principles. New targets and metrics will be developed to 
monitor supplier performance in relation to material impacts and risks 
concerning workers in the value chain.
Targets and metrics
Targets
While there is no specific target in relation to performing Business 
 Principles audits, Alfa Laval sets an annual plan for the number of 
audits to be performed. This plan depends on the outcome of a supplier 
risk assessment process addressing environmental, human and labour 
rights, and bribery and corruption risks. Suppliers are screened based 
on their countries of operation, risks related to manufacturing pro -
cesses, and maturity of corporate governance and policy frameworks. 
This results in a list of suppliers targeted for on-site audits to review 
compliance with the Business Principles for Suppliers. The number of 
audits performed each year will also depend on the availability of Alfa 
Laval sustainability auditors and other sourcing priorities. In 2025, the 
audit plan encompassed 104 suppliers based mainly in China and 
India.
Metrics
The main metrics currently used to track performance related to material 
impacts and risks concerning workers in the value chain are connected 
to the Business Principles audits. These audits of selected suppliers are 
carried out each year to monitor compliance with the Business Principles 
for Suppliers. As indicated above, suppliers are selected to be audited 
based on an assessment of sustainability risks in the country of opera -
tion and in the manufacturing processes used, taking into consideration 
how suppliers are managing these risks.
Over the past three years, a total of 204 Business Principles audits 
were carried out by Alfa Laval’s team of certified sustainability auditors, 
averaging 71 per year. In 2025, 107 suppliers were selected for a Busi -
ness Principles audit, and 16 of these had action plans fully closed by 
year-end.
In performing the audits, there may be deviations noted by the auditors 
in relation to Alfa Laval expectations as specified in the Business Princi -
ples for Suppliers. Certain key areas were identified as critical, including 
child labour, forced labour, freedom of association, health and safety, 
fire protection and environmental management. Deviations in any of 
these areas require immediate correction, both from new and estab -
lished suppliers. Suppliers with serious breaches have a limited time to 
implement the necessary improvements, while the case is escalated 
and monitored. Non-compliance without corrective action can lead to 
termination of the supplier agreement with Alfa Laval.
In 2025, a total of 1,090 deviations was found during the Business 
Principles audits performed during the year, of which 208 deviations 
concerned one or more of the critical areas. More than half (58 per -
cent) of the total number of deviations were connected to health and 
safety observations. A substantial proportion of deviations (13 percent) 
were related to working conditions in general, and some specifically on 
human and labour rights (8 percent). The remaining deviations mainly 
concerned environmental protection and chemical management.
Sustainability Statement – Social
52
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 53]
Governance
Impacts, risks and 
opportunities
SBM-3
Business conduct impacts
Corruption and bribery undermine trust in institutions and create eco -
nomic and social inequalities, leading to negative impacts for business 
and individuals, including higher costs, legal risks and limiting access 
to public services. Alfa Laval has zero tolerance for any form of bribery 
or corruption. The international scope of Alfa Laval’s organization 
means that the company is active in several countries where there is a 
high risk of corruption and this requires constant information, training 
and monitoring, grounded in a corporate culture that promotes trans -
parency and accountability. 
Providing stakeholders with an easily accessible, independent and 
confidential whistleblowing channel is an important component of a 
successful anti-bribery and anti-corruption platform. Whistleblowers 
may face significant personal and professional risk and need to be 
protected from retaliation. Alfa Laval has established a whistleblowing 
channel and encourages employees to report any concern about 
actual or potential legal non-compliance or violation of the Business 
Principles, including incidents of bribery and corruption or any other 
unethical conduct. Alfa Laval takes all whistleblower reports seriously 
and will properly address them, including protecting those who have 
reported their concerns.
For most sustainability matters, the impacts on people and the environ -
ment are more significant in the value chain than in Alfa Laval’s own 
operations. Impacts occurring in the upstream value chain, and partic -
ularly in the operations of direct suppliers, are potentially easier for Alfa 
Laval to influence than downstream impacts. Through the sustainable 
sourcing programme, suppliers are assessed and monitored regarding 
their sustainability performance to minimize negative impacts on people 
and the environment and any risks for Alfa Laval.
Business conduct risks and opportunities
Combatting corruption and bribery is likewise a necessity from a busi -
ness risk perspective. Doing business in places where corruption and 
bribery are commonplace is a challenge as these practices distort fair 
competition, weaken governance and discourage investment. Engaging 
in corrupt business practices is costly and can result in significant finan -
cial impacts, including fines and reputational damage. While corruption 
and bribery can occur in many situations, the most significant risks are 
concentrated in certain functions and specific countries and regions. 
Managing relationships with direct suppliers is important for business 
success and this includes assessing and monitoring sustainability risks 
in the supply chain through the sustainable sourcing programme. Sup -
pliers are expected to acknowledge and comply with the Business 
Principles for Suppliers, which outline key environmental, social and 
governance principles that are considered fundamental to ethical 
business conduct. Non-compliance with local legislation or failure to 
adhere to the Business Principles would be a clear indication of a risky 
supplier relationship that needs to be addressed or terminated.
Management of impacts, 
risks and opportunities
G1-1, G1-2, G1-3
Approach to corporate culture
Alfa Laval’s corporate culture is built on a set of fundamental beliefs 
and principles that guide employee behaviour and how business is 
conducted. These beliefs are manifested in four core values – Team 
Play, Dedication, Respect and Exploration – that have developed over 
the course of Alfa Laval’s history as a company, and they are an enabler 
of the business strategy to be a transition leader. These shared values 
capture the essence of the Alfa Laval corporate culture and function as 
a common language across business units and borders in the global 
Alfa Laval organization.
The core values support the Business Principles that describe the way 
Alfa Laval must act within society whilst achieving business goals. 
As described in the Sustainability Governance section in the General 
Information chapter, the Business Principles emphasize Alfa Laval’s 
responsibilities as an employer, industry leader and corporate citizen, 
expressing company commitments and expectations on employee 
behaviour. As an employer, Alfa Laval commits to ensure fair labour 
standards and working conditions, provide a safe and healthy working 
environment, and promote and preserve inclusion and diversity at 
G1 Business conduct
Alfa Laval is committed to doing business with honesty, integrity and respect for others, and expects 
the same from its business partners. This means not only following applicable laws and regulations 
but adhering to the highest ethical standards of business conduct. The Alfa Laval Business Principles 
set out fundamental rules of behaviour that all employees should adhere to when conducting busi-
ness, including a clear stance on corruption and bribery, protection of whistleblowers, and monitoring 
supplier sustainability performance and compliance.
Sustainability Statement – Governance
53
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 54]
work. As an industry leader, Alfa Laval commits to fair and free compe -
tition, to fight bribery and corruption, and to select suppliers that are 
prepared to conduct business ethically, respect human and labour 
rights and protect the environment. As a corporate citizen, Alfa Laval 
commits to reduce the company’s environmental impact, respect 
human rights, and oppose unethical and unlawful acts by employees, 
customers and business partners.
The core values and Business Principles are the foundation for estab -
lishing corporate culture and promoting sustainable business. Key 
initiatives to develop a positive corporate culture are described 
throughout this Sustainability Statement and include the business 
development activities contributing to positioning Alfa Laval as a leader 
of the green energy transition, while giving all employees a common 
purpose. Corporate culture is also promoted through initiatives such 
as the group-wide safety programme ensuring that employees “return 
home safely – every day” and in the numerous inclusion and diversity 
activities, including the W@lfa Women network and inclusive leader -
ship training. In the annual employee survey, VOICE, with an 89 percent 
response rate in 2025, the overall engagement score was at a five-year 
high in 2025 confirming that there is a strong corporate culture at Alfa 
Laval. Several category scores were above the benchmark of global 
top 25 percent of companies, including employees’ sense of belonging, 
feeling of empowerment, and being able to speak their mind freely.
Business conduct policies
Alfa Laval Business Principles is the overarching governing document 
for business conduct matters, with an adaption - Business Principles 
for Suppliers - addressing expectations on suppliers. These policies are 
described above and in the General Information chapter and S2 Work -
ers in the value chain sub-chapter. The Group Sourcing Policy provides 
a framework for procurement activities in Alfa Laval, including the 
 sustainable sourcing programme, and this is also presented in the S2 
sub-chapter.
Building on the Business Principles, Alfa Laval has a more specific Anti-  
Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy and a Whistleblower Protection and 
Anti-Retaliation Policy. These policies are adopted by the Risk and Com-
pliance Board, which consists of key members of Group Management, 
including the CEO, CFO and Executive Vice President Group Affairs, 
supplemented with the Vice President Group Risk & Compliance and 
Vice President Group Legal. Both policies apply to all members of the 
workforce and are available on the Alfa Laval intranet along with a 
summary of business conduct procedures and links to relevant training 
and the whistleblowing service. The policies are also available on the 
Alfa Laval website and shared with suppliers, business partners, and 
other external stakeholders through contracts, agreements and 
onboarding processes.
The Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy clearly states Alfa Laval’s 
position regarding zero tolerance of bribery and corruption in any form 
and in any country. The company shall always comply with national 
anti- bribery and anti-corruption laws, but Alfa Laval is committed to 
applying the best international practices of fighting against corruption, 
even if national legislation does not require this. The policy prohibits 
all forms of bribery and facilitation payments, sets monetary limits for 
charitable contributions and sponsorships, addresses conflicts of inter -
est and interactions with business partners, and presents the Alfa 
Laval Compliance Framework.
The Whistleblower Protection and Anti-Retaliation Policy underlines 
that anyone in the workforce has a right to report their concerns about 
violation of Alfa Laval Business Principles, the law and unethical, illicit, 
unsafe or fraudulent behaviour. The policy encourages employees to 
actively execute their rights to report ethical concerns, and this should 
be done in good faith and never with intent to denigrate people or mis -
represent facts. The policy emphasizes that Alfa Laval takes all reports 
seriously and will properly address them. The confidentiality of whistle -
blowers shall be maintained to the greatest extent possible, and any 
form of retaliation against whistleblowers who report concerns in good 
faith is strictly forbidden. Any breach of whistleblower protection will 
lead to disciplinary and, if appropriate, legal action against the employ -
ees and managers involved.
Procedures for identifying, reporting and investigating 
concerns
Alfa Laval has a well-established procedure for reporting and investi -
gating concerns about unlawful or unethical conduct. Employees should 
first raise concerns with their managers by following the management 
chain. Reports can also be made to the next line manager or depending 
on the issue, to local HR or the financial controller, Group Risk & Compli-
ance or Internal Audit. In cases of serious violations, or where internal 
reporting is not conceivable, an anonymous and confidential report in 
any language can be made to the web-based whistle  blowing service 
Speak Up!, which is hosted by an external independent service pro -
vider. Reports filed with the whistleblowing service are accessible by a 
limited number of Alfa Laval employees from Group Risk & Compliance 
and Group HR, who receive regular training. Information about the 
procedure for raising concerns and the link to the whistleblowing ser -
vice is available on the Alfa Laval Group intranet for employees and on 
the website for external stakeholders.
When a report is logged in the whistleblower platform, Alfa Laval is 
committed to investigating it promptly, independently and objectively. 
A review team makes a preliminary assessment of the validity of the 
incident reported and if it is justified to initiate an investigation. Accord -
ing to the Alfa Laval Internal Investigation Procedure, an investigation 
should always be conducted by someone at least one level above the 
organizational level where the alleged misconduct has happened, or 
by someone who is fully independent from that part of the organization. 
The people assigned to the investigation team must take professional 
responsibility for ensuring they are independent from the facts being 
investigated.
After an investigation is completed and properly documented, a report 
must be prepared and sent to Group Risk & Compliance and the 
approver of the investigation, who is normally the manager responsible 
for the business where the suspected misconduct has taken place. The 
approver must decide on what measures or actions should follow 
based on the investigation report, including appropriate disciplinary 
measures proportionate to the severity of any confirmed misconduct. 
Group Risk & Compliance is responsible for monitoring adherence to 
the Internal Investigation Procedure and will regularly report a sum -
mary of status and findings as well as any non-compliance to the Risk 
and Compliance Board, which includes representatives from Group 
Management.
Training on policies and procedures is an important activity to prevent 
and detect incidents of unethical and illegal business conduct, includ -
ing bribery and corruption. New employees are introduced to the Busi -
ness Principles upon joining Alfa Laval and there is extensive internal 
training available on the Business Principles, including how to identify 
and report concerns. In addition, there are a substantial number of 
more in-depth trainings on the individual topics covered by the Busi -
ness Principles on the Learning Portal, available via the Alfa Laval 
intranet. All employees are expected to attend training on the Business 
Principles at least every two years, with enhanced training efforts on 
anti-bribery and anti-corruption in high-risk contexts and for exposed 
personnel. The functions identified as most at risk in respect of bribery 
and corruption include sourcing and supply chain managers and third-
party intermediates, such as agents and distributors acting on behalf 
of Alfa Laval. In addition, most management roles and finance and 
accounting personnel are identified as having an elevated level of 
exposure to bribery and corruption.
Sustainability Statement – Governance
54
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 55]
Prevention and detection of corruption and bribery
Fostering a corporate culture built on honesty, integrity and respect for 
others begins with ensuring employees are equipped with the right 
knowledge and tools to act ethically and responsibly. Alfa Laval has a 
clear set of Business Principles, policies and guidelines on anti-bribery 
and anti-corruption, and all employees are expected to familiarize 
themselves with these documents to understand what is required in 
the course of their professional duties. Each Managing Director of an 
Alfa Laval company, President of a Business Unit and other senior 
managers are responsible for the detection and prevention of bribery 
and corruption and other irregularities within the organizational unit 
they are leading.
Alfa Laval has a comprehensive anti-bribery and anti-corruption pro -
gramme based on annual risk assessments by the business units and 
corporate functions. The international scope of its operations means 
business takes place in several countries where there is a high risk of 
bribery and corruption. Screening of new suppliers and business part -
ners, including agents and distributors, is performed before engage -
ment, and they are asked to acknowledge the Alfa Laval Business 
Principles. Contractual clauses that explicitly address anti-bribery and 
anti-corruption obligations are typically included in all agreements, 
intended as a binding commitment to ethical business conduct.
A Three lines of defence model has been implemented to clarify roles 
and responsibilities in applying the Alfa Laval Business Principles and 
underlying governing documents, including the Anti-Bribery and Anti-  
Corruption Policy. This is a model to secure compliance, identify gaps 
and ensure that remedial actions are taken on discovered deficiencies. 
The first line includes operational management in the business who are 
responsible for implementing controls and managing day-to-day oper -
ations. These are the people who own and manage risks. The second 
line is oversight functions at corporate level who help ensure that the 
first line is properly managing risks. They develop policies, provide 
guidance and monitor compliance.
The third line of defence is the internal audit function and external 
 auditors who are independent of operational management and report 
directly to the Audit Committee on the functioning of the first and second 
lines. The internal audit team provides independent assurance that the 
first and second lines are functioning effectively through audits. Internal 
audits are an important part of the Alfa Laval governance framework, 
monitoring compliance with the Business Principles and the Anti-  
Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy and identifying areas for continuous 
improvement.
A key part of the anti-bribery and anti-corruption programme is train -
ing, which is mandatory for all white-collar employees and tailored to 
address varying risk levels and employee exposure. The training is 
designed to increase the understanding and awareness of bribery and 
corruption risks and follows a “prevent, detect and correct” methodol -
ogy. The core training materials, including governing documents, are 
communicated via the Alfa Laval intranet and reinforced in webinars 
and specialized e-learning modules, available in several languages.
The current anti-bribery and anti-corruption training programme covers 
all white-collar employees throughout the organization, including Group 
management and all functions identified as at risk in respect of bribery 
and corruption, of which around 80 percent have access to the e-learn -
ing courses in the learning portal. The mandatory ABAC e-learning is 
about one hour and covers definitions of corruption, Alfa Laval policies 
and procedures on suspicion, detection and reporting of bribery and 
corruption incidents. For personnel or units without intranet access, 
classroom trainings of about 1.5 hours with a similar content are pro -
vided to ensure full coverage. Implementation is supported by legal 
and compliance representatives embedded within the organization, 
ensuring that training is both relevant and effective across all opera -
tional areas.
Management of relationships with suppliers
Proper management of supplier relationships is key to business suc -
cess and Alfa Laval is intent on using its purchasing leverage to ensure 
that goods and services are provided timely and responsibly at a low 
total cost and are of the defined quality. The Alfa Laval sourcing strat -
egy is defined by the Group function Global Sourcing and mostly exe -
cuted through a network of sourcing professionals in the business units 
who are responsible for managing relationships with local suppliers.
Sourcing activities are organized in a commodity structure to capture 
synergies and minimize risks in regional and global supply chains. Sig -
nificant commodity groups include metal raw materials, forged and 
machined metal parts, electrical components and proprietary parts, 
as well as the procurement of indirect materials and consumables, 
process equipment and transportation services.
As described in the sub-chapter S2 – Workers in the value chain, the 
Sourcing Policy sets the foundation for sourcing activities in Alfa Laval. 
The Sourcing Policy establishes a common Group framework for 
sourcing, including governance and processes, and referencing tools, 
templates and procedures to be applied when procuring goods and 
services and engaging with suppliers. This Group framework contrib -
utes to reducing risks associated with sourcing.
As part of the sourcing process, suppliers should be assessed annually 
and classified according to a segmentation model to guide how the 
relationship with the supplier is managed. An existing supplier will 
typically be an approved, preferred or strategic supplier, indicating an 
increasing level of cooperation and commitment in the supplier rela -
tionship. In addition, there will on occasion be suppliers that are specifi -
cally requested by Alfa Laval customers to be involved in the delivery 
on certain projects. At any point in time, there will also be a group of 
suppliers that are considered probationary, potentially to be phased out.
The Alfa Laval Sourcing Policy establishes that the Business Principles 
for Suppliers is the foundation of the sourcing process. As described in 
sub-chapter S2 “Workers in the value chain”, the Business Principles for 
Suppliers is aligned with the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enter -
prises and the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human 
Rights and sets expectations on suppliers regarding sustainable busi -
ness. All suppliers are asked to adhere to the Business Principles for 
Suppliers, and Alfa Laval performs regular audits on location at selected 
suppliers to monitor compliance with the Business Principles. Further 
information on the Business Principles audits is presented in the sub- 
chapter S2.
Alfa Laval has introduced the Doing Business concept and a compliance 
matrix to assess and secure supplier compliance with key requirements, 
including adherence to the Business Principles for Suppliers. The com -
pliance matrix sets out specific requirements for various types of sup -
pliers and the commodities they are supplying to Alfa Laval. The most 
extensive requirements are placed on suppliers of direct and indirect 
materials for manufacturing, which include having adequate environ -
mental and quality management systems and avoiding the use of sub -
stances on Alfa Laval’s Restricted Substances List.
In addition to the generic requirements, suppliers can be exposed to 
industry specific requirements, which need to be verified through cer -
tificates of traceability or specialized audits. By consistently applying 
the Doing Business compliance matrix, and following up through Busi -
ness Principles audits, Alfa Laval limits sourcing risks and sustainability 
impacts in the supply chain.
Sustainability Statement – Governance
55
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 56]
Targets and metrics
G1-4
Targets
Alfa Laval has set a target for employee training on business conduct 
matters to contribute to reducing the risk of unethical behaviour. In 
2025, the target was updated as part of the review of the Alfa Laval 4C 
sustainability and is focused on employees receiving training on the 
Business Principles, aiming for at least 90 percent to take the training 
every second year. This is tracked primarily through completion of the 
e-learning module on the Alfa Laval learning portal and through class -
room trainings.
As both the target and the Business Principles have been updated in 
2025, and with a new Business Principles training to be launched 
during 2026, there is currently no accurate data on performance in 
relation to this target.
Metrics
Regarding the ESRS disclosure requirement on incidents of corruption 
or bribery, there were no convictions or fines for the violation of anti- 
corruption and anti-bribery laws during the year. Any confirmed inci -
dents of corruption or bribery are followed up with thorough analyses 
of internal controls, policies and procedures to identify any weaknesses 
or gaps that may have contributed to the incident.
A total of 173 whistle blower cases were registered in 2025, of which 
49 concerned allegations of corruption and bribery involving Alfa Laval 
employees. Combined with reports of alleged incidents from other 
sources, 53 internal investigations were initiated and 51 of these had 
been completed before year-end. While no significant incidents of 
corruption could be confirmed, two cases of minor bribery were found 
to be true. The overall conclusion was that these incidents were not the 
result of any significant breaches in procedures and standards of 
anti-corruption and anti-bribery at Alfa Laval in 2025.
Sustainability Statement – Governance
56
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 57]
Methodologies for 
targets and metrics
E1 Climate change
E1-4 Climate change targets
GHG emissions reduction targets
Targets assumptions
The GHG emissions reduction targets are absolute targets expressed 
as a percentage reduction of 2020 (base year) emissions by 2030 
(near-term target) and 2050 (long-term target). Base year emissions 
in tons CO2e and targeted reductions are presented in a table in the 
E1-4 Targets section of the report.
The near-term target (2030) is combined for Scope 1 and 2 (market -
based) GHG emissions with a separate Scope 3 target covering all 
relevant and measurable emissions categories. The long-term target 
(2050) is a net zero target covering all Scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG 
emissions.
The targets are aligned with the GHG inventory boundaries in section 
E1-6 Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and total GHG emissions and all reported 
emissions are included. The targets apply globally across all operations 
and include all Alfa Laval entities reporting energy use and therefore 
included in the GHG inventory.
The targets are based on conclusive scientific evidence and have been 
validated by SBTi following a 1.5°C cross-sectoral decarbonisation 
pathway. This pathway is based on the IEA Net-Zero Emissions by 2050 
Scenario, which assumes rapid decarbonisation through massive clean 
energy investments, deployment of renewables, electrification, and 
significant energy efficiency improvements.
Key assumptions for setting the GHG emission reduction targets reflect 
the NZE scenario assumptions, including availability of renewable 
energy and low emission materials, continued electrification opportuni -
ties, product energy efficiency improvements, and customers transition -
ing to clean energy.
Base year and baseline recalculation
The base year (2020) and baseline emissions are considered repre -
sentative in terms of the activities and emission sources covered when 
comparing with the immediately preceding and ensuing years. The 
baseline value and base year will be updated if there are changes to 
the GHG emissions reduction target or other changes that significantly 
affect the reporting boundary or emissions calculations.
In 2025, the following substantial methodological and boundary 
changes in the calculation of Scope 3 GHG emissions triggered a 
recalculation of the baseline value and a restatement of the GHG emis -
sions reported for previous years. Only the baseline value has changed, 
the base year and GHG emissions reduction target remains the same.
Notes and tables
• Scope 3.1 – The database for spend-based emission factors was 
changed from DEFRA to CEDA, providing more granular and 
updated emission factors. This resulted in an increase in base year 
emis-sions from 1,184,794 tCO 2e to 1,694,807 tCO 2e ( +43 percent). 
Emissions for 2024 increased from 1,365,310 tCO 2e to 1,749,550 
tCO2e ( +28 percent).
• Scope 3.11 – Several changes to the reporting boundary – inclusion 
of recently acquired business units, previously excluded products and 
sources of energy use – resulted in an increase in base year emissions 
from 42,435,495 tCO 2e to 64,215,948 tCO 2e ( +51 percent). Emis-
sions for 2024 increased from 47,963,884 tCO 2e to 77,515,511 
tCO2e ( +62 percent). 
Energy targets
Alfa Laval has set two energy-related targets (covering all Alfa Laval 
operations reporting energy use globally) to support the GHG Scope 1 
and 2 emissions reduction targets.
1. Increase annual sourcing of renewable electricity from 80 percent in 
2020 to 100 percent by 2030.
2. Improve energy efficiency (expressed as total energy consumption 
in MWh/SEK millions group net sales) by 4 percent year-on-year to 
2030. The base year is 2024 and the baseline value is 4.61 MWh/
SEK millions.
The targets build on the ambitions expressed in the Environmental Policy 
on the ambition to increase energy efficiency in operations and secure 
sourcing of renewable energy. These ambitions are compatible with EU 
policy goals, as expressed for instance in the Clean Industrial Act.
The targets are based on conclusive scientific evidence and aligned 
with the assumptions in the IEA NZE by 2050 scenario, including rapid 
decline in fossil fuel use, extensive investments in renewable energy, 
sustained energy efficiency gains, and electrification of vehicles and 
industrial processes on a global scale. 
Target development has involved many different internal stakeholders, 
but no external stakeholders have been directly involved in setting 
these targets.
E1-5 Energy consumption and mix 
The total energy consumption related to Alfa Laval’s own operations 
includes fuel consumption from renewable and non-renewable sources, 
as well as the consumption of purchased electricity, district heating and 
district cooling from renewable, fossil and nuclear sources. Alfa Laval 
also self-generates electricity that is entirely consumed in its own oper -
ations and not sold into the grid. 
 
Energy consumption data includes all operational sites and companies 
owned by Alfa Laval during the reporting period. This applies also to 
leased assets. 
 
The data on energy consumption is reported monthly based on 
invoices. Where no invoice is available on time, estimates are created 
based on consumption from the previous period as well as meters. 
Self-generated electricity is measured by the site individually. 
Sustainability Statement – Notes and Tables
57
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 58]
The energy can be reported in various units of measurements depend -
ing on invoices sites receive but is ultimately always converted and 
consolidated using MWh as the standard unit of measurement. 
 
Purchased electricity from renewable sources with a certificate of ori -
gin, Energy Attribute Certificates (EACs) or a supplier statement is 
reported as renewable energy. Other electricity purchases that do not 
guarantee a 100 percent origin from renewables are reported accord -
ingly by splitting the consumption based on an allocation key from the 
supplier indicating the share of fossil, renewable or nuclear energy.
 
Sites that consume district heating report the entire consumption as 
renewable energy if the supplier guarantees that more than 50 percent 
of the district heating comes from renewables. If less than 50 percent 
comes from renewables, the entire consumption is reported as fossil 
energy. Only 100 percent of renewable electricity is counted as renew -
able electricity. The percentage of renewable energy is based on the 
total consumption of energy. 
 
The energy consumption of company cars used by Alfa Laval is based 
on the mileage set in contracts with leasing companies. Information 
about energy consumption per car is provided by the leasing company.
In disclosing energy intensity based on net revenue according to E1-5, 
all Alfa Laval activities are considered as “high climate impact sectors”. 
Total energy consumption in MWh for the group (row 12 in the “Energy 
consumption and mix” table) is divided by the total net sales for the 
group, as reported in the top line of the Consolidated comprehensive 
income statement in the Financial Statement. Total net sales for 2025 
amounted to SEK 69,674 millions and for 2024, SEK 66,954 millions.
E1-6 Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and total GHG emissions
Applied standards and methodology 
Emissions are calculated in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Pro -
tocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard and the Corporate 
Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard, including 
applicable guidance documents GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance and 
Technical Guidance for Calculating Scope 3 Emissions.
 
All GHG emissions are calculated in tonnes CO 2e and include relevant 
gases such as CO₂, CH₄, N₂O, HFC, PFC and SF6. Global Warming 
Potential (GWP) used in the calculations of CO 2e emissions of non- 
 CO2 gases are the most recent published by the IPCC. The base year 
for climate-related targets and all emissions calculations is 2020. 
Alfa Laval calculates GHG emissions periodically during the year using 
a structured approach with clearly defined and labelled metrics aligned 
with ESRS. These calculations are not subject to external validation 
other than by company auditors but are thoroughly reviewed internally 
by business controllers and sustainability experts. 
Primary data provided by suppliers is used for calculating emissions 
as far as possible, and most Scope 1 and 2 emissions calculations are 
based on energy consumption data from suppliers. Where primary 
data is incomplete or difficult to collect, Alfa Laval uses internal records, 
estimates and recognized secondary sources, including peer-reviewed 
literature and public databases to calculate emissions. This is freque -
ntly the case for several categories of Scope 3 emissions.
The reporting boundaries for scope 1 and 2 emissions are the same as 
for the financial statements, as Alfa Laval does not have operational 
control of joint ventures or other companies that are not consolidated 
in the financial statements. The reporting boundaries for relevant cate -
gories of Scope 3 emissions extend across the full value chain from 
upstream purchased goods and services to downstream distribution, 
use and end-of-life treatment of products. There were no significant 
changes in the definition of what constitutes the reporting entity or the 
upstream and downstream value chain during the year. 
The methodologies, assumptions and emission factors applied in the 
calculation of Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions have all been chosen with the 
intention of providing relevant and reliable data on Alfa Laval’s GHG 
emissions. To this end, certain changes in methodology, assumptions 
and emission factors are introduced as better alternatives or new infor -
mation becomes available that produces more accurate data on emis -
sions. Details on specific methodology, assumptions and emission 
factors used to calculate each emission Scope, and any changes com -
pared to previous periods, are presented below.
Scope 1 and 2 emissions
Scope 1 emissions are calculated based on the reported consumption 
of fossil-based fuels at operational sites and standard emission factors 
published by the UK Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs 
(DEFRA). Emissions from company cars are based on the mileage set 
in the contracts with leasing companies. For electric cars, emissions 
are calculated using national grid factors. For fuel-based cars, emis -
sions are calculated using emission factors for car models provided by 
the leasing companies. In 2025, an adjustment was made to the emis -
sions from company cars to avoid the double counting of commuting 
emissions that are also reported in Scope 3, category 7.
Scope 2 market-based emissions are calculated using reported con -
sumption of electricity, district heating and cooling from operational 
sites and emission factors provided by energy suppliers. For electricity 
from renewable or nuclear sources, an emission factor of 0 tCO 2e is 
applied. When supplier-specific emission factors are not available, 
emissions are calculated by using regional grid mix factors provided 
by the International Energy Agency (IEA) or other relevant national 
sources. If supplier-specific emission factors for district heating are not 
available, emission factors based on country data for electricity and 
heat from IEA are used as proxies for district heating. In previous years, 
district heating factors from DEFRA have been used, but these reflect 
emissions in the UK rather than other countries.
Scope 2 location-based emissions are calculated in a similar way to 
market-based emissions, except regional or national grid mix factors 
from IEA are used for all calculations.
A significant proportion of Alfa Laval energy consumption comes from 
renewable sources, and this is reflected in the market-based Scope 2 
emissions. Of the total Scope 2 market-based emissions in 2025, 97 
percent was associated with contractual instruments to purchase 
renewable or other low-carbon energy supported by Guarantees of 
Origin (GO) or Renewable Energy Certificates (REC). A substantial 
share of the electricity Alfa Laval purchases is bundled with RECs or 
similar energy attribute certificates, typically part of contracts in the 
Nordic countries, Italy and France, and most other countries buy 
unbundled RECs.
 
Scope 3 emissions 
Alfa Laval reports Scope 3 emissions for all categories assessed as 
relevant and significant for the business model as listed below. Scope 3 
categories 8 (upstream leased assets), 10 (processing of sold prod -
ucts), 13 (downstream leased assets), and 14 (franchises) are excluded 
as they are not applicable to Alfa Laval’s operations. GHG emissions 
from cloud computing and data centre services are not included as 
they are currently assessed as immaterial to Alfa Laval operations in 
relation to the business model.
Calculations of Scope 3 emissions are almost entirely dependent on 
secondary data. For some Scope 3 categories (3, 5, 6) primary activity 
data on, for example, energy use, waste and travel is available, and a 
limited number of supplier-specific emission factors have been used 
to calculate category 3.1 emissions. Taking this into consideration, 
approximately 1 percent of Scope 3 emissions are based on primary 
data from suppliers. Further details on calculation methods and data 
sources used for estimating Scope 3 emissions per category are pre -
sented below.
Sustainability Statement – Notes and Tables
58
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 59]
Category 1: Purchased goods and services
Emissions from the production of raw materials and components used 
to produce Alfa Laval products. This is the most significant upstream 
category of Scope 3 emissions and includes cradle-to-gate emissions 
of purchased goods. Calculated using both the average data method 
(for weights of metal raw materials) and the spend-based method 
(for other commodities). Emission factors from suppliers, Ecoinvent 
(weight-based calculations) and the Watershed Open CEDA data -
base (spend-based calculations) are applied.
Category 2: Capital goods
Emissions related to the production of machinery, equipment, buildings 
and vehicles acquired by Alfa Laval. Calculated based on expenditures 
for capital goods used in owned operations and emission factors from 
the Watershed Open CEDA database.  
Category 3: Fuel- and energy-related activities
Emissions (not included in Scope 1 or 2) from upstream fuel production 
and energy transmission. Calculations based on actual energy con -
sumption (as reported in E1-5) and emission factors from IEA and 
DEFRA for upstream emissions and transmission and distribution 
losses.  
Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution
Emissions associated with the transportation of Alfa Laval materials 
and products by third-party logistics providers under contractual rela -
tionship. Calculated with the distance-based method (well-to-wheel). 
The external provider EcoTransIt World is used for estimating emissions, 
considering transportation routes, modes of transport and fuel mix.
Category 5: Waste generated in operations
Emissions from treatment and disposal of waste produced in own 
operations. Calculated based on actual waste data reported by Alfa 
Laval sites and emission factors from DEFRA.
Category 6: Business travel
Emissions resulting from travel by employees for work purposes. Cal -
culated by third party Thrust Carbon based on actual travel data (air 
travel, rail and hotel stays) provided by Alfa Laval’s travel agency.
Category 7 – Employee commuting
Emissions resulting from transportation of employees between their 
homes and their workplace. Estimated using the average data method 
based on insights on transportation modes and commute distances 
from employee surveys conducted in 2020 and 2021 multiplied by the 
number of FTEs.
Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution
Emissions linked to the distribution of finished products to customers, 
not paid for by Alfa Laval. Estimated using the distance-based method 
(well-to-wheel) as a percentage (20 percent) of upstream transporta -
tion emissions (category 4) based on an in-depth assessment of trans -
portation performed in 2020 .
Category 11: Use of sold products
Emissions related to the energy consumption of Alfa Laval products in 
use at customer locations. This is the overall most significant category 
of Scope 3 emissions. Calculated based on actual sales during the 
reporting period and estimated lifetime energy consumption of sold 
products multiplied by IEA electricity emission factors for countries 
where Alfa Laval products are installed. DEFRA emission factors are 
used for fuel-based products. Emission factors for Marine solutions 
powered by electricity generated onboard are internally developed 
based on specific fuel consumption per fuel and engine type and aver -
age fuel mix of vessels contracted during the year.
Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products
Emissions related to the disposal and recycling of Alfa Laval products 
at end of life. Calculated using the waste-type-specific method and 
data on product weights multiplied by waste disposal emission factors 
from DEFRA. Weights of products manufactured and sold during the 
year are assumed to equal the weights of purchased metal raw materi -
als used in the weight-based calculations in category 1.
Category 15: Investments
Emissions from joint ventures and associated companies (where Alfa 
Laval does not have operational control) with operations that use 
energy resulting in Scope 1 and 2 emissions. Energy data is collected 
from these companies and emissions are calculated using DEFRA and 
IEA emission factors.
GHG emissions intensity
Emissions intensity is calculated as total Scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emis -
sions (for market-based and location-based Scope 2 emissions respec-
tively) in tCO2e divided by total net sales in SEK millions for the Alfa Laval 
Group as reported in the top line of the Consolidated comprehensive 
income statement in the Financial Statement. Total net sales for 2025 
amounted to SEK 69,674 millions and for 2024, SEK 66,954 millions.
Biogenic emissions
Alfa Laval discloses biogenic Scope 1 and 2 emissions of CO 2 from the 
combustion or biodegradation of biomass separately outside of Scopes 
but includes emissions of other types of GHG in the GHG inventory. 
Biogenic emissions are calculated based on actual consumption of 
biofuels at Alfa Laval sites (Scope 1) and supplier data on quantities of 
biomass used for generating electricity and heating purchased by Alfa 
Laval (Scope 2) multiplied by emission factors from DEFRA. Alfa Laval 
does not currently have reliable data to calculate biogenic Scope 3 
emissions.
 
E3 Water and marine 
resources
E3-3 Water targets
The water target for the period up to 2030 is to improve water effi -
ciency (expressed as total water withdrawn in m 3/SEK millions group 
net sales) by 5 percent year-on-year. The base year is 2024 and the 
baseline value is 10.4 m 3/SEK millions. Water withdrawals include 
fresh water taken from surface water, groundwater and municipal 
water for use in company processes.
The target applies to all Alfa Laval operations reporting water with -
drawal globally and is based on the ambi-tion expressed in the Environ-
mental Policy to ensure the efficient use of energy, water and materials in 
prod-ucts and processes. The target aligns with the promotion of indus -
trial water efficiency set out in the European Water Resilience Strategy.
The target is based on conclusive scientific evidence regarding the 
implications of climate change on the availability and quality of fresh -
water in the IPCC climate scenarios. In particular, the high emissions 
RCP 8.5 scenario projects a future with less reliable, lower-quality 
freshwater due to more extreme droughts and floods, pollution, salt -
water intrusion, and higher temperatures. These changes will impact 
areas already under water stress more severely but will likely have 
global implications. 
Target development has involved many different internal stakeholders, 
but no external stakeholders have been directly involved in setting the 
water target.
Sustainability Statement – Notes and Tables
59
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 60]
E3-4 Water consumption
Data on volume of water withdrawn is measured and reported quar -
terly by all operational Alfa Laval sites. Water data is reported by all 
companies owned by Alfa Laval during the reporting period.
The E3-4 water metric is currently limited to water withdrawal, which 
includes water purchased from municipal sources or other third party, 
surface water directly taken from rainwater, rivers or other water 
 bodies, and groundwater withdrawn locally below the surface of the 
ground in the saturation zone.
 
With very few exceptions, data on water withdrawal comes from direct 
measurements such as on-site meter readings, supplier invoices or 
other periodic statements from suppliers indicating actual volumes of 
water purchased. 
 
Sites can report water data in various units of measurements depend -
ing on information from suppliers. However, all data is always con -
verted into cubic meters (m3) which is used as the standard unit of 
measurement. 
Alfa Laval monitors water risk and water stress levels of its locations. 
Areas with high water risk or stress are those locations classified as high 
or extremely high according to the WRI Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas.
E5 Resource use and circular 
economy
E5-3 Resource use targets
The waste management target is to divert 95 percent of all non- 
hazardous waste from disposal by 2030. The base year is 2024 with 
a baseline value of 91 percent. Waste disposal treatment methods 
include incineration without energy recovery and landfilling. Any other 
treatment is considered as diverted from disposal.
The target applies to all Alfa Laval operations reporting waste globally 
and is based on the ambition expressed in the Environmental Policy to 
improve waste management, aiming at zero waste to landfill in own 
operations. The target aligns with the objectives of the EU Circular 
Economy Action Plan and the anticipated Circular Economy Act.
The benefits of recycling rather than disposing of waste are well docu -
mented in research studies, including avoidance of methane emissions 
from landfill sites, energy savings and conservation of natural resources 
and biodiversity when producing goods from recycled materials rather 
than virgin materials. The Alfa Laval waste management target is there -
fore based on conclusive scientific evidence.
Target development has involved many different internal stakeholders, 
but no external stakeholders have been directly involved in setting the 
waste target. 
E5-4 Resource inflows
Resource inflow data reported under E5-4 consists of the weight of 
metals – primarily stainless steel, carbon steel, copper, aluminium, 
titanium and nickel – bought as raw materials in the form of coils, plates 
and bars, which represents the most significant resources in terms of 
weight. The data does not currently include metal components – cast, 
forged, machined or otherwise processed parts – or other materials 
used in production or for packaging.
Raw material weight data is collected via an annual survey to all Alfa 
Laval buying units, excluding multi-brand companies, capturing the 
most significant metal resource inflows to the Group. The data is based 
on actual amounts of metals purchased by each buying unit during the 
year, mostly extracted from local ERP tools or similar systems.
E5-5 Resource outflows
Durability of products
Data on the durability of products is collected from experts in the busi -
ness units who have collated information on product design specifica -
tions, service records and observed lifetimes of the installed base of 
products on the market to arrive at an aggregate estimated life expec -
tancy for key Alfa Laval product groups.
The durability estimates assume that products are properly maintained 
and wear parts are replaced at regular intervals according to defined 
service plans. The disclosed metrics are averages for product groups, 
and individual products may have a shorter or longer life than esti -
mated depending on specific operating conditions and the types of 
applications they are used for. 
Waste generation and disposal
Data on waste is reported quarterly by all Alfa Laval operational sites 
and offices. Data is reported by all companies owned by Alfa Laval 
during the reporting period. 
The sites report the actual amounts of waste collected or contracted for 
collection by local waste management companies according to invoices, 
waste transfer notes or supplier agreements. For certain locations that 
are not in full control of waste measurements, such as smaller sales 
offices and leased facilities, an estimated amount of waste is reported 
based on available information from landlords.
In alignment with ESRS, all waste generated by Alfa Laval is classified 
as non-hazardous or hazardous waste, as defined by the EU Waste 
Framework Directive and local legal definitions. Hazardous waste 
includes any radioactive waste. The waste is reported as disposed or 
diverted from disposal based on information on waste treatment meth -
ods from the waste contractor. 
 
Sites can report waste data in various units of measurements depend -
ing on information from waste contractors. However, all data is converted 
into metric tonnes which is used as a standard unit of measurement. 
 
The rate of non-recycled waste is calculated as the total amount of 
waste sent to disposal divided by the total amount of waste. 
S1 Own workforce
S1-5 Workforce targets
Health and safety targets
The safety target is to achieve a Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate 
(LTIFR) below 1.0 by 2030. The base year is 2024 and the baseline 
value is 1.8. The target applies to all Alfa Laval operations globally 
reporting health and safety metrics, as described and defined below in 
the notes to S1-14. The target is based on the vision of zero accidents 
set out in the Health and Safety Policy and the ambition to continuously 
monitor safety performance, ensuring that incidents and hazards are 
identified, reported, and properly investigated.
 
Target development has involved many different internal stakeholders, 
including participation of workers and their representatives, but no 
external stakeholders have been directly involved in setting the health 
and safety target.
In accordance with the Health and Safety Policy, performance in rela -
tion to the target is continuously monitored and monthly safety reports 
are distributed to all managers for presentation and discussion on 
lessons or possible improvements in their respective teams. The Board 
of Directors assesses safety performance at least annually with worker 
representatives present.
Sustainability Statement – Notes and Tables
60
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 61]
Inclusion and diversity targets
There are three inclusion and diversity targets at group level.
1. Share of female employees to be at least 26 percent by 2030. 
The base year is 2024 and the baseline value is 23 percent.
2. Share of female managers to be at least 27 percent by 2030. 
The base year is 2024 and the baseline value is 23 percent.
3. More than 50 percent of managers in senior positions (as defined 
by role seniority over a threshold, up to two levels below Group Man -
agement) shall have a non-Scandinavian citizenship by 2030. Base 
year is 2025 and the baseline value is 50 percent.
These targets apply to all Alfa Laval branded companies globally 
reporting employee metrics via the HRIS system, which encompasses 
approximately 85 percent of all employees. 
Recognizing that Alfa Laval has a relatively homogenous and 
male-dominated workforce, the targets are based on the commitment 
in the People Policy to strive for an inclusive and diverse workplace, 
promoting inclusion and diversity at all levels to give all employees fair 
and equal opportunities. 
Target development has involved many different internal stakeholders, 
including participation of workers and their representatives, but no 
external stakeholders have been directly involved in setting the inclu -
sion and diversity targets.
Performance in relation to the targets is regularly presented in various 
employee fora, and the Board of Directors reviews the inclusion and 
diversity data at least once per year with worker representatives present.
Performance development targets
The target is for 100 percent of white-collar employees to have an 
annual performance development dialogue (PDD) with their manag -
ers. This is a recurring target with no set base year or target year.
The target applies to all Alfa Laval branded companies globally report -
ing employee metrics via the HRIS system, which encompasses approx -
imately 85 percent of all employees.
The target contributes to the performance development dialogues 
being held properly and on time, and the PDD is the basis for meaning -
ful employee growth and identifying relevant learning and career pro -
gression opportunities, as stated in the People Policy.
Target development has involved many different internal stakeholders, 
including participation of workers and their representatives, but no 
external stakeholders have been directly involved in setting the perfor -
mance development target.
Performance in relation to the target is reviewed at least annually by 
the Board of Directors with worker representatives present.
S1-6 Characteristics of employees
Employee data is collected regularly and stored in the Alfa Laval 
human resources information system (HRIS), which covers approxi -
mately 85 percent of employees globally, referred to as Alfa Laval 
branded companies in the report. The remaining 15 percent are typi -
cally employees in multi-brand companies that are not yet connected to 
the HRIS. Data for these employees is collected annually through man -
ual input in a standardized template in the financial reporting system. 
The combination of these two data sets is referred to as Alfa Laval 
Group in the report.
An employee is anyone with an employment contract and on the Alfa 
Laval payroll. Numbers are reported on headcount base for permanent 
and temporary employees at the end of the reporting period per coun -
try of employment. 
Gender is self-declared by each employee. Where the gender of an 
employee is missing or not declared, this is registered as “not reported”. 
Gender diversity is assessed as number of male and female employees 
in relation to the total headcount.
Employee turnover is defined as the number of permanent employees 
leaving Alfa Laval during the reporting period in relation to permanent 
headcount at year-end. Employees leaving Alfa Laval are all employ -
ees with a termination date within the reporting period.
S1-9 Diversity metrics
The data for calculating diversity metrics comes from the same source 
as noted under S1-6. Top management is defined by role seniority 
according to the Alfa Laval grade structure and typically includes man -
agers up to two levels below Group Management. Age of employees is 
determined by date of birth at year-end.
S1-13 Training and skills development metrics
Training data comes from the company’s learning systems where all 
training organized through Alfa Laval is made available to employees 
and registered. Local on-site trainings for a distinct group of employees 
on specific topics are not normally registered in the learning system. 
The data also does not include participation in external training courses.
Average training hours per employee is calculated as the total number 
of training hours registered in the learning system during the reporting 
period divided by the total number of employees by gender (excluding 
individuals not registered as male or female). 
Data on participation in performance reviews covers all Alfa Laval 
employees that are part of the performance development dialogue 
(PDD) process, which is predominantly white-collar employees. The 
PDD process is an annual cycle consisting of setting goals, agreeing on 
a career and development plan, and reviewing employee performance 
at year-end. Participation in performance reviews is measured as the 
number and percentage of employees completing the PDD process 
broken down by gender.
S1-14 Health and safety metrics
The global health and safety framework and related metrics cover Alfa 
Laval’s workforce including its own employees and non-employees, 
such as contingent or temporary workers working under Alfa Laval’s 
supervision and control. Accidents related to contractors are captured 
in the reporting system but not included in health and safety metrics. 
Third-party suppliers or service providers are normally not included. 
 
Health and safety incidents are reported by Alfa Laval sites in the same 
reporting system as energy, water and waste data. Incidents reported 
are hazard and risk observations, near misses and injuries, including 
fatalities, lost-time injuries, restricted work injuries, medical treatment 
injuries and minor injuries.
Definitions of injuries
Fatality. An injury that results in the death of a worker. Deaths occurring 
after the incident are included if they are a direct result of the incident. 
These incidents are accounted for with a lost time of 1,000 days.
Lost Time Injury (LTI). An injury that results in one or more days lost from 
work at some time (not necessarily immediately) after the shift in which 
the injury occurred. 
Restricted Work Injury (RWI). An injury where the worker does not have 
any full days lost but is unable to perform full normal duties.
Medical Treatment Injury (MTI). Injuries that require more than basic 
first aid and the attention of a healthcare professional but does not 
result in time off from work.
Sustainability Statement – Notes and Tables
61
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 62]
Minor Injury (MI). An injury where the worker can immediately return to 
their full normal duties after receiving first aid treatment.
Total Recordable Injury (TRI). Includes all kinds of injuries except minor 
injuries.
 
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR). Represents all Lost Time 
Injuries reported per million working hours.
Working time is calculated based on a global average of hours. Alfa 
Laval uses 1,850 hours per year and multiplies that by the number of 
full-time employees. 
S1-16 Remuneration metrics
Gender pay gap
The gender pay gap is calculated using employee total compensation 
(in SEK), which includes base salary and any benefits in cash. The data 
covers employees included in the human resources information system, 
which is approximately 85 percent of Alfa Laval employees globally.
The pay gap is expressed as the difference in average total compensa -
tion between male and female employees as a percentage of the aver -
age total compensation of male employees. A positive percentage 
means men on average are paid more than women and vice versa.
Remuneration ratio
The ratio is calculated as annual total remuneration of the highest paid 
individual (CEO) to the average annual total remuneration for all 
Swedish employees. This way of calculating the remuneration ratio is 
aligned with how the corresponding metric is presented in the publicly 
available Remuneration Report.
The annual total remuneration for employees is extracted from the finan-
cial reporting system and calculated as the average of base salaries and 
cash benefits for all employees in Swedish legal entities excluding Group 
Management (who are among the highest paid employees besides the 
CEO).
The disclosed remuneration ratio deviates from the requirements in 
ESRS S1-16, as employee remuneration is calculated as an average 
(mean) rather than a median measure, and presently only includes 
employees in Sweden (about 3,300 people).
S2 Workers in the value chain
Suppliers are selected for Business Principles audits based on an 
assessment of country risk, product and process risk, and governance 
risk. The assessment of country risks is typically based on external 
sources such as Transparency International and Verisk Maplecroft. 
Certain manufacturing processes and industries, such as chemicals, 
forging and foundries have been identified by Alfa Laval as having a 
higher risk of environmental, health and safety and labour rights 
impacts. Governance risks are assessed based on screenings of docu -
mented sustainability policies and governance provided by suppliers.
A supplier audit almost always results in one or more deviations in rela -
tion to the audit checklist based on the Business Principles. Deviations 
are classified as low, medium or high risk and the audit is concluded 
with a risk scoring of the supplier based on the number and risk level of 
the observed deviations. Data on the performance of audits and noted 
deviations are compiled from the Alfa Laval supplier audit app which is 
used by auditors to plan and execute Business Principles audits.
G1 Business conduct
Business conduct target
The target is to ensure that at least 90 percent of employees are trained 
on the revised Business Principles every second year, as measured 
 primarily by completion of the e-learning on the Alfa Laval learning 
 platform over a two-year period. The base year for this target will be 
2026 and a baseline value will be available in the next reporting period.
G1-4 Incidents of corruption and bribery
Bribery and corruption incidents are typically reported through the 
established procedures for raising concerns as disclosed in section 
Procedures for identifying, reporting and investigating concerns, which 
is through the management chain, contacting Group Legal or Group 
Risk & Compliance or via the whistleblowing service Speak Up!.
Any convictions and fines for violation of anti-corruption and anti-bribery 
laws are captured through the quarterly reporting of legal actions, claims 
and fines to Group Legal via the network of legal personnel stationed in 
each region and major country where Alfa Laval does business.
Sustainability Statement – Notes and Tables
62
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 63]
T ables in accordance with ESRS 2 
Table 1. List of disclosure requirements complied with and datapoints that derive from other EU legislation
The table lists the ESRS disclosure requirements that are complied with in the Sustainability Statement and datapoints that derive from 
other EU legislation (as listed in ESRS 2 Appendix B). Unless noted as “Not material”, the legislative datapoints may be found in the indicated 
section of the Sustainability Statement. This table is intended to address disclosure requirement ESRS 2 IRO-2 §56. 
Disclosure Requirement
Section in Sustainability 
Statement
ESRS datapoint from other 
legislation
Applicable EU 
legislation
Material 
datapoint
ESRS 2 General Disclosures
BP-1 General basis for preparation of 
sustainability statements
General Information: General basis for 
preparation
–
BP-2 Disclosures in relation to specific 
circumstances
General Information: Specific 
circumstances
–
GOV-1 The role of the administrative, man -
agement and supervisory bodies
General Information: Role and 
 responsibilities of governance bodies
Board’s gender diversity §21 (d), per-
centage of independent board members 
§2 1 (e)
SFDR Bench -
mark regulation
GOV-2 Information provided to and sus -
tainability matters addressed by the 
undertaking’s administrative, man -
agement and supervisory bodies
General Information: Information shar -
ing and performance monitoring
–
GOV-3 Integration of sustainability-related 
performance in incentive schemes
General Information: Information shar -
ing and performance monitoring
GOV-4 Statement on due diligence General Information: Sustainability due 
diligence
Notes and tables: Table 2
Statement on due diligence §30 SFDR
GOV-5 Risk management and internal 
controls over sustainability 
reporting
General Information: Risk management 
and internal controls
–
SBM-1 Strategy, business model and value 
chain
General Information: Pioneering 
 Positive Impacts, Living up to 
commitments
Involvement in activities related to fossil 
fuel activities, chemical production, 
controversial weapons, tobacco §40 
(d) i-iv
SFDR
Pillar 3
Benchmark 
Regulation
Not material
SBM-2 Interests and views of stakeholders General Information: Interests and 
views of stakeholders
–
SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and oppor -
tunities and their interaction with 
strategy and business model
General Information: Pioneering 
 Positive Impacts, Living up to commit -
ments, Double materiality assessment
Impacts, risks and opportunities (in 
each topical standard subchapter)
–
IRO-1 Description of the processes to 
identify and assess material 
impacts, risks and opportunities
General Information: Double materiality 
assessment
–
IRO-2 Disclosure requirements in ESRS 
covered by the undertaking’s sus -
tainability statement
General Information: ESRS   
disclosure requirements
Notes and tables: Table 1 (this table)
–
E1 Climate Change
ESRS 2 
GOV-3
Integration of sustainability-related 
performance in incentive schemes
General Information: Information 
 sharing and performance monitoring
–
ESRS 2 
SBM-3
Material impacts, risks and oppor -
tunities and their interaction with 
strategy and business model
General Information: Pioneering 
 Positive Impacts, Living up to commit -
ments, Double materiality assessment
Environment: E1 Climate Change – 
Impacts, risks and opportunities
–
ESRS 2 
IRO-1
Description of the processes to 
identify and assess material 
impacts, risks and opportunities
General Information: Double  materiality 
assessment
Environment: E1 Climate Change  
– Impacts, risks and opportunities
–
E1-1 Transition plan for climate change 
mitigation
Environment: E1 Climate Change  
– Climate transition action plan
Transition plan to reach climate 
 neutrality by 2050 §14
Undertakings excluded from Paris  -
aligned Benchmarks §16 (g)
EU Climate Law
Pillar 3
Benchmark 
Regulation
Sustainability Statement – Notes and Tables
63
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 64]
E1-2 Policies related to climate change 
mitigation and adaptation
Environment: 
E1 Climate Change – Policies
–
E1-3 Actions and resources in relation to 
climate change policies
Environment: 
E1 Climate Change – Actions
–
E1-4 Targets related to climate change 
mitigation and adaptation
Environment: 
E1 Climate Change – Targets
GHG emission reduction targets §34 SFDR
Pillar 3
Benchmark 
Regulation
E1-5 Energy consumption and mix Environment: E1 Climate Change – 
 Metrics – Energy consumption and mix
Energy consumption and mix §37; 
Energy consumption from fossil sources 
§38; Energy intensity §40-43
SFDR
E1-6 Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG 
emissions
Environment: E1 Climate Change – 
Metrics – Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and  
Total GHG emissions
Gross Scope 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG 
emissions §44; Gross GHG emissions 
intensity §53-55
SFDR
Pillar 3
Benchmark 
Regulation
E1-7 GHG removals and GHG mitigation 
projects financed through carbon 
credits
– GHG removals and carbon credits §56 EU Climate Law Not material
E1-9 Anticipated financial effects from 
material physical and transition 
risks and potential climate-related 
opportunities
– Exposure of the benchmark portfolio to 
climate-related physical risks §66; 
Disaggregation of monetary amounts by 
acute and chronic physical risk §66 (a); 
Location of significant assets at material 
physical risk §66 (c); Breakdown of the 
carrying value of its real estate assets by 
energy-efficiency classes §67 (c); 
Degree of exposure of the portfolio to 
climate-related opportunities §69
Pillar 3
Benchmark 
Regulation
Not material*
E2 Pollution
ESRS 2 
IRO-1
Description of the processes to 
identify and assess material 
impacts, risks and opportunities
General Information: Double materiality 
assessment
–
E2-4 Pollution of air, water and soil – Amount of each pollutant listed in Annex 
II of the E-PRTR Regulation emitted to 
air, water and soil, §28
SFDR Not material
E3 Water and Marine Resources
ESRS 2 
IRO-1
Description of the processes to 
identify and assess material 
impacts, risks and opportunities
General Information: Double materiality 
assessment
–
E3-1 Policies related to water and marine 
resources
Environment: E3 Water and Marine 
Resources – Policies
Dedicated policy for water resources, 
sustainable oceans §9, §13, §14
SFDR
E3-2 Actions and resources related to 
water and marine resources
Environment: E3 Water and Marine 
Resources – Actions
–
E3-3 Targets related to water and marine 
resources
Environment: E3 Water and Marine 
Resources – Targets
–
E3-4 Water consumption Environment: E3 Water and Marine 
Resources – Metrics
Total water recycled and reused §28 
(c); Total water consumption in m3 per 
net revenue on own operations §29
SFDR
E4 Biodiversity and Ecosystems
ESRS 2 
IRO-1
Description of the processes to 
identify and assess material 
impacts, risks and opportunities
General Information: Double materiality 
assessment
Description of the processes to identify 
and assess material impacts, risks and 
oppor tunities §16 (a)-(c)
SFDR
E4-2 Policies related to biodiversity and 
ecosystems
– Policies/practices relating to sustain -
able land, sustainable oceans, defor -
estation §24 (b)-(d)
SFDR Not material
E5 Resource Use and Circular Economy
ESRS 2 
IRO-1
Description of the processes to 
identify and assess material 
impacts, risks and opportunities
General Information: Double materiality 
assessment
–
E5-1 Policies related to resource use and 
circular economy
Environment: E5 Resource Use and 
Circular Economy – Policies
–
E5-2 Actions and resources related to 
resource use and circular economy
Environment: E5 Resource Use and 
Circular Economy – Actions
–
E5-3 Targets related to resource use and 
circular economy
Environment: E5 Resource Use and 
Circular Economy – Targets
–
E5-4 Resource inflows Environment: E5 Resource Use and 
Circular Economy – Metrics – Resource 
inflows
–
E5-5 Resource outflows Environment: E5 Resource Use and 
Circular Economy – Metrics – Resource 
outflows
Non-recycled waste §37 (d);  Hazardous 
waste and radioactive waste §39
SFDR
Sustainability Statement – Notes and Tables
64
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 65]
S1 Own Workforce
ESRS 2 
SBM-2
Interests and views of stakeholders General Information: Interests and 
views of stakeholders
–
ESRS 2 
SBM-3
Material impacts, risks and oppor -
tunities and their interaction with 
strategy and business model
General Information: Living up to 
 commitments, Double materiality 
assessment
Social: S1 Own Workforce – Impacts, 
risks and opportunities
Risk of incidents of forced labour §14 (f); 
Risk of incidents of child labour §14 (g)
SFDR
S1-1 Policies related to own workforce Social: S1 Own Workforce – Policies Human rights policy commitments §20; 
Due diligence policies on issues 
addressed by the fundamental ILO Con-
ventions 1 to 8, §21; Processes and mea-
sures for preventing trafficking in human 
beings §22; Workplace accident preven-
tion policy or management system §23
SFDR
Benchmark 
Regulation
S1-2 Processes for engaging with own 
workers and workers’ representa -
tives about impacts
Social: S1 Own Workforce – Processes 
for engaging with workforce 
–
S1-3 Processes to remediate negative 
impacts and channels for own 
workers to raise concerns
Social: S1 Own Workforce – Processes 
for engaging with workforce
Grievance/ complaints handling mecha -
nisms § 32 (c)
SFDR
S1-4 Taking action on material impacts 
on own workforce, and approaches 
to mitigating material risks and 
pursuing material opportunities 
related to own workforce, and 
effectiveness of those actions
Social: S1 Own Workforce – Actions –
S1-5 Targets related to managing mate -
rial negative impacts, advancing 
positive impacts, and managing 
material risks and opportunities
Social: S1 Own Workforce – Targets –
S1-6 Characteristics of the undertaking’s 
employees
Social: S1 Own Workforce – Metrics 
– Alfa Laval employees
–
S1-9 Diversity metrics Social: S1 Own Workforce – Metrics  
– Inclusion and diversity
–
S1-13 Training and skills development 
metrics
Social: S1 Own Workforce – Metrics  
– Training and skills development
–
S1-14 Health and safety metrics Social: S1 Own Workforce – Metrics  
– Health and safety
Number of fatalities and number and 
rate of work-related accidents §88 
(b)-(c); Number of days lost to injuries, 
accidents, fatalities or illness §88 (e)
SFDR
Benchmark 
Regulation
S1-16 Remuneration metrics  
(pay gap and total compensation)
Social: S1 Own Workforce – Metrics  
– Remuneration
Unadjusted gender pay gap §97 (a); 
Excessive CEO pay ratio §97 (b)
SFDR
Benchmark 
Regulation
S1-17 Incidents, complaints and severe 
human rights impacts
– Incidents of discrimination §103 (a); 
Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and 
Human Rights and OECD §104 (a)
SFDR
Benchmark 
Regulation
Not material
S2 Workers in the Value Chain
ESRS 2 
MDR-P
Policies adopted to manage 
 material sustainability matters
Social: S2 Workers in the Value Chain 
– Policies
–
ESRS 2 
MDR-A
Actions and resources in relation to 
material sustainability matters
Social: S2 Workers in the Value Chain 
– Actions
–
ESRS 2 
MDR-T
Tracking effectiveness of policies 
and actions through targets
Social: S2 Workers in the Value Chain 
– Targets
–
ESRS 2 
MDR-M
Metrics in relation to material sus -
tainability matters
Social: S2 Workers in the Value Chain 
– Metrics
–
ESRS 2 
SBM-3
Material impacts, risks and oppor -
tunities and their interaction with 
strategy and business model
– Significant risk of child labour or forced 
labour in the value chain §11 (b)
SFDR Not material*
S2-1 Policies related to value chain 
workers
– Human rights policy commitments, 
policies related to value chain workers 
§17-18; Non-respect of UNGPs on Busi -
ness and Human Rights principles and 
OECD guidelines §19; Due diligence 
policies on issues addressed by the 
fundamental ILO Conventions 1 to 8, §19
SFDR
Benchmark 
Regulation
Not material*
S2-4 Taking action on material impacts 
on value chain workers, and 
approaches to managing material 
risks and pursuing material opportu -
nities related to value chain workers, 
and effectiveness of those actions
– Human rights issues and incidents 
connected to its upstream and 
 downstream value chain §36
SFDR Not material*
Sustainability Statement – Notes and Tables
65
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 66]
Table 2. References to core elements of due diligence 
Core elements of due diligence Disclosures in the Sustainability Statement
Embedding due diligence in governance, strategy and business model SBM-3, GOV-2, GOV-3
Engaging with affected stakeholders in all key steps of the due diligence SBM-2, IRO-1, E1-2, E3-1, E5-1, S1-1, S1-2, G1-1, S2/MDR-P
Identifying and assessing adverse impacts SBM-3, IRO-1
Taking action to address those adverse impacts E1-1, E1-3, E3-2, E5-2, S1-4, G1-1, G1-2, G1-3, S2/MDR-A
Tracking effectiveness of these efforts and communicating E1-4, E1-5, E1-6, E3-3, E3-4, E5-3, E5-4, E5-5, S1-5, S1-6, S1-9, S1-13, S1-14, 
S1-16, G1-4, S2/MDR-T, S2/MDR-M
S3 Affected Communities
S3-1 Policies related to affected 
communities
– Human rights policy commitments §16; 
Non-respect of UNGPs on  Business and 
Human Rights, ILO principles and OECD 
guidelines §17
SFDR
Benchmark 
Regulation
Not material
S3-4 Taking action on material impacts 
on affected communities, and 
approaches to managing material 
risks and pursuing material oppor -
tunities related to affected commu -
nities, and effectiveness of those 
actions
– Human rights issues and incidents §36 SFDR Not material
S4 Consumers and End-users
S4-1 Policies related to consumers and 
end-users
– Policies related to consumers and 
end-users §16; Non-respect of UNGPs 
on Business and Human Rights, ILO 
principles and OECD guidelines §17
SFDR
Benchmark 
Regulation
Not material
S4-4 Taking action on material impacts 
on consumers and end-users, and 
approaches to managing material 
risks and pursuing material oppor -
tunities related to consumers and 
end-users, and effectiveness of 
those actions
– Human rights issues and incidents §35 SFDR Not material
G1 Business Conduct
ESRS 2 
GOV-1
The role of the administrative, man -
agement and supervisory bodies
General Information: Role and 
 responsibilities of governance bodies
–
ESRS 2 
IRO-1
Description of the processes to 
identify and assess material 
impacts, risks and opportunities
General Information: Double materiality 
assessment
–
G1-1 Business conduct policies and 
corporate culture
Governance: G1 Business Conduct 
– Policies; Procedures for identifying, 
reporting and investigating concerns
United Nations Convention against 
Corruption §10 (b); Protection of 
 whistle-blowers §10 (d)
SFDR
G1-2 Management of relationships with 
suppliers
Governance: G1 Business Conduct 
– Management of relationships with 
suppliers
–
G1-3 Prevention and detection of 
 corruption and bribery
Governance: G1 Business Conduct  
– Prevention and detection of corrup -
tion and bribery
–
G1-4 Confirmed incidents of corruption  
or bribery
Governance: G1 Business Conduct  
– Metrics
Fines for violation of anti-corruption and 
anti-bribery laws §24 (a);  Standards of 
anti-corruption and anti-bribery §24 (b)
SFDR
Benchmark 
Regulation
SFDR – Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector 
(Sustainable Finance Disclosures Regulation)
Pillar 3 – Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation “CRR”)
Benchmark Regulation – Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17 /EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014
EU Climate Law – Regulation (EU) 2021/1119 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 June 2021 establishing the framework for achieving climate neutrality and amending 
Regulations (EC) No 401/2009 and (EU) 2018/1999 (“European Climate Law”)
* Disclosures not included in current Sustainability Statement due to exercising phase-in option (ESRS 1, Appendix C).
Sustainability Statement – Notes and Tables
66
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 67]
Reporting in accordance  
with EU Taxonomy Regulation
Introduction 
The EU Taxonomy is the EU’s classification system for environmentally 
sustainable economic activities and is a key component of the EU Green 
Deal. Alfa Laval reports taxonomy eligible and taxonomy aligned turnover, 
CapEx and OpEx in accordance with the Delegated Acts in force. As the 
regulatory framework continues to evolve, the information presented 
reflects our current interpretation and may be refined in future years. 
Taxonomy assessment
Methodology 
In 2025 Alfa Laval performed a reassessment of our Taxonomy map -
ping. The work was carried out through a structured, cross-functional 
process involving Group Sustainability, Group Finance, and Business 
Divisions, resulting in an updated classification of eligible, aligned, and 
non-eligible activities. 
 
Eligibility was determined by comparing Alfa Laval’s global product 
portfolio with the economic activities listed in the Delegated Acts. 
Updated regulatory guidance and improved understanding of product 
applications enabled refinement of activity mapping, by confirming the 
relevance of previously reviewed activities, while removing or replacing 
others with those better aligned to Alfa Laval’s products and applications.
Alignment was assessed for each eligible activity by evaluating compli -
ance with the EU Taxonomy’s technical screening criteria, including the 
relevant substantial contribution criteria, Do No Significant Harm 
(DNSH) requirements, and minimum safeguards. 
Outcome
Following the assessments Alfa Laval will report below economic 
activities:
Eligible activities:
• Manufacture of energy-efficiency equipment for buildings (CCM 
3.5). Alfa Laval produces heat pumps, HVAC systems, and district 
heating/cooling equipment, products which improve building energy 
efficiency, lower energy use, and support climate -mitigation goals. 
• Manufacture of other low-carbon technologies (CCM 3.6). Alfa Laval 
supplies technologies for low -carbon industrial processes, energy 
storage, renewable fuels, hydrogen, and carbon capture. Its core 
equipment enables major GHG reductions. 
• Water collection, treatment and supply (CCM 5.1). Alfa Laval manu -
factures technologies and systems for water and wastewater treat -
ment, sludge management, and evaporation processes. They are 
integral to the construction and operation of water collection, treat -
ment, and supply infrastructure.
Aligned activities:
• Manufacture of renewable energy technologies (CCM 3.1).The 
 company’s heat exchangers and thermal systems are essential 
 components enabling renewable heat technologies (solar thermal, 
geothermal, biogas, hydrogen). Their use improves energy efficiency, 
reduces demand, and supports system decarbonization.
• Data-driven solutions for GHG reduction (CCM 8.2). Alfa Laval’s 
digital tools provide measurable GHG reductions through fuel -effi-
ciency optimization, voyage planning, and performance monitoring.
• Repair, refurbishment and remanufacturing (CEY 5.1). The company’s 
aftersales services extend product life, reduce material use, and sup -
port waste prevention, which is in line with the principles of circular 
economy.
Do No Significant Harm (DNSH) 
Alfa Laval has assessed DNSH requirements for the environmental 
objectives in line with the EU Taxonomy Delegated Acts. Climate- 
related physical and transition risks were evaluated for all operational 
sites using recognized IPCC and IEA scenarios. For further information 
please see subchapter E1 Climate change. 
Water-related risks were assessed in accordance with the Water 
Framework Directive. The assessment of environmental risks related 
to water quality and water stress have shown that our activities do not 
hinder achieving good water status or ecological potential, nor do they 
deteriorate marine waters in good environmental status. Limited dis -
charges to water and water treatment on many manufacturing sites 
was seen, typically also regulated via permits, and exceeding thresh -
olds is rare. The climate risk and vulnerability assessment has resulted 
in an adaptation plan where identified risks are addressed. For further 
information please see subchapter E3 Water and marine resources.
Pollution-related risks are managed through the Environmental Policy, 
associated governing documents, as well as our Group Framework on 
Chemical Control, and an important tool is the company’s Restricted 
Substance List. While certain hazardous substances remain necessary 
for technical performance, their use is limited, controlled, and consis -
tent with DNSH criteria. Potential biodiversity impacts are assessed in 
line with EU directives. The DMA concluded that pollution and biodiver -
sity were seen as non-material, for more information see subchapter 
Double Materiality Assessment.
Measures that support circularity, such as designing for durability, 
enabling reuse and refurbishment, and enhancing recyclability, are 
integrated into Alfa Laval’s operations. These principles are supported 
by the Group’s circular design guidelines and reinforced through the 
Environmental Policy, as well as dedicated Group Framework on Circularity.
For further information please see subchapter E5 Resource use and 
circular economy.
Minimum safeguards 
Minimum Safeguards are assessed at Group level. Alfa Laval adheres 
to the UN Guiding Principles, OECD Guidelines, ILO Core Conventions, 
and the International Bill of Human Rights. Policies on human rights, 
anti-corruption, and responsible business conduct are supported by 
due diligence processes and supplier requirements. For further infor -
mation please see subchapters in the Social and Governance chapters.
Taxonomy key performance indicators 
Methodology 
In calculating the proportion of eligible and aligned turnover, the com -
pany’s ALSIS (Alfa Laval Sales Information Structure) has been used, 
which is a standardized coding system for classifying sales transactions. 
For each eligible and aligned activity, relevant product codes were iden-
tified and mapped to the corresponding taxonomy activity. These codes 
were then applied by business controllers to extract revenue data from 
internal financial systems, ensuring traceability and consistency in the 
classification of turnover (for Group turnover see Note 2 in Financial 
Statement).
Sustainability Statement – Notes and Tables
67
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 68]
Proportion of turnover, CapEx, OpEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-eligible 
or Taxonomy-aligned economic activities – disclosure covering year 2025
Financial 
year 2025
Breakdown by environmental objectives of Taxonomy aligned 
activities
KPI Total
Proportion 
of Taxonomy 
eligible 
activities
Taxonomy aligned 
activities
Proportion 
of Taxonomy 
aligned 
activities 
Climate Change 
Mitigation 
Climate Change 
Adaptation 
Water 
Circular  
Economy 
Pollution 
Biodiversity 
Proportion 
of enabling 
activities 
Proportion 
of transi -
tional 
activities
Not assessed 
activities 
considered 
non-material 
Taxonomy 
aligned activi -
ties in previous 
financial year  
(2024)
Proportion of 
Taxonomy  
aligned activities 
in previous 
financial year  
(2024)
mSEK % mSEK % % % % % % % % % % mSEK %
Turnover 69 674 46.4% 13,894 19.9% 4.1 % 15.8% 28.5 % 0.0 % – –
CapEx 4 189 46.4% 835 19.9 % 4.1 % 15.8% 28.5 % 0.0 % – –
OpEx 2 021 46.4% 403 19.9% 4.1 % 15.8% 28.5 % 0.0 % – –
In 2025, Alfa Laval reassessed its turnover-based economic activities 
under the EU Taxonomy. The resulting share of taxonomy relevant 
 turnover was used as an allocation key to estimate the corresponding 
portions of OpEx and CapEx. The key reflects each activity’s relative 
revenue contribution and proportionally distributes the associated 
financial metrics. This simplified approach aligns financial indicators 
with operational drivers and meets the simplified reporting expecta -
tions applicable for the 2025 reporting cycle. This approach provided 
a consistent methodology for 2025 while Alfa Laval will continue to 
develop more granular, activity -level assessments for future reporting 
cycles. 
Operational expenses  cover direct costs for training, adaptation, R&D, 
building upgrades, shortterm leases, maintenance, repairs, and other 
daily upkeep of Alfa Laval’s tangible fixed assets. Most of these costs 
relate to R&D, which remains a priority for advancing the company’s 
sustainability agenda and is also where costs have increased com -
pared with last year. 
Capital expenses (investments)  include all purchased and leased 
capital assets (see Note 2 in Financial Statement). Taxonomy eligible 
investments and operational spending relate to assets, processes, or 
outputs connected to taxonomy eligible activities, as well as measures 
that lower carbon emissions or reduce greenhouse gases, provided 
they become operational within 18 months. Current investments mainly 
focus on expanding capacity for products that help customers reduce 
energy use and emissions, while also lowering Alfa Laval’s own energy 
consumption and carbon footprint. 
Alfa Laval will continue strengthening processes, data systems and 
documentation to support CSRD compliance and enhance transpar -
ency regarding the company’s contribution to the green transition.
Reported KPI Turnover
Financial year 2025
Environmental objective of Taxonomy aligned activities
Economic Activities Code
Taxonomy eligible 
KPI (Proportion of 
Taxonomy eligible 
Turnover)
Taxonomy 
aligned KPI 
(Monetary value 
of Turnover)
Taxonomy 
aligned KPI 
(Proportion of 
Taxonomy 
aligned 
Turnover)
Climate Change 
Mitigation 
Climate Change 
Adaptation 
Water 
Circular  
 Economy 
Pollution 
Biodiversity 
Enabling 
activity
Transitional 
activity
Proportion of 
Taxonomy 
aligned in 
Taxonomy 
eligible
% mSEK % % % % % % % (E where applicable) (T where applicable) %
Manufacturing of renewable 
energy technologies CCM 3.1 3.5%  2,473 3.5 % 3.5 % E 100%
Manufacturing of energy 
efficiency equipment for 
buildings CCM 3.5 6.6% E 0%
Manufacturing of other low 
carbon technologies CCM 3.6 17. 8% E 0%
Construction, extension, 
operation of water collection, 
treatment and supply systems CCM 5.1 2.0% 0%
Data-driven solutions for GHG 
emissions reductions CCM 8.2 0.6% 396 0.6% 0.6% E 100%
Repair, refurbishment and 
re-manufacturing CEY 5.1 15.8% 11,025 15.8% 15.8% 100%
Sum of alignment per 
objective 4.1 % 15.8 %
Total KPI (Turnover) 46.4%  13,894 19.9% 4.1 % 15.8% 28.5% 43.0%
Sustainability Statement – Notes and Tables
68
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 69]
Reported KPI CapEx
Financial year 2025
Environmental objective of Taxonomy aligned activities
Economic Activities Code 
Taxonomy eligible 
KPI (Proportion of 
Taxonomy eligible 
CapEx) 
Taxonomy 
aligned KPI 
(Monetary value 
of CapEx) 
Taxonomy 
aligned KPI 
(Proportion of 
Taxonomy 
aligned 
CapEx)
Climate Change 
Mitigation 
Climate Change 
Adaptation 
Water 
Circular  
Economy 
Pollution 
Biodiversity 
Enabling 
activity 
Transitional 
activity
Proportion of 
Taxonomy  
aligned in 
Taxonomy  
eligible
% mSEK % % % % % % % (E where applicable) (T where applicable) %
Manufacturing of renewable 
energy technologies CCM 3.1 3.5%   149 3.5% 3.5% E 100%
Manufacturing of energy 
efficiency equipment for 
buildings CCM 3.5 6.6% E 0%
Manufacturing of other low 
carbon technologies CCM 3.6 17. 8% E 0%
Construction, extension, 
operation of water collection, 
treatment and supply systems CCM 5.1 2.0% 0%
Data-driven solutions for GHG 
emissions reductions CCM 8.2 0.6% 24  0.6% 0.6% E 100%
Repair, refurbishment and 
re-manufacturing CEY 5.1 15.8% 663 15.8% 15.8% 100%
Sum of alignment per 
objective 4.1 % 15.8 %
Total KPI (CapEx) 46.4% 835 19.9% 4.1 % 15.8% 28.5% 43.0%
Reported KPI OpEx
Financial year 2025
Environmental objective of Taxonomy aligned activities
Economic Activities Code
Taxonomy eligible 
KPI (Proportion of 
Taxonomy eligible 
OpEx)
Taxonomy 
aligned KPI 
(Monetary value 
of OpEx)
Taxonomy 
aligned KPI 
(Proportion of 
Taxonomy 
aligned 
OpEx )
Climate Change 
Mitigation 
Climate Change 
Adaptation 
Water 
Circular  
 Economy 
Pollution 
Biodiversity 
Enabling 
activity
Transitional 
activity 
Proportion of 
Taxonomy  
aligned in 
Taxonomy  
eligible
% mSEK % % % % % % % (E where applicable) (T where applicable) %
Manufacturing of renewable 
energy technologies CCM 3.1 3.5% 72  3.5% 3.5 % E 100%
Manufacturing of energy 
efficiency equipment for 
buildings CCM 3.5 6.6% E 0%
Manufacturing of other low 
carbon technologies CCM 3.6 17. 8% E 0%
Construction, extension, 
operation of water collection, 
treatment and supply systems CCM 5.1 2.0% 0%
Data-driven solutions for GHG 
emissions reductions CCM 8.2 0.6% 11 0.6% 0.6 % E 100%
Repair, refurbishment and 
re-manufacturing CEY 5.1 15.8% 320 15.8% 15.8% 100%
Sum of alignment per 
objective 4.1 % 15.8 %
Total KPI (OpEx) 46.4% 403 19.9% 4.1 % 15.8 % 28.5% 43.0%
Sustainability Statement – Notes and Tables
69
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 70]
Corporate Governance Report 2025
Corporate Governance Corporate Governance at Alfa Laval 
Corporate Governance structure 
Share and ownership structure 
General Meetings 
Nominating Committee 
Board of Directors 
Committees within the Board 
The company’s auditors
71
 72
73
74
76
78
80
81
Guidelines for remuneration to senior executives  82
Board of Directors and Auditors  84
President and Group management  86
Board of Directors’ report on internal control  88
70
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 71]
Corporate Governance Report 2025
Responsible,  
sustainable  
and effective
Corporate Governance at Alfa Laval  
Corporate governance defines the decision-making processes 
at Alfa Laval and the structures that regulate how the company 
is governed. Sound corporate governance is fundamental to 
ensuring that Alfa Laval, from a shareholder perspective, is gov -
erned responsibly, sustainably and effectively. Alfa Laval is a 
Swedish public limited liability company with its shares listed on 
Nasdaq Stockholm. As such, the framework for Alfa Laval’s cor-
porate governance is dictated by external rules outlined in, inter 
alia, the Swedish Companies Act, the Swedish Annual Accounts 
Act, the Nordic Main Market Rulebook for Issuers of shares 
(“Main Market Rulebook”) and the Swedish Corporate Gover-
nance Code (“the Code”). These external rules are supple -
mented by internal principles and regulations, for instance 
procedures for control and risk management and governing doc-
uments. At Alfa Laval, such internal governing documents com-
prise the Articles of Association, the Board and CEO instructions, 
Alfa Laval’s Business Principles and other governing policies.
This Corporate Governance Report has been prepared in 
accordance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act and the 
Code, and outlines Alfa Laval’s corporate governance for 2025. 
The report has been reviewed by the company’s auditors.
Acting in society and reaching business goals
In today’s society, the impact of human activity on our planet is 
a matter of constant focus. As legislation grows increasingly 
stringent, a sustainability paradigm is becoming more deeply 
embedded in society. This shift is prompting Alfa Laval, along 
with many other companies, to voluntarily undertake initiatives 
aimed at driving improvements. At Alfa Laval, such initiatives 
are, inter alia, reflected in the Sustainability Strategy and in the 
Group’s Business Principles. 
Alfa Laval’s Business Principles guide the Group’s work and 
describe how Alfa Laval, its employees and business partners 
acting on behalf of Alfa Laval, must act in the workplace, in the 
industry and in the society whilst achieving the business goals, 
in other words, ethically and sustainably. All employees at Alfa 
Laval are expected to adhere to the Business Principles and 
Alfa Laval encourages all employees to report any matters that 
conflict with these principles. A distinct Code of Conduct is also 
included in Alfa Laval’s Business Principles.
During 2025, the Business Principles have been updated to, 
inter alia, incorporate the concepts of the 2024 EU AI Act. Alfa 
Laval regularly reviews and updates its governing documents to 
ensure that they are relevant and consistent with applicable 
laws and developments in, for example, the Business Principles. 
In recent years, the following internal documents have, among 
others, been reviewed and revised: the Insider Policy, the Envi -
ronmental Policy, the Treasury Policy, the Credit Policy, the 
Group People Policy, the Health and Safety Policy, the Human 
Right Policy, the Group Information Security Policy, the Internal 
Control Framework Policy and the Whistleblower Protection 
and Anti-Retaliation Policy.
Alfa Laval as a company
Alfa Laval AB
The company’s business name is Alfa Laval AB (publ). The company is listed on 
Nasdaq Stockholm, and the Board of Director’s registered office is Lund, Sweden. 
The object of the company’s operations is to, directly or through subsidiaries and 
joint venture companies in and outside Sweden, develop, manufacture and sell 
equipment and installations, primarily in the areas of separation, heat transfer and 
fluid handling, and to administer fixed and movable property, and other related 
operations. Alfa Laval’s fiscal year runs from January 1 to December 31.
The company’s share capital shall amount to no less than SEK 745,000,000 and 
no more than SEK 2,980,000,000. The number of shares shall be no less than 
298,000,000 and no more than 1,192,000,000. The Articles of Association do 
not include any limitations regarding the number of votes a shareholder can cast 
at a general meeting. Nor do they contain any specific rules regarding the 
appointment and dismissal of Board members or changes to the Articles of 
Association. The Articles of Association include a right for the Board of Directors to 
collect proxies in accordance with Chapter 7 , Section 4 of the Swedish Companies 
Act and to decide that shareholders may vote in advance of a general meeting.
Alfa Laval’s currently prevailing Articles of Association were adopted at the Annual 
General Meeting, held on 27 April 2021. The Articles of Association are available 
on www.alfalaval.com/investors/ corporate-governance/
Corporate Governance
71
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 72]
Corporate governance structure
Shareholders
Vote at general meetings.
General meeting
Alfa Laval’s highest decision-making body. 
Elects the Board of Directors and auditors as 
well as establishes the Articles of Association.
Nomination Committee
Submits proposals to the Annual 
General Meeting regarding the 
appointment of Chairman, Board 
members and auditors as well as 
compensation to non-executive Board 
members.
Auditors
The supervisory body for reviewing 
accounting and financial statements. 
The auditors prepare the Audit Report 
and submit statements regarding the 
Corporate Governance Report and 
whether the Annual General Meeting 
should decide on discharge of liability 
for the Board members as well as 
approve the income statement and 
balance sheet. 
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee is established by 
the Board of Directors to assist the 
Board in discharging its duties primarily 
with respect to review and control of the 
internal control system, reporting 
process, internal audit functions and 
external audit process as well as the 
relations with the external auditors.
Reports
Goals
Strategies
Policy documents
Business Principles
Internal audit
Reviews and implements improve -
ments to the internal control, conducts 
internal audits – which are reported to 
the Audit Committee – and proposes 
plans for the coming 12 months. 
President and CEO
Directs the daily operations and is responsible 
for ensuring that the Board has access to the 
necessary information and supporting docu -
mentation for its decision-making purposes. 
Responsible for preparing and monitoring 
compliance with the goals, policies and strate -
gic plans of the company and the Group, such 
as the Business Principles.
Group management
The President has the support of Group man -
agement, to which responsibilities and author -
ity are delegated. The members of Group 
management include three divisional manag -
ers and the heads of global sales and service, 
HR, Finance and Group Affairs.
Divisions
Alfa Laval has three industry-based sales 
divisions: Food & Water, Energy and Marine.
Staff functions
Responsible for finance, HR, 
legal, sustainability, communica -
tion, business development and 
IT issues.
Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee is 
established by the Board of 
Directors to assist the Board in 
discharging certain of its duties 
with respect to remuneration. 
Board of Directors
The Board manages the company on behalf of 
the company’s shareholders and thus bears the 
ultimate responsibility for the organization and 
administration of the company. Appoints the 
President/CEO.
1
 2 6
 5  5
4
 3
Corporate Governance
72
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 73]
Share and ownership structure
Ownership categories at December 31, 2025
No. of shares Holding, %
Financial companies  96,122,517 23.26%
Other financial companies  780,171 0.19%
Social insurance funds  11,434,185 2.77%
Government  1,369,468 0.33%
Municipal sector  7 7, 3 0 0 0.02%
Trade organizations  4,561,888 1.10%
Other Swedish legal entities  8,905,152 2.15%
Uncategorized legal entities  96,173 0.02%
Shareholders domiciled abroad (legal entities and individuals)  267, 2 1 5 , 6 8 5 64.65%
Swedish individuals  22,763,776 5.51%
Total  413,326,315 100.00%
Source: Euroclear
Ten largest shareholders at December 31, 2025*
No. of shares Capital/voting rights,% Change in holding in 2025, percentage points
Winder Holding AG  122,037 ,736 29.53 0.00
State Street Bank and Trust Company  29,388,801 7.11 -0.25
BNY Mellon  18,286,266 4.42 -2.00
Northern Trust Company  14,144,558 3.42 -0.38
AMF Tjänstepension  13,845,587 3.35 1.78
JP Morgan Chase  12,826,568 3.10 -0.31
Swedbank Robur Fonder  11,937,721 2.89 1.92
Alecta Tjänstepension  10,394,389 2.51 -2.44
SEB Investment Management  9,778,511 2.37 2.37
Carnegie Fonder  7 ,292,900 1.76 0.86
Total ten largest shareholders  249,933,037 60.47 -0.25
* The table is adjusted for nominee-registered shares.
Dividend** Percentage of adjusted EPS
*Adjusted for step up amortization net of taxes. 
**Board motion to the Annual General Meeting.
Source: Alfa Laval
According to the Euroclear Sweden AB share register, Alfa 
Laval had 413,326,315 shares as at 31 December 2025, dis -
tributed among 64,660 shareholders. Alfa Laval has only one 
class of shares, and each share represents one vote. The single 
biggest shareholder – and the only owner with a holding in 
excess of 10 percent – was Winder Holding AG, which owned 
29.53 percent of Alfa Laval shares at the end of the year. The 
second biggest owner was State Street Bank and Trust Com -
pany with 7.11 percent, followed by BNY Mellon with a 4.42 per-
cent holding. Swedish private ownership amounted to 5.51 
percent, while other ownership made up 94.49 percent of total 
ownership of Alfa Laval shares. See the share section on pages 
148–149 for more information on Alfa Laval’s share, its perfor -
mance and ownership structure. 
1
SEK 
Number
%
60
45
30
15
0
46.2 46.9 43.7
0.0
2.5
5.0
7. 5
10.0
20252024202320222021
Dividend and percentage of adjusted EPS*
6.0
6.0
7.5
8.5
9.0
T otal number of shareholders
0
25,000
50,000
75,000
20252024202320222021
44,136
54,346
54,098
56,542
64,660
44.5 42.7
SEK 
Number
%
60
45
30
15
0
46.2 46.9 43.7
0.0
2.5
5.0
7. 5
10.0
20252024202320222021
Dividend and percentage of adjusted EPS*
6.0
6.0
7.5
8.5
9.0
T otal number of shareholders
0
25,000
50,000
75,000
20252024202320222021
44,136
54,346
54,098
56,542
64,660
44.5 42.7
Source: Euroclear
Corporate Governance
73
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 74]
At the general meeting, shareholders exercise their voting rights. 
The general meeting is Alfa Laval’s highest decision-making 
body. Shareholders, that are listed in the Shareholder register 
and who have notified the company of their participation, have 
the right to participate in the general meeting and vote accord-
ing to their shares. Shareholders are further entitled to be repre-
sented by a proxy. Regardless of the size of their holding, each 
shareholder has the right to have an item brought up at a general 
meeting.
At the general meeting, the Board of Directors and auditors are 
elected, and the Chairman of the Board is appointed. Other 
matters that are decided by the general meeting are, inter alia, 
compensation to the Board of Directors, discharge of the Board 
members and the President from liability, distribution of the 
company’s profit as well as adoption of the income statement 
and the balance sheet. Changes to the Articles of Association 
or the Nomination Committee instructions are also decisions 
that are resolved by the general meeting. Most of the proposals 
addressed at a general meeting are decided by a simple major -
ity. However, qualified majority is required for certain types of 
resolutions, such as changes to the Articles of Association or 
repurchase of shares.
Alfa Laval’s ordinary general meeting (the Annual General 
Meeting) is held annually within six months from the end of the 
fiscal year. Typically, the Annual General Meeting is held in Lund 
towards the end of April. The date and location of the Annual 
General Meeting are announced at the latest in conjunction with 
the publication of the third quarter interim report. 
Notice of the Annual General Meeting is published as an 
announcement in the Swedish Official Gazette and on the 
company’s website not more than six and not less than four 
weeks prior to the Annual General Meeting.
The 2025 Annual General Meeting
The 2025 Annual General Meeting of Alfa Laval AB was held on 
29 April 2025, at Lund City Hall (Stadshallen) in Lund, Sweden. 
Shareholders participated at the Annual General Meeting either 
by advance voting or at the venue in person or through proxy. 
The notice of the Meeting was issued on 25 March 2025.
A total of 286,621,752 votes and shares were registered at the 
Meeting. Chairman of the Board, Dennis Jönsson, was 
appointed as Chairman of the general meeting. The Meeting 
adopted the agenda proposed in the convening notice and 
decided, in accordance with the proposals from the Nomination 
Committee and the Board of Directors, on the resolutions below.
A presentation was held by the President and CEO of Alfa Laval 
during the Meeting. The minutes, the notice and the presenta -
tion from the Meeting as well as all other information related to 
the Annual General Meeting are available on the website,  
www.alfalaval.com/investors/ corporate-governance/ .
Resolutions passed by the 2025 Annual General Meeting
• The Meeting adopted the income statement and balance sheet 
as well as the consolidated income statement and consoli-
dated balance sheet, as presented in the 2024 Annual Report.
General Meetings2
74
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025
Corporate Governance

[page 75]
The 2026 Annual General Meeting
The 2026 Annual General Meeting of Alfa Laval AB (publ) will be 
held at 4:00 p.m. on Wednesday, 22 April 2026, at Lund City Hall 
(Stadshallen) in Lund. The notice of the Annual General Meeting 
will be published between 11 March and 25 March 2026, in the 
Swedish Official Gazette and on the company’s website. Following 
publication, an announcement will be made in Dagens Nyheter 
stating that the notice has been issued. Supporting documentation 
will be published on Alfa Laval’s website well in advance of the 
Annual General Meeting. Copies of the documents will be sent to 
those shareholders who request them and provide information 
about their postal address.
• The Meeting resolved on a dividend of SEK 8.50 per share, 
with 2 May 2025, as record date.
• The Meeting resolved to discharge all individuals, who held 
positions in Alfa Laval AB as Board members, deputy members 
or President during 2024, from liability in respect of their man-
agement of the company’s business for the 2024 fiscal year.
• The Meeting approved the Remuneration Report prepared by 
the Board of Directors.
• The Meeting resolved that the number of Board members 
elected by the Meeting was to be ten, with no deputy mem -
bers. The Meeting also resolved that the number of auditors 
was to be two with two deputy auditors.
• The Meeting resolved on compensation to non-executive 
Board members in an amount of SEK 8,760,000 with an 
additional compensation to the Chairman and other members 
of the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee.
• The Meeting resolved, for the time up to the end of the 2026 
Annual General Meeting, to re-elect Anna Müller, Dennis 
Jönsson, Finn Rausing, Henrik Lange, Jörn Rausing, Lilian 
Fossum Biner, Nadine Crauwels, Ray Mauritsson and Ulf 
Wiinberg as well as to elect Annica Bresky as new member 
of the Board of Directors. The Meeting further resolved to 
reappoint Dennis Jönsson as Chairman of the Board.
• The Meeting resolved, for the time up to the end of the Annual 
General Meeting 2026, to re-elect the Authorized Public 
Accountants Andreas Troberg and Hanna Fehland as the 
company’s auditors. Further the Meeting resolved to re-elect 
the Authorized Public Accountants Henrik Jonzén and 
Andreas Mast to be deputy auditors for the company.
The 2025 Annual General Meeting pertained to the 2024 fiscal year.
2026
75
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025
Corporate Governance

[page 76]
Nominating Committee
Nominating Committee ahead of the 2025 Annual General Meeting
Name Representing Shareholding in Alfa Laval, %*
Jörn Rausing Winder Holding 29.53
Daniel Kristiansson Alecta Pensionsförsäkring 5.34
Lennart Francke Swedbank Robur Funds 3.37
Anders Oscarsson AMF Insurance and Funds 2.46
Javiera Ragnartz SEB Asset Management 1.77
*As of 31 August 2024.
3
Work of the Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee prepares and submits proposals to 
the Annual General Meeting regarding candidates for the posi -
tions as Chairman and other members of the Board, the com -
pany’s auditors and the Chairman of the general meeting. The 
Nomination Committee’s assignment also includes preparation 
of proposals to the Annual General Meeting regarding compen -
sation to non-executive Board members and additional com -
pensation to committee members. Rules for the Nomination 
Committee’s work and composition are provided in the Code 
and in specific instructions adopted by the Annual General 
Meeting 2018. The adopted instructions apply until further 
notice and stipulate, inter alia, that the Nomination Committee 
shall include the Chairman of Alfa Laval AB together with at 
least five members appointed by the largest shareholders of 
Alfa Laval AB as of 31 August.
Every year, the composition of the Nomination Committee is 
announced in a press release, in the third-quarter interim report and 
on Alfa Laval’s website. In conjunction with this, information on how 
shareholders can propose candidates for the Board, is also provided.
Assessing strengths and future needs
Each year, the Nomination Committee receives the result of the 
annual Board evaluation. The evaluation is prepared by the 
Chairman of the Board and is used as a foundation for the 
Committee’s work. The Nomination Committee may also 
 conduct interviews with individual Board members for further 
insight into the Board’s work. The present of Alfa Laval AB’s 
Chairman in the Nomination Committee further enhances the 
Committee’s work by ensuring that the Committee remains 
well-informed on the company’s strategy and future challenges. 
When preparing its proposal to the Annual General Meeting, 
the Nomination Committee particularly must consider the 
Board’s breadth and versatility, as well as the requirement to 
strive for an even gender balance. The Nomination Committee 
may, when deemed appropriate, call upon the assistance of 
external resources in its search for suitable candidates. For 
more information on the annual Board evaluation, please see 
Board Evaluation and Board Education below.
Work of the Nomination Committee ahead of the 2025 
Annual General Meeting
In respect of the Annual General Meeting 2025, the Nomina -
tion Committee consisted of Alfa Laval AB’s Chairman Dennis 
Jönsson, and five members appointed by the five largest share -
holders in Alfa Laval as of 31 August 2024. The members are 
presented below.
The work of the Nomination Committee began with a statutory 
meeting where Jörn Rausing was elected Chairman and Emma 
Adlerton, EVP Group Affairs and Secretary to the Board of Alfa 
Corporate Governance
76
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 77]
Composition and work of the Nomination Committee 
ahead of the 2026 Annual General Meeting
Ahead of the 2026 Annual General Meeting, the Nomination 
Committee includes Finn Rausing (Winder Holding), Daniel Kristiansson 
(Alecta Tjänstepension Ömsesidigt), Lennart Francke (Swedbank 
Robur Funds), Anders Oscarsson (AMF Insurance and Funds), Javiera 
Ragnartz (SEB Asset Management) and Dennis Jönsson (Chairman 
of the Board of Alfa Laval AB). Finn Rausing was elected Chairman and 
Emma Adlerton, EVP Group Affairs and Secretary to the Board of Alfa 
Laval AB, was appointed Secretary. Due to Finn Rausing’s position as 
Board member of Alfa Laval AB, his role as Chairman of the Nomination 
Committee is a deviation from the Code. The Nomination Committee 
considered this in its decision and deemed Finn Rausing to be 
particularly well suited to lead the work of the Committee and obtain 
the best possible results for the company’s owners.
The composition of the Nomination Committee was published in a 
press release on 2 October 2025, and included in Alfa Laval’s 
third-quarter interim report published on 28 October 2025. The total 
holding of the shareholders appointing the Nomination Committee 
represented 39.81 percent of the number of shares in the company 
on 31 August 2025. Information on how to submit proposals to the 
Nomination Committee for Board candidates was published at the 
same time as the composition of the Nomination Committee.
Laval AB, was appointed Secretary. Due to Jörn Rausing’s 
position as Board member of Alfa Laval AB, his role as Chair -
man is a deviation from the Code. The Nomination Committee 
considered this in its decision and deemed Jörn Rausing to be 
particularly well suited to lead the work of the Committee and 
obtain the best possible results for the company’s owners.
Ahead of the Annual General Meeting 2025, the Nomination 
Committee held four formal meetings, which were digital, and 
had contact via e-mail. The following items were addressed at 
the meetings:
• Composition of the Board of Directors and the need for new 
members.
• The requirements in the Code and the ambition communi -
cated by the Swedish Corporate Governance Board regard -
ing gender balance within Boards of listed companies.
• The latest digital Board evaluation conducted by the Chair -
man and the other members of the Board.
• An orientation on Alfa Laval’s operations presented by the 
President and CEO together with his view on the company’s 
strategy and challenges.
• Compensation to the Board members, including additional 
compensation to members of the Audit Committee and the 
Remuneration Committee.
The Nomination Committee, except Jörn Rausing and Dennis 
Jönsson, also carried out interviews with the Board members 
that are not members of the Nomination Committee.
After an overall assessment, the Nomination Committee 
decided to propose to the Annual General Meeting, re-election 
of the current Board members as well as election of Annica 
 Bresky as new member of the Board. The Nomination Commit -
tee’s proposal meant a Board comprising of ten members 
elected by the general meeting up until the end of the Annual 
General Meeting 2026. In the preparation of the proposal, the 
Nomination Committee applied Rule 4.1 of the Code as its 
diversity policy. In recent years, the Nomination Committee has, 
in accordance with the ambitions communicated by the Code 
and the Swedish Corporate Governance Board, strived for an 
even gender balance within the Board. Following the Nomina -
tion Committee’s proposal, the Board of Directors consists of 
four women and six men, which corresponds to a gender bal-
ance of 40 percent women and 60 percent men. Thus, the 
Board composition and the gender balance are consistent with 
the ambitions communicated by the Swedish Corporate Gover -
nance Board. The Nomination Committee noted in its reasoned 
statement that it, going forward, will continue to focus on the 
matter in its work and that the Committee aims to maintain the 
even gender balance in the future. Further information is avail -
able in the Nomination Committee’s reasoned statement pre-
pared ahead of the 2025 Annual General Meeting.
Election of auditors
Ahead of the 2025 Annual General Meeting, the Audit Committee 
provided the Nomination Committee with an update on the Audit 
Committee’s work during the past year. The update included 
information on the Committee’s work with the auditors. Based on 
the Audit Committee’s recommendation, the Nomination Committee 
decided to propose to the Annual General Meeting 2025, re-election 
of Andreas Troberg and Hanna Fehland as the company’s auditors 
for the coming year.
2026
Corporate Governance
77
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 78]
Compensation of Board members and attendance at Board meetings during 2025
Name Present Compensation*
Appointed by the AGM Dennis Jönsson  
 8 2,190,000
Lilian Fossum Biner 8 730,000
Annica Bresky** 3 730,000
Nadine Crauwels 8 730,000
Henrik Lange 8 730,000
Ray Mauritsson 8 730,000
Anna Müller 8 730,000
Finn Rausing 8 730,000
Jörn Rausing 8 730,000
Ulf Wiinberg 7 730,000
Employee representatives Henrik Nielsen 8 –
Bror García Lantz*** 4 –
Johan Ranhög 8 –
Anders Jansson**** 4 –
Stefan Sandell (deputy member) 6 –
Johnny Hulten 1 –
Total 8 8,760,000
  Chairman       *The compensation reported pertains to the period between two AGMs. **Elected at the AGM 2025. ***Resigned after the AGM 2025. ****Elected after the AGM 2025.
Board of Directors
The Board of Alfa Laval manages the company on behalf of the 
shareholders and bears the ultimate responsibility for the orga -
nization and administration of the company. The work and 
responsibilities of the Board are governed by the Swedish Com -
panies Act, the Swedish Board Representation (Private Sector 
Employees) Act, Alfa Laval’s Articles of Association, the Main 
Market Rulebook and the Code. The Board is also responsible 
for establishing Board and CEO instructions in writing. The 
Board and CEO instructions describe the Board’s work assign -
ments, the committees to be established within the Board, the 
role of the Chairman and the allocation of work between the 
Board, the committees, and the President. To enable the ongo -
ing assessment of the company’s financial position, the Board 
instructions include separate instructions regarding the finan -
cial reporting to be submitted to the Board.
Alfa Laval AB’s Articles of Association state that the Board of 
Directors must consist of a minimum of four and a maximum 
of ten members, with four deputy members at the most. The 
Board members are elected annually by the Annual General 
Meeting. Three employee representatives and deputy employee 
representatives are also appointed to the Board by the trade 
union organizations.
In order to safeguard the best interests of the company and its 
owners, the Board members are to devote the necessary time 
and care, and to ensure that they have the required compe -
tence. The Board’s work includes establishing and evaluating 
Alfa Laval’s overall long-term objectives and strategies. This is 
accomplished by establishing business and financial plans, 
reviewing and approving financial statements, adopting guide -
lines, making decisions on issues relating to acquisitions and 
divestments, as well as deciding on major investments and 
significant changes to Alfa Laval’s organization and operations. 
The Board of Directors is also responsible for Alfa Laval’s corpo-
rate governance, Sustainability Report and Business Principles. 
In addition, the Board appoints, evaluates, and if necessary, dis-
misses the company’s President and CEO and establishes the 
instructions for the President with respect to the daily operations.
The Board conducts its work primarily within the framework of 
formal Board meetings. Approximately eight ordinary Board 
meetings are held each year and extraordinary meetings when 
needed. The company’s President prepares an agenda for each 
meeting in consultation with the Chairman of the Board. Recur -
ring agenda items at these meetings are health and safety, 
earnings results, capital structure and cash flow, order trends, 
investments, sustainability and business development. The 
EVP Group Affairs serves as Secretary to the Board and partici -
pates in all meetings. As does the company’s Chief Financial 
Officer. Employees in the company are invited to Board meet-
ings as presenters and experts. Within some areas, the Board 
of Directors conducts its work through the Audit Committee 
and the Remuneration Committee. The work of the committees 
is presented to the Board by respective Chairman of each 
Committee. 
4
Corporate Governance
78
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 79]
Responsibilities of the Chairman
The Chairman directs the work of the Board in a manner that 
ensures that it complies with prevailing laws and regulations as 
well as internal instructions. The Chairman is responsible for 
ensuring that the Board’s work is well organized, conducted 
efficiently, and that the Board fulfils its tasks. The Chairman is 
further responsible for ensuring that the other Board members 
continuously receive all information necessary for the work of 
the Board to be performed in the most effective manner and 
that the Board’s decisions are executed. In dialogue with the 
company’s President, the Chairman monitors operational 
developments and participates in evaluation and development 
matters with respect to the Group’s senior executives. It is fur-
ther the Chairman’s responsibility to arrange for introductory 
training for new Board members, to perform the annual evalua -
tion of the Board’s work and to represent the company in own-
ership issues.
Compensation to the Board
Compensation to the Board members is determined by the 
Annual General Meeting based on a proposal from the Nomina-
tion Committee. The Board members that also are members of 
the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee receive 
additional compensation for their committee work. The Board 
members are not entitled to pension payments from the company.
Composition of the Board after the 2025 Annual General 
Meeting
Alfa Laval’s Board of Directors, elected by the 2025 Annual 
General Meeting, consists of ten members, with no deputy 
members. The assignment lasts until the end of the 2026 
Annual General Meeting. The Board also includes three 
employee representatives with three deputy employee repre -
sentatives, appointed by the trade-union organizations.
The Board comprises individuals with diverse backgrounds and 
a wide range of competencies, knowledge and experience. The 
Chairman and the other members possess extensive opera -
tional expertise from industries relevant to Alfa Laval, as well as 
within Alfa Laval’s key strategic development areas. Moreover, 
the Board members have valuable expertise acquired through 
previous and current board assignments. The addition of the 
latest board member broadened the Board’s competence fur-
ther with, inter alias, extensive experience from several senior 
positions and board assignments in other companies and asso -
ciations as well as from Audit and Sustainability committees. 
All Board members, elected by the Annual General Meeting 
2025, are considered independent of the company and its 
management. All members, except Finn Rausing and Jörn 
Rausing, are further considered independent of the company’s 
major shareholders. Finn Rausing and Jörn Rausing cannot be 
considered as independent due to their relationship with the 
largest shareholder in Alfa Laval AB, Winder Holding AG.
More information about the Board members is available on 
pages 84-85 and on Alfa Laval’s website.
Work of the Board in 2025
The Board held eight Board meetings in 2025, including eight 
ordinary meetings and none extraordinary. Recurring items at 
the Board meetings throughout the year included health and 
safety, sustainability and CSRD, earnings results, capital struc -
ture and cash flow, order trends, investments, business devel -
opment and acquisitions as well as the implications of the 
prevailing geopolitical environment for the company, inter alia, 
implementation of trade tariffs.
During the year, the Board monitored the Group’s risk manage-
ment, earnings and financial position, and addressed the 
Group’s strategy and business plan. Investments, including the 
expansion of the Framo production facilities, and acquisitions, 
such as the acquisition of the Five Cryogenics business unit and 
the acquisition of NRG Marine, as well as follow-ups of previous 
investments were also discussed. 
To position Alfa Laval for a more sustainable future, Alfa Laval in 
2025 continued to invest in its own climate footprint and in the 
technologies required to drive the energy transition. As a part of 
this, the Board maintained a strong focus on Alfa Laval’s sus-
tainability strategy, particularly on the ambition to reach net 
zero scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2027 (see page 18).
Board evaluation and Board education
In order to ensure well-functioning and effective governance, an 
evaluation of the Board is made each year. The evaluation is 
conducted by the Chairman of the Board, and may, when 
deemed appropriate, be supplemented by external resources.
In 2025, the annual evaluation was conducted through cus -
tomary interviews with the Board members, as well as through 
the use of a digital platform. The evaluation included various 
areas relevant to the Board’s work, inter alia, the Board’s work 
methods and work climate as well as its access to and need for 
particular Board competence. The evaluation was presented to 
the Nomination Committee to form a foundation for the com -
mittee’s work, both in terms of proposals for Board members 
and in terms of compensation.
New Board members are introduced to the company and the 
Board’s work through a comprehensive introduction programme 
within six months of their election. The introduction can further 
include other training when appropriate and agreed by the new 
member and the Chairman. In addition, an educational field trip 
takes place each year for the entire Board. In 2025, the Board 
of Directors attended a field trip to Alfa Laval’s new site in 
 Flemingsberg, Sweden. The purpose of the visit was, among 
other things, to visit the new innovation centre and lab and to 
get a deeper understanding of the work conducted at the site 
after the move from Tumba.
Corporate Governance
79
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 80]
Committees within the Board5
The Board instructions stipulate the establishment of a Remu -
neration Committee and an Audit Committee, reporting to the 
Board. Members of the committees are appointed from within 
the Board, annually at the statutory meeting.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee’s work and responsibilities
The Audit Committee is established by the Board of Directors to 
assist the Board in discharging its duties primarily with respect 
to review and control of the internal control system, reporting 
process and internal audit functions as well as external audit 
process and the relations with the external auditors.
A part of the Committee’s work is to be responsible for the 
preparation of the Board of Directors’ work to ensure the quality 
of the company’s financial statements and sustainability report-
ing. The Audit Committee is also to review the company’s finan-
cial statements and sustainability reports. The Committee shall 
further review the processes implemented by the company to 
ensure that the financial statements and sustainability report -
ing derive from the underlying systems as well as comply with 
applicable laws, standards and other requirements.
Another responsibility of the Audit Committee is to review the 
proposed internal audit plan as well as activities, resources and 
organizational structure of the internal audit function to ensure 
the effectiveness of the function. Additionally, the Committee is 
to examine the work, qualifications, and independence of the 
external auditors and to prepare a proposal to the Nomination 
Committee for the Annual General Meeting’s resolution on 
election of external auditors. For further information regarding 
the responsibilities of the Audit Committee, refer to “The Board 
of Directors’ report on internal control” on pages 88–89.
The Audit Committee’s composition and work in 2025
The Audit Committee comprised Henrik Lange (Chairman), 
Dennis Jönsson and Lilian Fossum Biner in 2025 with the head 
of Group Accounting, Consolidation and Taxes serving as 
 Secretary. Meetings of the Committee were also attended by 
the company’s Chief Financial Officer, the Head of the Internal 
Audit Function, the Group Treasurer and the company’s auditors.
The Audit Committee held six meetings during 2025. During 
these meetings, recurring agenda points related to the financial 
reports and the Sustainability Report were addressed, as well 
Audit Committee: compensation and attendance
Name Present Compensation*
Henrik Lange   
 6 350,000
Lilian Fossum Biner 6 175,000
Dennis Jönsson 6 175,000
Total 6 700,000
  Chairman
Remuneration Committee: compensation and attendance
Name Present Compensation*
Dennis Jönsson   
 3 85,000
Jörn Rausing 3 85,000
Ulf Wiinberg 3 85,000
Total 3 255,000
  Chairman
*The compensation reported pertains to the period between two AGMs.
Corporate Governance
80
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 81]
The company’s auditors
The auditors’ work and responsibilities
In accordance with Alfa Laval AB’s Articles of Associa -
tion, the company must have at least one but not more 
than two auditors and not more than two deputy audi -
tors. The auditors are appointed annually by the Annual 
General Meeting. Authorized Public Accountants or a 
registered auditing firm must be appointed. The audi -
tors serve as an independent supervisory body with the 
following areas included in their assignment:
• auditing the accounting and financial statements 
of individual companies in the Group
• evaluating the accounting policies applied 
• assessing the administration of the company 
• management reviewing the interim report for the 
third quarter
• evaluating the overall presentation in the Annual 
Report
• a limited assurance on the Sustainability Report
• reviewing compliance with the principles for 
 remuneration to senior executives
The Audit Report – the results of the auditors’ work – is 
communicated to shareholders in the Annual Report 
and at the Annual General Meeting. In addition, the 
auditors present a statement regarding the proposed 
discharge from liability, included in the agenda of every 
Annual General Meeting, along with the adoption of the 
income statement and balance sheet. The auditors also 
present a statement regarding the Corporate Gover -
nance Report and a limited assurance regarding the 
Sustainability Statement.
Auditors elected at the 2025 Annual General 
Meeting
At the Annual General Meeting 2025, the Authorized 
Public Accountants Andreas Troberg and Hanna Feh -
land were re-elected as the company’s auditors. Henrik 
Jonzén and Andreas Mast were further re-elected as 
deputy auditors. The company has assessed that none 
of the elected auditors or their deputies have any rela -
tionship with Alfa Laval, or any company related to Alfa 
Laval, which could affect their independent status. In 
2025, the Board of Directors received a presentation 
from the company’s external auditors on one occasion, 
which took place without the President or anyone in 
Group management being present. The Audit Commit -
tee received separate reports on six occasions.
The company’s auditors are remunerated according to 
approved invoices. Refer to Note 6.
as reporting from the external auditors, planning of external and 
internal audits, internal control processes, sustainability and 
CSRD, tax matters, follow-up of non audit services, and the 
Group’s provisions and reserves. In addition, the strategy for 
capital structure, financial risks and proposals regarding 
 auditors for the Annual General Meeting were also discussed .
Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee’s work and responsibilities
The Remuneration Committee is established by the Board of 
Directors to assist the Board in discharging certain of its duties 
with respect to remuneration. The Committee prepares and 
decides on proposals to the Board regarding remuneration and 
other key employment terms for the President. The Remunera-
tion Committee shall further, with application of the Executive 
Remuneration Policy established by the Annual General Meet-
ing, resolve on remuneration and other key employment terms for 
the members of Group Management other than the President.
Another responsibility of the Committee is to monitor and eval -
uate the application of the Executive Remuneration Policy 
adopted by the Annual General Meeting and, when deemed 
necessary, prepare a proposal for the Executive Remuneration 
Policy to the Annual General Meeting to resolve upon. The 
Committee is also responsible for submitting proposals to the 
Board regarding the Remuneration Report, which is to be pre -
pared by the Board of Directors each fiscal year and presented 
to the Annual General Meeting for approval.
The Remuneration Committee’s composition and work  
in 2025
In 2025, the Remuneration Committee comprised Dennis 
Jönsson (Chairman), Jörn Rausing and Ulf Wiinberg. Meetings 
of the Committee were also attended by President Tom Erixon 
and the EVP Human Resources. Minutes were taken separately 
or directly in the corresponding Board minutes.
The Remuneration Committee held three meetings in 2025. 
Recurring items addressed included the objectives of short-term 
(STI) and long-term (LTI) incentive plans as well as compensa-
tion for senior executives. The Remuneration Committee further 
discussed a proposal to the Board concerning the Remunera-
tion Report for 2024, presented at the 2025 Annual General 
Meeting. The Remuneration Report outlines how the Executive 
Remuneration Policy was applied in 2024.
Corporate Governance
81
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 82]
Guidelines for remuneration 
to senior executives
The executive officers, i.e. the CEO and other members of Group 
 Management reporting to the CEO, fall within the provisions of this 
policy. The policy must be adopted by the annual general meeting once 
every four years or when changed. The policy is forward-looking, i.e. 
applicable to remuneration agreed, and amendments to remuneration 
already agreed, after adoption of the policy by the annual general 
meeting. This policy does not apply to any remuneration decided or 
approved by the general meeting. The below policy was adopted by 
the annual general meeting 2023.
A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company’s 
business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests, including 
its sustainability, is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified 
personnel, consequently it is necessary that the company offers market 
competitive remuneration.
This policy enables the company to offer the executive officers a com -
petitive total remuneration. The remuneration shall be on market terms 
and may consist of the following components: fixed base salary, variable 
cash remuneration (including STI and LTIP), pension benefits and 
other benefits. The components, their purpose and link to the company’s 
business strategy are described below.
The decision-making process to determine, review and implement 
the policy
The Board of Directors has established a Committee within the Board 
(the Remuneration Committee), with the tasks of preparing, within the 
Board of Directors, the policy for remuneration for executive officers. 
The Board of Directors shall propose a revised policy at least every 
fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The policy shall be in 
force until a new policy is adopted by the general meeting.
Unless otherwise stated herein, the Board of Directors shall resolve on 
matters regarding remuneration and employment provisions for all 
other executive officers. The Board of Directors may delegate deci -
sion-making to the Remuneration Committee. The Committee shall 
continuously report to the Board of Directors. The CEO and the other 
executive officers shall not be present when their respective remunera -
tion terms are decided.
Additionally, the general meeting may – irrespective of this policy– 
resolve on, among other things, share-related or share price-related 
remuneration.
Fixed Base Salary
Purpose and link to strategy Supports the attraction and retention of the best talents. Ensures competitiveness while controlling fixed costs to maximise efficiency.
Operational Details • Normally reviewed annually and increases will usually be effective from 1 January or following a change in responsibilities. 
• The Remuneration Committee will consider, among other things, the following parameters when reviewing fixed base salary: 
• Economic and salary conditions and trends. 
• The individual’s performance and responsibilities. 
• Base salaries and total remuneration at other companies that operate in the same markets, typically benchmarked 
against similar roles.
Variable Cash Remuneration
A portion of the total remuneration for the executive officers is linked to business performance so that total remuneration will increase or decrease in line with 
performance, thus promoting the company’s business strategy and long-term interests.
Annual Short-Term Incentive (STI)
Purpose and link to strategy To incentivise and create focus on the delivery of annual financial and strategic criteria.
Operational Details • The performance criteria, weighting and targets are to be determined annually. Targets shall be set by reference to the 
company’s operating plan and historical and projected performance. 
• The outcome of criteria for awarding STI is to be measured over a period of one year and depend on the degree of fulfil -
ment of predetermined targets. 
• The Board of Directors shall have the possibility, under applicable law or contractual provisions, subject to the restrictions 
that may apply under law or contract, to reclaim in whole or in part STI paid on incorrect grounds (so-called claw-back).
Opportunity Levels The maximum opportunity for STI can amount up to 50 percent of fixed base salary. For the CEO the maximum opportunity 
can amount up to 60 percent of fixed base salary. The Remuneration Committee shall have the possibility to review the 
opportunity levels in order to ensure market competitiveness.
Performance Criteria The STI plan awards shall be based on mainly financial criteria. The criteria shall be designed so as to contribute to the 
company’s business strategy and long-term interests.
Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP)
Purpose and link to strategy Give extra focus on the long-term value creation for the shareholders.
Operational Details • An annual grant of the LTIP, with a three-year performance period, can be decided by the Board of Directors each year. 
• Payment to the participants of the program is made after year three, provided, that they are still employed at the date of payment. 
• The Board of Directors shall have the possibility, under applicable law or contractual provisions, subject to the restrictions 
that may apply under law or contract, to reclaim in whole or in part LTIP paid on incorrect grounds (so-called claw-back). 
• In the event of a restructuring of the Company or any other extraordinary event which the Remuneration Committee con -
siders will affect the value of an award, the method of calculating the proportion of the maximum value of the award which 
will be paid to a Participant on vesting may be adjusted in such manner as the Remuneration Committee shall determine 
to be fair and reasonable.
Corporate Governance
82
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 83]
Opportunity Levels For executive officers the maximum opportunity for LTIP can amount up to 40 percent of fixed base salary for each three-
year performance period. For the CEO the maximum opportunity can amount up to 50 percent of fixed base salary for each 
three-year performance period.
Performance Criteria The performance criteria of the LTIP are to be related to financial targets over a business cycle, including but not necessarily 
limited to, Operating margin (adjusted EBITA margin) and Net invoicing growth. Maximum outcome is awarded when the 
externally communicated long-term financial targets are clearly exceeded.
For retention or recruitment purposes or extraordinary performance beyond the individual’s ordinary tasks the Remuneration Committee based on proposal of CEO, 
may decide on a specific cash remuneration. Such remuneration may not exceed an annual amount corresponding to 40 percent of fixed annual cash salary and may 
not be paid more than once each year per individual.
Pension Benefits
Purpose and link to strategy Provide competitive and cost-effective pension benefits.
Operational Details • Pension benefits shall be defined contribution (premium defined) unless the individual concerned is subject to defined 
benefit pension under mandatory collective agreement provisions. 
• Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits unless the executive officer is part of mandatory collec -
tive agreed provisions where this is stipulated. 
• Early retirement may be offered selectively and only after a special decision by the Remuneration Committee, with a 
defined contribution early retirement scheme. 
• For executive officers governed by rules other than Swedish, pension benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with 
mandatory rules or established local practice, taking into account, to the extent possible, the overall purpose of this policy.
Opportunity Levels The pension premiums for defined contribution pension shall amount to not more than 50 percent of the pensionable salary 
(for the CEO fixed annual base salary).
Other Benefits
Purpose and link to strategy Provide competitive and cost-effective benefits.
Operational Details • Other benefits may include but is not limited to life insurance, disability insurance and medical insurance/cover and a 
company car or car allowance. 
• For executive officers governed by rules other than Swedish, benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with manda -
tory rules or established local practice, taking into account, to the extent possible, the overall purpose of this policy. 
• Executive officers who are international assignees (for example expatriates) to or from Sweden may receive additional 
remuneration and other benefits to the extent reasonable in light of the special circumstances associated with the 
 international assignment arrangement, taking into account, to the extent possible, the overall purpose of this policy.
Opportunity Levels Other benefits may amount to not more than 5 percent of the fixed annual cash salary and shall be set at a level which the 
Remuneration Committee considers to: 
• provide the relevant level of benefit depending on role and the individual circumstances, 
• be in line with comparable roles in companies with similar size and complexity in the local market, and 
• be appropriate compared to the benefits offered to the wider workforce in the local market.
Termination of employment
Details • If notice of termination of employment is made by the company: 
• The notice period may not exceed twelve months. 
• Fixed cash salary during the period of notice and severance pay may together not exceed an amount equivalent to the 
fixed cash salary for two years. 
• When termination is made by the executive officer the period of notice may not to exceed six months without any right to 
severance pay. 
• Appropriate so-called good leaver/bad leaver principles are to be applied for STI and LTIP. 
• Repatriation – If the executive officer is an international assignee the company may reimburse reasonable cost for the 
repatriation of good leavers, taking into account, to the extent possible, the overall purpose of this policy. 
For executive officers governed by rules other than Swedish, payments in connection with termination may be duly adjusted 
for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice, taking into account, to the extent possible, the overall 
purpose of this policy.
Salary and employment conditions for employees
In the preparation of the Board of Directors’ proposal for this remunera -
tion policy, salary and employment conditions for employees of the 
company have been taken into account by including information on the 
employees’ total income, the components of the remuneration and 
increase and growth rate over time. The development of the difference 
between the remuneration to executive officers and remuneration to 
other employees will be disclosed in the remuneration report.
Derogation from the policy
The Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the 
policy, in whole or in part, if in a specific case there is special cause for the 
derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company’s long-
term interests, including its sustainability, or to ensure the company’s 
financial viability. As set out above, the Remuneration Committee’s tasks 
include preparing the Board of Directors’ resolutions in remuneration- 
related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the policy.
Corporate Governance
83
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 84]
Board of Directors and Auditors
Appointed by the Annual General Meeting
Dennis Jönsson
Chairman since 2020.
Born: 1956
Formerly President and CEO of Tetra Pak.
Education:  BSc. Econ from Stockholm University.
Board member:  ICC Sweden
Independent of the company and major shareholders.
Number of shares in Alfa Laval: 210,000* (210,000**)
Ulf Wiinberg
Board member since 2013.
Born: 1958
Formerly President of X-Vax Inc., CEO of H. Lundbeck 
A/S, Director of Wyeth Pharmaceuticals, EMEA/
Canada & BioPharma, and a number of other senior 
positions in Wyeth.
Education:  Courses at Colombia University (IBM) 
and University of Pennsylvania – Wharton
Board member:  UCB Pharma, Mink Inc and Sigrid 
Therapeutics.
Independent of the company and major shareholders.
Number of shares in Alfa Laval: 20,000* (20,000**)
Henrik Lange
Board member since 2018.
Born: 1961
Previously President and CEO of Gunnebo AB; held 
several senior positions within the SKF Group, includ -
ing Industry Division Manager and CFO, and served 
as CEO of Johnson Pump AB.
Education:  BSc. Econ. from the Gothenburg School 
of Business, Economics and Law
Board member:  Velux A/S, Trelleborg AB, BDR 
Thermea Group B.V, Dunkerstiftelserna and Traction AB.
Independent of the company and major shareholders.
Number of shares in Alfa Laval: 6,000* (6,000**)
Finn Rausing
Board member since 2000.
Born: 1955
Education:  B.L., MBA from INSEAD.
Board member:  Tetra Laval Group, DeLaval Holding 
AB and Excillum AB.
Independent of the company.
Number of shares in Alfa Laval: –* (–**)
Jörn Rausing
Board member since 2000.
Born: 1960
Head of Mergers and Acquisitions (M&A) in  
the Tetra Laval Group.
Education:  BSc. Econ.
Board member:  Tetra Laval Group, Ocado PLC 
and DeLaval Holding AB.
Independent of the company.
Number of shares in Alfa Laval: –* (–**)
Nadine Crauwels
Board member since 2023.
Born: 1971
Holds the position as President Sandvik Machining 
Solutions and Executive Vice President at Sandvik.
Held several senior positions in Switzerland and 
Belgium, mainly in Sandvik Coromant AB.
Education:  MSc, Mechanical Engineering, 
 Production, from the University of Leuven (KU 
 Leuven), Belgium.
Independent of the company and major shareholders.
Number of shares in Alfa Laval: 920* (920**)
Ray Mauritsson
Board member since 2020.
Born: 1962
President and CEO, Axis AB.
Former positions include several different leading 
positions in Axis Communications AB and Tac (today 
part of Schneider Electric).
Education:  MSc. Engineering Physics, Lund 
 University Faculty of Engineering. Executive MBA, 
Lund University School of Economics.
Independent of the company and of major 
shareholders.
Number of shares in Alfa Laval: 6,000* (6,000**)
*Holdings on December 31, 2025.  **Holdings on December 31, 2024.
Corporate Governance
84
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 85]
Auditors
Andreas Troberg
Authorized Public Accountant, EY.
Born: 1976
Company auditor since 2023.
Hanna Fehland
Authorized Public Accountant, EY.
Born: 1981
Company auditor since 2024.
Lilian Fossum Biner
Board member since 2021.
Born: 1962
Previously CFO at Axel Johnson AB and Senior  
Vice President and Head of HR and Organizational 
Development for Electrolux Group.
Education:  M.Sc. in Finance and International  
Business, Stockholm School of Economics.
Board member:  Scania AB, Carlsberg Group A/S, 
Pandora A/S and Röko AB.
Independent of the company and major shareholders.
Number of shares in Alfa Laval: 800* (800**)
Anna Müller
Board member since 2023.
Born: 1967
Holds the position as President and CEO AB Volvo 
Penta. Has held several senior positions within AB 
Volvo including Senior Vice President Europe North & 
Central at Volvo Trucks, and served as Managing 
Director at Ford Motor Company AB.
Education:  BSc, International Business & Economics 
from Linköping University.
Independent of the company and major shareholders.
Number of shares in Alfa Laval: 1,930* (1,930**)
Annica Bresky
Board member since 2025.
Born: 1975
Previously President and CEO of Stora Enso and 
Iggesund Paperboard.
Education: Master in aquatic & environmental  
engineering, from the University of Uppsala.
Chairman of the board: Permascand.
Board member:  Vaisala Oyj, Stegra, Fagerhult AB, 
Nordstjernan AB and Ørsted.
Independent of the company and of the major 
shareholders.
Number of share in Alfa Laval: 1,250*
Deputy Auditors
Henrik Jonzén
Authorized Public Accountant, EY.
Born: 1977
Deputy Auditor since 2018.
Andreas Mast
Authorized Public Accountant, EY.
Born: 1979
Deputy Auditor since 2020.
*Holdings on December 31, 2025.  **Holdings on December 31, 2024.
Employee representatives
Martin Bodin
Deputy member since 2025.
Born: 1983
Employed by Alfa Laval since 2019.
Deputy employee representative for the Swedish 
Metal Workers’ Union (IF Metall).
Stefan Sandell
Deputy member since 2005.
Born: 1971
Employed by Alfa Laval since 1989.
Deputy employee representative for the Swedish 
Organization for Managers (Ledarna).
Johnny Hultén
Deputy member since 2017.
Born: 1961
Employed by Alfa Laval since 1977.
Deputy employee representative for the Swedish 
Metal Workers’ Union (IF Metall).
Deputy employee representatives
Anders Jansson
Employee representative since 2025.
Born: 1965
Employed by Alfa Laval since 2019.
Employee representative for the Swedish Union of 
Clerical and Technical Employees in Industry 
(Unionen).
Number of shares in Alfa Laval: 0*
Johan Ranhög
Employee representative since 2021.
Born: 1964
Employed by Alfa Laval since 2016.
Employee representative for the Swedish Con -
federation of Professional Associations (SACO).
Number of shares in Alfa Laval: 101* (101**)
Henrik Nielsen
Employee representative since 2015.
Born: 1968
Employed by Alfa Laval since 1994.
Employee representative for the Swedish Metal 
Workers’ Union (IF Metall).
Number of shares in Alfa Laval: 50* (50**)
Corporate Governance
85
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 86]
President and Group management
Sammy Hulpiau
EVP, President Food & 
Pharma Division (in 2025 
Food & Water Division)
Born: 1963
Employed by Alfa Laval since 
1988.
Former positions include 
President Business Unit High 
Speed Separators, Vice Presi -
dent Energy & Environment 
and Managing Director of 
Benelux.
Education: MSc. Trade & 
Financial Science
Number of shares in Alfa 
Laval: 0* (0**)
Thomas Møller
EVP, President Energy Division
Born: 1974
Employed by Alfa Laval since 
2002.
President of the Energy Divi -
sion since 2021. Former posi -
tions include President Busi -
ness Unit Decanters, Water & 
Waste Segment Manager and 
Market Unit Power Manager.
Education:  BSc. Eng.
Number of shares in Alfa 
Laval: 7, 8 0 0* (7, 8 0 0* *)
Emma Adlerton
EVP Group Affairs & Secretary 
to the Board
Born: 1973
Employed by Alfa Laval since 
2008.
Secretary to the Board of 
Directors since 2015 and EVP 
of Group Affairs (Sustainabil -
ity, Corporate Development, 
Legal, Risk & Compliance, 
Intellectual Property, Digital & 
Transformation and Health 
and Safety). Former positions 
included General Counsel in 
the Alfa Laval Group and 
attorney at at law.
Education:  Master Laws 
(LL.M), Lund University.
Number of shares in Alfa 
Laval: 2,500* (2,500**)
Joakim Vilson
EVP, Human Resources
Born: 1965
Employed by Alfa Laval since 
1990.
Former positions include 
Senior Vice President Global 
Sales & Service, Executive 
Vice President in charge of the 
Central and Eastern Europe, 
Latin America, Middle East 
and Africa Regions, Head of 
Mid Europe Region and Head 
of the Process Industry 
segment.
Education: BSc. Eng.
Number of shares in Alfa 
Laval: 7,520* (7,520**)
Tom Erixon
President and CEO
Born: 1960
CEO since March 1, 2016.
Former positions include 
President and CEO of OVAKO 
AB and President of Sandvik 
Coromant.
Board member of Afry AB.
Education: MA Law from the 
University of Lund in Sweden 
and MBA Business Adminis -
tration from IESE in Spain.
Number of shares in Alfa 
Laval: 129,200* (129,200**)
Fredrik Ekström
E V P, C F O
Born: 1975
Employed by Alfa Laval since 
1998.
Chief Financial Officer since 
2022.
Former positions include 
several international positions 
in Alfa Laval, most recently as 
President Business Unit 
Brazed & Fusion Bonded Heat 
Exchangers.
Education:  MBA, University of 
Illinois at Urbana Champaign, 
USA.
Number of shares in Alfa 
Laval: 5,000* (4,000**)
Martijn Bergink
EVP, President Ocean Divi -
sion (in 2025 Marine Division)
Born: 1971
Employed by Alfa Laval since 
1998.
President of the Marine Division 
since 2025. The position as 
President Business Unit Pump-
ing Systems and Managing 
Director Framo AS, held since 
2019, is still part of his role. 
Former positions include 
President Business Unit Boilers 
and Gas Systems, Managing 
Director Inert gas and Exhaust 
gas cleaning systems and 
Process Technology Division 
Director at Alfa Laval Benelux BV.
Education:  Chemistry MScs, 
University of Amsterdam.
Number of shares in Alfa 
Laval: 1,750*
Julien Gennetier
EVP, President Global Sales 
and Service
Born: 1977
Employed by Alfa Laval since 
2000.
Former positions include 
President Business Unit Gas -
keted Plate Heat Exchanger, 
Managing Director of Alfa 
Laval France North-West 
Africa and Alfa Laval Moatti.
Education:  MSc. Eng.
Number of shares in Alfa 
Laval: 0*
*Holdings on December 31, 2025.
**Holdings on December 31, 2024.
Corporate Governance
86
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 87]
Areas of responsibility
The President and CEO directs the daily operations and is 
responsible for ensuring that the Board of Directors has access 
to the necessary information and supporting documentation for 
its decision-making purposes. In addition, the President is 
responsible for ensuring that the company’s accounting com-
plies with applicable laws and regulations, and shall prepare 
and monitor compliance with the goals, policies and strategic 
plans of the company and the Group, Inter alia the Business 
Principles. The President has the support of Group manage -
ment, to which responsibilities and authority are delegated. The 
members of Group management include three divisional man -
agers and the heads of Global Sales and Service, HR, Finance 
(Internal Audit & Internal control, IT, Treasury, Sourcing, Real 
estate, Investor relation, Group control, Group accounting and 
Swedish site manager) and Group Affairs (Sustainability, 
 Corporate Development, Legal, Risk & Compliance, Intellectual 
Property, Digital & Transformation and Health & Safety).
Remuneration to senior executives, pensions and 
 severance pay/termination of employment
The Executive Remuneration Policy for the President and other 
members of Group management was adopted at the Annual 
General Meeting 2021 and amended at the Annual General 
Meeting 2023. For additional information, refer to Note 5 and 
the detailed guidelines presented earlier in the corporate gover -
nance section.
Operational control
Alfa Laval’s operational control model comprises a matrix in 
which the Group’s divisions are presented vertically, intersect-
ing with the Group’s geographic regions, which are presented 
horizontally.
Group management meetings in 2025
Group management held eight scheduled meetings in 2025 
during which minutes were taken. In addition, quarterly reviews 
were performed to discuss the business developments in the 
divisions and regions. These reviews addressed the business 
climate, earnings, earnings projections for the next twelve 
months, health and safety, specific issues affecting the respec -
tive business areas as well as Alfa Laval´s Sustainability Strat -
egy, particularly on the ambition to reach net zero scope 1 and 2 
emissions by 2027. Separate meetings were also held to 
address, among other areas, inorganic growth, risk manage -
ment and talent review. In 2025, Group management addressed 
health and safety, scalability, business development in divisions 
and regions with deeper review in specific countries, the macro 
economic and geopolitical environment, research and develop -
ment, sustainability, investment requirements and acquisition 
opportunities. 
Global Sales & Service*
President and CEO*
Food & Water* Marine*Energy*
*Members of Group management
CommunicationsFinance* Group Affairs*HR*
*Holdings on December 31, 2025.
**Holdings on December 31, 2024.
Corporate Governance
87
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 88]
Board of Directors’ report  
on internal control
The Board of Directors is responsible for the internal control of the company, with the aim of safe-
guarding the company’s assets and thus the interests of the shareholders. Through sound internal 
control, the Board ensures the reliability of Alfa Laval’s reporting and its compliance with legislation, 
regulations, applicable accounting policies as well as the company’s Business Principles. All commu-
nication and financial reporting are to be correct, relevant, objective and transparent.
Control environment
The control environment includes the internal governance 
instruments adopted by the Board for the company’s daily oper-
ations. The control instruments comprise policy documents, 
which are continuously assessed, reviewed and updated. These 
documents include, for example, the Board’s instructions, the 
CEO’s instructions, reporting instructions, the company’s trea-
sury policy, business principles, insider policy and communica -
tion policy.
The Board has overriding responsibility for financial and sus -
tainability reporting and must therefore, among other things, 
assess the performance and earnings of the operations through 
a package of reports including results, forecasts and analyses 
of key indicators. The Board also reviews the company’s interim 
reports, year-end report and Sustainability Report, and shall 
meet with the external auditors at least once a year without the 
presence of the President or other members of Group 
management.
The President is subject to instructions issued by the Board. 
The President is responsible for ensuring an effective control 
environment and for the ongoing control work. Another part of 
the President’s responsibility is to ensure that the company’s 
accounting complies with legislation and that the management 
of assets is adequately performed. The President is further 
responsible for ensuring that all Board members regularly 
receive sufficient information to be able to assess the company’s 
financial position.
Group management is responsible for managing and maintain -
ing the internal control systems required to manage significant 
risks in the company’s operating activities. Management is also 
responsible for clearly ensuring that all employees understand 
the requirements for and the individual’s role in maintaining 
sound internal control.
Alfa Laval follows the Three lines of defence model to ensure a 
standardized and comprehensive approach to governance and 
risk management and establish adequate levels of ownership 
and accountability. The first line of defence is represented by 
the business operations which implement and maintain the 
control activities. The second line is represented by various 
Group and oversight functions that also set directions, define 
policy and procedures, and have functional oversight. The third 
line is represented by the internal audit function that has the 
responsibility of providing independent and objective assur -
ance over the internal control activities performed by the first 
and second line.
The Board’s Audit Committee is tasked with ensuring compli-
ance with the principles for financial and sustainability report -
ing as well as internal control. The Committee follows up the 
effectiveness of the internal control system and reviews the 
financial procedures to ensure that the information can be 
traced back to underlying financial systems and that it is in line 
with legislation and relevant standards.
The Audit Committee examines procedures for reporting and 
financial controls as well as addressing the company’s financial 
and the Sustainability Report. It also monitors, evaluates and 
discusses significant issues related to accounting as well as 
financial and sustainability reporting. The Committee evalu -
ates and manages information pertaining to disputes and 
potential improprieties and assists management with identify -
ing and evaluating mainly financial and similar risks that are 
relevant to the operations in order to ensure that the focus is on 
managing these risks. It also reviews the company’s information 
security system and the contingency plans in place to ensure 
delivery of financial information.
The Audit Committee has the right to determine the focus of the 
internal audit and is responsible for ensuring the efficiency of 
the function by assessing its activities, resources and structure. 
The Committee is also responsible for reviewing the results and 
recommendations of the internal audit to ensure that they are 
handled in an appropriate manner. The Committee is also 
responsible for reviewing the internal audit plan every six 
months to ensure that it addresses the relevant risk areas and 
for ensuring that there is suitable coordination between the 
internal and external audit.
The Audit Committee holds regular meetings with the external 
auditors and reviews their work, qualifications and indepen -
dence. The results of the review are reported to the company’s 
Nomination Committee on an annual basis. The Audit Com -
mittee supports the Nomination Committee in its work to nomi -
nate auditors and conducts an annual review of the proposed 
scope of the audit. Reports are provided to the Board regarding 
internal meetings as well as meetings with the internal auditors, 
the external auditors and various specialists in Group manage -
ment and its support functions. The Committee is responsible 
Corporate Governance
88
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 89]
for reviewing significant results from the external audit and the 
recommendations issued by the external auditors as a result. It 
is also responsible for establishing guidelines that ensure the 
independence of the external auditors.
The Internal Audit function assists the Board of Directors and 
management in achieving its objectives by performing indepen -
dent and objective internal audit assignments relating to the 
operation of risks, designed controls, required compliances and 
business processes. Internal audit reports the conclusions from 
these audits to the Audit Committee – and proposes plans for 
the coming 12 months. The internal auditors also issue reports 
from individual audits to the appropriate members of Group 
management. Procedures are in place to perform regular fol -
low-up of the agreed actions to guarantee that specific actions 
are taken following the internal audit. These are based on an 
agreed schedule set with the party responsible for the individual 
activities. The Internal Audit Function is comprised of internal 
auditors, internal specialist resources and external consultants. 
Internal audits encompass a broad spectrum of functions and 
issues determined by the Board of Directors. The areas audited 
include compliance with the systems, guidelines, policies and 
processes established for the Group’s business operations; the 
existence of systems to ensure that financial transactions are 
carried out, archived and reported in an accurate and lawful 
manner; and opportunities to improve management control, the 
company’s profitability and the organization, which may be 
identified during audits. In 2025, 42 internal audits were 
performed.
Risk assessment
Within the framework of the company’s operating activities and 
review functions, procedures are in place for risk assessments 
pertaining to financial reporting. These procedures aim to iden -
tify and evaluate the risks that may affect internal control. The 
procedures encompass risk assessments in conjunction with 
strategic planning and acquisition activities as well as processes 
for identifying amendments to the accounting policies to ensure 
that they are accurately reflected in the financial reporting.
Control structures
Control structures are in place in all areas of the organization to 
prevent, identify and adjust errors or deviations. They manage 
the risks that the Board and management consider to be signifi -
cant to the business, internal control and financial reporting. 
These structures comprise both an organization with clearly 
defined roles that enables an effective and – from an internal 
control perspective – appropriate division of responsibility, and 
specific control activities that enable the identification and 
timely prevention of risks becoming a reality. Control activities 
also include clearly defined decision-making processes with 
respect to, for example, investments, agreements, acquisitions 
and divestments, earnings analyses and other forms of analyti -
cal reviews, reconciliations, inventory-taking and automatic 
controls in the IT systems.
Information and communication
The company’s regulations, guidelines and manuals are com-
municated through several internal channels, and the efficiency 
of this communication is monitored on an ongoing basis. There 
are formal and informal information channels that enable 
employees to communicate important information to relevant 
recipients and ultimately, if necessary, to the Board of Directors. 
In addition, clear guidelines have been established for external 
communications, the aim of which is to provide the most accu-
rate and relevant overview possible while ensuring that all obli-
gations are met.
Follow-up
The internal control process is mainly followed up by two bod -
ies: the Audit Committee and the Internal Audit Function. The 
Audit Committee establishes the principles that apply for the 
company with respect to accounting and financial reporting, 
and monitors compliance with these regulations.
The Audit Committee meets with the external auditors to 
obtain information about the focus and scope of the audit and 
to discuss the results and coordination of the external and inter -
nal audits. In addition, the Committee establishes the direction, 
scope and time schedules for the work of the internal Audit 
team, whose audit results are reported to the Audit Committee 
and continuously to Group management so that any necessary 
measures may be taken.
Alfa Laval has implemented a management assessment pro -
cess for key internal controls over business processes in the 
company. The managers and key employees evaluate their 
compliance through a control self-assessment of important 
internal controls in these business processes. The self-assess -
ment is performed annually. Based on the results, the internal 
controls framework is improved and strengthened. This assists 
in risk-based evaluation and improvements of the business 
processes at Alfa Laval.
Lund, March 2026 
Board of Directors
Corporate Governance
89
Annual & Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 90]
Financial Statements
Financial Statements Consolidated income statement
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
Consolidated balance sheet
Changes in consolidated equity
Consolidated cash flow statement
Parent Company income statement
Parent Company balance sheet 
Changes in Parent Company equity 
Parent Company cash flow statement 
91
91
92
94
95
96
97
98
99
Notes 100
Declaration by the Board of Directors and the CEO 139
Financial Statements
90
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 91]
Consolidated income statement
SEK million Note 2025 2024
Net sales 2, 3 69,674 66,954
Cost of goods sold 7 -44,476 -43,7 47
Gross profit 25,198 23,207
Sales costs 4, 5, 7 -6,877 -6,965
Administration costs 4, 5, 6, 7 -3,873 -3,318
Research and development costs 7 -1,738 -1,656
Other operating income 1,073 1,075
Other operating costs 7 -2,033 -1,940
Share of result in joint ventures 15 -2 33
Operating income 11,749 10,435
Financial income 8 292 284
Financial costs 8 -844 -724
Result after financial items 11,198 9,996
Tax on net income for the year 9 -2,875 -2,564
Net income for the year 8,322 7, 4 32
Net income for the year attributable to:
Owners of the parent 8,272 7, 3 9 1
Non-controlling interests 50 41
Earnings per share attributable to Parent Company shareholders, SEK* 20.01 17. 8 8
* Before and after dilution.
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
SEK million Note 2025 2024
Net income for the year 8,322 7, 4 32
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Remeasurements of defined-benefit obligations -110 -29
Fair value measurement of external shares -138 -125
Deferred tax on other comprehensive income 9 13 6
Sum -235 -147
Items that may subsequently be reclassified to profit or loss:
Cash flow hedges 8 1,300 -665
Translation difference -3,934 1, 274
Deferred tax on other comprehensive income 9 -440 171
Sum -3,075 780
Total other comprehensive income for the year -3,310 633
Total comprehensive income for the year 5,012 8,064
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
Owners of the parent 5,009 7 ,999
Non-controlling interests 3 65
Financial Statements
91
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 92]
Consolidated balance sheet
SEK million Note 2025 2024
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Intangible assets and goodwill 11, 16
Patents and unpatented know-how 4,667 1,945
Trademarks 974 1,172
Customer relations 297 –
Licenses, renting rights and similar rights 319 134
Internally generated intangible assets 467 678
Goodwill 29,722 25,630
Sum 36,445 29,559
Property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets 12, 16
Buildings and land 4,120 3,847
Machinery and other technical installations 4,529 3,635
Equipment, tools and installations 1,494 1,563
Assets under construction and advance payments 2,141 2,568
Right-of-use assets 13 3,572 2,877
Sum 15,856 14,490
Other non-current assets
Shares in associates and joint ventures 15, 27 294 248
Shares in other companies 27 12 184
Pension assets 25 180 269
Derivative assets 27, 28, 29 166 41
Deferred tax asset 9 2,243 1,942
Sum 2,895 2,684
Total non-current assets 55,196 46,733
Current assets
Inventories 17 15,548 15,574
Accounts receivable 3, 18, 27 9,949 10,258
Contract assets 3 5,052 4,000
Current tax assets 497 1,005
Other receivables 19, 27 2,598 2,580
Prepaid costs and accrued income 20, 27 937 635
Derivative assets 27, 28, 29 551 153
Current deposits 21, 27 707 450
Cash and cash equivalents 22, 27 7,1 24 7, 3 6 9
Assets held for sale 12 1 47
Total current assets 42,965 42,070
TOTAL ASSETS 98,161 88,803
Financial Statements
92
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 93]
SEK million Note 2025 2024
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity 23
Share capital 1,117 1,117
Other contributed capital 2,770 2,770
Other reserves -4,563 -1,300
Retained earnings 44,087 39,326
Equity attributable to owners of the parent 43,409 41,912
Non-controlling interests 24 344 369
Total equity 43,753 42,282
Non-current liabilities
Liabilities to credit institutions, etc. 2 7, 3 0 9,626 9,172
Lease liabilities 13, 27 3,333 1,805
Pension liability 25 984 945
Deferred tax liabilities 9 3,458 2,392
Provisions 26 582 434
Derivative liabilities 27, 28, 29 60 320
Total non-current liabilities 18,043 15,067
Current liabilities
Liabilities to credit institutions, etc. 2 7, 3 0 7, 5 9 0 1,102
Accounts payable 27 5,444 5,676
Contract liabilities 3 12,293 12,893
Current tax liabilities 1,605 1,455
Lease liabilities 13, 27 462 1,233
Other liabilities 2 7, 3 3 3,194 3,791
Provisions 26 1,936 1,858
Accrued costs and deferred income 2 7, 3 4 3,707 2,792
Derivative liabilities 27, 28, 29 133 654
Total current liabilities 36,365 31,454
Total liabilities 54,408 46,521
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 98,161 88,803
The structure of the consolidated balance sheet has been revised, and so the comparative period has been restated: see Note 1 for further details.
Financial Statements
93
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 94]
Changes in consolidated equity
Other reserves
SEK million
Share 
capital
Other 
contributed 
capital
Cash flow 
reserve
Fair value 
reserve
Translation 
reserve
Pension 
reserve
Retained 
earnings
Equity attrib -
utable to 
owners of 
the parent
Non-
controlling 
interests Total
As at December 31, 2023 1,117 2,770 -83 174 -862 -1,139 35,056 37,03 3 345 37,378
Comprehensive income
Net income for the year – – – – – – 7, 3 9 1 7, 3 9 1 41 7, 4 3 2
Other comprehensive 
income* – – -528 -125 1,284 -22 – 609 24 633
Total comprehensive 
income for the year – – -528 -125 1,284 -22 7, 3 9 1 7 ,999 65 8,064
Transactions with owners
Reduction of non-controlling 
interests – – – – – – -19 -19 -8 -27
Dividends – – – – – – -3,100 -3,100 -33 -3,133
As at December 31, 2024 1,117 2,770 -611 49 422 -1,161 39,328 41,912 369 42,282
Comprehensive income
Net income for the year – – – – – – 8,272 8,272 50 8,322
Other comprehensive 
income* – – 1,032 -138 -4,059 -97 – -3,262 -48 -3,310
Total comprehensive 
income for the year – – 1,032 -138 -4,059 -97 8,272 5,009 3 5,012
Transactions with owners
Dividends – – – – – – -3,513 -3,513 -28 -3,541
As at December 31, 2025 1,117 2,770 421 -89 -3,637 -1,258 44,087 43,409 344 43,753
* For non-controlling interests, the translation reserve amounts to SEK -48 million (24).
Financial Statements
94
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 95]
Consolidated cash flow statement
SEK million Note 2025 2024
Operating activities
Operating income 11,749 10,435
Adjustment for depreciation and amortization 2,503 2,418
Adjustment for change in provisions 391 -103
Adjustment for other non-cash items -84 78
Operating cash surplus 14,559 12,828
Taxes paid -2,719 -2,359
Cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital 11,840 10,469
Changes in working capital:
Increase (-) / decrease ( + ) in receivables -2,203 -593
Increase (-) / decrease ( + ) in inventories -1,226 16
Increase ( + ) / decrease (-) in liabilities 755 2,886
Increase (-) / decrease ( + ) in working capital -2,674 2,309
Cash flow from operating activities 9,166 12,778
Investing activities
Investments in non-current assets -2,660 -3,336
Disposal of non-current assets 155 105
Acquisition of businesses 16 -9,412 -50
Divestment of businesses 4 –
Cash flow from investing activities -11,913 -3,281
Financing activities
Interest paid and received -357 -337
Dividends received 9 –
Dividends to owners of the parent -3,513 -3,100
Dividends to non-controlling interests -28 -33
Amortization of lease liability -503 -619
Increase in loans 8,796 1,664
Amortization of loans -1,081 -4,850
Other cash flows from financing activities -408 -82
Cash flow from financing activities 2,915 - 7, 3 57
Cash flow for the year 168 2,140
Cash and cash equivalents at start of year 7, 3 6 9 5,135
Translation differences in cash and cash equivalents -413 94
Cash and cash equivalents at year-end 22 7,1 24 7, 369
Free cash flow per share (SEK) * 16.12 23.10
Investments in relation to net sales 3.8% 5.0%
Average number of shares 413,326,315 413,326,315
* Free cash flow is an alternative performance measure. It is the sum of cash flows from operating activities, investments and disposals of non-current assets. 
The structure of the consolidated cash flow statement has been revised, and so the comparative period has been restated: see Note 1 and Note 39 for further details. 
Financial Statements
95
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 96]
Parent Company income statement
SEK million Note 2025 2024
Administration costs -17 -16
Other operating costs -1 -10
Operating income -18 -26
Dividends from subsidiaries 1,182 406
Interest income and similar income 8 104 258
Interest costs and similar costs 8 -1 0
Result after financial items 1,267 638
Change in tax allocation reserve -10 355
Group contributions 1,835 599
Result before tax 3,093 1,592
Tax on net income for the year -385 -212
Net income for the year 2,708 1,379
* The Parent Company’s income statement also constitutes its statement of comprehensive income.
Financial Statements
96
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 97]
Parent Company balance sheet
SEK million Note 2025 2024
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Financial non-current assets
Shares in subsidiaries 14, 16 4,669 4,669
Current assets
Receivables from Group companies 6,509 7,1 3 0
Current tax assets – 172
Other receivables 4 4
Cash and cash equivalents 22 3 3
Total current assets 6,517 7, 3 0 9
TOTAL ASSETS 11,186 11,978
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
Restricted equity
Share capital 1,117 1,117
Statutory reserve 1,270 1,270
Total restricted equity 2,387 2,387
Unrestricted equity 23
Retained earnings 4,059 6,193
Net net income for the year 2,708 1,379
Total unrestricted equity  6,767 7, 5 73
Total equity 9,154 9,960
Untaxed reserves
Tax allocation reserve, taxation 2020 – 614
Tax allocation reserve, taxation 2021 99 99
Tax allocation reserve, taxation 2022 491 491
Tax allocation reserve, taxation 2024 438 438
Tax allocation reserve, taxation 2025 344 344
Tax allocation reserve, taxation 2026 623 –
Total untaxed reserves 1,996 1,986
Current liabilities
Liabilities to Group companies 24 28
Accounts payable 1 1
Other liabilities 10 3
Total current liabilities 36 32
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 11,186 11,978
Financial Statements
97
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 98]
Changes in Parent Company equity
SEK million Share capital Statutory reserve Unrestricted equity Total
As at December 31, 2023 1,117 1,270 9,293 11,680
Comprehensive income
Net income for the year – – 1,379 1,379
– – 1,379 1,379
Transactions with owners
Dividends – – -3,100 -3,100
As at December 31, 2024 1,117 1,270 7, 573 9,960
Comprehensive income
Net income for the year – – 2,708 2,708
– – 2,708 2,708
Transactions with owners
Dividends – – -3,513 3,513
As at December 31, 2025  1,117 1,270 6,767 9,154
The share capital of SEK 1,116,719,930 (1,116,719,930) is divided into 413,326,315 (413,326,315) shares.
Financial Statements
98
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 99]
Parent Company cash flow statement
SEK million 2025 2024
Operating activities
Operating income -18 -26
Taxes paid -214 -272
Cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital -232 -298
Changes in working capital:
Increase (-) / decrease ( + ) in receivables 1,858 1,418
Increase ( + ) / decrease (-) in liabilities 3 2
Increase (-) / decrease ( + ) in working capital 1,861 1,420
Cash flow from operating activities 1,629 1,122
Investing activities
Investments in subsidiaries – –
Cash flow from investing activities – –
Financing activities
Interest received 104 258
Interest paid -1 –
Dividends received from subsidiaries 1,182 406
Dividend paid -3,513 -3,100
Group contribution received 600 1,318
Group contributions paid -1 -4
Cash flow from financing activities -1,629 -1,122
Cash flow for the year 0 0
Cash and cash equivalents at start of year 3 3
Cash and cash equivalents at year-end 3 3
Financial Statements
99
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 100]
Notes
Note 1. Disclosure of material accounting policies
Alfa Laval is engaged in the development, production and sale of products 
and systems based on three core technologies: separation/filtration, 
heat transfer and fluid handling. Alfa Laval’s business is divided into three 
business divisions: Energy, Food & Water and Marine. These sell to external 
customers and are responsible for the manufacturing of the products. There 
is also an Other division covering corporate management and non-
core activities. Alfa Laval has customers in about a hundred countries.
Alfa Laval AB is a public limited liability company. The company’s head 
office is in Lund, and the company is registered in Sweden under the 
corporate registration number 556587-8054. The visiting address for 
head office is Rudeboksvägen 1, 226 55 Lund, Sweden, and the postal 
address is Box 73, 221 00 Lund. The Alfa Laval website can be found at 
www.alfalaval.com.
Unless otherwise stated, all amounts are reported in millions of Swed -
ish kronor (SEK million) and refer to the period January 1 – December 
31, 2025 for the income statement and cash flow items, and December 
31, 2025 for balance sheet items. Figures in brackets refer to the previ -
ous financial year.
The most significant accounting policies are presented in connection 
with the respective notes in order to ensure clarity and structure.
Statement of compliance
Alfa Laval applies IFRS® accounting standards as adopted by the 
European Union. The Annual Accounts Act and RFR 1 ‘Supplementary 
Accounting Rules for Corporate Groups’, issued by the Council for 
Sustainability and Financial Reporting in Sweden, are also applied. 
The Parent Company applies the same accounting policies as the 
Group, except in the cases stated under the section titled ‘Parent Com -
pany’s accounting policies’.
The information in this annual report is such information that Alfa Laval 
AB (publ) is required to disclose in accordance with the Securities 
Market Act. The contents of the annual report were determined on 3 
March 2026, and the annual report was approved for publication on 
23 March 2026. The financial statements will be adopted at the 
Annual General Meeting on 22 April 2026.
Cost method
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared according 
to the cost method, except for:
-  certain financial assets and liabilities, including derivatives, that are 
measured at fair value
-  defined benefit pension plans, for which the plan assets are measured 
at fair value
Amended accounting policies 2025
The revised and amended IFRS accounting standards that came into 
effect for the 2025 financial year have had no, or only very limited, 
impact on the Group’s financial statements.
The following standards became applicable from January 1, 2025:
• Amendments to IAS 21 – Lack of exchangeability
• Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 – Amendments to the classifica -
tion and measurement of financial instruments, and reporting of 
energy purchase agreements
The Group has analysed the impact of these changes and is of the opinion 
that they have had no material impact on the Group’s financial statements.
Previously applied accounting policies remain unchanged except for 
certain amendments to the presentation of the financial statements, 
which have been implemented as of January 1, 2025. The consolidated 
statement of comprehensive income has been divided into two separate 
statements: the consolidated income statement and the consolidated 
statement of comprehensive income. Furthermore, changes have been 
made to the presentation of the following financial statements: 
Consolidated income statement: The lines ‘Dividends and other 
financial income and costs’, ‘Interest income and financial exchange gains’ 
and ‘Interest costs and financial exchange losses’ have been combined 
into ‘Financial income’ and ‘Financial costs’, as specified in Note 8. 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income:  Comprehen-
sive income is now presented in a separate financial statement with a 
slightly modified layout to enhance clarity. 
Consolidated balance sheet:  Notes receivable were previously 
reported as other receivables, and notes payable were reported on a 
separate line. These items are now presented as accounts receivable 
and accounts payable as they are comparable to accounts receivable 
and accounts payable, respectively. As of 2025, contract assets and 
contract liabilities are also presented on separate lines in the balance 
sheet in order to clarify these items. Contract assets were previously 
recognized under other receivables, while contract liabilities were rec -
ognized under advances from customers and other liabilities. These 
changes have been applied retrospectively.
Consolidated cash flow statement:  The structure of the cash flow 
statement has been revised and the comparative periods have been 
restated accordingly. See Note 39 for a reconciliation between the 
previous and the new structure. 
In addition, the disclosure in Note 3 of Net sales by product group/
service has been condensed to show only Alfa Laval’s main product 
groups, including related service. This means that the previous catego -
ries ‘Marine environmental technologies’, ‘Related products’ and 
 ‘Service’ are now included in the other four categories. ‘Marine environ-
mental technologies’ and ‘Related products’ are included in ‘Other’, 
while ‘Service’ is allocated across all categories, as service is reported 
on the basis of the product type on which it was performed. 
Amended accounting policies for 2026 onwards
The following new and updated standards and interpretations have 
been issued by the IASB/IFRS Interpretations Committee but have not 
yet been adopted by the EU as at 10 December 2025. These will come 
into force for financial years beginning on or after January 1, 2026. The 
Group has not used the option of early application. The assessment is 
that none of these, with the exception of IFRS 18, is expected to have a 
material impact on the Group’s operations or financial statements.
• IFRS 19 Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Information
• IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
• Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 in respect of contracts relating 
to nature-dependent electricity and the classification and measure -
ment of financial instruments
• Amendments to IAS 21 – Translation to a hyperinflationary presenta -
tion currency.
IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements 
In April 2024, the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) 
published the new standard IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosures in 
Financial Statements, which replaces IAS 1 Presentation of Financial 
Statements. IFRS 18 includes new requirements that aim to increase 
comparability, transparency and usefulness in financial statements.
The most significant changes include:
• New requirements regarding the structure of the income statement 
through the introduction of categories and two new defined subtotals.
• Extended disclosure requirements for certain performance measures used 
in external financial communication, known as Management-  defined 
Notes
100
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 101]
Performance Measures (MPMs). For these, information is required on 
how the performance measure is calculated, as well as reconciliation 
to the nearest comparable subtotal in accordance with IFRS.
• Extended guidance on the aggregation and disaggregation of infor -
mation in financial statements and notes, as well as guidance on 
whether information should be presented in the primary financial 
statements or in the notes.
The implementation of IFRS 18 will also result in amendments to other 
standards, such as IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows, IAS 34 Interim 
Financial Reporting and IAS 33 Earnings per Share.
IFRS 18 will come into force on January 1, 2027 (subject to EU 
approval) and is to be applied retrospectively in both the annual report 
and interim reports. Alfa Laval has begun a preliminary analysis of the 
impact of IFRS 18 and will continue to evaluate the consequences 
during 2026. Implementation of the standard will require a review of 
the structure of the income statement, reclassification of items into new 
categories, and an assessment of how items are to be grouped and 
disclosed in the notes. The cash flow statement will also be affected. 
Additionally, relevant MPMs will be identified and the related disclo -
sures will be compiled in the notes.
Significant judgements
When applying accounting policies, management has made various 
judgements that may significantly affect the amounts reported in the 
financial statements. The most significant judgements have been 
made in the following areas:
• When classifying leases and determining lease terms, an assessment 
is made of whether an agreement falls within the scope of IFRS 16 
and whether extension and termination options should be included in 
the lease term. This requires analysis of the terms of the agreements 
and the company’s actual scope for manoeuvre.
• As regards the classification of holdings in companies, an assess -
ment is made of whether the Group has control, joint control or signifi -
cant influence over a holding. This assessment is based on ownership 
interests, agreements and other relevant factors that may influence 
the ability to direct activities.
• In the case of business combinations, an assessment is made of 
which intangible assets are to be identified and how these should be 
measured. This means that management analyses which assets fulfil 
the criteria for identifiability and determines their fair value at the 
acquisition date.
• In the case of revenue recognition in accordance with IFRS 15, an 
assessment is made of whether revenue should be recognized over 
time or at a specific point in time. This is determined on the basis of 
contractual terms and delivery obligations, analyses being made of 
when control over goods or services is transferred to the customer.
Significant estimates and assumptions
Preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported amounts. These estimates are 
based on management’s best assessment at the reporting date, but actual 
outcomes may differ from these assumptions. The areas that involve 
the most significant estimates and assumptions are described below:
Impairment testing of goodwill
Goodwill is not amortized. Instead, it is tested annually and whenever 
there is an indication of impairment. The testing is based on estimates 
and assumptions about future cash flows. The key assumptions con -
cern projected revenue growth and development of operating margins, 
based on historical performance, current market information and expected 
future developments. If profitability within the Group, or parts of it, 
declines in the future, the impact could be significant, as this may trig -
ger a substantial impairment of goodwill. Such an impairment would 
affect the net result and, consequently, the financial position of the Group.
Valuation in the event of acquisition of companies
When companies are acquired, estimates are made of the fair value of 
acquired assets and liabilities, including intangible assets and any 
contingent considerations. These estimates are based on assumptions 
regarding future cash flows, discount rates and the useful lives of intan -
gible assets identified.
Defined-benefit pension plans
The Group has identified the fact that its defined benefit pension plans 
involve uncertainty in estimates, although the risk of a material adjust -
ment is deemed limited. The plan assets are measured at fair value and 
the present value of the benefit obligations is determined through 
yearly actuarial calculations made by independent actuaries. If the 
value of the plan assets decreases while the actuarial assumptions 
increase the benefit obligations, the combined effect may result in a 
substantial deficit. However, the effect on profit and loss affects other 
comprehensive income only and not net income. The risk has been 
limited since many of these plans are closed to new participants and 
have been replaced by defined contribution plans.
Provisions for claims and disputes
Provisions are based on estimates of the probability and cost of prod -
uct claims and legal disputes. For product claims, estimates are made 
regarding the Group’s cost for the claims, including costs for replace -
ment products and compensation to customers for costs incurred due 
to the problem. For legal disputes, estimates are made of the antici -
pated exposure and outcome, which are subject to uncertainty as the 
outcome has not been determined.
Credit risk and provisions for credit losses
The Group estimates the risk of customers failing to meet their pay -
ment obligations, which affects both revenue recognition and the need 
for provisions for credit losses. The assessment is based on historical 
losses, customers’ ability to pay, overdue accounts receivable and the 
Group’s exposure to credit risk. These estimates form the basis for 
calculating the loss allowance in relation to total accounts receivable.
Obsolescence in inventories
Estimates of future sales are made for inventory items with low turn -
over. The value is written down according to an obsolescence sched -
ule, with an increasing percentage of write-downs for each year the 
inventory is expected to remain. If there has been no demand at all for 
an inventory item in the past two years, the value is written down to zero 
regardless of whether there might be future demand.
Current and deferred tax assets and liabilities
The main assessment relates to deferred tax assets on tax loss carry -
forwards, which includes an analysis of the likelihood that these will be 
utilized against future taxable profits. The actual value of these future 
taxable profits is difficult to assess as this depends on future macro -
economic developments, the company’s earning capacity and poten -
tial changes in tax regulations.
Climate-related risks
In 2024, Alfa Laval carried out a general assessment of climate-related 
risks and opportunities, focusing on both physical risks and transition 
risks. The analysis covered all operating sites and assets, including 
major production facilities in Sweden, Denmark, China, India and the 
US. The analysis of physical risks focused on the Group’s own opera -
tions and assets, while the analysis of transition risks also took into 
account the upstream and downstream value chain. The analysis indi -
cated that certain properties, primarily in China, India and South-east 
Asia, may be exposed to climate-related hazards, in particular increas -
ing precipitation volumes and extreme heat, particularly in scenarios 
involving greater global warming. In 2025, Alfa Laval initiated a project 
to evaluate potential climate adaptation measures at selected sites.
Notes
101
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 102]
Financial impact
Climate-related risks may affect the Group’s financial statements due 
to effects on assets, earnings and cash flows, including:
Physical risks: Increased precipitation and extreme heat may result in 
damage to facilities, higher maintenance costs and potential disrup -
tions to production. Such incidents may also result in increased invest -
ment needs for climate adaptation; and also impairments of assets, if 
the impact is material.
Transition risks: Changes in policy, technology and markets in connec -
tion with the transition to a lower-emissions economy may impact mar -
ket demand for Alfa Laval’s products and solutions, and hence future 
revenues and cash flows. The most significant climate-related risk was 
assessed potentially to arise in a scenario in which the green energy 
transition slows down substantially, which could affect demand.
Measures and opportunities
In 2025, Alfa Laval prepared a transition plan for climate action that is 
aligned with the Group’s targets, and also initiated climate adaptation 
efforts at vulnerable facilities. Examples of key measures include:
•  Climate adaptation: evaluation of potential measures at sites that 
are vulnerable to climate-related hazards.
• Reduced emissions within its own operations: electrification and phase-
out of fossil fuels, procurement of renewable electricity and enhanced 
energy efficiency. Many of Alfa Laval’s own buildings are currently using 
natural gas for heating, and these systems are primarily being replaced 
with heat pump solutions powered by renewable electricity and, where 
possible, connection to renewable district heating networks. By 2027, 
around EUR 30 million will be invested in heat pumps for heating and 
cooling, as well as other renewable technologies. Alfa Laval is also 
working on continuously electrification of gas-fired process equip -
ment, or replacement of such equipment with renewable alternatives.
• Renewable electricity: around 97 percent of the electricity used 
comes from renewable sources, with a target of 100 percent by the 
end of 2027, including through EACs (Energy Attribute Certificates) 
and the expansion of in-house electricity generation via solar cell 
installations.
• Development of product portfolio and energy efficiency: continued 
development of products and solutions that can be used with renew -
able fuels and that contribute to greater energy efficiency during the 
use phase. By way of example, investments within the Marine division 
are being made in technology development for boilers, heaters and 
cargo pumps. The service offering is undergoing further development 
by means of upgradeable products, intelligent monitoring and predic -
tive maintenance, which can improve energy efficiency and extend 
equipment service life.
• Collaboration with suppliers: collaboration takes place in order to 
increase the use of metals with lower emissions in the Group’s prod -
ucts. In particular, this includes metals such as stainless steel, carbon 
steel and titanium, which account for a large proportion of emissions 
linked with the purchase of raw materials and components. This work 
focuses on collaborating with suppliers that are able to provide met -
als with a low carbon footprint and a high proportion of recycled 
material, and that are produced by means of fossil-free processes.
Alfa Laval’s climate-related risks are deemed primarily to relate to 
physical exposure at certain properties, as well as transition risks linked 
to developments in the energy transition and market demand. The 
Group is expected to strengthen its ability to manage identified risks 
and potential financial impacts by means of climate adaptation initia -
tives that have been initiated and the implementation of the transition 
plan. At the same time, there are significant opportunities for business 
development and growth in connection with the global transition 
towards a more sustainable economy.
Functional currency and currency translation
Alfa Laval AB’s functional currency is Swedish kronor (SEK), which is 
also the Group’s reporting currency for financial reports. 
Foreign exchange gains and losses related to accounts receivable, 
accounts payable and other receivables and liabilities related to oper -
ating activities are included in other operating income and operating 
costs. Foreign exchange gains and losses related to other financial 
assets and liabilities are recognized in net financial items.
In the Group, exchange rate gains and losses related to loans in foreign 
currency, which finance the acquisition of foreign subsidiaries, are 
transferred to other comprehensive income as an adjustment of the 
translation difference if the loans act as a hedge for the acquired net 
assets. These offset the translation difference that arises during the 
consolidation of the foreign subsidiaries. In the Parent Company, these 
exchange differences are reported above net income.
Almost all Alfa Laval subsidiaries are affected by changes in exchange 
rates for their intra-group purchases. However, they usually sell in local 
currency and most of their non-product-related and personnel-related 
costs are in their local currency. Alfa Laval’s subsidiaries report in func -
tional currency, which is normally the same as the local currency in 
each country. Subsidiaries in hyperinflationary countries may have a 
functional currency different from the local currency and therefore 
report in the currency defined for the country in question.
Foreign subsidiaries are translated into SEK using the closing rate 
method, whereby balance sheet items are translated at the closing rate 
and income statement items at the average rate for the year. The trans -
lation difference that arises is an effect of the net assets in foreign sub -
sidiaries being translated at a different rate at the end of the year than 
at the beginning, and the result being translated at the average rate. 
The translation difference is reported in other comprehensive income.
Other operating income and other operating costs
Other operating income relates to for instance commission, royalty and 
licence income. Other operating costs refer mainly to restructuring costs 
and royalty costs. Comparison distortion items that affect the operating 
income are reported in other operating income and other operating costs.
Shares in other companies
Shares in other companies refer to investments in which the Group 
does not have significant influence. These assets are recognized and 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends 
from these investments are recognized in profit or loss.
Parent Company’s accounting policies
The Parent Company has prepared its annual report in accordance 
with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act and the recommendation RFR 
2 ‘Accounting for Legal Entities’, issued by the Council for Sustainability 
and Financial Reporting in Sweden. The policies for the Parent Com -
pany are unchanged compared to the previous year. Differences 
between the Group’s and the Parent Company’s accounting policies 
are specified below.
Subsidiaries
Participations in subsidiaries are reported in the Parent Company in 
accordance with the cost method. Transaction costs arising from busi -
ness acquisitions are reported as shares in subsidiaries. The value of 
the shares is evaluated through an impairment test at least once a year. 
Dividends received are reported as financial income.
Presentation of the income statement and balance sheet
The Parent Company follows the format for income statements and 
balance sheets specified in the Swedish Annual Accounts Act. This 
includes, among other things, a different presentation of equity and the 
separate presentation of untaxed reserves as a distinct line item in the 
balance sheet.
Group contributions to and from the Parent Company
The Parent Company reports group contributions according to the 
alternative rule in RFR 2. This means that group contributions both received 
and given are reported as appropriations in the income statement.
Notes
102
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 103]
Note 2. Segment reporting
Accounting policies
Alfa Laval’s operating segments are made up of its divisions. Alfa 
Laval’s business is divided into divisions: Energy, Food & Water and 
Marine. These sell to external customers and are responsible for the 
manufacturing of the products. There is also an Other division cover -
ing corporate management and non-core activities. The divisions 
constitute Alfa Laval’s operating segments and reflect how the 
Group is organized and managed. At Alfa Laval, the company’s 
Board of Directors is the chief operating decision maker. 
The Energy division sells products and systems for energy appli -
cations, and the Food & Water division sells products and systems 
for food and water applications. The Marine division sells products, 
systems and digital solutions for marine and offshore applications. 
The divisions, in turn, are divided into a number of business units.
Adjusted EBITA is the Group’s most important alternative performance 
measure and is monitored at a divisional level. The operating seg -
ments are responsible for the result down to and including Adjusted 
EBITA, and for the working capital that they manage. Financial assets 
and liabilities, pension assets and liabilities, and current and deferred 
tax items are managed at Group level (Corporate) and are not included 
in the responsibilities of the segments. Similarly, net financial items 
and income taxes are the responsibility of the Group as a whole.
The operating segments are measured solely on the basis of their 
transactions with external parties.
In 2025, Alfa Laval conducted a strategic review of the company’s 
capabilities and position as a global technology leader in order to 
serve customers worldwide more effectively and create even stron -
ger conditions for growth. As of January 1, 2026, two of the divisions 
will undergo name changes in order to reflect their strategic priorities 
more accurately. 
• The former Marine division will be renamed the Ocean division.
• The former Food & Water division will be renamed the Food & 
Pharma division.
• The Energy division will retain its current name. 
2025, SEK million Energy Food & Water Marine Operations & Other Corporate* Total
Order intake 20,984 24,311 21,448 – – 66,742
Order book 12,299 12,719 23,241 – – 48,259
Net sales 20,250 25,635 23,790 – – 69,674
Adjusted EBITDA 3,959 4,317 5,770 207 – 14,252
Amortization excl. step up values -524 -435 -337 -623 – -1,919
Adjusted EBITA 3,435 3,882 5,433 -416 – 12,334
Amortization of step up values -147 -232 -201 -4 – -584
Operating income 3,288 3,650 5,232 -420 – 11,749
Investments 992 434 548 686 – 2,660
Assets 29,731 20,968 28,398 161 18,903 98,161
Liabilities 7 ,163 8,191 9,587 209 29,258 54,408
2024, SEK million Energy Food & Water Marine Operations & Other Corporate* Total
Order intake 20,047 24,847 29,699 0 – 74,592
Order book 10,590 14,926 26,803 0 – 52,319
Net sales 19,330 25,742 21,881 0 – 66,954
Adjusted EBITDA 4,254 4,349 4,370 -117 – 12,856
Amortization excl. step up values -514 -527 -353 -374 – -1,768
Adjusted EBITA 3,740 3,822 4,017 -491 – 11,088
Amortization of step up values -42 -243 -364 – – -649
Operating income 3,698 3,579 3,653 -491 – 10,439
Investments 1,337 499 390 1,112 – 3,338
Assets 20,378 22,659 30,065 2,093 13,608 88,803
Liabilities 7 ,352 8,960 10,382 948 18,880 39,922
* Corporate comprises balance sheet items that are interest-bearing or attributable to taxes.
Notes
103
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 104]
Non-current assets by geographical area
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Sweden 5,607 4,360
Denmark 5,165 5,536
France 10,219 1,203
Other EU 8,040 8,591
Norway 12,675 13,340
Rest of Europe 911 409
USA 4,513 4,735
Other North America 137 159
Latin America 305 313
Africa 6 6
Asia 4,778 5,333
Oceania 113 106
Total 52,467 44,090
Other non-current securities holdings 306 432
Pension assets 180 269
Deferred tax receivables 2,243 1,942
Total 55,196 46,733
Investments by geographical area
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Sweden 788 1,152
Italy 302 636
Other EU 236 370
Rest of Europe 525 311
North America 293 205
Latin America 29 42
Africa 6 0
China 359 347
Other Asia 118 268
Oceania 4 5
Total 2,660 3,336
Note 3. Revenue from contracts with customers
Accounting policies
Net sales in the Group’s income statement are made up of revenue 
from contracts with customers and include the sales value after 
deduction of commodity taxes, returns, late delivery penalties and 
discounts. Contracts relate to sale of goods, services and projects.
Revenue is recognized when Alfa Laval fulfils a performance obliga -
tion by transferring control of a product or service to the customer. 
Performance obligations can be satisfied either over time or at a 
certain point in time, depending on the nature of the contract. Reve -
nue is recognized over time if any of the following criteria are met:
• The customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits 
provided by Alfa Laval’s performance, which normally applies to 
service offerings.
• Alfa Laval creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls 
as the work progresses, such as during installation or commission -
ing at the customer’s facility.
• The performance obligation does not create an asset with an alter -
native use for Alfa Laval, and the company has a right to payment 
for the performance completed to date. The assessment of alter -
native use is based on whether the product or solution can be sold 
to another customer. If a large number of engineering hours are 
invested in making a product or process solution customer-spe -
cific, this is a strong indication that there is no alternative use. As a 
practical expedient, therefore, only orders with a value in excess of 
EUR 1 million and requiring more than 200 engineering hours are 
recognized over time.
In cases where revenue is not recognized over time, it is recognized 
at a certain point in time when control is transferred to the customer.
Alfa Laval often provides warranties in connection with sales. The 
scope of the warranty varies from contract to contract, but it gener -
ally aims to ensure that the product works in accordance with 
agreed specifications. These warranties usually cover a period of 12 
months and are recognized as a provision.
Distribution of net sales by geographical market
2025 2024
Group, SEK million Energy Food & Water Marine Total Energy Food & Water Marine Total
Sweden 564 823 58 1,446 450 699 83 1,232
Other EU 5,232 6,406 3,746 15,384 5,427 5,968 3,923 15,319
Rest of Europe 1,153 1,354 2,307 4,813 988 1,119 2,654 4,760
USA 4,321 5,940 1,054 11,316 4,223 6,123 995 11,341
Other North America 815 541 190 1,547 751 1,091 181 2,023
Latin America 979 2,359 632 3,970 911 1,953 780 3,645
Africa 229 712 365 1,306 255 604 357 1,217
China 2,664 2,689 7, 8 8 4 13,237 2,181 2,671 5,226 10,078
South Korea 975 283 3,447 4,705 683 259 3,351 4,293
Other Asia 3,100 4,082 4,004 11,185 3,107 4,754 4,236 12,097
Oceania 219 445 101 764 354 502 93 949
Total 20,250 25,635 23,790 69,674 19,330 25,742 21,881 66,954
Notes
104
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 105]
Net sales are reported by country on the basis of invoicing address, 
which is normally the same as the delivery address. Countries with 
more than 10 percent of either net sales, non-current assets or invest -
ments are reported separately.
Alfa Laval has no one customer accounting for 10 percent or more of 
net sales.
Distribution of net sales by product group/service
2025 2024
Group, SEK million Energy Food & Water Marine Total Energy Food & Water Marine Total
Separation 1,405 7, 4 9 8 3,124 12,028 1,412 7, 5 8 3 3,057 12,051
Heat transfer 18,683 3,854 6,220 28,756 17, 9 07 4,077 5,903 2 7, 8 8 6
Fluid handling 161 7, 5 3 6 10,841 18,539 12 7,14 6 8,821 15,979
Other 1 6,747 3,604 10,352 0 6,937 4,100 11,038
Total 20,250 25,635 23,790 69,674 19,330 25,742 21,881 66,954
The classification of proprietary products and services within separa -
tion, heat transfer and fluid handling is a reflection of Alfa Laval’s three 
core technologies. Other comprises proprietary products and services 
outside these three areas. This category also includes purchased prod -
ucts that complement the Alfa Laval product offering. Service is distrib -
uted across all categories and covers all types of service and service 
agreements, excluding spare parts.
Net sales from contracts with customers, details 
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Type of revenue:
Contracts with customers 69,674 66,954
Contract duration:
Less than 1 year 53,180 52,135
More than 1 year 16,495 14,820
Total net sales 69,674 66,954
Time of revenue recognition:
Revenue recognized at a given point in time 54,693 54,673
Revenue recognized over time 14,981 12,282
Total net sales 69,674 66,954
Revenue recognized during the year:
Included in the contract liability at the beginning of the 
year 6,484 5,344
From performance obligations fulfilled in previous 
periods 1,199 1,421
100 (100) percent of total net sales relate to revenue from contracts 
with customers.
Contract balances
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Accounts receivable (Note 18) 9,949 10,258
Contract assets 5,052 4,000
Contract liabilities 12,293 12,893
A contract asset represents the Group’s right to receive payment for 
goods or services transferred to a customer in accordance with agreed 
performance obligations. This includes obligations that have not yet 
been invoiced, as well as work in progress. A contract asset related to 
work in progress represents the right to payment for work completed, 
which is dependent on the Group fulfilling its contractual obligations.
A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods 
or services to a customer for which payment has been received or is 
due. This includes advance payments from customers and deferred 
income for performance obligations invoiced but not yet satisfied.
Note 4. Employees
Average number of employees, full-time equivalents
Number of female 
employees
Total number of 
employees
Group 2025 2024 2025 2024
Parent Company – – – –
Subsidiaries in Sweden 874 840 3,129 3,081
Subsidiaries in other countries 4,532 4,199 20,010 18,826
Total 5,407 5,039 23,140 21,907
Notes
105
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 106]
Average number of employees – by country/district
Number of female employees Total number of employees
Group 2025 2024 2025 2024
Argentina 22 18 70 63
Australia 18 17 100 90
Austria 4 3 20 17
Belgium 45 32 160 155
Brazil 161 154 691 669
Bulgaria 12 11 35 28
Canada 26 25 115 107
Chile 6 6 35 38
China 1,014 902 4,430 4,100
Colombia 22 20 60 48
Czech Republic 7 7 30 30
Denmark 550 517 2,000 1,944
Finland 42 38 145 133
France 276 247 1,309 1,143
Germany 79 72 288 280
Greece 14 14 42 41
Hong Kong 17 16 34 34
Hungary 3 3 13 11
India 240 218 2,108 2,032
Indonesia 41 37 166 148
Italy 146 197 882 863
Japan 64 68 252 256
Korea 67 59 354 345
Latvia 4 4 9 9
Lithuania 20 12 113 93
Malaysia 95 95 243 246
Mexico 25 24 97 88
Netherlands 96 106 341 386
New Zealand 2 2 22 21
Norway 382 304 1,727 1,480
Panama 11 12 23 20
Peru 7 8 28 27
Philippines 21 18 52 46
Poland 182 160 630 587
Portugal 4 4 8 8
Qatar 0 – 10 9
Romania 6 3 12 13
Russia 2 3 3 6
Saudi Arabia 2 2 45 38
Singapore 82 86 289 290
Slovakia 4 3 12 11
Slovenia 7 7 16 15
South Africa 17 17 49 48
Spain 38 32 189 185
Sweden 874 840 3,129 3,081
Switzerland 27 3 57 11
Thailand 24 21 74 66
Turkey 19 17 79 78
Ukraine 1 1 9 9
United Arab Emirates 40 31 134 112
United Kingdom 90 88 377 380
USA 439 446 1,973 1,920
Vietnam 12 11 49 52
Total 5,407 5,039 23,140 21,907
Gender distribution
2025 2024
Group Total Men, % Women, % Total Men, % Women, %
Board members (excluding deputies) 13 69 31 12 75 25
CEO and Group Management 8 87 13 8 75 25
The Board of Directors has changed from 3 women and 9 men to 4 women and 9 men ( +1 woman). The executive management team has changed from 
2 women and 6 men to 1 woman and 7 men (–1 woman). The company works to achieve more balanced gender distribution by integrating diversity 
objectives into the recruitment process.
Notes
106
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 107]
Note 5. Salaries and remuneration
Salaries and remuneration – total
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Salaries and remuneration 13,791 13,125
Social security contributions 2,420 2,292
Pension costs, defined benefit plans 98 99
Pension costs, defined contribution plans 1,054 947
Total personnel costs 17, 36 3 16,463
The Swedish ITP plan is a multi-employer plan insured by Alecta. It is 
a defined benefit plan, but since the plan assets and liabilities cannot 
be allocated to each employer, it is reported as a defined contribution 
plan in accordance with IAS 19. The design of the plan does not allow 
Alecta to provide each employer with its share of the assets and obli -
gations, nor with the information required for disclosure. The cost for 
the plan is reported above, together with the costs for other defined 
contribution plans. Alecta reported a collective consolidation level of 
167 (162) percent at December 31, 2025. The collective consolidation 
level is defined as the fair value of Alecta’s plan assets as a percentage 
of the insured pension commitments calculated according to Alecta’s 
actuarial assumptions, which are not in accordance with IAS 19. Such 
a surplus can be distributed among the employers or the beneficiaries, 
but there is no agreement in place that would allow the company to 
recognize a receivable from Alecta.
Share-based remuneration
No share-based remuneration existed within Alfa Laval during the 
period 2024 to 2025.
Variable remuneration
All employees have either a fixed salary or a fixed base salary. For 
certain personnel categories, the remuneration package also includes 
a variable element. This relates to employee categories for whom it is 
customary, or part of a market-based offer, to pay a variable compo -
nent. Variable remuneration is most common in sales-related roles and 
senior management positions. The variable element normally consti -
tutes a minor part of the total remuneration package.
Cash-based long-term incentive programme
In 2025, the Board resolved to implement an additional phase of the 
cash-based long-term incentive programme for a maximum of 150 
senior managers in the Group, including the President and those 
defined as senior executives. The outcome of the programme depends 
on how the adjusted EBITA margin and the net sales growth have 
developed during the three-year period, with a 50/50 weighting 
between the targets. This means that no allocation will be made during 
the first two years, since it is only in the third year that the extent to 
which the targets have been achieved can be determined. The maxi -
mum payout will be made when the targets are exceeded. The remu -
neration from the long-term incentive programme may amount to a 
maximum of 25, 40 or 50 percent of fixed remuneration, depending on 
position. Payment to programme participants will be made after year 
three, provided that they remain employed at the payment date (except 
in cases where employment has ended due to retirement, death or 
illness). If the employee resigns or is dismissed before the end of the 
three-year period, the employee will not be entitled to any payment. 
If the employee moves to a position that is not eligible to participate 
in this programme, a pro-rata payment will be made after the end of 
the three-year period. Payments made under the long-term incentive 
programme normally do not affect pensionable salary or holiday pay. 
Three phases of the programme run in parallel each year.
The financial targets were:
Long-term incentive programmes
Financial targets
Threshold Maximum
Adjusted EBITA margin (%) 14 17
Net sales growth (%) 4 7
Award (%) if achieved 0 100
The actual outcome and the resulting allocation were:
Long-term incentive programmes
Group Outcome
Award (%)Plan 2023–2025 2023 2024 2025 Average
Adjusted EBITA margin 
(%) 16.1 16.6 17.7 16.8 93.33
Net sales growth (%) 22 5 4 10.5 100.00
Outcome
Award (%)Plan 2022–2024 2022 2023 2024 Average
Adjusted EBITA margin 
(%) 15.8 16.1 16.6 16.2 73.33
Net sales growth (%) 27 22 5 18 100.00
Outcome
Award (%)Plan 2021–2023 2021 2022 2023 Average
Adjusted EBITA margin 
(%) 17.4 15.8 16.1 16.4 80.00
Net sales growth (%) -1 27 22 16 100.00
There are three maximum bonus levels in the plan, and the allocations 
for the different levels and the total cost of the plan were as follows:
Long-term incentive programmes, award
Group
Outcome as a percentage per 
maximum bonus level
Total 
cost, SEK 
million Paid in25% 40% 50%
Plan 2023–2025 24.2 38.7 48.3 67 2026
Plan 2022–2024 21.5 34.5 43.0 60 2025
Plan 2021–2023 22.5 36.0 45.0 51 2024
Notes
107
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 108]
Guidelines for remuneration to senior executives
The guidelines for remuneration to senior executives are determined 
by the Annual General Meeting. The complete guidelines are pre -
sented in section about corporate governance. Remuneration to the 
President and CEO is determined by the Board of Directors based on 
proposals from the Remuneration Committee, in accordance with the 
guidelines adopted by the Annual General Meeting. Remuneration to 
other senior executives is determined by the Remuneration Committee 
in accordance with the same guidelines. The principle applied when 
determining remuneration to senior executives is to offer market-com -
petitive remuneration, where the remuneration package is primarily 
based on a fixed monthly salary, with the possibility of a company car 
and, in addition, a variable component of up to 50 percent of salary 
(up to 60 percent for the President and CEO). The outcome of the 
variable component depends on the degree to which defined financial 
targets are achieved, and to a limited extent on qualitative targets as 
well. The guidelines for pensions, notice periods and severance pay 
differ between the President and CEO and other senior executives, as 
presented in the table below.
Salaries and remuneration to Group Management
Group Management
President and CEO Other senior executives
Group, SEK thousands 2025 2024 2025 2024
Fixed remuneration
Base salary 17, 6 0 1 16,297 30,096 30,522
Other benefits 1) 922 502 4,670 2,722
Variable remuneration 2)
Variable salary 8,605 7, 9 1 6 9,562 10,788
Cash-based long-term incentive programme 7,0 6 1 6,984 9,047 10,400
Total salary and remuneration 34,189 31,700 53,375 54,432
Pension costs
Retirement and survivor pensions 3) 8,591 8,335 8,091 10,377
Life, disability and healthcare insurance 4) 53 47 176 497
Total pension costs 8,644 8,382 8,267 10,874
Total remuneration including pensions 42,833 40,082 61,642 65,306
Proportion of fixed and variable remuneration
Fixed remuneration including fixed pension costs 63% 63% 70% 63%
Variable remuneration including variable pension costs 37% 37% 30% 37%
Variable salary (STI)
Non-guaranteed target as a percentage of base salary 30% 30% 25% Not set
Maximum as a percentage of base salary 60% 60% 50% 50%
Cash-based long-term incentive programme
Award for the year 5) 7,0 6 1 7,0 6 2 9,047 11,817
Earned but unpaid allocations as at December 31 8,507 7,0 6 2 11,615 11,817
Early retirement commitment 6) No No No Yes
Commitment regarding severance pay Yes7) Yes7) Yes8) Yes8)
Commitment regarding old-age and survivors’ pensions 9) 9) 10) 10)
1) The value of company car, housing benefit, taxable travel allowances, holiday pay and cash 
payment for unused holiday entitlement.
2) Refers to amounts paid during the year.
3) Defined contribution.
4) Defined benefit.
5) Based on current base salary.
6) From the age of 62. A defined contribution early retirement solution with a premium of 15 
percent of the pensionable salary.
7)  If Alfa Laval terminates his employment, he will receive 12 months of base salary. 
8) Maximum 2 annual salaries. These commitments define the conditions that must be met 
for compensation to be paid.
9) Not covered by the ITP plan. Has a defined contribution benefit amounting to 50 percent of 
the base salary. In addition, he may allocate salary and variable salary components to a 
temporary old-age and survivors’ pension.
10) For salaries above 30 base amounts, there is a defined contribution pension solution with 
a premium of 30 percent of pensionable salary on the portion exceeding 30 base amounts. 
In addition, they may allocate salary and variable salary components to a temporary 
old-age and survivors’ pension.
Notes
108
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 109]
Several changes took place in the Group Management team during 
the year. Pascal Gimenez ended his employment on 3January 1, 2025, 
and the role of President for Human Resources was held on an interim 
basis by Anne Isachsen between 1 February and 30 September. 
Joakim Vilson took over the role on 1 October 2025. On the same date, 
Joakim Vilson was replaced by Julien Gennetier in the role of President 
for Sales and Services. Julien was previously in charge of the Gasketed 
Plate Heat Exchangers business unit. Martijn Bergink took over the 
role of President of the Marine division on 1 December 2025, replacing 
Sameer Kalra, who retired. In 2024, Sammy Hulpiau assumed the role 
of President of the Food & Water division on 1 September 2024, replac -
ing Nish Patel. Each person’s costs are included in the table above for 
the period during which they were part of Group Management.
Board of Directors
For 2025, the Board receives fixed fees totalling SEK 9,715 (8,375) 
thousand, which are allocated among the Directors appointed by 
the Annual General Meeting who are not employees of the company. 
These Directors receive no variable remuneration.
Remunerations to Directors*
Group, SEK thousands 2025 2024
Fees per assignment:
Chair of the Board 2,190 2,050
Other Directors 730 680
Additional fees to:
Chair of the Audit Committee 350 325
Other Directors on the Audit Committee 175 160
Chair of the Remuneration Committee 85 80
Other Directors on the Remuneration 
Committee 85 80
Fees per individual:
Dennis Jönsson Chair 2,450 2,290
Lilian Fossum Biner Director 905 840
Annica Bresky Director 730 –
Nadine Crauwels Director 730 680
Henrik Lange Director 1,080 1,005
Ray Mauritsson Director 730 680
Anna Müller Director 730 680
Finn Rausing Director 730 680
Jörn Rausing Director 815 760
Ulf Wiinberg Director 815 760
Total 9,715 8,375
* Elected at the Annual General Meeting and not employed by the company.
The disclosed remuneration relates to the period between two Annual 
General Meetings. The Chair of the Board has no agreement with Alfa 
Laval regarding future pension benefits or severance pay. 
The Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee have had the 
following Directors during the past two years:
Audit Committee: 2025 2024
Chair Henrik Lange Henrik Lange
Other Director Dennis Jönsson Dennis Jönsson
Other Director Lilian Fossum Biner Lilian Fossum Biner
Remuneration Committee:
Chair Dennis Jönsson Dennis Jönsson
Other Director Ulf Wiinberg Ulf Wiinberg
Other Director Jörn Rausing Jörn Rausing
The Directors on the committees are appointed at the statutory Board 
meeting held immediately after the Annual General Meeting.
Note 6. Auditors’ fees
The line ‘Group auditors’ in the table below refers to the auditors 
appointed by the Annual General Meeting for Alfa Laval AB (publ). The 
Annual General Meetings in 2024 and 2025 resolved to appoint EY as 
the Group’s auditors for the coming year.
Fees and expense reimbursement
2025
Group, SEK million Group auditors Other audit firms Total
Audit engagements  61 2 63
Other audit services 2 0 2
Tax advisory services 10 15 25
Other services 2 8 10
Costs 1 0 1
Total 76 26 102
2024
Group, SEK million Group auditors Other audit firms Total
Audit engagements 60 2 62
Other audit services 2 0 2
Tax advisory services 8 21 29
Other services 5 4 9
Costs 0 0 0
Total 75 27 102
An audit engagement includes the audit of the annual report, the evalua-
tion of the accounting policies applied and significant judgements made 
by management, as well as the assessment of the overall presentation of 
the annual report. It also includes the audit required to provide an opinion 
on the discharge of the Board of Directors from liability. Other audit ser-
vices are services that fall outside the audit engagement. T ax advisory 
services refer to advisory work relating to various tax matters. All other 
assignments are defined as other services. Costs refer to reimbursement 
for outlays such as travel costs, etc.
Note 7 . Depreciation and amortization
Allocated by function
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Cost of goods sold -1,487 -1,473
Sales -465 -351
Administration -305 -283
Research and development -36 -45
Other income and costs -210 -265
Total -2,503 -2,418
Notes
109
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 110]
Note 8. Financial income and costs
Group Parent Company
SEK million 2025 2024 2025 2024
Interest income from subsidiaries – – 102 256
Interest income – external 166 168 2 2
Interest income, leasing 1 2 – –
Unrealized foreign exchange gains 54 52 – –
Realized foreign exchange gains 49 50 – –
Dividends from other companies 9 0 – –
Gain on sale of securities 2 10 – –
Change in fair value of securities 11 3 – –
Financial income 292 284 104 258
Interest costs – external -412 -384 -1 0
Interest costs, leasing -159 -109 – –
Unrealized foreign exchange gains -137 -10 – –
Realized foreign exchange gains -136 -221 – –
Financial costs -844 -724 -1 0
External interest costs consist mainly of interest on the bank syndicate loan of SEK -17 (-20) million, the bilateral loans of SEK -125 (-104) million, the 
bonds of SEK -195 (-134) million and the commercial paper programme of SEK 0 (-12) million.
Within the Group, recognized net foreign exchange differences of SEK 765 (-184) million relating to liabilities in foreign currencies have been reclassi -
fied to other comprehensive income. These debts finance the acquisition of shares in foreign subsidiaries and act as a hedge to the acquired net 
assets. The amount is subject to tax, resulting in a net after tax effect on other comprehensive income of SEK 607 (-146) million.
Note 9. Current and deferred taxes
Accounting policies
Income taxes include both current and deferred taxes. These are 
recognized in the income statement unless the underlying transac -
tion is recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. 
In such cases, the tax is recognized in the same manner. Current tax 
refers to the tax payable or receivable for the current year, based on 
the tax rates enacted at the balance sheet date, and includes adjust -
ments relating to prior years. Current tax liabilities and tax assets are 
offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset and the inten -
tion to settle on a net basis. Deferred tax is recognized in accordance 
with the balance sheet method. Deferred tax is calculated using the 
tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively 
enacted as at the balance sheet date and that are expected to apply 
when the deferred tax asset is realized or the deferred tax liability is 
settled. Deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is 
probable that they can be utilized against future taxable profits.
Regarding the Pillar II rules, the Group has applied the temporary 
relief issued by the IASB in May 2023, from the deferred tax account -
ing requirements in IAS 12. Accordingly, the Group neither recog -
nizes nor discloses information about deferred tax assets and 
liabilities related to Pillar II income taxes.
Tax on net net income for the year
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Major components of the Group’s tax expense:
Current tax expense for the period -2,886 -2,632
Adjustment of current tax relating to prior periods -40 117
Deferred tax expense/income relating to temporary differences 164 17
Deferred tax expense/income relating to changes in tax rates or the introduction of new taxes -2 1
Previously unrecognized tax assets relating to tax loss carry-forwards 1 1
Previously unrecognized deferred tax assets relating to tax loss carry-forwards and temporary differences 0 1
Deferred tax expense relating to a reduction of a deferred tax asset, or deferred tax income relating to the reversal of a 
previous reduction -18 14
Other taxes -95 -83
Total tax cost -2,875 -2,564
Other taxes relate to withholding tax on dividends, etc.
Notes
110
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 111]
Tax on other comprehensive income for the year
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Major components of the Group’s tax expense
Deferred tax on:
Cash flow hedges -268 137
Translation difference -173 34
Remeasurements of defined-benefit obligations 14 7
Total tax cost -427 178
The difference between the Group’s actual tax expense and the 
tax expense based on applicable tax rates consists of the following 
components:
Reconciliation of tax expense
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Result after financial items 11,198 9,996
Tax at the applicable tax rate -2,588 -2,040
Tax effects of:
Non-deductible costs -429 -355
Non-taxable income 267 308
Differences between accounting depreciation and tax 
depreciation 0 1
Differences between other reported appropriations 
and tax appropriations -8 -249
Tax deductions from prior years 27 4
Adjustment of current tax relating to prior periods -53 -150
Adjustment of deferred tax 2 –
Miscellaneous information -95 -83
Total tax cost -2,875 -2,564
Alfa Laval has provisions for uncertain tax positions, recognized as 
part of current tax liabilities when, for example, a local tax audit or tax 
assessment indicates an increased tax exposure and the company 
assesses that the tax authority may be wholly or partly successful in 
future proceedings.
There are temporary differences in cases of differences between the 
reported tax values of assets or liabilities. The Group’s temporary dif -
ferences have resulted in a deferred tax asset or a deferred tax liability 
relating to the following assets and liabilities:
Deferred tax assets and liabilities
2025 2024
Group, SEK million Claim Liabilities Claim Liabilities
Relating to:
Intangible assets 0 1,947 1 1,246
Property, plant and equipment 111 210 95 165
Right-of-use assets 238 55 26 144
Inventory 218 271 241 164
Other current assets 13 3 2 5
Financial assets 1 6 0 12
Current liabilities 1,575 32 1,525 50
Lease liabilities 56 208 142 –
Tax loss carry-forwards* 246 0 67 –
Other items 17 959 59 822
Subtotal 2,475 3,691 2,158 2,608
Offsetting within companies -232 -232 -216 -216
Total deferred taxes 2,243 3,458 1,942 2,392
* The tax loss carry-forwards to which this deferred tax asset relates amount to SEK 1,341 
(265) million.
These tax loss carry-forwards are, for the most part, not subject to time limits.
Within the Group, there are temporary differences and tax loss 
carry-forwards of SEK 1,190 (1,228) million that have not resulted 
in a corresponding deferred tax asset, as it is assessed that they are 
unlikely to be utilized within the foreseeable future. The temporary 
differences relate primarily to pensions, where the expected settlement 
date lies so far into the future that no asset has been recognized, taking 
discounting and uncertainty in future profit levels into account. The tax 
loss carry-forwards are largely without time limitation, but the amount 
that can be utilized each year may be restricted to a certain proportion 
of taxable profit.
The Group’s normal effective tax rate is approximately 26 (26) percent 
based on taxable profit, calculated as a weighted average based on 
each Group company’s share of profit before tax. However, one-off 
items may cause the tax rate for a specific year to be higher or lower.
Consequences of the implementation of the Pillar II rules
Pillar II legislation has been enacted or substantively enacted in certain 
jurisdictions in which the Group operates. The legislation became 
effective for the Group’s financial year beginning January 1, 2024. The 
Group is within the scope of the enacted legislation and has assessed 
the Group’s potential exposure to income taxes under Pillar II.
The assessment of potential exposure to income taxes under Pillar 
II is based on the most recent country-by-country reporting and the 
financial statements of the Group entities concerned. Based on this 
assessment, the effective tax rates under Pillar II in most of the juris -
dictions where the Group operates exceed 15 percent. However, there 
is a limited number of jurisdictions where the temporary safe harbour 
exemption is not applicable, but in these jurisdictions the effective tax 
rate under Pillar II is close to 15 percent or exempt in accordance with 
local Pillar II rules. Therefore, the Group does not expect any material 
exposure to income taxes under Pillar II in these jurisdictions.
The Group is continuing to assess the impact of the Pillar II income tax 
legislation on its future financial performance.
Note 10. Earnings per share
Earnings per share, basic and diluted, are calculated on the basis of the 
following:
SEK million 2025 2024
Profit attributable to the Parent Company’s 
shareholders (SEK millions) 8,272 7, 3 9 1
Weighted average number of outstanding shares 413,326,315 413,326,315
Earnings per share before and after dilution 
(SEK per share) 20.01 17. 8 8
The weighted average number of shares is unchanged from the previ -
ous year, as there has been no change in the number of shares. There is 
no dilution of the shares.
Notes
111
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 112]
Note 11. Intangible assets and goodwill
Accounting policies
Intangible assets are recognized at cost less accumulated amortiza -
tion and any accumulated impairment losses. The straight-line 
amortization charges are based on the cost of the intangible assets 
and are calculated with regard to their estimated useful lives.
Useful lives:
Patents and unpatented know-how 10–20 years
Customer relations 10–20 years
Trademarks 10–20 years 
Licenses, renting rights and similar rights 10–20 years
Internally generated intangible assets 5 years
Amortization is carried out using the straight-line method. Any con -
tingent consideration arising in connection with business acquisi -
tions is amortized over the same period as the original purchase 
consideration. Capitalized expenditure on internally generated 
assets relates mainly to expenditure on the development of ERP 
systems. Research expenditure is expensed as incurred. Expenditure 
incurred in development projects is recognized as an intangible asset 
when the criteria in IAS 38 are met. Amortization begins when the 
asset is ready for use. Development expenditure that does not meet 
the IAS 38 criteria is expensed as incurred.
On the sale or disposal of an intangible asset, the gain or loss is cal -
culated in relation to the carrying amount according to the amortiza -
tion schedule. The result of the sale of intangible assets is recognized 
in other operating income or other operating costs. When there are 
indications that the value of an intangible asset with a definite useful 
life has decreased, an assessment is made to determine whether an 
impairment is required. If the carrying amount exceeds the recover -
able amount, an impairment loss is recognized in operating income. 
The recoverable amount is normally determined on the basis of fair 
value less costs of disposal.
Goodwill
Goodwill is recognized at cost less accumulated impairment. Impair -
ment losses are recognized in operating income.
The difference between the purchase price paid and the net assets 
of the acquired companies is allocated to the step up values attribut -
able to each type of asset, with any remainder recognized as good -
will. Because goodwill is a residual that arises only after all other 
parameters in the purchase price allocation have been determined, 
it remains preliminary until the other values are final. Accordingly, the 
value of goodwill is provisional during the first 12 months after the 
acquisition.
Goodwill is tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an 
indication that an impairment requirement may exist. The recover -
able amount for goodwill is determined on the basis of the value in 
use, calculated from discounted future cash flows. The Group’s 
activities are organized into the Energy, Food & Water and Marine 
divisions, which are also the Group’s cash-generating units. Good -
will is allocated to these cash-generating units, and impairment 
tests are performed on them. The net present value is based on the 
projected EBITDA figures for the next five years, less projected 
investments and changes in operating capital and the perceived 
expected average industry growth rate. The discount rate applied is 
the pre-tax weighted average cost of capital (WACC).
Group, SEK million
Patents and 
unpatented 
know-how Trademarks
Customer 
relations
Licenses, renting 
rights and similar 
rights
Internally gener -
ated intangible 
assets Goodwill Total
Accumulated acquisition cost
January 1, 2025 9,061 8,607 – 245 1,313 27, 408 46,634
Investments 0 – – 26 133 – 159
Acquisitions 3,351 45 321 57 3 6,216 9,991
Sales/ disposals 0 – – 5 -4 – 0
Reclassifications 6 -6 – 157 -161 – -3
Translation difference -902 -667 -9 -27 -55 -2,330 -3,990
December 31, 2025 11,515 7,979 312 463 1,229 31,294 52,792
Accumulated amortization
January 1, 2025 -7,11 5 -7, 4 3 5 – -112 -635 -1,778 -17,076
Amortization for the year -35 -2 – -12 -165 – -213
Amortization of step up values -373 -166 -16 – – – -555
Acquisitions – – – -38 -2 – -40
Sales/ disposals 0 – – 3 2 – 5
Reclassifications -14 2 – 5 2 – -4
Translation difference 689 595 0 9 37 206 1,536
December 31, 2025 -6,848 -7,006 -16 -144 -762 -1,572 -16,347
Carrying amounts, December 31, 2025 4,667 974 297 319 467 29,722 36,445
Notes
112
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 113]
Group, SEK million
Patents and 
unpatented 
know-how Trademarks
Licenses, renting 
rights and similar 
rights
Internally gener -
ated intangible 
assets Goodwill Total
Accumulated acquisition cost
January 1, 2024 8,904 8,422 221 1,161 26,734 45,442
Investments 6 – 22 197 – 225
Sales/ disposals -2 0 -10 -44 – -56
Translation difference 152 185 12 -1 674 1,023
December 31, 2024 9,061 8,607 245 1,313 27, 408 46,634
Accumulated amortization
January 1, 2024 -6,528 -6,984 -108 -535 -1,665 -15,820
Amortization for the year -22 -2 -12 -131 – -167
Amortization of step up values -301 -314 – – – -616
Sales/ disposals 0 – 11 29 – 40
Reclassifications – 0 0 – – 0
Translation difference -264 -135 -3 2 -113 -513
December 31, 2024 -7,11 5 -7, 4 3 5 -112 -635 -1,778 -17,07 7
Carrying amounts, December 31, 2024 1,945 1,172 134 678 25,630 29,559
Internally generated intangible assets relate to capitalized IT costs and 
capitalized development costs associated with R&D.
Impairment testing
Impairment testing was performed as at the end of 2025, indicating 
that there is no need to write down goodwill.
Three of Alfa Laval’s operating segments – the three business divisions 
Energy, Food & Water and Marine – have been identified as the 
cash-generating units within Alfa Laval. Technically, a newly acquired 
business can be tracked separately during an initial period, but 
acquired businesses are normally integrated into the divisions directly. 
This means that independent traceability is lost fairly soon, and a 
standalone measurement and impairment test is no longer feasible.
The recoverable amount of the cash-generating units is based on their 
value in use, which is established by calculating the net present value 
of future cash flows. The net present value is based on the projected 
EBITDA figures for the next five years, less projected investments and 
changes in operating capital during the same period and thereafter the 
perceived expected average industry growth rate.
This projection is based on the following components:
• The projection for 2026 is based on the Group’s normal rolling 
12-month Forecast reporting. This is based on a number of assump -
tions concerning the business cycle, volume growth, market initia -
tives, product mix, currency rates, cost development, cost structure, 
R&D, etc.
• The projection for the period 2027 till 2030 is based on manage -
ment’s general assumptions concerning the business cycle, volume 
growth, market initiatives, product mix, currency rates, cost develop -
ment, cost structure, R&D, etc.
• The forecast for 2031 and onwards is based on the estimated 
expected long-term average growth rate in the industry of 2.25 
(2.25) percent.
The assumptions used in the forecasts reflect past experiences or 
information from external sources. The discount rate applied is the 
pre-tax weighted average cost of capital (WACC) of 9.42 (9.64) 
percent. A sensitivity analysis has been performed showing that, if 
the WACC were to increase by 1 percent or if the terminal growth rate 
were reduced by 1 percent, the carrying amount would still exceed the 
recoverable amount.
Alfa Laval has no intangible assets with indefinite useful lives except for 
goodwill. 
Goodwill has been allocated to the following cash-generating units:
Goodwill
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Energy 8,902 3,544
Food & Water 4,652 5,135
Marine 16,167 16,951
Total 29,722 25,630
Notes
113
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 114]
Note 12. Property, plant and equipment
Accounting policies
Property, plant and equipment are recognized at cost less accumu-
lated depreciation. Depreciation  is based on the cost of the assets and 
is calculated with regard to the estimated useful life. Depreciation  is 
carried out using the straight-line method. 
Useful lives:
Computer software, computers 3.3 years
Office equipment 4 years 
Vehicles 5 years
Machinery and equipment 7 –14 years
Land improvements 20 years 
Buildings 25–33 years 
Upon sales or disposal of property, plant and equipment, the gain or 
loss is calculated as the difference between the selling price and the 
carrying amount. The gain or loss is recognized in other operating 
income or other operating costs.
If there are any indications that the value of an item of property, plant 
and equipment with a definite useful life has decreased, an assess-
ment is performed in order to determine whether an impairment is 
necessary. If the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount, an 
impairment loss is recognized in profit or loss. When assets are held for 
sale, a clear indication of the recoverable amount is obtained, which 
may result in an impairment.
Group, SEK million Buildings and land
Machinery and other 
technical installations
Equipment, tools and 
installations
Assets under construction 
and advance payments Total
Accumulated acquisition cost
January 1, 2025 7,75 8 10,167 4,242 2,568 24,735
Investments 81 411 273 1,736 2,501
Acquisitions 244 435 176 17 872
Sales/ disposals -146 -193 -186 -2 -526
Reclassifications 806 1,367 -150 -2,040 -17
Reclassification to assets for sale 46 – – – 46
Translation difference -675 -886 -298 -137 -1,996
December 31, 2025 8,115 11,301 4,058 2,141 25,616
Accumulated depreciation
January 1, 2025 -3,911 -6,532 -2,678 – -13,121
Depreciation for the year -293 -579 -268 – -1,141
Depreciation of step up values -30 – – – -30
Acquisitions -82 -346 -129 – -556
Sales/ disposals 126 167 157 – 449
Reclassifications -115 -31 162 – 16
Translation difference 308 549 193 – 1,050
December 31, 2025 -3,995 -6,772 -2,564 – -13,331
Carrying amounts  
December 31, 2025 4,120 4,529 1,494 2,141 12,284
Notes
114
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 115]
Group, SEK million Buildings and land
Machinery and other 
technical installations
Equipment, tools and 
installations
Assets under construction 
and advance payments Total
Accumulated acquisition cost
January 1, 2024 6,950 8,631 3,626 2,090 21,297
Investments 375 534 503 1,675 3,087
Sales/ disposals -50 -202 -138 -17 -407
Reclassifications 247 866 142 -1,253 2
Translation difference 236 339 109 74 758
December 31, 2024 7,75 8 10,167 4,242 2,568 24,735
Accumulated depreciation
January 1, 2024 -3,611 -5,897 -2,476 – -11,984
Depreciation for the year -231 -520 -281 – -1,032
Depreciation of step up values -38 – – – -38
Sales/ disposals 22 180 127 – 329
Reclassifications 37 -56 17 – -2
Translation difference -90 -240 -65 – -395
December 31, 2024 -3,911 -6,532 -2,678 – -13,121
Carrying amounts,  
December 31, 2024 3,847 3,635 1,563 2,568 11,613
Non-current assets held for sale
At Alfa Laval, these assets normally refer to properties. A property in 
the US is for sale and is expected to be sold within the next year. This 
has therefore been classified as assets held for sale amounting to SEK 
1 (47) million. The fair value of the properties held for sale exceeds their 
carrying amount by approximately SEK 17 (282) million.
Note 13. Leasing
Accounting policies
Alfa Laval applies practical expedients for leases with a lease term of 
12 months or less, or where the leased asset is of low value. With 
reference to the materiality principle in accordance with IAS 8.8, 
IFRS 16 is applied to leases relating to buildings and land, company 
cars and other vehicles, forklifts, large servers and large printers. The 
present value of other leases is deemed to be not material, and these 
are expensed as incurred.
Leases may include both lease and service components. Alfa Laval 
has opted to exclude the service component from lease accounting 
in accordance with IFRS 16, and so this element is expensed directly.
Leased property, plant and equipment are recognized as right-of-
use assets in the balance sheet, with a corresponding financial liabil -
ity. The lease payment is allocated between financial expense, 
calculated as interest on the outstanding liability, and amortization 
of the liability. The useful life of right-of-use assets is determined on 
the basis of the term of the contract in question, and depreciation is 
applied using the straight-line method.
Notes
115
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 116]
Group, SEK million Right-of-use assets, property Right-of-use assets, machinery
Right-of-use assets, equipment, 
tools and installations Total
Accumulated acquisition cost
January 1, 2025 4,017 86 487 4,590
New or modified leases 1,355 21 153 1,529
Acquisitions 101 0 28 129
Sales/ disposals -183 -9 -100 -292
Reclassifications -127 20 117 10
Translation difference -399 -10 -35 -444
December 31, 2025 4,764 108 649 5,521
Accumulated depreciation
January 1, 2025 -1,438 -43 -233 -1,714
Depreciation for the year -416 -21 -127 -564
Acquisitions -68 0 -12 -80
Sales/ disposals 126 16 80 222
Reclassifications 109 -11 -65 34
Translation difference 130 5 19 154
December 31, 2025 -1,557 -55 -338 -1,950
Carrying amounts  
December 31, 2025 3,206 54 312 3,572
Group, SEK million Right-of-use assets, property Right-of-use assets, machinery
Right-of-use assets, equipment, 
tools and installations Total
Accumulated acquisition cost
January 1, 2024 3,625 62 412 4,099
New or modified leases 797 27 146 970
Sales/ disposals -526 -8 -89 -623
Reclassifications -5 -1 6 0
Translation difference 127 6 12 145
December 31, 2024 4,017 86 487 4,590
Accumulated depreciation
January 1, 2024 -1,388 -36 -219 -1,643
Depreciation for the year -464 -18 -83 -565
Sales/ disposals 470 7 75 552
Reclassifications -1 6 -5 0
Translation difference -56 -3 0 -59
December 31, 2024 -1,438 -43 -233 -1,714
Carrying amounts,  
December 31, 2024 2,579 43 254 2,877
New or adjusted leases amount to SEK 1,529 (970) million. The lease terms are between 1 and 25 years. The latter figure relates to a very limited 
number of properties. The maximum lease term is normally 10 years for buildings and 3–5 years for other assets.
Notes
116
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 117]
Other information on leasing
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Lessee
Income statement
Depreciation -564 -565
Interest costs on lease liabilities -159 -109
Cost of short-term leases -69 -76
Costs for leases of low-value assets not included in the line above -24 -19
Costs for variable lease payments not included in lease liabilities -6 -12
Cash flow
Total cash flow for lease liabilities -662 -893
Total cash flow for leases recognized in profit or loss -99 -107
Lessor
Financial position
Financial lessor receivable 15 0
Income statement
Interest income on finance lessor receivable 1 2
Income from subleasing of right-of-use assets 28 2
Lease income from operating leases 20 19
The weighted average incremental borrowing rate used to discount the value of lease liabilities amounts to 4.80 (4.23) percent.
Maturity analysis of lease liabilities and lease receivables
Lease payments by the lessee
Payments received by the lessor under 
finance leases
Payments received by the lessor under 
operating leases
Group, SEK million 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Maturity during the year:
2025 N /A 678 N /A _ N /A 0
2026 733 617 2 – 0 0
2027 642 479 1 – 0 0
2028 579 368 1 – 0 0
2029 485 308 1 – 0 0
2030 393 N /A 2 N /A 0 N /A
Later 2,478 1,365 8 – 0 –
Total 5,311 3,816 15 – 2 2
Notes
117
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 118]
Note 14. Shares in subsidiaries
The consolidated financial statements comprise Alfa Laval AB (publ) 
and all subsidiaries over which Alfa Laval has control, which means 
direct or indirect ownership of more than 50 percent of shares. Most 
subsidiaries are wholly owned by the Group. Only 6 (6) subsidiaries 
include non-controlling interests; see Note 24 for more information.
The subsidiaries are consolidated using the acquisition method and 
are presented in the table below. The equity interest presented in the 
table corresponds to the percentage of voting rights in each company.
Alfa Laval AB’s direct holdings of shares and participations 
in subsidiaries 2025 2024
Country
Registered 
office Company name
Swedish corp. 
reg. no.
Number of 
shares
Equity interest, 
%
Carrying 
amount, SEK 
million
Number of 
shares
Equity interest, 
%
Carrying 
amount, SEK 
million
Sweden Lund Alfa Laval Holding AB 556587-8062 8,191,000 100 4,461 8,191,000 100 4,461
Japan Tok yo Alfa Laval KK 1,200,000 100 208 1,200,000 100 208
Total 4,669 4,669
Alfa Laval AB’s indirect holdings of shares in subsidiaries, %
Country Registered office Company name Swedish corp. reg. no. 2025 2024
Sweden Halmstad WCR Sweden AB 556171-5359 100 100
Sweden Lund Alfa Laval Europe AB 556128-7847 100 100
Sweden Lund Alfa Laval International Engineering AB 556039-8934 100 100
Sweden Lund Alfa Laval Technologies AB 556016-8642 100 100
Sweden Lund Alfa Laval Treasury International (publ) AB 556432-2484 100 100
Sweden Lund NexInc Hub AB 559401-3517 100 100
Sweden Lund PHE Holding AB 556306-2404 100 100
Sweden Lund Multbran AB 556662-3988 100 100
Sweden Lund Breezewind AB 556773-6532 100 100
Sweden Lund Alfa Laval Corporate AB 556007-7785 100 100
Sweden Stockholm StormGeo AB 556761-9472 100 100
Sweden Sjöbo Scanjet Holding AB 556705-2286 – 100
Sweden Sjöbo Scanjet Marine & Systems AB 556291-2427 100 100
Sweden Tumba Alfa Laval Nordic AB 556243-2061 100 100
Sweden Vänersborg Tranter International AB 556559-1764 100 100
Argentina Buenos Aires Desmet Argentina S.A. 100 100
Argentina San Isidro Alfa Laval S.A. 100 100
Australia Homebush Alfa Laval Australia Pty Ltd 100 100
Austria Guntramsdorf Tranter Wärmetauscher GmbH 100 100
Austria Wiener Neudorf Alfa Laval Mid Europe GmbH 100 100
Belgium Brussels Alfa Laval Benelux NV/SA 100 100
Belgium Zaventem N.V. Desmet Belgium S.A. 100 100
Brazil Petrópolis Alfa Laval Aalborg Indústria e Comércio Ltda 99.5 99.5
Brazil Rio de Janeiro Framo do Brasil Ltda 100 100
Brazil Rio de Janeiro StormGeo do Brasil Serviços Meteorológicos Ltda 100 100
Brazil São Paulo Agência Brasileira de Meteorologia Ltda 100 100
Brazil São Paulo Alfa Laval Ltda 100 100
Brazil São Paulo Climanet Serviços de Internet Ltda 100 100
Brazil São Paulo ClimaTempo Participacoes SA – 100
Brazil São Paulo Desmet Brasil Ltda 100 100
Brazil São Paulo Southern Marine Weather Services Ltda 100 100
Brazil São Paulo Tranter Indústria e Comércio de Equipamentos Ltda 100 100
Bulgaria Sofia Alfa Laval EOOD 100 100
Bulgaria Varna Scanjet Service EOOD 100 100
Canada Edmonton Tranter Heat Exchangers Canada Inc. 100 100
Canada Newmarket Alfa Laval Inc. 100 100
Canada Newmarket Canada Inc. 100 100
Chile Santiago Alfa Laval SpA 100 100
China Beijing Definox (Beijing) Stainless Steel Equipment Ltd 100 100
China Beijing Tranter Heat Exchangers (Beijing) Co Ltd 100 100
China Hong Kong Alfa Laval (China) Ltd 100 100
China Hong Kong StormGeo Ltd 100 100
China Jiang Yin Alfa Laval (Jiangyin) Manufacturing Co Ltd 100 100
China Jiang Yin Wuxi MCD Gasket Co Ltd 100 100
Notes
118
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 119]
Country Registered office Company name Swedish corp. reg. no. 2025 2024
China Jiangsu Alfa Laval Flow Equipment (Kunshan) Co Ltd 100 100
China Jiaozhou City Alfa Laval Qingdao Ltd 100 100
China Liyang City Liyang Sifang Stainless Steel Products Co., Ltd 65 65
China Shanghai Alfa Laval (Shanghai) Technologies Co Ltd 100 100
China Shanghai Desmet Ballestra (Shanghai) Co, Ltd. 100 100
China Shanghai Framo Shanghai Ltd 100 100
China Suzhou Alfa Laval Suzhou Co. Ltd 100 –
China Taicang City Alfa Laval (Taicang) Technologies Co Ltd 100 100
China Taipei Alfa Laval Taiwan Ltd 100 100
Colombia Bogotá Alfa Laval S.A. 100 100
Cyprus Nicosia Alfa Laval Middle East Ltd 100 100
Czech Republic Prague Alfa Laval Spol S.R.O. 100 100
Denmark Kolding Alfa Laval Kolding A/S 100 100
Denmark Nakskov Alfa Laval Nakskov A/S 100 100
Denmark Rødovre Alfa Laval Nordic A/S 100 100
Denmark Søborg Alfa Laval Copenhagen A/S 100 100
Denmark Søborg StormGeo Denmark A/S 100 100
Denmark Aalborg Alfa Laval Aalborg A/S 100 100
Denmark Aalborg Alfa Laval Aalborg Header-coil A/S 51 51
Finland Espoo Alfa Laval Nordic OY 100 100
Finland Rauma Alfa Laval Aalborg Oy 100 100
France Clisson Definox SAS 100 100
France Courbevoie Alfa Laval Packinox SAS 100 100
France Courbevoie Ziepack SA 51 51
France Elancourt Alfa Laval Moatti SAS 100 100
France Golbey Alfa Laval Golbey SAS 100 –
France Golbey Alfa Laval RE Golbey 100 –
France Grenoble Alfa Laval Vicarb SAS 100 100
France Grenoble SCI du Companil 100 100
France Guny MCD SAS 100 100
France Nanterre Tranter SAS 100 100
France Nevers Alfa Laval Spiral SAS 100 100
France Saint-Priest Alfa Laval Holding SAS 100 100
France Saint-Priest Alfa Laval France & North West Africa SAS 100 100
France Wailly Beaucamp Desmet Stolz France SAS 100 100
Germany Ahrensburg Soteco International GmbH 100 100
Germany Artern Tranter GmbH 100 100
Germany Buchdorf WCR Deutschland GmbH 100 100
Germany Eversen Desmet Rosedowns GmbH 80 80
Germany Frechen Alfa Laval Heat Exchanger Service GmbH 100 100
Germany Glinde Alfa Laval Holding GmbH 100 100
Germany Hamburg StormGeo GmbH 100 100
Greece Koropi Alfa Laval Single Member SA 100 100
Hungary Budapest Alfa Laval Kft 100 100
India Bangalore Desmet Ballestra Rosedowns India Private Limited 100 100
India Bangalore Desmet Engineering Center Private Limited 100 100
India Bangalore Desmet India Corporation Private Limited 100 100
India Pune Alfa Laval India Pvt Ltd 100 100
India Pune Tranter India Pvt Ltd 100 100
Indonesia Batam PT Scanjet Production 100 100
Indonesia Jakarta PT Alfa Laval Indonesia 100 100
Italy Genua Soteco International S.r.l. 100 100
Italy Genua Lupi S.r.l. 100 100
Italy Milan Alfa Laval Italy Srl 100 100
Italy Santiago Alfa Laval SpA 100 100
Italy Suisio Alfa Laval Olmi SpA 100 100
Japan Tok yo Alfa Laval KK 100 100
Japan Tok yo Framo Nippon KK 100 100
Japan Tok yo StormGeo Japan KK 100 100
Latvia Riga Alfa Laval SIA 100 100
Lithuania Vilnius UAB StormGeo 100 100
Malaysia Shah Alam Desmet Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. 100 100
Notes
119
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 120]
Country Registered office Company name Swedish corp. reg. no. 2025 2024
Malaysia Shah Alam Alfa Laval Malaysia Sdn Bhd 100 100
Mexico Mexico City Desmet Mexico Technologies S.A. de C.V. 100 100
Mexico Tlalnepantla Alfa Laval S.A. DE C.V. 100 100
Netherlands Maarssen Alfa Laval NV 100 100
Netherlands Maarssen Alfa Laval Benelux BV 100 100
Netherlands Nijmegen Alfa Laval Nijmegen BV 100 100
Netherlands Rotterdam Alfa Laval Rotterdam BV 100 100
Netherlands Rotterdam Scanjet Benelux BV 100 100
Netherlands Spijkenisse Framo Nederland BV 100 100
Netherlands Veenendahl WCR Benelux BV 100 100
New Zealand Hamilton Alfa Laval New Zealand Pty Ltd 100 100
Norway Bergen StormGeo AS 100 100
Norway Frekhaug Framo Holsnøy AS 100 100
Norway Frekhaug Framo Flatøy AS 100 100
Norway Fusa Framo Fusa AS 100 100
Norway Nesttun Framo AS 100 100
Norway Nesttun Framo Services AS 100 100
Norway Oslo Alfa Laval Nordic AS 100 100
Norway Porsgrunn Scanjet Ariston AS 100 100
Peru Lima Alfa Laval S.A. 100 100
Philippines Makati City Alfa Laval Philippines Inc. 100 100
Philippines Makati City StormGeo PH Inc 100 100
Poland Kraków Alfa Laval Kraków Sp.z.o.o. 100 100
Poland Łobez Scanjet Production sp z oo 100 100
Poland Skawina WSK International Sp. z o.o. 100 100
Poland Warsaw Alfa Laval Polska Sp.z.o.o. 100 100
Portugal Linda-a-Velha Alfa Laval (Portugal) Ltd 100 100
Qatar Doha Alfa Laval Service Operations Qatar LLC* 49 49
Romania Bucharest Alfa Laval SRL 100 100
Russia Korolev AO Alfa Laval Potok 99.9995 99.9995
Russia Moscow Desmet Rus LLC 100 100
Saudi Arabia Jubail Alfa Laval Arabia for Maintenance Company LLC 100 100
Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia Alfa Laval Regional Headquarters LLC 100 100
Singapore Singapore Alfa Laval Singapore Pte Ltd 100 100
Singapore Singapore Desmet Singapore Pte. Ltd. 100 100
Singapore Singapore Desmet Stolz Singapore Pte. Ltd. 100 100
Singapore Singapore Framo Singapore PTE Ltd 100 100
Singapore Singapore NRG Marine General Trading LLC SPC 100 –
Singapore Singapore Scanjet Asia Pacific Pte Ltd 100 100
Singapore Singapore Soteco International Pte Ltd 100 100
Singapore Singapore StormGeo Pte Ltd 100 100
Slovakia Bratislava Alfa Laval Slovakia S.R.O. 100 100
Slovenia Tr zin Alfa Laval d.o.o. 100 100
South Africa South Africa Desmet Africa (Pty) Ltd 100 100
South Africa Isando Alfa Laval (Pty) Ltd 100 100
South Africa Isando Alfa Laval SA (Pty) Ltd 100 100
South Korea Busan Framo Korea Ltd 100 100
South Korea Pyeongtaek Alfa Laval Korea Holding Company Ltd 100 100
South Korea Daejeon Alfa Laval Corhex Ltd 100 100
South Korea Gimhae LHE Co. Ltd 100 100
South Korea Seoul Alfa Laval Korea Ltd 100 100
South Korea Seoul StormGeo Inc 100 100
Spain Barcelona Laygo Gaskets SL 100 100
Spain Madrid Alfa Laval Iberia SA 100 100
Spain Madrid Desmet España Empresarial SA 100 100
Switzerland Basel Alfa Laval Switzerland AG 100 –
Switzerland Dietlikon Alfa Laval Mid Europe AG 100 100
Thailand Bangkok Alfa Laval (Thailand) Ltd 100 100
Turkey Istanbul Alfa Laval Makine Sanayii ve Ticaret Ltd Sti 100 100
Ukraine Kyiv Alfa Laval Ukraine 100 100
United Arab  
Emirates
Abu Dhabi Alfa Laval Technologies Equipment and Service Solutions 
LLC
100 100
Notes
120
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 121]
Country Registered office Company name Swedish corp. reg. no. 2025 2024
United Arab  
Emirates
Abu Dhabi NRG Electronics Pte. Ltd 100 –
United Arab  
Emirates
Dubai StormGeo FZ LLC 100 100
United Kingdom Aberdeenshire StormGeo Ltd 100 100
United Kingdom Camberley Alfa Laval Holdings Ltd 100 100
United Kingdom Camberley Alfa Laval Ltd 100 100
United Kingdom Coventry Alfa Laval Ultrasonics UK Ltd. 100 –
United Kingdom Doncaster Tranter Ltd 100 100
United Kingdom Eastbourne Alfa Laval Eastbourne Ltd – 100
United Kingdom Haywards Heath PSM Instrumentation Ltd 100 100
United Kingdom Hull Desmet Rosedowns Ltd 100 100
USA California, Sunnyvale StormGeo Corp. Inc 100 100
USA Georgia, Marietta Desmet USA Inc 100 100
USA Minnesota, Indianapolis Separators Inc. 100 100
USA Ohio, Dayton WCR Inc. 100 100
USA Tennessee, Knoxville PHE Gaskets LLC 100 –
USA Texas, La Porte Framo Houston Inc. 100 100
USA Texas, Wichita Falls Tranter Inc. 100 100
USA Texas, Houston Alfa Laval Texas Inc. 100 –
USA Texas, Houston StormGeo Holding Inc. 100 100
USA Texas, Houston StormGeo Inc 100 100
USA Virginia, Bristow AGC Heat Transfer Inc. 100 100
USA Virginia, Richmond Alfa Laval USA Inc. 100 100
USA Virginia, Richmond Alfa Laval US Holding Inc. – 100
USA Virginia, Richmond Alfa Laval Inc. 100 100
USA Virginia, Richmond Alfa Laval U.S. Group Services Inc. 100 100
USA Virginia, Richmond MCD Gaskets Inc. 100 100
USA Virginia, Richmond Alfa Laval IC Disc Inc. 100 100
USA Wisconsin, New Berlin Definox Inc. 100 100
Vietnam Ho Chi Minh City Alfa Laval Vietnam LLC 100 100
Vietnam Ho Chi Minh City Desmet Stolz Vietnam LLC 100 100
* Despite the equity interest amounting to 49 percent, Alfa Laval has a controlling interest.
Note 15. Shares in joint ventures
Accounting policies
Holdings in joint ventures are recognized using the equity method. 
This means that the Group’s share of the net profit of the jointly 
owned companies is recognized as a separate line item in the 
income statement, labelled ‘Share of result in joint ventures’. The 
corresponding entry is an increase or decrease in the carrying 
amount of shares in joint ventures. Dividends received reduce the 
carrying amount of the shares.
As none of these joint ventures is of material significance to the 
Group, no specific disclosures are provided for individual holdings. 
Instead, aggregated disclosures are provided regarding the total 
carrying amount of Alfa Laval’s interests in these individually 
immaterial joint ventures.
Alfa Laval owns 50 percent of the following five joint ventures:
• AlfaWall AB (partner: Wallenius)
• AlfaWall Oceanbird AB (partner: Wallenius)
• Alfdex AB (partner: Concentric)
• Stadion Laks AS (partner: Lingalaks AS)
• Rolls Laval Heat Exchangers Ltd (partner: Rolls Royce)
Alfdex AB also has two wholly owned subsidiaries: Alfdex Kunshan Co 
Ltd and Alfdex US LLC.
The risks associated with joint ventures are primarily commercial and 
do not differ materially from the risks relating to subsidiaries, with one 
exception. This exception relates to the risk of disagreement with the 
other joint venture partner in decisions regarding major investments, 
financing or the future strategic direction of market development and 
product development, for instance. Such disagreement may result in 
the operations not developing as intended. As Alfa Laval’s joint ven -
tures are of limited significance for the Group, this risk is considered 
low. The table below presents changes in holdings in joint ventures.
Change in holdings in joint ventures
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Opening balance 248 262
Capital injections 48 –
Impairment losses -24 –
Net income for the year 21 33
Dividends received – -47
Translation difference 0 0
Total 294 248
Notes
121
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 122]
The equity interest presented in the table below corresponds to the percentage of voting rights.
 
Specification of shares in joint ventures
2025 2024
Land Registered office Company name
Swedish corp. 
reg. no.
Equity interest, 
%
Carrying amount, 
SEK million
Equity interest, 
%
Carrying amount, 
SEK million
Sweden Botkyrka AlfaWall AB 556723-6715 50 17 50 14
Sweden Botkyrka AlfaWall Oceanbird AB 559333-0003 50 28 50 62
Sweden Landskrona Alfdex AB 556647-7278 50 248 50 147
Norway Norheimsund Stadion Laks AS 50 0 50 24
United Kingdom Wolverhampton Rolls Laval Heat Exchangers Ltd 50 0 50 0
Total 294 248
Note 16. Business combinations
Accounting policies
The consolidated financial statements are prepared using the acquisition 
method. Subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial state-
ments with effect from the date on which control passes to the Group.
Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries where the majority 
owner does not lose control are recognized directly in equity. The 
transaction results in a transfer between the parent company’s own -
ers and non-controlling interests within equity. 
A negative non-controlling interest is recognized if a non-controlling 
interest’s share of recognized losses exceeds its recognized share of equity. 
In the case of step acquisitions, goodwill is calculated and measured 
when the acquiring company obtains control of the acquired company. 
Upon acquisition, transaction costs are recognized as administra -
tion costs. If the value of a contingent consideration changes, the 
adjustment is recognized in other operating income or other operating 
costs. 
During 2025  
On January 1, 2025, Alfa Laval acquired 100 percent of a small 
US-based service company. The purchase price amounted to SEK 82 
million, of which SEK 70 million was paid in cash and SEK 12 million 
was withheld. Acquisition costs amounted to SEK 3 million. The com -
pany has about 18 employees and an annual turnover of about SEK 35 
million. The acquisition forms part of the Energy division and has been 
included in the consolidation from the beginning of the year. As of the 
acquisition date, the company has contributed SEK 20 million in net 
sales and SEK 8 million in adjusted EBITA. 
On 2 April 2025, Alfa Laval acquired 100 percent of NRG Marine Ltd. 
The purchase price amounted to SEK 499 million, of which SEK 476 
million was paid in cash and SEK 23 million was withheld. Acquisi -
tion costs amounted to SEK 2 million. The company has about 30 
employees and an annual turnover of about SEK 200 million. NRG 
Marine forms part of the Marine division and has been included in the 
consolidation from the second quarter. As of the acquisition date, the 
company has contributed SEK 53 million in net sales and SEK 6 million 
in adjusted EBITA. If the company had been acquired on January 1, 
2025, the corresponding figures would have been SEK 66 million and 
SEK 4 million, respectively.
The acquisition of the business unit Fives Cryogenics, part of the Fives 
Group, was completed on 7 July 2025. The purchase price amounted 
to SEK 9,210 million. Transaction costs amounted to SEK 80 million. 
Fives Cryogenics has 714 employees and an annual turnover of about 
EUR 200 million. During 2025, Fives Cryogenics constituted a new 
business unit within the Energy division and has been included in the 
consolidation from the third quarter. As of the acquisition date, the 
company has contributed SEK 1,135 million in net sales and SEK 191 
million in adjusted EBITA. If the company had been acquired on Jan -
uary 1, 2025, the corresponding figures would have been SEK 2,250 
million and SEK 421 million, respectively.
All acquired assets and liabilities were reported in accordance with 
IFRS at the time of the acquisitions. Step up values relating to intangi -
ble assets are amortized over 10–15 years. Goodwill relates primarily to 
expected future synergies. The purchase price allocations for the two 
most recent acquisitions are still preliminary, so identified assets and 
liabilities may be subject to change.
During 2024
No new acquisitions were completed in 2024, although certain with -
held amounts were settled. On 14 March 2024, Alfa Laval acquired 
the remaining 10.3 percent of StormGeo’s subsidiary Climatempo in 
Brazil from the minority shareholders. Alfa Laval’s ownership thereby 
increased from 89.7 percent to 100 percent. The purchase consider -
ation amounted to SEK 27 million and was paid in cash. The transac -
tion was recognized as a change within equity.
In 2021, Alfa Laval acquired a 16.5 percent minority interest in Marine 
Performance Systems (MPS), based in the Netherlands, with an 
option to acquire the remaining shares of the company at a later stage. 
Alfa Laval exercised this option in 2023 to complete the acquisition 
and now owns 100 percent of MPS. The acquisition was completed 
on 21 March 2023. The purchase consideration initially amounted 
to SEK 141 million, of which SEK 24 million was paid in cash and SEK 
117 million was withheld for a period of 3 years. The withheld portion 
of the purchase consideration is conditional upon certain profitability 
and liquidity targets being met. In 2024, the withheld portion of the 
purchase consideration was assessed to amount to 0. The value that 
was previously allocated to patents and goodwill was written down 
accordingly. 
On 31 August 2022, Alfa Laval announced that the company had com -
pleted the acquisition of Scanjet. The purchase consideration amounted 
to SEK 314 million, of which SEK 268 million was paid in cash and SEK 
46 million was withheld for a period of 12–18 months. The remaining SEK 
23 million withheld was paid in cash on 29 February 2024.
Notes
122
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 123]
Business combinations
2025 2024
SEK million Fives Cryogenics Smaller acquisitions Total Total
Patents and unpatented know-how 3,077 274 3,351 –
Customer relations 321 – 321 –
Trademarks – 45 45 –
Licenses, renting rights and similar rights 19 – 19 –
Property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets 352 12 364 –
Other non-current assets 29 – 29 –
Inventories 344 14 357 –
Accounts receivable 244 18 262 –
Other receivables 368 1 369 –
Cash and cash equivalents 327 17 343 –
Provisions -16 – -16 –
Deferred tax liabilities -864 -80 -943 –
Liabilities to credit institutions -3 – -3 –
Lease liabilities -47 – -47 –
Contract liabilities -317 – -317 –
Accounts payable -272 -4 -275 –
Other liabilities -263 -21 -284 –
Net assets acquired 3,299 275 3,575 –
Goodwill 5,911 305 6,216 –
Purchase price -9,210 -581 -9,791 –
Withheld portion of purchase price – 35 35 –
Cash and cash equivalents in acquired companies 327 17 343 –
Payment of amounts withheld in previous years – – – -50
Total effect on cash flow -8,883 -529 -9,412 -50
Note 17 . Inventories
Accounting policies
The Group’s inventories have been reported after deduction for 
unrealized inter-company profits. Inventories have been measured 
using the ‘First-In, First-Out’ (FIFO) method at the lower of cost and 
net realizable value, taking into account any obsolete items. This 
means that raw materials and purchased semi-finished goods are 
normally measured at cost unless market prices have fallen. Work in 
progress is measured at the sum of direct material costs and direct 
labour costs, with a mark up of the product’s share of production 
overheads and other indirect manufacturing costs, based on a fore -
casted assumption regarding the factory’s capacity utilization. Fin -
ished goods are normally measured at dispatch value (that is, at 
accumulated cost) from the factory when delivery is imminent. Spare 
parts that may remain in inventory for a longer period are normally 
measured at net realizable value.
Type of inventory
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Raw materials and consumables 5,075 4,453
Work in progress 4,337 4,597
Finished goods and goods for resale 5,360 5,363
Advances to suppliers 775 1,161
Total 15,548 15,574
Inventory obsolescence amounts to and has changed as follows:
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Opening balance -1,869 -1,761
Acquisitions -17 –
Write-downs -276 -218
Reversal of previous write-downs 226 176
Translation difference 161 -67
Closing balance -1,775 -1,869
The Group’s inventories are reported after deduction of unrealized inter-company profits in inventory arising from intra-group deliveries. The unrealized 
profit reserve at the end of 2025 amounts to SEK 766 (757) million.
Notes
123
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 124]
Note 18. Accounts receivable
Accounting policies
Accounts receivable belong to the category of financial assets mea -
sured at amortized cost. An allowance for expected credit losses is 
recognized at each reporting date in order to reflect the credit risk 
associated with the company’s outstanding receivables. The assess -
ment of the size of the allowance is based on a combination of an 
individual assessment of larger or particularly high-risk receivables 
and standardized percentages for other accounts receivable. These 
percentages are determined on the basis of historical outcomes and 
current judgements of future credit losses. Expected credit losses 
relating to accounts receivable are recognized in the income state -
ment under cost of goods sold. Accounts receivable are recognized 
net of the allowance for doubtful debts.
At every balance sheet date, the credit risk relating to accounts 
receivable is evaluated and the allowance is adjusted as necessary 
to reflect changes in the risk profile; if there are indications of pay -
ment difficulties or financial uncertainty or if the receivable is past 
due, for example.
If there is objective evidence to indicate that it will not be possible to 
recover an accounts receivable, the receivable is written down and 
derecognized from the balance sheet.
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Accounts receivable before allowance 10,399 10,807
Allowance for doubtful debts -450 -549
Total accounts receivable 9,949 10,258
Of total accounts receivable, SEK 9,949 million relate to contracts with 
external customers. See Note 3 regarding contracts with external 
customers.
For Alfa Laval, credit risk primarily involves a risk of customers failing to pay 
their invoices. The size of the accounts receivable that have fallen due 
provides an indication of the company’s exposure to doubtful receivables.
Ageing analysis of accounts receivable before allowance, and allowance for doubtful accounts receivable 
2025 2024
Group, SEK million
Accounts receivable before 
allowance Allowance for doubtful debts
Accounts receivable before 
allowance Allowance for doubtful debts
Not due 8,185 -75 8,395 -37
Past due 1–30 days 988 -5 959 -4
Past due 31–60 days 329 -6 545 -11
Past due 61–90 days 205 -10 180 -13
Past due 91–365 days 436 -185 503 -200
Past due more than 365 days 257 -170 225 -283
Total 10,399 -450 10,807 -549
Change in allowance for doubtful accounts receivable
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Opening balance -549 -470
Acquisitions 0 –
Allowance for expected credit losses -182 -250
Amounts utilized 124 82
Unused allowances reversed 96 91
Translation differences 61 -2
Closing balance -450 -549
Notes
124
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 125]
Note 19. Other receivables
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
VAT receivables 615 573
Other receivables 1,983 2,007
Total 2,598 2,581
Other receivables include receivables from governments in respect of 
export incentives, receivables from employees, rental receivables and 
advances to suppliers.
Note 20. Prepaid costs and accrued income
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Prepaid costs 685 552
Accrued income 252 83
Total 937 635
Note 21. Other current deposits
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Deposits with banks 496 198
Bonds and other securities 206 245
Other deposits 6 6
Total 707 450
Note 22. Cash and cash equivalents
The item cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial posi-
tion and the cash flow statement consists of cash on hand and bank 
balances.
Note 23. Share capital and proposed 
 appropriation of profits
There have been no changes to the number of shares or the share 
 capital during the year. At the beginning and end of the year, the share 
capital of SEK 1,116,719,930 was divided into 413,326,315 shares. 
The quota value of the shares as at December 31, 2025 is SEK 2.70 
per share.
The company has issued only one class of shares, and all shares carry 
equal rights. 
The number of shares has developed as follows:
Specification of number of shares
Number
Number of shares as at January 1, 2025 413,326,315
Movement during the year –
Number of shares as at December 31, 2025 413,326,315
The unrestricted equity in Alfa Laval AB (publ) amounts to SEK:
Retained earnings 4,059,460,168
Repaid dividend 31,035
Net income for the year 2,707, 5 4 9,0 26
6,767,040,230
The Board of Directors proposes that the profit be appropriated as 
follows:
A dividend of SEK 9.00 per share will be distributed to share -
holders, in total 3,719,936,835
To be carried forward 3,047 ,103,395
Total, SEK 6,767,040,230
In the opinion of the Board of Directors, the proposed dividend is consist-
ent with the requirements placed on the company by the nature and 
scope of its operations, the associated risks, capital needs, liquidity and 
financial position.
Note 24. Non-controlling interests
Alfa Laval has the following subsidiaries with non-controlling interests. None of these non-controlling interests is material.
Specification of subsidiaries with non-controlling interests
Non-controlling interests, %
Attributable to non-controlling interests
SEK million, unless stated otherwise Net income Equity
Company name
Country of 
domicile 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Alfa Laval Aalborg Indústria e Comércio Ltda Brazil 0.5 0.5 0 0 1 1
Liyang Sifang Stainless Steel Products Co., Ltd. China 35 35 50 51 319 341
Alfa Laval Aalborg Header-coil A/S Denmark 49 49 -3 -7 20 26
Ziepack SA France 49 49 3 -3 5 2
Desmet Rosedowns GmbH Germany 20 20 0 0 0 0
AO Alfa Laval Potok Russia 0.0005 0.0005 0 0 0 0
Total 50 41 344 369
Notes
125
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 126]
Note 25. Pension plans
Accounting policies 
The present value of obligations under defined benefit pension plans 
is determined through annual actuarial valuations performed by 
independent actuaries. Plan assets are measured at fair value at the 
balance sheet date. The recognized net liability or net asset consists 
of the present value of the obligations less the fair value of the plan 
assets. If the calculation results in a net asset, this asset is recog -
nized at the lower of the calculated amount and the present value of 
any economic benefits available in the form of refunds from the plan 
or reductions in future contributions (the asset ceiling).
Costs relating to the earning of defined benefit pensions, gains and 
losses on settlement of pension obligations, and the plan’s net finan -
cial income or expense are recognized in the income statement. 
Costs for past service are recognized in the income statement when 
the plan is amended.
Actuarial gains and losses and changes in obligations resulting from 
revised actuarial assumptions are recognized in other comprehen -
sive income and never affect operating income. The return on plan 
assets is calculated using the same rate as the discount rate. The 
difference between actual return and calculated interest income is 
recognized in other comprehensive income. The discount rate is 
determined on the basis of the market yield on high-quality corpo -
rate bonds with a maturity corresponding to that of the obligations. 
If there is no such market, government bonds are used.
The classification of benefits as a current or non-current liability or 
asset is based on when the obligation in question is expected to be 
settled. Termination benefits are recognized at the earlier of the 
following two points in time: when the offer of benefits can no longer 
be withdrawn, or when a provision is to be recognized in accordance 
with IAS 37 in connection with restructuring operations, for example.
For Swedish entities, actuarial calculations also include future spe -
cial payroll tax. Tax on returns from pension funds is recognized on 
an ongoing basis as an expense in profit or loss and is not included in 
the liability calculation for defined benefit pension plans.
The Group has defined benefit commitments to employees and former 
employees and their dependants. These benefits relate to retirement 
pensions, survivor pensions, disability pensions, healthcare and sever -
ance pay.
The defined benefit plans are in place in Austria, Belgium, France, 
 Germany, India, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, Mexico, the Netherlands, 
 Norway, the Philippines, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, 
the United Kingdom and the United States. Most of the plans have 
been closed to new entrants and replaced with defined contribution 
plans for new employees.
Risks
The cost of defined benefit obligations is impacted by several factors 
outside the company’s control, such as the discount rate, the return on 
plan assets, future salary increases, developments in life expectancy 
and the incidence of claims in healthcare plans. The magnitude and 
development of these costs are therefore difficult to predict. Under IAS 
19, all such remeasurements are recognized in other comprehensive 
income.
The following table shows how the defined benefit net obligation is 
derived as the present value of the various defined benefit plans, less 
the fair value of plan assets.
Net defined benefit liability
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Present value of defined benefit obligations, unfunded -802 -781
Present value of defined benefit obligations, funded -3,933 -4,339
Present value of defined benefit obligations at year-end -4,735 -5,120
Fair value of plan assets 3,973 4,476
Net defined benefit liability -763 -644
Less non-qualifying assets resulting from the asset 
ceiling -41 -31
(-) liability / (+) asset at year-end -804 -675
The net cost of the defined benefit plans describes the various cost 
components of the plans. The net cost is recognized in the consoli -
dated income statement within the lines where personnel costs are 
presented. The interest cost/income is not part of net financial items: 
it is merely a way of categorizing the components of the net cost. All 
remeasurements are recognized in other comprehensive income and 
will never be reclassified to profit or loss.
Total plan cost
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Net plan cost
Current year service costs -40 -47
Net interest cost/income -23 -26
Less interest income on non-qualifying assets due to 
the asset ceiling -3 -1
Past service cost arising from plan amendments and 
curtailments and gains and losses from settlements -18 147
Net plan (-) cost / (+) income -84 73
Revaluations
Actuarial losses/gains from changes in demographic 
assumptions -19 8
Actuarial losses/gains from changes in financial 
assumptions 72 208
Actuarial losses/ gains from experience adjustments -51 45
Return on plan assets excluding interest on plan assets -102 -296
Change in non-qualifying assets due to the asset 
ceiling -11 7
Other comprehensive income (OCI) -111 -28
Total plan cost -195 45
Notes
126
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 127]
The following table shows how the present value of the defined benefit 
obligations has changed during the year and lists the various compo -
nents of the change.
Present value of defined benefit obligations
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Present value of obligations at the beginning of the year -5,120 -5,283
Reclassification/ adjustment for previous year -116 –
Translation difference 474 -273
Current year service costs -40 -47
Interest costs -202 -209
Employee contributions -1 -1
Actuarial losses/gains from changes in demographic 
assumptions -19 8
Actuarial losses/gains from changes in financial 
assumptions 72 208
Actuarial losses/ gains from experience adjustments -51 45
Past service cost/income arising from plan amendments 
and curtailments and gains and losses from settlements -18 147
Benefits paid 284 284
Settlements paid 1 1
(-) liability at year-end -4,736 -5,120
The liability has the following duration and maturity profile:
Duration and maturity
Group 2025 2024
Weighted average duration of the defined benefit 
obligation (years) 8 8
Maturity analysis of benefit payments  
(undiscounted amounts) SEK million
maturity ≤ 1 year 303 302
maturity > 1 ≤ 5 years 1,184 1,272
maturity > 5 ≤ 10 years 1,602 1,732
maturity > 10 ≤ 20 years 2,893 3,180
maturity > 20 years 3,238 3,782
The following table shows how the fair value of plan assets has 
changed during the year and lists the components of the change.
Fair value of plan assets
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year 4,476 4,438
Translation difference -381 250
Employer contributions 36 125
Employee contributions 1 1
Interest on plan assets 179 183
Return on plan assets excluding interest on plan assets -102 -296
Benefits paid -236 -225
(+) asset at year-end 3,973 4,476
The plan assets are allocated to the following categories of assets:
Allocation of plan assets
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Cash and cash equivalents 44 51
Equity instruments 19 19
Debt instruments 2,315 2,622
Real estate 11 11
Investment funds 1,584 1,773
Fair value at year-end 3,973 4,476
The plan assets are, in all material respects, measured at quoted mar -
ket prices in active markets.
The table below shows how the net defined benefit liability/ asset has 
changed and the factors driving the change.
Net defined benefit liability/asset
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Defined benefit liability/asset at the beginning of the year -675 -851
Reclassification/ adjustment for previous year -116 –
Translation difference 99 -55
Net costs -85 73
Employer contributions 36 125
Remeasurements (other comprehensive income) -111 -28
Benefits paid, unfunded plans 48 59
Settlements paid, unfunded plans 1 1
(-) liability / (+) asset at year-end -804 -675
The gross plan assets and gross defined benefit obligations for each 
plan must be reported on a net basis. The following table shows how 
the net asset and net liability are calculated.
Gross defined benefit liability/asset
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Assets
Fair value of plan assets 3,973 4,476
Less non-qualifying assets resulting from the asset ceiling -41 -31
3,932 4,445
Netting -3,752 -4,176
Assets in the statement of financial position 180 269
Liabilities
Present value of defined benefit obligations at year-end -4,736 -5,120
Netting 3,752 4,176
Liabilities in statement of financial position -984 -945
The weighted averages of the more significant actuarial assumptions 
used at the balance sheet date include:
Actuarial assumptions
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Discount rate (%) 4.59 4.50
Expected average retirement age (years) 64 64
Life expectancy for a 45-year-old man (years) 83 83
Life expectancy for a 45-year-old woman (years) 86 86
Claims ratio in healthcare plans (%) 5 5
Expected salary growth (%) 3 4
Change in healthcare costs (%) 5 5
Index for future benefit increases (%) 2 2
Sensitivity analysis*
Group, SEK million 2025
The discount rate decreased by 1 percentage point -672
The expected useful life increased by 1 year -164
The expected average retirement age decreased by 1 year -12
Loss experience in healthcare plans increased by 1 percentage point 0
The expected salary increase rate increased by 1 percentage point -150
Healthcare costs increased by 1 percentage point -6
The index for future increases in benefits increased by 1 percentage 
point -159
*The table shows how much the present value of the defined benefit obligation as at Decem -
ber 31 would change if different parameters were amended (and all other aspects remained 
unchanged).
Future contributions
Group, SEK million 2026
Expected employer contributions to the plan for the next calendar year -85
Expected employer contributions for the next calendar year to 
multi-employer plans recognized as defined contribution plans -77
Notes
127
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 128]
Note 26. Provisions
Accounting policies
The Group recognizes provisions when there is a legal or construc -
tive obligation, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be 
required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate of the 
amount can be made. The amount recognized as a provision is the 
best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present obli -
gation at the balance sheet date. Provisions are reviewed at each 
balance sheet date and adjusted to reflect the current best estimate. 
A provision is reversed when it is no longer probable that the Group 
will be required to incur an outflow to settle the obligation. A provi -
sion is used only for the purpose for which it was originally recog -
nized. Provisions are not recognized for future operating losses. 
However, an expectation of future operating losses is an indication 
that certain assets in the business may need to be tested for impair -
ment. If a contract is onerous, a provision is recognized for the obliga -
tion under the contract, after the assets used to fulfil the contract 
have been tested for impairment. 
Movement during the year
Group, SEK million January 1
Translation 
difference Acquired
New and 
increased 
provisions Amounts utilized
Reversed unuti -
lized amounts December 31
2025
Claims 1,039 -78 49 622 -457 -90 1,084
Deferred costs 187 -9 34 311 -149 -14 360
Restructuring 211 26 0 70 -103 -11 193
Onerous contracts 122 -8 4 217 -105 -10 220
Environment 64 0 0 86 0 0 150
Litigations 160 1 7 34 -65 -12 125
Other 508 -45 18 459 -411 -143 386
Total 2,291 -113 111 1,799 -1,291 -279 2,518
Of which:
current 1,858 1,936
non-current 434 582
2024
Claims 1,045 41 – 524 -454 -118 1,039
Deferred costs 220 7 – 179 -188 -31 187
Restructuring 214 -1 – 78 -75 -4 211
Onerous contracts 51 1 – 124 -42 -13 122
Environment 50 – – 14 – – 64
Litigations 171 -3 – 61 -62 -7 160
Other 342 25 – 396 -225 -30 508
Total 2,094 71 – 1,417 -1,087 -203 2,291
Of which:
current 1,757 1,858
non-current 337 434
Unutilized amounts reversed relate to aspects such as reclassifications 
and the reversal of provisions recognized in prior years that were not 
utilized.
Claims relate to customer claims under the terms of issued warranties. 
The claims concern technical issues with delivered products or failure 
to achieve promised performance.
Deferred costs related to sales orders include costs that are known but 
not yet invoiced and costs that are expected but uncertain in terms of 
timing or amount. The provision for deferred costs is recognized in cost 
of goods sold.
Restructuring provisions generally relate to the closure of facilities or 
the closure or relocation of production lines, operations, functions, 
etc., or to reductions in the workforce in connection with an economic 
downturn. 
The provision for onerous contracts relates to orders for which a neg -
ative gross margin is expected. A provision is recognized as soon as a 
final loss on the order can be anticipated. In exceptional cases, this may 
occur as early as at the time the order is received. Normally, this provi -
sion relates to larger and more complex orders where the final margin is 
more uncertain.
The provision for litigations relates to ongoing or anticipated legal 
disputes. The provision covers expected legal costs and expected 
amounts for damages or settlements.
Other items relate to various provisions that do not fall under any of the 
categories above.
Notes
128
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 129]
Note 27 . Classification of financial assets and liabilities
Accounting policies
Financial assets and liabilities are classified into three categories in 
accordance with IFRS 9:
• Measured at fair value through profit or loss
• Measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
• Measured at amortized cost.
This classification determines both how the instruments are measured 
(fair value or amortized cost) and where changes in value are recog-
nized (profit or loss or other comprehensive income). Amortized cost is 
defined as the amount recognized at the date of acquisition, adjusted 
for repayments and the effective interest rate.
Recognition of derivatives 
Derivatives are recognized at fair value as separate items (derivative 
assets/ derivative liabilities) in the balance sheet. For derivatives that 
are not subject to hedge accounting, changes in value are recognized 
in profit or loss, either in cost of goods sold or in net financial items.
Hedge accounting
Cash flow hedges
Alfa Laval applies cash flow hedging and has implemented the docu-
mentation requirements required to qualify for hedge accounting. 
Changes in value of derivatives used for cash flow hedges are recog-
nized in other comprehensive income as long as the underlying trans-
action has not yet been realized. The effect is reclassified to profit or 
loss when the underlying transaction is realized. T o apply hedge 
accounting, the derivative must be appropriate and expected to be 
effective in relation to the identified risks.
Hedges of net investments in foreign operations
T o achieve an effective hedge of net investments in foreign operations, 
Alfa Laval seeks – where possible – to raise loans in the same currency 
as the relevant net investment. These loans are used as hedging 
instruments to offset currency risks related to investments in foreign 
operations. The exchange differences arising on these loans are rec-
ognized in other comprehensive income.
Financial assets and liabilities by valuation category
2025
Group, SEK million Level
Fair value through profit 
or loss
Fair value through other 
comprehensive income Amortized cost
T otal carrying 
amount
Financial assets
Non-current assets
Shares in other companies 1 and 2 – 12 – 12
Derivative assets 2 44 122 – 166
Current assets
Accounts receivable * – – 9,949 9,949
Other receivables * – – 2,598 2,598
Accrued income * – –  252  252
Derivative assets 2 40 511 – 551
Deposits with banks * – – 496 496
Bonds and other securities 1 206 – 0 206
Other deposits * – – 6 6
Cash and cash equivalents * – – 7 ,124 7 ,124
T otal financial assets 290 645 20,425 21,360
Financial liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Liabilities to credit institutions, etc. * – – 9,626 9,626
Lease liabilities * – – 3,333 3,333
Derivative liabilities 2 46 14 – 60
Current liabilities
Liabilities to credit institutions, etc. *  – – 7 ,590 7 ,590
Accounts payable * – – 5,444 5,444
Lease liabilities * – – 462 462
Other liabilities * – – 3,194 3,194
Accrued costs * – – 3,595 3,595
Derivative liabilities 2 48 85  - 133
T otal financial liabilities 94 99 33,245 33,438
* Measured at amortized cost.
Notes
129
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 130]
Financial assets and liabilities by valuation category
2024
Group, SEK million Level
Fair value through profit 
or loss
Fair value through other 
comprehensive income Amortized cost
T otal carrying 
amount
Financial assets
Non-current assets
Shares in other companies 1 and 2 – 184 – 184
Derivative assets 2 6 35 – 41
Current assets
Accounts receivable * – – 10,258 10,258
Other receivables * – – 2,580 2,580
Accrued income * – – 83 83
Derivative assets 2 32 121 – 153
Deposits with banks * – – 198 198
Bonds and other securities 1 245 – 0 245
Other deposits * – – 6 6
Cash and cash equivalents * – – 7, 3 69 7, 3 69
T otal financial assets 284 340 20,496 21,118
Financial liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Liabilities to credit institutions, etc. * – – 9,172 9,172
Lease liabilities * – – 1,805 1,805
Derivative liabilities 2 24 295 – 320
Current liabilities
Liabilities to credit institutions, etc. * – – 1,102 1,102
Accounts payable * – – 5,676 5,676
Lease liabilities * – – 1,233 1,233
Other liabilities * – – 3,791 3,791
Accrued costs * – – 2,721 2,721
Derivative liabilities 2 28 626 – 654
T otal financial liabilities 53 921 25,501 26,475
* Measured at amortized cost.
Fair value is determined according to a hierarchy consisting of the follow-
ing three levels:
1. Quoted prices in active markets
2. Inputs other than quoted prices that are directly observable (prices) or 
indirectly observable (derived from prices)
3. Unobservable market data
The fair value of bond holdings is determined using market prices classi-
fied as Level 1. The effect of the fair value measurement is recognized in 
profit or loss. The fair value adjustment of these instruments is reflected 
directly in the line item Bonds in the statement of financial position.
The fair value of shares in external companies is determined using mar-
ket prices classified as Level 1 or other inputs classified as Level 2. The 
effect of the fair value measurement is recognized in other comprehen-
sive income. The fair value measurement of these instruments is reflected 
directly in the line item Shares in other companies in the balance sheet.
The fair value of the Group’s forward foreign exchange contracts, 
currency options, interest rate swaps, metal futures and electricity 
derivatives is determined using market prices classified as Level 2. 
The change in fair value is determined by comparing the terms of the 
derivative entered into with the market price of the same instrument 
at the balance sheet date with the same maturity. The effect of the fair 
value measurement is recognized in other comprehensive income if the 
derivative constitutes an effective cash flow hedge, and otherwise in the 
income statement. The fair value adjustment of these instruments is rec-
ognized as derivative assets or derivative liabilities in the balance sheet. 
Derivative assets and derivative liabilities are divided into a current and a 
non-current portion depending on when the derivatives mature.
Derivatives measured through other comprehensive income relate only 
to cash flow hedges. 
All of the above financial instruments either sum directly to the corre-
sponding line item in the balance sheet, or to the line item specified in the 
notes to which the balance sheet refers. The risks associated with these 
financial instruments, including any concentrations of risk, are presented 
in Note 32.
Result of financial instruments
The result for bonds and other short-term and long-term securities mea-
sured at fair value through profit or loss is presented in Note 8 as change 
in fair value of securities.
The result for financial assets measured at amortized cost is presented in 
Note 8 under other interest income, which relates to deposits with banks, 
other deposits and cash and cash equivalents. Other financial assets 
measured at amortized cost do not generate any gain or loss, but merely 
involve repayment of the nominal amount at maturity.
The result for financial liabilities measured at amortized cost is presented 
in Note 8 under other interest costs, which relates to liabilities to credit 
institutions. Other financial liabilities measured at amortized cost do not 
generate any gain or loss, but merely involve repayment of the nominal 
amount at maturity.
Notes
130
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 131]
The effect of derivative instruments affecting profit or loss is presented 
below:
Impact of derivatives on profit or loss
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Reported in cost of goods sold, relating to:
Currency forward contracts 340 -420
Metal forward contracts -148 -221
Electricity derivatives 5 -7
T otal 198 -648
Reported in net financial items, relating to:
Exchange rate gains
Currency options 16 1
Other derivatives, not subject to hedge accounting – 17
Exchange rate losses
Currency options -10 -17
Other derivatives, not subject to hedge accounting -33 –
T otal -27 1
T otal, income statement 171 -647
The result for derivative assets and derivative liabilities measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income is recognized in the Group’s 
statement of comprehensive income.
Note 28. Fair value of financial instruments
The change in fair value of shares in external companies is recognized in 
other comprehensive income and amounts to SEK -138 (-125) million, as 
shown in the Group’s statement of comprehensive income. The change 
in fair value of listed securities is recognized in net financial items and 
amounts to SEK 11 (3) million.
The net amount of derivative assets and derivative liabilities in the con-
solidated balance sheet is a net asset/liability of SEK 524 (-779) million, 
which is specified below.
Fair value of derivatives
Market value
Group, SEK million Currency pairs 2025 2024
Derivative assets/ derivative 
liabilities
Forward contracts in foreign 
currencies: EUR USD 38 -81
EUR SEK 81 -1
EUR CNY -48 54
USD DKK 24 -31
NOK USD 285 -617
JPY NOK 112 25
Other -1 -36
T otal 494 -687
Interest rate swaps 4 –
Currency options – 10
Metal forward contracts 25 -98
Electricity derivatives 1 -4
Net derivative asset (+) or 
liability (-) 524 -779
Hedge accounting has not been applied for currency options and elec-
tricity derivatives. For forward contracts in foreign currencies and metal 
forward contracts, hedge accounting has been applied when the condi-
tions for hedge accounting have been met. See Note 27 for information 
on derivatives.
Note 29. Maturity analysis of derivatives
The future undiscounted cash flows for the different types of derivatives 
are shown in the following three charts:
Maturity analysis for currency derivatives
8,000
6,000
4,000
2,000
0
-2,000
-4,000
-6,000
-8,000
3  6  9  12  15  18  24  36 
Months
6,270
4,849
3,812 3,948
1,414 1,201 1,108
592
-6,125
-4,741
-3,725 -3,887
-1,376 -1,160 -1,067 -573
Positive cash flows Negative cash flows
Maturity analysis for metal derivatives
20
15 
10
5
0
5
10
-15
-20
3  6  9  12  24
Positive cash flows Negative cash flows
Maturity analysis for electricity derivatives
1.0
 0.8
0.6 
0.4
0.2
0.0
-0.2
-0.4
-0.6
-0.8
-1.0
3  6  9  12  
Months
Positive cash flows
SEK million
SEK million
SEK million
Months
Notes
131
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 132]
Note 30. Borrowings and net debt
Net debt
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Credit institutions 38 115
Swedish Export Credit Corporation 2,160 2,292
Bilateral loans 4,324 –
Corporate bonds 10,695 7, 8 6 7
T otal borrowings* 17 ,216 10,274
Cash and cash equivalents and current deposits -7 ,832 -7 ,818
Net debt excluding lease liabilities*** 9,384 2,455
Lease liabilities** 3,795 3,038
Net debt including lease liabilities*** 13,179 5,493
* The total of current and non-current liabilities to credit institutions, etc. in the Group’s balance 
sheet.
** The total of current and non-current lease liabilities in the Group’s balance sheet.
*** Alternative performance measure.
The changes in loans during the year are explained in the following table:
Loans
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
January 1 10,274 13,273
Cash flows 7 ,715 -3,186
Exchange rate effects -773 187
December 31 17 ,216 10,274
Lease liabilities are presented separately in the Group’s balance sheet 
and in Note 13.
The loans are allocated by currency as follows:
Loan maturities by currency
Current Non-current T otal
Group, SEK million 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Currency:
BRL 4 23 – – 4 23
CAD 2 3 – – 2 3
DKK 8 9 – – 8 9
EUR 7 ,572 7 8,628 9,172 16,200 9,179
GBP – 15 – – – 15
INR – 5 – – – 5
PLN 4 41 – – 4 41
SEK – 1,000 998 – 998 1,000
T otal 7 ,590 1,102 9,626 9,172 17 ,216 10,274
Of which due after 
five years: 3 – 3 –
The maturity structure of borrowings is presented in Note 32.
Maturity analysis for borrowings
0
-1,000
-2,000
- 3,000
-4,000
-5,000
3  6  9  12  15  18  24  36  48 60 72  
Months
-3,622
-4,144
-121 -20 -64
-1,131
-120
-1,278
-3,419
-1,130
-3,344
Negative cash flows
Loans with floating interest rate
Bilateral loans
Alfa Laval has two loans, each of EUR 100 million, from the Swedish 
Export Credit Corporation, maturing in 2027 and 2028, respectively. 
Two new bilateral loans of EUR 200 million each were raised from SEB 
and Nordea during the year, and these will mature in April 2026. All 
bilateral loans carry floating interest rates based on EURIBOR plus a 
margin.
The average interest rate on the floating rate loans was 2.62 (3.72) 
percent at the end of 2025. The Group has chosen not to hedge the 
loans into fixed-rate exposure.
Loans with fixed interest rate
Loans from credit institutions
Alfa Laval has a revolving credit facility with a bank syndicate amounting 
to EUR 700 million (equivalent to SEK 7 ,566 million) as of December 
31, 2025. The facility runs for five years from April 2023 and includes an 
option to increase it by a further EUR 200 million. The facility was unuti-
lized as at December 31, 2025.
At year-end, the commitment fee on the undrawn facility was 14.0 (14.0) 
basis points.
Corporate bonds
The company’s Euro Medium T erm Note (EMTN) programme amounts 
to EUR 2,000 million. Under the programme, Alfa Laval has five cor-
porate bonds listed on the Irish Stock Exchange. Three of the facilities 
amount to EUR 300 million each and mature in February 2026, Febru-
ary 2029 and September 2031. The other two, amounting to SEK 600 
million and SEK 400 million, mature in June 2030.
At the end of 2025, the loans carried interest rates in the range of 0.875 
percent – 3.125 percent (0.875 percent – 4.235 percent). The average 
interest rate at year-end was 1.91 (1.52) percent.
Commercial paper
The company’s commercial paper programme amounts to SEK 4,000 
million. It was unused as of December 31, 2025.
Transaction costs
Transaction costs incurred in connection with loan origination or bond 
issuance have been capitalized and amortized over the terms of the 
respective borrowings. At year-end, the capitalized amount totalled SEK 
35 (12) million. The amortized cost for the year was SEK -14 (-9) million.
Average interest duration period
The average interest duration period for all borrowings was 24 (23) 
months at the end of 2025.
Financial covenants
None of the loans are linked to any financial covenants that must be 
fulfilled during the term of the loans. However, the loan with the bank 
syndicate and the corporate bonds include conditions giving lenders the 
right to demand immediate repayment if control of the company 
changes as a result of someone acquiring more than 50 and 30 percent, 
respectively, of the total number of shares. However, it must be noted that 
this option will enter into force only if a rating downgrade takes place in 
connection with the change of control; that is, if the company’s credit 
rating falls below BBB- during the period in which the change of control 
takes place.
SEK million
Notes
132
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 133]
Note 31. Capital management 
Alfa Laval defines capital under management as the sum of the Group’s 
net debt and equity, including the portion attributable to non-controlling 
interests. At the end of 2025, capital under management amounted to 
SEK 56,932 (47 ,775) million. 
The Group’s objective in managing capital is to ensure its ability to con-
tinue as a going concern and evolve as a business while generating a 
relevant return for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders. The 
targets were adjusted during 2025 for invoicing growth (from 5 percent 
to 7 percent) and adjusted EBIT A margin (from 15 percent to 17 percent). 
The target relating to return on capital employed has been left 
unchanged.
In managing capital, the Group monitors several measures, including:
Measure
Goal
T arget 
values
T arget values 
not set
Outcome Average over recent years
2025 2024 3 years 5 years 8 years
Invoicing growth per year ≥7% * 4.1% 5.3% 10.4% 11.5% 9.5%
Adjusted EBIT A margin ** 17% * 17 .7% 16.6% 16.8% 16.7% 16.8%
Return on capital employed ** ≥20% 23.9% 23.2% 22.7% 21.1% 21.2%
Net debt/EBITDA ratio ** ≤2.0 0.92 0.43 0.73 0.91 0.85
Cash flow from operating activities including 
investments in non-current assets *** 10% 9.3% 14.1% 11.6% 9.9% 10.5%
Investments *** X 3.8% 5.0% 4.2% 3.8% 3.6%
Return on equity X 19.6% 18.8% 18.7% 17 .1% 17 .4%
Equity/ assets ratio X 44.6% 4 7. 6 % 45.9% 46.4% 45.4%
Debt/ equity ratio ** X 0.30 0.13 23.4% 25.8% 25.1%
Interest coverage ratio ** X 25.0 26.2 24.7 28.1 30.0
Credit rating X BBB+ BBB+
* Average over a business cycle. ** Alternative performance measures. *** As a percentage of revenue. Historical and average values have been adjusted following changes to the structure of the cash 
flow statement.
T o maintain an appropriate capital structure, the Group may, for 
instance, raise new loans or repay existing borrowings, adjust dividend 
levels, return capital to shareholders, repurchase its own shares, issue 
new shares or divest assets. 
Alfa Laval has a strong credit rating. T o maintain a strong capital struc-
ture, the Group ensures there is a good balance between indebtedness 
and the liquidity buffer from unused credit facilities and cash.
T o support its capital structure, the Group has secured access to the 
international capital markets by establishing:
• A Euro Medium T erm Note (EMTN) programme (bond loan) of EUR 2 
billion for medium- to long-term financing.
• A commercial paper programme of SEK 4 billion for short-term financ-
ing with maturities of up to 12 months.
• A revolving credit facility of EUR 700 million with a bank syndicate.
• Cooperation with a number of credit institutions providing bilateral 
loans and credit facilities.
It is important for the Group, and for flexibility in the debt markets, to have 
a variety of financing options across different markets and with different 
maturities and currencies. 
The financial covenants applicable to the Group’s borrowings are 
described in Note 30.
Note 32. Financial risks 
Alfa Laval is exposed to several financial risks through its operations. The 
management of these risks is governed by a finance policy, which defines 
the allocation of responsibilities, acceptable risk levels and risk manage-
ment methods. The policy is adopted by the Board of Directors and forms 
the basis of the Group’s financial risk management. The central treasury 
function (Group Treasury) is responsible for overall management and 
monitoring, while subsidiaries identify and hedge risks in their opera-
tions. The policy includes aspects such as which financial instruments 
may be used, requirements for risk limitation, reporting and follow-up, 
and internal control procedures.
Alfa Laval manages various financial instruments such as cash and cash 
equivalents, deposits, accounts receivable, borrowings from credit insti-
tutions, accounts payable, and derivatives used primarily to hedge for-
eign exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices. The 
derivatives used include foreign exchange forwards, currency and inter-
est rate options, metal forwards and electricity derivatives. Hedge 
accounting is applied for derivatives that are used to manage risks in 
cash flows and net assets.
The material risks identified are described below.
32.1 Market risk
Market risk includes currency risk, interest rate risk and other price risks.
32.1.1 Currency risk
Currency risk refers to the risk of the value of financial instruments being 
affected by changes in exchange rates. The Group is exposed to currency 
risks due to the Group’s international operations and geographical 
spread. In turn, these are divided into transaction exposure and trans-
lation exposure, which are described in further detail below.
Transaction exposure
Transaction exposure refers to the currency risks arising from exchange-
rate movements that affect the currency flows generated by business 
operations. In 2025, Alfa Laval’s sales to countries outside Sweden 
amounted to 97 .9 (98.2) percent of total sales. Currency contracts for 
projected flows are entered into on an ongoing basis throughout the year. 
For contract-based flows, the objective is for derivatives to match the 
maturity of the underlying contract.
Notes
133
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 134]
Risk Management
Alfa Laval’s local sales companies normally sell in the local currency to 
local end customers and have their local cost base in the same currency. 
Exports from manufacturing and logistics centres to other Group compa-
nies are invoiced in the exporting companies’ local currencies, except for 
Sweden, Denmark and the United Kingdom, where exports are invoiced 
in EUR. The Group is principally exposed to currency risk arising from 
potential changes in contracted and projected flows of payments and 
receipts. The objective of currency risk management is to reduce the 
impact of foreign exchange movements on the Group’s income and 
financial position.
The Group normally has natural risk coverage as revenues and costs arise 
in a local currency. The financial policy states that the local companies 
are responsible for identifying and hedging currency exposures on all 
commercial flows via Group Treasury. Transaction exposure from con-
tract-based orders must be hedged to 100 percent when the value of the 
net exposure exceeds KEUR 200. In certain specific cases, companies 
may also hedge the net exposure for the coming 12 months relating to all 
projected and contract-based flows. T otal hedging must never exceed 
100 percent. Longer hedging contracts of 13–24 months for projected 
flows require special approval. Group Treasury may increase or decrease 
the total hedging initiated by the local companies for currencies where 
Alfa Laval has a commercial exposure, up to but not exceeding 100 per-
cent and down to but not below 50 percent of the commercial exposure 
for each currency over a given period. 
The table below shows the transaction exposure for the coming 12 
months by main currency pair. 
Transaction exposure per currency pair for the coming 12 months
Group, SEK million Before hedging After hedging
USD/NOK 6,259 1,198
EUR/SEK 5,113 998
EUR/DKK 4,185 3,212
EUR/CNY 2,097 1,223
JPY /NOK 430 6
USD/DKK 401 37
EUR/USD -2,247 -540
EUR/NOK -1,251 -581
EUR/ JPY -244 -71
Other 134 53
The Group’s largest exposure relating to exports (positive amounts) relates 
to subsidiaries in Norway exporting mainly in USD, subsidiaries in Sweden 
and Denmark exporting in EUR, and subsidiaries in China exporting in 
EUR. The Group’s largest exposure relating to imports (negative 
amounts) relates to subsidiaries in the US and Norway importing in EUR.
The table below shows a sensitivity analysis of the impact of exchange 
rate changes on operating income. 
Impact on operating income of exchange rate movements excluding 
hedging measures
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Exchange rate movements 
against SEK +10% -10% + 10% – 10%
USD 818 -818 968 -968
EUR 692 -692 790 -790
CNY -128 128 -239 239
NOK -549 549 -534 534
DKK -471 471 -576 576
JPY 66 -66 54 -54
Other 74 -74 80 -80
T otal 502 -502 543 -543
The table below shows the foreign exchange forward and currency 
option contracts outstanding at the end of the year.
Outstanding currency forward contracts and currency options
2025 2024
Group, millions
Original 
currency SEK
Original 
currency SEK
Outflows:
USD -1,073 -9,876 -1,286 -14,163
EUR -857 -9,259 -856 -9,821
JPY -19,509 -1,148 -13,267 -934
SEK -241 -241 -176 -176
NOK -1,466 -1,342 -1,182 -1,150
DKK -90 -131 -434 -667
CAD -39 -264 -52 -398
CNY -183 -241 -193 -291
SGD -18 -131 -3 -23
Other – -21 – –
T otal -22,653 -27 ,695
2025 2024
Original 
currency SEK
Original 
currency SEK
Inflows:
NOK 9,942 9,103 11,544 11,228
SEK 4,629 4,629 4,667 4,667
EUR 394 4,261 385 4,410
CNY 1,847 2,433 2,242 3,385
DKK 1,057 1,530 1,483 2,280
USD 84 778 62 682
GBP 5 61 3 48
JPY 3,181 187 1,554 109
CAD 4 29 16 124
SGD 23 162 2 17
Other – 22 – 42
T otal 23,195 26,992
Translation exposure
This relates to foreign exchange risks arising from the translation of sub-
sidiaries’ financial statements from local currency into SEK. Translation 
differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and present a 
risk of affecting total comprehensive income, especially for currencies 
where the Group has significant net assets. The Group’s net assets by 
currency are presented below.
Net assets by currency
 
SEK million
15,000 
12,000 
9,000
6,000
3,000
0
NOK
EUR/DKK
CNY
USD
INR
SEK
GBP
KPW
PLN
BRL
SGD
Other
Net assets
Notes
134
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 135]
Risk Management
Translation differences are managed centrally partly by allocating bor-
rowings across different currencies based on the net assets in each cur-
rency, and partly through currency swaps. Borrowings raised in the same 
currency in which the Group has net assets reduce those net assets, 
thereby reducing translation exposure. 
Exchange gains and losses on borrowings in foreign currency that 
finance the acquisition of foreign subsidiaries are recognized in other 
comprehensive income to the extent that the borrowings function as a 
hedge of the acquired net assets. Thus, these offset the translation differ-
ence that arises during the consolidation of the foreign subsidiaries. In 
the Group, recognized exchange differences amounting to net SEK 765 
(-184) million relating to liabilities in foreign currencies have been reclas-
sified to other comprehensive income as hedges of net investments in 
foreign operations. The loans that hedge net investments in foreign oper-
ations are denominated in EUR, as this foreign currency has the greatest 
impact on the statement of financial position. 
32.1.2 Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk refers to how changes in market interest rates affect the 
value of financial instruments. At December 31, 2025, the total debt 
portfolio of SEK 17 ,216 (10,274) million was split on loans with fixed inter-
est of SEK 10,695 (7 ,867) and loans with floating interest rates of SEK 
6,521 (2,407) million. The Group has chosen not to hedge its floating 
rate borrowings into fixed rate. 
The average interest rate for all loans was 2.18 (2.02) percent in 2025. 
The average interest fixing period for all borrowings was 24 (23) months 
at the end of 2025.
Based on a general increase in market interest rates of 100 basis points 
(1 percentage point), the Group’s net interest income for 2025 would 
remain unchanged (SEK 42 million) as the Group’s cash holdings fully 
offset borrowings with floating interest rates. During 2024, borrowings 
with floating interest rates were lower than cash holdings.
Risk Management
The Group manages interest rate risk by seeking to maintain a balance 
between floating and fixed interest rates in the loan portfolio and using 
financial derivatives such as interest rate swaps. The finance policy stip-
ulates that interest rate risk is measured separately for each main cur-
rency and for the total debt, and that the average interest fixing period for 
the total loan portfolio should be between 6 and 36 months.
32.1.3 Other price risks
Other price risks to which the Group is exposed include risks relating to 
changes in commodity prices and changes in the value of financial equi-
ty-related instruments.
Risk of changes in commodity prices
The Group is reliant on supplies of stainless steel, castings, copper, tita-
nium and other materials, as well as electricity, for the manufacture of its 
products. Prices in some of these markets are volatile, and shortages 
have occurred in the past. The number of potential suppliers of titanium 
is limited. The risk of sharply increased prices or insufficient supply poses 
serious risks to the business. The ability to pass higher input prices on to 
end customers varies over time and between markets depending on the 
competitive situation. In 2025, purchases of nickel and copper were 
hedged to 54 percent and 42 percent, respectively. Expected purchases 
of nickel and copper during 2026 that were hedged at the end of 2025 
amounted to 42 percent and 31 percent, respectively. The graph below 
shows how much the Group’s costs for these purchases in 2026 would 
be affected if prices were to double from the level as at December 31, 2025.
Sensitivity analysis and hedging of metal prices
SEK million
1,500 
1,200 
900
600
300
0
Nickel Copper
Cost increase if current metal prices increase by 100 
percent, without hedging
Cost increase if current metal prices increase by 100 
percent, with hedging
Risk Management
The Group addresses this risk by securing long-term supply commit-
ments and fixed prices from suppliers for 6 to 12 months, and through 
derivatives for metals and electricity.
For metals, exposure for the expected flows for the coming 12 months is 
hedged between 30 and 70 percent. In certain situations, exposure 
beyond 12 months may also be hedged. For electricity, exposure relating 
to expected flows over the next 12 months is hedged between 30 and 90 
percent, and exposure for the following 13–24 months may be hedged up 
to 80 percent. During periods of sharp price increases, customer pricing 
for titanium products has been linked to Alfa Laval’s purchase prices for 
titanium. The Group has at times experienced significant price fluctua-
tions for many raw materials, but in particular for stainless steel, castings, 
copper and titanium. The Group uses metal forward contracts to hedge 
the price of strategic metals.
Risks relating to equity-related instruments
This risk includes the risk of changes in the value of a financial instrument 
depending on changes in market prices and relates only to financial 
instruments that are listed or otherwise traded. For Alfa Laval, this relates 
to bonds and other securities as well as other long-term holdings of 
securities totalling SEK 218 (430) million. The price risk relating to these 
instruments is deemed to be low, and no specific measures are taken.
Notes
135
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 136]
32.2 Liquidity risk
Description
This risk is defined as the risk of the Group being unable to meet its 
financial obligations when they fall due. The Group’s approach to man-
aging liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have 
sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities as they fall due, under both normal 
and stressed conditions, without incurring major losses or otherwise 
harming the Group.
The maturity structure of the Group’s borrowings is shown in the table 
below. 
Maturity structure of the Group’s borrowings
Y ear
Corporate bonds and 
other loans
Undrawn long-term 
credit facilities
2026 7, 5 69 –
2027 1,081 –
2028 1,081 7 ,566
2029 3,243 –
2030 1,000 –
2031 or later 3,243 –
T otal 17 ,216 7 ,566
Risk Management
Group Treasury is responsible for ensuring that the Group has a sufficient 
liquidity reserve in the form of cash and cash equivalents, current depos-
its and unused committed credit facilities, that not too large a proportion 
of outstanding borrowings fall due within the coming twelve-month 
period, and that the remaining average maturity of the total loan portfolio 
is not too short. The Group’s borrowings are mainly long-term and 
mature only at the end of their agreed terms. Refinancing risk is reduced 
by spreading maturities over time.
Note 30 provides a description of the Group’s indebtedness and how it 
has changed during the year. 
32.3 Credit risk
Credit risk refers to the risk of counterparties being unable to fulfil their 
payment obligations. The risk includes the company’s financial assets 
and obligations to grant credit. Primarily, this involves the risk of custom-
ers being unable to pay for delivered products due to financial difficulties. 
The level of overdue accounts receivable is an indication of the risk the 
company faces of ultimately ending up with doubtful receivables. Bank 
guarantees received and letters of credit transfer the credit risk from the 
customer to the bank, but may still contain credit risk, but now towards 
the bank instead. 
The Group’s costs for credit losses amounted to SEK 86 (159) million in 
2025. The proportion of doubtful accounts receivable as a percentage of 
total accounts receivable amounted to 4.3 (5.1) percent. More informa-
tion on the Group’s accounts receivable can be found in Note 18.
Risk Management
Alfa Laval has established a Group Credit Policy to manage and limit 
credit risk. The Group sells to a large number of customers in countries 
across the world. It is normal for some of these customers to occasionally 
experience payment problems or go bankrupt. No one customer rep-
resents more than 10 percent of revenue and therefore represents a lim-
ited risk. Alfa Laval routinely obtains credit reports on new customers, 
and also on existing customers, when necessary. Previous payment 
history influences whether new orders are accepted. Credit insurance 
solutions are sought in markets with political or economic risks.
Accounts receivable are the single largest financial asset. In light of the 
above, the company is of the opinion that there is no significant concen-
tration of risks in this financial asset.
The Group has a banking strategy aimed at establishing, maintaining 
and developing strong banking relationships at Group level. The purpose 
of this is to provide the Group with long-term banking support, a relevant 
range of products and geographical coverage. 
The Group holds cash and short and long-term investments with various 
financial institutions approved by the Group. These financial institutions 
are located in major countries around the world, and the Group’s policy is 
designed to limit the risk with any single institution. The risk that a coun-
terparty failing to meet its obligations is limited by selecting creditworthy 
counterparties and by limiting exposure to any one counterparty. The 
Group regularly evaluates the creditworthiness of the financial institu-
tions included in its investment strategy. The Group does not require 
collateral for these financial instruments. 
The Group is exposed to credit risk if any counterparty to derivative 
instruments fails to fulfil its commitments. The Group limits this exposure 
by diversifying among highly rated counterparties and by restricting 
transaction volumes with each counterparty. Furthermore, the Group has 
entered into ISDA agreements (International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association) with its counterparties to allow netting of receivables and 
liabilities in the event of counterparty default. 
Note 33. Other liabilities
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
VA T liabilities and employee withholding tax 695 209
Other non-interest bearing current liabilities 2,499 3,582
T otal 3,194 3,791
In addition to liabilities for uninvoiced goods, other non-interest-bearing 
liabilities include bonuses, service tax, audit fees, customs duties and 
deposits.
Note 34. Accrued costs and deferred income
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Accrued social security contributions 251 347
Accrued severance costs 44 43
Accrued interest costs 145 90
Other accrued costs 3,155 2,242
Deferred income 112 71
T otal 3,707 2,792
Notes
136
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 137]
Note 35. Pledged assets and contingent 
liabilities
Breakdown by type and maturity
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Pledged assets
Other pledged collateral 2 2
T otal 2 2
Contingent liabilities
Performance and product guarantees 2,132 2,002
Other contingent liabilities 690 1,414
T otal 2,822 3,416
Other contingent liabilities include letters of credit related to imports, 
discounted bills of exchange with recourse, tender guarantees and pay-
ment guarantees to suppliers.
Note 36. Related party transactions
T etra Pak within the T etra Laval Group is Alfa Laval’s single largest cus-
tomer, representing 7 .5 (6.7) percent of net sales. In June 1999, T etra Pak 
entered into a purchasing agreement with Alfa Laval governing distri-
bution, research and development, marketing and sales information, 
and the use of trademarks and intellectual property rights. The following 
areas are to be agreed on an ongoing basis between representatives of 
the parties: products covered by the agreement, prices and discounts 
for these products, geographical areas and product segments where 
T etra Pak is Alfa Laval’s primary distributor, T etra Pak’s right to place its 
trademark on Alfa Laval products, sales targets for T etra Pak in specified 
geographical areas, products and technologies subject to joint research 
and development and the rights to the research results, as well as the 
use of marketing and sales information. The agreement focuses on 
applications in the field of liquid food where T etra Pak has a natural mar-
ket presence through deliveries of packaging equipment and packaging 
material.
The agreement may be terminated with 12 months’ notice. The prices 
received by T etra Pak are not lower than those Alfa Laval could have 
obtained in sales to a comparable third party. Prices are set on a calen-
dar year basis.
The Board of Directors of Alfa Laval AB (publ) includes two directors, 
Finn Rausing and Jörn Rausing, who also serve as directors of the Board 
of the T etra Laval Group.
At year-end, the Alfa Laval Group had the following balance sheet items 
with companies within the T etra Laval Group (T etra Pak and DeLaval).
Receivables from/liabilities to related parties
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Accounts receivable 268 171
Accounts payable 10 6
Alfa Laval has had the following transactions with companies within the 
T etra Laval group (T etra Pak and DeLaval).
Revenue from related parties
Group, SEK million 2025 2024
Net sales 5,198 4,504
Note 37 . Government grants
Accounting policies
Government grants are recognized in profit or loss over the same 
periods as the costs the grants are intended to compensate. The grants 
are recognized in the income statement as a deduction from these costs.
Alfa Laval received SEK 21 (37) million in government grants during 
2025, of which SEK 6 (21) million related to employment or corporate 
support, SEK 2 (0) million to energy support, and SEK 13 (16) million to 
investment support. Most of this relates to China and Italy.
Note 38. Events after the balance sheet date
No significant events have occurred since the balance sheet date.
Notes
137
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 138]
Note 39. Cash-flow reclassification bridge
Consolidated cash flow statement
Jan–Dec 2024
SEK million Earlier Details Retranslated
Operating activities
Operating income 10,435 – 10,435
Adjustment for depreciation and amortization 2,418 – 2,418
Adjustment for change in provisions1) – -103 -103
Adjustment for other non-cash items 78 – 78
Operating cash surplus 12,931 -103 12,828
T axes paid -2,359 – -2,359
Cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital 10,572 -103 10,469
Change in working capital:
Increase (-) / decrease (+) in receivables -593 – -593
Increase (-) / decrease (+) in inventories 16 – 16
Increase (+) / decrease (-) in liabilities2) 2,267 619 2,886
Increase (+) / decrease (-) in provisions1) -103 103 –
Increase (-) / decrease (+) in working capital 1,587 722 2,309
Cash flow from operating activities 12,159 619 12,778
Investing activities
Investments in non-current assets -3,336 – -3,336
Disposal of non-current assets 105 – 105
Acquisition of businesses -50 – -50
Cash flow from investing activities -3,281 – -3,281
Financing activities
Interest and dividends received3) 183 -183 –
Interest paid3) -520 520 –
Interest paid and received3) – -337 -337
Realized financial exchange gains4) 50 -50 –
Realized financial exchange losses4) -221 221 –
Dividends to owners of the parent -3,100 – -3,100
Dividends to non-controlling interests -33 – -33
Amortization of lease liability2) – -619 -619
Increase (-) in financial assets4) -453 453 –
Decrease (+) in financial assets4) 542 -542 –
Increase in loans 1,664 – 1,664
Amortization of loans -4,850 – -4,850
Other cash flows from financing activities4) – -82 -82
Cash flow from financing activities -6,738 -619 -7 ,357
Cash flow for the period 2,140 – 2,140
Cash and cash equivalents at start of period 5,135 – 5,135
Translation differences in cash and cash equivalents 94 – 94
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 7, 3 69 – 7, 3 69
Free cash flow per share (SEK)5) 21.60 1.50 23.10
Investments in relation to net sales 5.0% – 5.0%
1) Change in provisions has been moved to Operating cash surplus.
2) Amortization of lease liability is moved to Financing activities.
3) Interest and dividends received and Interest paid are reported net as Interest paid and received.
4) Realized financial gains and losses and changes in financial assets have been netted and reported as Other cash flows from financing activities.
5) Free cash flow per share has been affected by the changes in Operating activities. The average number of shares amounts to 413,326,315 for all periods.
Notes
138
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 139]
Declaration by the Board of Directors and the CEO
The undersigned certify that the annual report for the Group and the parent company has been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as adopted by the EU, and with generally accepted accounting principles, respectively, and that it gives 
a true and fair view of the Group’s and the parent company’s financial position and earnings. The certification also confirms that the Board of 
Directors’ Report provides a true and fair overview of the development of the Group’s and the parent company’s operations, financial position 
and results, and describes the material risks and uncertainties facing the Group’s companies. The Board of Directors and the CEO also certify 
that the annual report has been prepared in accordance with the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) and the specifications 
adopted pursuant to the EU T axonomy Regulation. The contents of this annual report were determined on 3 March 2026.
Ulf Wiinberg 
Director
Henrik Lange 
Director
Finn Rausing 
Director
Anders Jansson 
Employee representative
Johan Ranhög 
Employee representative
Henrik Nielsen 
Employee representative
Jörn Rausing 
Director
Nadine Crauwels 
Director
Ray Mauritsson 
Director
Lilian Fossum Biner 
Director
Annica Bresky 
Director
Anna Müller 
Director
Dennis Jönsson 
Chairman
T om Erixon 
President and CEO
Our auditor’s report regarding the annual report and the consolidated financial statements was issued on 24 March 2026. 
Our audit report regarding the statutory sustainability report was issued on 24 March 2026.
Andreas Troberg 
Authorized Public Accountant
Hanna Fehland 
Authorized Public Accountant
Lund, 23 March 2026
Declaration by the Board of Directors and the CEO 
139
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 140]
Auditor’s 
Reports

[page 141]
Auditor’s report
T o the general meeting of the shareholders of Alfa Laval AB (publ),  
corporate identity number 556587 -8054
Report on the annual accounts and consolidated accounts
Opinions
We have audited the annual accounts and consolidated accounts of 
Alfa Laval AB (publ) except for the sustainability statement on pages 
16-69 and the corporate governance statement on pages 70-89 for 
the year 2025. The annual accounts and consolidated accounts of the 
company are included on pages 9-139 in this document.
In our opinion, the annual accounts have been prepared in accordance 
with the Annual Accounts Act and present fairly, in all material 
respects, the financial position of the parent company as of 31 Decem -
ber 2025 and its financial performance and cash flow for the year then 
ended in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act. The consolidated 
accounts have been prepared in accordance with the Annual Accounts 
Act and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of 
the group as of 31 December 2025 and their financial performance and 
cash flow for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting 
Standards, as adopted by the EU, and the Annual Accounts Act. Our 
opinions do not cover the sustainability statement on pages 16-69 and 
the corporate governance statement on pages 70-89. The statutory 
administration report is consistent with the other parts of the annual 
accounts and consolidated accounts.
We therefore recommend that the general meeting of shareholders 
adopts the income statement and balance sheet for the parent com -
pany and the group.
Our opinions in this report on the annual accounts and consolidated 
accounts are consistent with the content of the additional report that 
has been submitted to the parent company’s audit committee in accor -
dance with the Audit Regulation (537 /2014) Article 11.
Basis for Opinions
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards 
on Auditing (ISA) and generally accepted auditing standards in Swe -
den. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in 
the Auditor’s Responsibilities section. We are independent of the par -
ent company and the group in accordance with professional ethics for 
accountants in Sweden and have otherwise fulfilled our ethical respon -
sibilities in accordance with these requirements. This includes that, 
based on the best of our knowledge and belief, no prohibited services 
referred to in the Audit Regulation (537 /2014) Article 5.1 have been 
provided to the audited company or, where applicable, its parent com -
pany or its controlled companies within the EU.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinions.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters of the audit are those matters that, in our profes -
sional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the annual 
accounts and consolidated accounts of the current period. These mat -
ters were addressed in the context of our audit of, and in forming our 
opinion thereon, the annual accounts and consolidated accounts as a 
whole, but we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For 
each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the 
matter is provided in that context. 
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s respon -
sibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report, 
including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included 
the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment 
of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements. The 
results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to 
address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on 
the accompanying financial statements. 
Goodwill
Description How our audit addressed this key audit matter
Book value of goodwill amounts to 29 722 MSEK per 31 st December 2025 
which corresponds to 30% of the group’s total assets. The company evaluates 
whether the book value of goodwill exceeds its recoverable amount on an 
annual basis or upon indications of declining value. The recoverable amount is 
determined for each cash-generating unit through means of a calculation of the 
present net value of future cash flows. Future cash flows are based on manage -
ment’s business plans and forecasts and include various assumptions such as 
development in earnings, growth, investment needs and discount rates. If a 
decision is made to wind up or dispose of a business, a separate impairment 
test is performed and a write down is recorded if the recoverable amount is 
lower than the recorded value for the business.
Changes to the assumptions could have a major impact on the calculation of 
the recoverable amount and the assumptions applied by the company are thus 
important to the assessment as to whether an impairment is present. We have 
thus determined valuation of goodwill to represent a key audit matter for the group.
A description of goodwill and the impairment tests is included in note 11.
During our audit we have evaluated and tested the company’s process for the 
impairment test, for example by evaluating historic growth and current fore -
casts. We have also benchmarked with peer companies in order to evaluate the 
reasonableness of the valuation and, through support of our valuation special -
ists, evaluated the chosen discount rate and assumptions on long-term growth. 
We have also evaluated the company’s model and method for executing the 
impairment test and made sensitivity analyses.
In our audit we have also examined whether the disclosures in the annual report 
are appropriate and in accordance with the assumptions applied by group 
management. 
Auditor's Reports
141
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 142]
Other provisions
Description How our audit addressed this key audit matter
Book value of other provisions in the group amounts to 2 518 MSEK per 31st 
December 2025. The provisions amongst other relates to provision for expected 
expenses for warranties, litigation, restructuring and deferred costs, as 
expressed in note 26 Other provisions.
The provisions include assumptions about future outcome, primarily as it relates 
to amount, timing and magnitude of the final settlement. Provisions for this type 
of expenses are uncertain and are based on various assumptions made by the 
company. Changes to the assumptions upon which the provisions are based 
could have a major impact on the reported earnings.
We have obtained the group’s documentation of the provisions. We have evalu -
ated the provisions recorded and discussed the assumptions and risk assess -
ments made by the company for each major provision in order to establish that 
the provisions are in compliance with applicable accounting standards. We 
have also followed up the provisions with legal assessments, documented 
decisions and historic outcome.
In our audit we have also examined whether the disclosures in the annual report 
are appropriate.
Acquisition of Fives Energy Cryogenics
Description How our audit addressed this key audit matter
In July 2025, the company completed the acquisition of Fives Energy Cryogen -
ics for a purchase consideration of 9 210 MSEK. The purchase price allocation is 
performed by identifying the acquired assets and liabilities and measuring them 
at fair value based on valuation models applicable to each asset or liability. The 
purchase price allocation for the acquisition is presented in Note 16. After allo -
cating the purchase consideration to the identifiable assets and liabilities, the 
remaining amount has been recognized as goodwill. Given that the identifica -
tion and valuation of assets and liabilities in a purchase price allocation involves 
significant judgment and the use of complex valuation models, we have deter -
mined this to be a key audit matter. Disclosures related to the company’s 
accounting policies, significant estimates, and judgments are provided in Note 1.
As part of our audit, we have evaluated the company’s process for accounting 
for business combinations. We have reviewed the purchase price allocation and 
agreed the underlying data to supporting documentation. We have involved 
valuation specialists to assess the valuation models applied as well as the 
significant assumptions used in the accounting for the business combination. 
We have assessed the valuation models used to be consistent with established 
valuation techniques commonly applied in purchase price allocations. 
In our audit we have also examined whether the disclosures in the annual report 
are appropriate.
Other Information than the annual accounts and consolidated 
accounts
This document also contains other information than the annual 
accounts and consolidated accounts and is found on pages 1-8, 16-69 
and 148-155. The other information also includes the remuneration 
report and report that we obtained before the date of this auditor’s 
report. The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsi -
ble for this other information. 
Our opinion on the annual accounts and consolidated accounts does 
not cover this other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion regarding this other information.
In connection with our audit of the annual accounts and consolidated 
accounts, our responsibility is to read the information identified above and 
consider whether the information is materially inconsistent with the annual 
accounts and consolidated accounts. In this procedure we also take into 
account our knowledge otherwise obtained in the audit and assess 
whether the information otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If we, based on the work performed concerning this information, con -
clude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we 
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing 
Director
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for 
the preparation of the annual accounts and consolidated accounts and 
that they give a fair presentation in accordance with the Annual 
Accounts Act and, concerning the consolidated accounts, in accor -
dance with IFRS Accounting Standards as adopted by the EU. The 
Board of Directors and the Managing Director are also responsible for 
such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the 
preparation of annual accounts and consolidated accounts that are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the annual accounts and consolidated accounts, The 
Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the 
assessment of the company’s and the group’s ability to continue as a 
going concern. They disclose, as applicable, matters related to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting. The going 
concern basis of accounting is however not applied if the Board of 
Directors and the Managing Director intends to liquidate the company, 
to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The Audit Committee shall, without prejudice to the Board of Director’s 
responsibilities and tasks in general, among other things oversee the 
company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s responsibility
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the 
annual accounts and consolidated accounts as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an 
auditor’s report that includes our opinions. Reasonable assurance is a 
high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted 
in accordance with ISAs and generally accepted auditing standards in 
Sweden will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered mate -
rial if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be 
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the 
basis of these annual accounts and consolidated accounts.
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judg-
ment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the annual 
accounts and consolidated accounts, whether due to fraud or error, 
design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and 
obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a 
basis for our opinions. The risk of not detecting a material misstate -
ment resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as 
fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepre -
sentations, or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of the company’s internal control relevant to 
our audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in 
the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion 
on the effectiveness of the company’s internal control. 
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the 
reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures 
made by the Board of Directors and the Managing Director. 
Auditor's Reports
142
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 143]
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ and the 
Managing Director’s use of the going concern basis of accounting in 
preparing the annual accounts and consolidated accounts. We also 
draw a conclusion, based on the audit evidence obtained, as to 
whether any material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions 
that may cast significant doubt on the company’s and the group’s 
ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material 
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s 
report to the related disclosures in the annual accounts and consoli -
dated accounts or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our 
opinion about the annual accounts and consolidated accounts. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date 
of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause 
a company and a group to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the annual 
accounts and consolidated accounts, including the disclosures, and 
whether the annual accounts and consolidated accounts represent 
the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair 
presentation.
• Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient and appropriate 
audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or 
business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on 
the consolidated accounts. We are responsible for the direction, 
supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of 
the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our opinions. 
We must inform the Board of Directors of, among other matters, the 
planned scope and timing of the audit. We must also inform of signifi -
cant audit findings during our audit, including any significant deficien -
cies in internal control that we identified.
We must also provide the Board of Directors with a statement that we 
have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding indepen -
dence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other mat -
ters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and 
where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or related safe -
guards applied.
From the matters communicated with the Board of Directors, we deter -
mine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the 
annual accounts and consolidated accounts, including the most 
important assessed risks for material misstatement, and are therefore 
the key audit matters. We describe these matters in the auditor’s report 
unless law or regulation precludes disclosure about the matter. 
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements 
Report on the audit of the administration and the proposed appropriations of the company’s profit or loss
Opinions
In addition to our audit of the annual accounts and consolidated 
accounts, we have also audited the administration of the Board of 
Directors and the Managing Director of Alfa Laval AB (publ) for the year 
2025 and the proposed appropriations of the company’s profit or loss.
We recommend to the general meeting of shareholders that the profit be 
appropriated in accordance with the proposal in the statutory adminis -
tration report and that the members of the Board of Directors and the 
Managing Director be discharged from liability for the financial year.
Basis for opinions
We conducted the audit in accordance with generally accepted audit-
ing standards in Sweden. Our responsibilities under those standards are 
further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities section. We are inde-
pendent of the parent company and the group in accordance with pro-
fessional ethics for accountants in Sweden and have otherwise fulfilled 
our ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinions.
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing 
Director
The Board of Directors is responsible for the proposal for appropriations 
of the company’s profit or loss. At the proposal of a dividend, this includes 
an assessment of whether the dividend is justifiable considering the 
requirements which the company’s and the group’s type of operations, 
size and risks place on the size of the parent company’s and the group’s 
equity, consolidation requirements, liquidity and position in general.
The Board of Directors is responsible for the company’s organization 
and the administration of the company’s affairs. This includes among 
other things continuous assessment of the company’s and the group’s 
financial situation and ensuring that the company’s organization is 
designed so that the accounting, management of assets and the com -
pany’s financial affairs otherwise are controlled in a reassuring manner. 
The Managing Director shall manage the ongoing administration 
according to the Board of Directors’ guidelines and instructions and 
among other matters take measures that are necessary to fulfill the 
company’s accounting in accordance with law and handle the man -
agement of assets in a reassuring manner.
Auditor’s responsibility
Our objective concerning the audit of the administration, and thereby 
our opinion about discharge from liability, is to obtain audit evidence to 
assess with a reasonable degree of assurance whether any member of 
the Board of Directors or the Managing Director in any material respect:
• has undertaken any action or been guilty of any omission which can 
give rise to liability to the company, or
• in any other way has acted in contravention of the Companies Act, 
the Annual Accounts Act or the Articles of Association.
Our objective concerning the audit of the proposed appropriations of 
the company’s profit or loss, and thereby our opinion about this, is to 
assess with reasonable degree of assurance whether the proposal is in 
accordance with the Companies Act.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guaran -
tee that an audit conducted in accordance with generally accepted 
auditing standards in Sweden will always detect actions or omissions 
that can give rise to liability to the company, or that the proposed 
appropriations of the company’s profit or loss are not in accordance 
with the Companies Act.
As part of an audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards in Sweden, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional skepticism throughout the audit. The examination of the 
administration and the proposed appropriations of the company’s 
profit or loss is based primarily on the audit of the accounts. Additional 
audit procedures performed are based on our professional judgment 
with starting point in risk and materiality. This means that we focus the 
examination on such actions, areas and relationships that are material 
for the operations and where deviations and violations would have 
particular importance for the company’s situation. We examine and 
test decisions undertaken, support for decisions, actions taken and 
other circumstances that are relevant to our opinion concerning dis -
charge from liability. As a basis for our opinion on the Board of Direc -
tors’ proposed appropriations of the company’s profit or loss we 
examined the Board of Directors’ reasoned statement and a selection 
of supporting evidence in order to be able to assess whether the pro -
posal is in accordance with the Companies Act.
Auditor's Reports
143
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 144]
The auditor’s examination of the ESEF report
Opinion
In addition to our audit of the annual accounts and consolidated accounts, 
we have also examined that the Board of Directors and the Managing 
Director have prepared the annual accounts and consolidated accounts 
in a format that enables uniform electronic reporting (the Esef report) 
pursuant to Chapter 16, Section 4(a) of the Swedish Securities Market 
Act (2007:528) for Alfa Laval AB (publ) for the financial year 2025. 
Our examination and our opinion relate only to the statutory requirements.
In our opinion, the Esef report has been prepared in a format that, in all 
material respects, enables uniform electronic reporting.
Basis for opinion
We have performed the examination in accordance with FAR’s recommen-
dation RevR 18 Examination of the ESEF report. Our responsibility under 
this recommendation is described in more detail in the Auditors’ respon-
sibility section. We are independent of Alfa Laval AB (publ) in accordance 
with professional ethics for accountants in Sweden and have otherwise 
fulfilled our ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. 
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appro -
priate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for 
the preparation of the Esef report in accordance with Chapter 16, Sec -
tion 4(a) of the Swedish Securities Market Act (2007:528), and for 
such internal control that the Board of Directors and the Managing 
Director determine is necessary to prepare the Esef report without 
material misstatements, whether due to fraud or error.
Auditor’s responsibility
Our responsibility is to obtain reasonable assurance whether the Esef 
report is in all material respects prepared in a format that meets the 
requirements of Chapter 16, Section 4(a) of the Swedish Securities 
Market Act (2007:528), based on the procedures performed.
RevR 18 requires us to plan and execute procedures to achieve reason -
able assurance that the Esef report is prepared in a format that meets 
these requirements. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but it is not a guar -
antee that an engagement carried out according to RevR 18 and gen -
erally accepted auditing standards in Sweden will always detect a 
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from 
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggre -
gate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of the Esef report. 
The audit firm applies ISQM 1 Quality Management for Firms that Perform 
Audits or Reviews of Financial Statements, or other Assurance or Related 
Services Engagements which requires the firm to design, implement and 
operate a system of quality management, including policies and proce-
dures regarding compliance with professional ethical requirements, pro-
fessional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
The examination involves obtaining evidence, through various proce -
dures, that the Esef report has been prepared in a format that enables 
uniform electronic reporting of the annual and consolidated accounts. 
The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the 
assessment of the risks of material misstatement in the report, whether 
due to fraud or error. In carrying out this risk assessment, and in order to 
design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, the 
auditor considers those elements of internal control that are relevant to 
the preparation of the Esef report by the Board of Directors and the Man-
aging Director, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the 
effectiveness of those internal controls. The examination also includes 
an evaluation of the appropriateness and reasonableness of assump -
tions made by the Board of Directors and the Managing Director. 
The procedures mainly include a validation that the Esef report has 
been prepared in a valid XHTML format and a reconciliation of the Esef 
report with the audited annual accounts and consolidated accounts.
Furthermore, the procedures also include an assessment of whether the 
consolidated statement of financial performance, financial position, changes 
in equity, cash flow and disclosures in the Esef report have been marked 
with iXBRL in accordance with what follows from the Esef regulation.
The auditor’s examination of the corporate 
 governance statement
The Board of Directors is responsible for that the corporate governance 
statement on pages 70-89 has been prepared in accordance with the 
Annual Accounts Act.
Our examination of the corporate governance statement is conducted 
in accordance with FAR´s standard RevR 16 The auditor´s examination 
of the corporate governance statement.  This means that our examina -
tion of the corporate governance statement is different and substan -
tially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing and generally accepted auditing 
standards in Sweden. We believe that the examination has provided us 
with sufficient basis for our opinions.
A corporate governance statement has been prepared. Disclosures in 
accordance with chapter 6 section 6 the second paragraph points 2-6 
of the Annual Accounts Act and chapter 7 section 31 the second para -
graph the same law are consistent with the other parts of the annual 
accounts and consolidated accounts and are in accordance with the 
Annual Accounts Act.
Andreas Troberg 
Authorized Public Accountant
Hanna Fehland  
Authorized Public Accountant
Andreas Troberg, Ernst & Young AB, Box 7850, 103 99 Stockholm, was appointed auditor of Alfa Laval AB (publ) by the general meeting  
of the shareholders on the 29 th of April 2025 and has been the company’s auditor since the 25 th of April 2023.
Hanna Fehland, Ernst & Young AB, Box 7850, 103 99 Stockholm, was appointed auditor of Alfa Laval AB (publ) by the general meeting  
of the shareholders on the 29 th of April 2025 and has been the company’s auditor since the 25 th of April 2024.
 .
Lund 24th March 2026 
Ernst & Young AB
Auditor's Reports
144
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 145]
Auditor’s limited assurance report on  
Alfa Laval AB’s  sustainability statement
This is the translation of the auditor´s report in Swedish. 
T o the General Meeting of the shareholders Alfa Laval AB,  
corporate identity number 556587 -8054
Conclusion
We have conducted a limited assurance engagement of the 
sustainability statement prepared by Alfa Laval AB (the com -
pany) for the financial year 2025. The sustainability statement 
is included on pages 16–69 of this document.
Based on our limited assurance engagement as described in 
the section Auditor’s Responsibility, nothing has come to our 
attention that causes us to believe that the sustainability state -
ment is not, in all material respects, prepared in accordance 
with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act, which includes:
• Whether the sustainability statement meets the requirements 
of ESRS 
• Whether the process carried out by the company to identify 
reported sustainability information has been conducted as 
described in the sustainability statement; and
• Compliance with the reporting requirements in Article 8 of the 
EU’s Green Taxonomy Regulation.
Basis for Conclusion
We have conducted the limited assurance engagement in 
accordance with FAR’s recommendation RevR 19 – Revisorns 
översiktliga granskning av den lagstadgade hållbarhetsrap -
porten. Our responsibility under this recommendation is 
described in more detail in the section Auditor’s Responsibility.
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our conclusion.
Other Information than the sustainability statement
This document also contains other information than the sus -
tainability statement, found on pages 2–15 and 70–155 with 
exception for information on pages 141–146. The Board of 
 Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for this 
other information.
Our conclusion on the sustainability statement does not cover 
this other information, and we do not express any conclusion 
with assurance regarding this other information.
In connection with our limited assurance engagement on the 
sustainability statement, our responsibility is to read the infor -
mation identified above and consider whether the information is 
materially inconsistent with the sustainability statement. In this 
procedure we also take into account our knowledge otherwise 
obtained in the limited assurance engagement and assess 
whether the information otherwise appears to be materially 
misstated.
If we based on the work performed concerning this information, 
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other 
information, we are required to report that fact. We have noth -
ing to report in this regard.
Other matter 
The disclosures in the sustainability statement regarding the 
previous financial year have, in certain cases, been subject to 
a limited assurance engagement in accordance with ISAE 
3000 (Revised), Assurance Engagements Other than Audits 
or Reviews of Historical Financial Information, applied together 
with RevR 6 Assurance of Sustainability Information  in accor-
dance with the assurance report issued March 28, 2025. Other 
comparative figures in the sustainability statement for the year 
2025 have not been subject to a review.
Responsibilities of the Board of directors and Managing 
Director
The Board of Directors, and the Managing Director, are respon -
sible for the preparation of sustainability statement in accor -
dance with Chapter 6, Sections 12–12f of the Swedish Annual 
Accounts Act, and for such internal control as the Board of 
Directors and the Managing Director determine is necessary to 
enable the preparation of the sustainability statement that is 
free from material misstatements, whether due to fraud or error.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express a conclusion whether the sus -
tainability statement is prepared in accordance with Chapter 6, 
Sections 12–12 f of the Swedish Annual Accounts Act based on 
our limited assurance engagement.
The limited assurance engagement has been conducted in 
accordance with FAR’s recommendation RevR 19 Revisorns 
översiktliga granskning av den lagstadgade hållbarhetsrap -
porten. This recommendation requires that we plan and 
 perform our procedures to obtain limited assurance that the 
sustainability statement is prepared in accordance with these 
requirements.
The procedures in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature 
and timing from, and are less in extent than for, a reasonable 
assurance engagement. Consequently, the level of assurance 
obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially 
lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had 
a reasonable assurance engagement been performed. This 
means that it is not possible for us to obtain such assurance 
that we become aware of all significant matters that could have 
Auditor's Reports
145
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 146]
been identified if a reasonable assurance engagement had 
been performed.
Our firm applies ISQM 1 (International Standard on Quality 
Management), which requires the firm to design, implement, 
and manage a quality management system including guide -
lines or procedures regarding compliance with ethical require -
ments, standards of professional practice, and applicable laws 
and regulations.
We are independent of Alfa Laval AB in accordance with pro -
fessional ethics for accountants in in Sweden and have other -
wise fulfilled our ethical responsibilities according to these 
requirements.
A limited assurance engagement involves performing proce -
dures to obtain evidence to support the sustainability infor -
mation. The auditor selects the procedures to be performed, 
including assessing the risks of material misstatements in the 
sustainability statement, whether due to fraud or error. In this 
risk assessment, the auditor considers the parts of the internal 
control that are relevant to how the Board of Directors and the 
Managing Director prepares the sustainability statement, in 
order to design procedures that are appropriate under the cir -
cumstances, but not for the purpose of providing a conclusion on 
the effectiveness of the company’s internal control. The review 
consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for 
the preparation of the sustainability statement, performing ana-
lytical review, and conducting other limited review procedures.
The review procedures primarily include:
Our review procedures regarding the process the company 
have undertaken to identify sustainability information to report 
included, but were not limited to the following:
• Obtaining an understanding of the process by conducting 
inquiries to understand the sources of the information used by 
management (e.g., stakeholder dialogues, business plans, 
and strategy documents), and
• Reviewing the company’s internal documentation of its pro-
cess; and
• Evaluating whether the information obtained from our proce -
dures regarding the process implemented by the company 
aligns with the description of the process on pages 19-21 in 
the sustainability statement.
Our review procedures regarding the sustainability statement 
included, but were not limited to the following:
• Through inquiries, obtaining a general understanding of the 
internal control environment, reporting processes, and infor -
mation systems relevant to the preparation of the information 
in the sustainability statement.
• Evaluating whether information identified as material through 
the process the company has undertaken to identify the con -
tent of the sustainability statement is also included.
• Evaluating whether the structure and presentation of the sus -
tainability statements are consistent with the requirements of 
ESRS;
• Conducting inquiries with relevant personnel and analytical 
review procedures regarding selected disclosures in the sus -
tainability statements;
• Performing substantive review procedures of selected disclo -
sures in the sustainability statements;
• Obtain, through inquiries and analytical review procedures, 
support for the methods used for preparing material estimates 
and forward-looking information and on how these methods 
were applied; 
Our review procedures regarding the taxonomy disclosures 
included, but were not limited to the following:
• Obtaining an understanding of the process for identifying 
 economic activities that are covered by and are consistent 
with the EU Green Taxonomy and the corresponding disclo -
sures in the sustainability statement. 
• Conducting inquiries to relevant personnel and analytical 
review procedures on the taxonomy disclosures;
• Conducting inquiries to understand the sources of the infor -
mation used in the taxonomy disclosures;
• Evaluating whether the presentation of the taxonomy disclo -
sures is consistent with the requirements of the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation.
Inherent limitations
In reporting forward-looking information in accordance with 
ESRS, the board and management of Alfa Laval AB must pre -
pare forward-looking information based on specified assump -
tions about events that may occur in the future and possible 
future activities of Alfa Laval AB. Actual outcomes are likely to 
differ, as expected events often do not occur as anticipated.
Stockholm, 24 March 2026 
 
Ernst & Young AB
Andreas Troberg  
Authorized Public  
Accountant
Hanna Fehland  
Authorized Public  
Accountant
Auditor's Reports
146
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 147]
Other

[page 148]
Alfa Laval incl. reinvested dividendsT otal share turnover per month (incl. trading 
on alternative marketplaces and OTC trading)OMX Stockholm Index
Alfa Laval
SIX Return
SX Industrials index
0
5,000
10,000
15,000
20,000
25,000
decnovoctsepaugjuljunmayaprmarfebjan
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
02 05 15 20 25100
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
800
900
Price trend, January 1 – December 31, 2025
Source: Bloomberg
T otal return, May 17 , 2002 – December 31, 2025
Source: Bloomberg
Alfa Laval’s share in 2025
In 2025, Alfa Laval’s share showed stable development but 
increased more slowly than the benchmark index. The share 
price was recorded at SEK 465.70 (464.60) at the close of the 
last trading day of the year, representing an increase of SEK 
3.10 since the start of the year. This is equivalent to growth of 
0.67 percent, which is comparable with OMX Stockholm 
Industrials, the industry index for industrial shares in which Alfa 
Laval is included, which was up 9.40 percent in 2025. The 
Stockholm Stock Exchange as a whole (OMXSPI) increased 
by 9.54 percent. The year’s highest closing price for Alfa Laval’s 
share, SEK 495.70, was recorded on 31 January. The year’s 
lowest closing price, SEK 372.80, was recorded on 9 April. At 
the end of the year, Alfa Laval’s market capitalisation amounted 
to SEK 192.49 billion (191.2). The Alfa Laval share is listed on 
Nasdaq Stockholm and is included in the Large Cap segment 
of the Stockholm and Nordic stock exchanges, as well as 
OMXS30, which includes the 30 most traded shares in 
Stockholm. 
Long-term total return
Since Alfa Laval was relisted on the Stockholm Stock Exchange 
on 17 May 2002, the share, including reinvested dividends, has 
returned 3,123 percent. Measured over the listing period, this 
gives an average annual effective return of 15.90 percent. This 
can be compared to an effective annual return of 10.54 percent 
for the Stockholm Stock Exchange during the same period (SIX 
Return Index).
The share’s turnover
During the year, Alfa Laval’s share was traded not only on 
 Nasdaq Stockholm but also on the Chicago Board Options 
Exchange (CBOE) Global Markets, the London Stock 
Exchange and Tradeweb APA, to name but a few of the major 
alternative stock exchanges. In 2025, the Stockholm Stock 
Exchange accounted for 20.82 percent (25.78) of all trading 
in the share. Trading on CBOE Global Markets was greatest, 
at 59.97 percent (53.57). The turnover of Alfa Laval’s share 
increased in 2025, amounting to 715 million shares (543). This 
meant that the share turnover rate increased in 2025, to 1.73 
times the number of outstanding shares (1.31). In 2025, the 
average number of trades in Alfa Laval’s share also increased 
to 2.87 million shares per trading day (2.16), which includes all 
trading venues. Trading in the share represented a total trans-
action value of SEK 309.30 billion (239.40).
Dividend policy
The objective of the Board of Directors is to regularly propose a 
dividend that reflects the Group’s performance and financial 
status, as well as current and anticipated capital requirements. 
Taking into account the Group’s cash-generating capacity, the 
objective is to pay dividends equivalent to 40 to 50 percent of net 
income over a business cycle. For 2025, the Board of Directors 
therefore proposes a dividend of SEK 9.00 per share (8.50). The 
proposed dividend is equivalent to 42.65 percent of profit per 
share (44.5), adjusted for surplus values.
Share capital
The quotient value amounted to SEK 2.70 (2.70) per share at 
the end of the year. All shares have equal voting rights and pro-
vide the same entitlement to the company’s assets. There are 
no outstanding options or other instruments that could result in 
dilution for shareholders. The total number of shares at the end 
of the year amounted to 413,326,315, the same as at the start 
of the year. 
Shareholders
At the end of 2025. Alfa Laval had 64,660 shareholders 
(56,542), representing an increase of 8,118 shareholders 
(2,444) compared to the previous year. The ten biggest share -
holders controlled 60.47 percent of shares (60.72). Winder 
Holding AG is the biggest shareholder. Seven of the ten biggest 
owners were the same as last year, while three new owners 
joined the list of the ten biggest. These were Swedbank Robur 
Fonder, SEB Investment Management and Carnegie Fonder.
Other
148
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 149]
Dividend and percentage of 
adjusted EPS 6)
Dividend 7) Percentage of adjusted EPS Sweden USA Other
0
25
50
75
100
20252024202320222021
%
0.0
2.5
5.0
7. 5
10.0
2524232221
0
20
40
60
80
%SEK
46.2 46.9
43.7
44.5 42.7
6.0 
6.0 
7.5
8.5
9.0
6) Adjusted for step up amortization net of taxes.
7) Board motion to the Annual General Meeting.
Source: Alfa Laval
Geographic distribution of the free 
float, % of capital and voting rights 8)
8) Excluding Winder Holding (Switzerland 29.5 %).
Source: Euroclear
Share turnover on various 
marketplaces 2024
1 CBOE Global Markets 60 %
2 Nasdaq OMX 21 %
3 London SE 6 %
4 Tradeweb APA 3 %
5 TradEcho EU APA 3 %
6 Aquis Exchange - EU 2 %
7 Other 5 %
Source: Bloomberg
1
2
3
4
5 6 7
Ownership distribution by size at December 31, 2025
No. Of 
shareholders
No. Of  
shareholders, % No. Of shares Holding, %
1–500 55,027 85.10% 5,498,004 1.33%
501–1,000 4,440 6.87% 3,509,013 0.85%
1,001–5,000 3,918 6.06% 8,622,282 2.09%
5,001–10,000  506 0.78% 3,752,331 0.91%
10,001–20,000  173 0.27% 2,132,992 0.52%
20,001–50,000  94 0.15% 1,689,676 0.41%
50,001–  502 0.78% 388,122,017 93.90%
Total  64,660 100.00%  413,326,315 100.00%
Source: Euroclear
Ownership categories at December 31, 2025
No. of shares Holding, %
Financial companies  96,122,517 23.26%
Other financial companies  780,171 0.19%
Social insurance funds  11,434,185 2.77%
Government  1,369,468 0.33%
Municipal sector  7 7, 3 0 0 0.02%
Trade organizations  4,561,888 1.10%
Other Swedish legal entities  8,905,152 2.15%
Uncategorized legal entities  96,173 0.02%
Shareholders domiciled abroad (legal entities 
and individuals)
 267, 2 1 5 ,6 8 5 64.65%
Swedish individuals  22,763,776 5.51%
Total  413,326,315 100.00%
Source: Euroclear
Data per share
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Share price at year-end, SEK 465.7 464.6 403.3  301.10  364.40 
Highest paid, SEK 495.5 494.7 405.4  382.70  388.80 
Lowest paid, SEK 372.8 366.8 304  234.80  219.60 
Shareholders’ equity, SEK 105.86 102.30 90.43  86.27  7 7.11 
Earnings per share 20.01 17. 8 8 15.31  10.89  11.38 
Dividend, SEK 1) 9.00 8.50  7. 5 0  6.00  6.00 
Free cash flow, SEK 2) 16.12 23.1  16.50 -5.38  0.57 
Price change during the year, % 0.67 14.68 33.98 -17.4 0  61.00 
Dividend as % of EPS, % 44.98  47. 5 4  48.99  55.10  52.72 
Direct return, % 3) 1.93  1.83  1.86  1.99  1.65 
Share price/shareholders’ 
equity, multiple
4.40  4.54  4.46  3.49  4.73 
P/E ratio 4) 23.27  25.98  26.34  27.6 5  32.02 
No. of shareholders 64,660  56,542  54,098  54,245  44,136 
Source: Bloomberg, Euroclear, Alfa Laval
1) Board motion to the Annual General Meeting.
2) Free cash flow is the sum of cash flow from operating and investing activities.
3 )  Measured as the proposed dividend in relation to closing price on the last trading day. The 
direct return for 2025 is calculated based on the board’s proposal to the general meeting.
4) Closing price on the last trading day in relation to earnings per share.
T en largest shareholders at December 31, 2025 5)
No. of shares
Capital/
voting 
rights,%
Change in 
holding in 2025, 
percentage 
points
Winder Holding AG  122,037 ,736 29.53 0.00
State Street Bank and Trust Company  29,388,801 7.11 -0.25
BNY Mellon  18,286,266 4.42 -2.00
Northern Trust Company  14,144,558 3.42 -0.38
AMF Tjänstepension  13,845,587 3.35 1.78
JP Morgan Chase  12,826,568 3.10 -0.31
Swedbank Robur Fonder  11,937,721 2.89 1.92
Alecta Tjänstepension  10,394,389 2.51 -2.44
SEB Investment Management  9,778,511 2.37 2.37
Carnegie Fonder  7 ,292,900 1.76 0.86
Total ten largest shareholders  249,933,037 60.47 -0.25
Source: Euroclear
5) The table is adjusted for nominee-registered shares.
Other
149
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 150]
Ten-year overview
Group, SEK million unless otherwise 
stated 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016
Income statement
Net sales 69,674 66,954 63,598 52,135 40,911 41,468 46,517 40,666 35,314 35,634
Items affecting comparability – – – -767 -192 -796 189 151 – -1,500
Operating income 11,749 10,435 9,256 6,519 6,126 5,580 7,1 9 8 5,831 4,589 2,989
Net financial items -551 -439 -606 -340 16 -603 23 65 -218 336
Result after financial items 11,198 9,996 8,650 6,179 6,142 4,977 7, 2 2 1 5,896 4,371 3,325
Tax -2,875 -2,564 -2,269 -1,610 -1,341 -1,397 -1,713 -1,359 -1,383 -1,013
Net income for the year 8,322 7, 4 32 6,381 4,569 4,801 3,580 5,508 4,537 2,988 2,312
Balance sheet
Goodwill 29,722 25,630 25,069 26,258 22,480 19,080 21,112 20,537 19,775 20,436
Intangible assets 6,723 3,929 4,553 5,159 3,441 2,204 3,134 3,873 4,692 5,946
Property, plant and equipment 15,856 14,490 11,769 10,710 9,075 8,321 8,943 5,732 4,851 4,940
Other non-current assets 2,895 2,684 2,668 2,666 3,216 3,633 2,081 1,958 1,654 2,100
Inventories 15,548 15,574 14,950 14,775 10,525 9,223 10,077 9,253 8,424 7, 8 3 1
Current receivables 19,585 18,678 17, 41 6 17,0 1 8 11,977 10,631 12,582 11,807 8,808 8,431
Current deposits 707 450 728 311 291 2,618 873 617 1,208 1,075
Cash and cash equivalents 7,1 24 7, 3 6 9 5,135 4,352 3,356 5,150 5,594 4,295 3,137 2,619
TOTAL ASSETS 98,161 88,803 82,288 81,249 64,361 60,860 64,396 58,072 52,549 53,378
Equity 43,753 42,282 37,378 35,704 32,344 29,071 2 7,747 23,599 20,500 20,276
Pension liability 984 945 1,090 1,192 1,907 2,494 2,321 2,118 2,297 2,425
Deferred tax liabilities 3,458 2,392 2,372 2,293 1,838 1,553 1,662 1,945 2,100 2,722
Other non-current liabilities 3,975 2,559 1,863 2,139 1,928 2,259 2,571 802 677 636
Long-term loans 9,626 9,172 9,829 13,362 3,059 8,043 10,600 8,540 11,092 12,169
Current liabilities 36,365 31,454 29,756 26,559 23,285 17, 4 4 0 19,495 21,068 15,883 15,150
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 98,161 88,803 82,288 81,249 64,361 60,860 64,396 58,072 52,549 53,378
Changes in accounting standards
Readers of the ten-year overview should note that accounting standards have changed during this period. The most significant change relates to 
IFRS 16 on leasing, which began to be applied from 2019.
Other
150
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 151]
Group, SEK million unless otherwise 
stated 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016
Key ratios
Order intake 66,742 74,592 70,742 58,645 45,718 39,833 44,119 45,005 36,628 32,060
Order book at year-end 48,259 52,319 45,325 37,0 2 0 22,954 18,969 21,551 23,168 18,289 16,870
EBITA 12,334 11,089 10,221 7, 4 6 2 6,922 6,435 8,178 6,869 5,610 4,680
EBITDA 14,252 12,853 11,780 8,911 8,113 7, 5 6 9 9,251 7, 4 9 5 6,239 5,323
EBITA margin, % 17.7% 16.6% 16.1% 14.3% 16.9% 15.5% 17.6 % 16.9% 15.9% 13.1%
EBITDA margin, % 20.5% 19.2% 18.5% 17.1% 19.8% 18.3% 19.9% 18.4% 17.7% 14.9%
Adjusted EBITA 12,334 11,089 10,221 8,229 7,1 14 7, 2 3 1 7, 9 8 9 6,718 5,610 5,553
Adjusted EBITDA 14,252 12,853 11,780 9,678 8,305 8,365 9,062 7, 3 4 4 6,239 6,196
Adjusted EBITA margin, % 17.7% 16.6% 16.1% 15.8% 17.4% 17.4% 17. 2 % 16.5% 15.9% 15.6%
Adjusted EBITDA margin, % 20.5% 19.2% 18.5% 18.6% 20.3% 20.2% 19.5% 18.1% 17.7% 17.4%
Profit margin, % 16.1% 14.9% 13.6% 11.9% 15.0% 12.0% 15.5% 14.5% 12.4% 9.3%
Excluding goodwill and step up 
values:
Capital turnover rate, times 3.4 3.5 3.4 3.5 3.8 3.9 4.4 7.4 5.7 8.6
Capital employed 20,287 18,884 18,509 15,087 10,839 10,751 10,649 5,474 6,201 4,146
Return on capital employed % 60.8% 58.7% 55.2% 49.5% 63.9% 59.9% 76.8% 125.5% 90.5% 112.9%
Including goodwill and step up values:
Capital turnover rate, times 1.4 1.4 1.3 1.2 1.2 1.2 1.3 1.3 1.1 1.2
Capital employed 51,501 47, 8 5 9 48,753 43,060 34,677 33,678 35,550 30,729 31,698 30,663
Return on capital employed % 23.9% 23.2% 21.0% 17. 3% 20.0% 19.1% 23.0% 22.4% 17.7% 15.3%
Return on equity, % 19.6% 18.8% 17.6 % 13.5% 15.8% 12.7% 21.3% 20.3% 13.9% 11.8%
Equity/ assets ratio, % 44.6% 47.6 % 45.4% 43.9% 50.3% 47. 8 % 43.1% 40.6% 39.0% 38.0%
Net debt * 13,179 5,493 10,011 13,070 7,0 24 3,635 8,175 6,985 8,200 9,619
Net debt/EBITDA ratio * 0.92 0.43 0.85 1.47 0.87 0.48 0.88 0.93 1.31 1.81
Debt/ equity ratio * 0.30 0.13 0.27 0.37 0.22 0.13 0.29 0.30 0.40 0.47
Interest coverage ratio 25.0 26.2 23.1 27. 9 38.4 27. 3 32.8 39.3 28.4 24.5
Cash flow from:
operating activities *** 9,166 12,778 9,694 3,737 5,658 8,154 5,784 4,883 4,463 4,979
investing activities -11,913 -3,281 -2,687 -5,518 -5,025 -1,058 -1,027 -1,293 -721 -795
financing activities *** 2,915 -7, 3 5 7 -6,068 2,647 -2,475 -7, 3 4 8 -3,506 -2,445 -3,159 -3,566
Investments 2,660 3,336 2,440 1,853 1,229 1,232 1,337 1,490 675 617
Average number of employees 23,140 21,910 20,803 19,002 17, 41 9 17,1 6 0 17,387 16,785 16,521 17, 3 0 5
Earnings per share, SEK 20.01 17. 8 8 15.31 10.89 11.38 8.47 13.08 10.77 7.0 9 5.46
Free cash flow per share, SEK ** /*** 16.12 23.10 17.77 4.60 10.65 16.79 10.62 8.38 9.09 10.49
* Lease liabilities increased by SEK 2,766 million from 2019 as a result of the initial application of IFRS 16 Leases.
** Free cash flow is the sum of cash flows from operating activities, investments and disposals of non-current assets.
*** All periods have been restated in accordance with the new cash flow structure.
Please note that some financial measures above are alternative performance measures.
Other
151
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 152]
Alternative performance measures
Alfa Laval follows the guidelines for alternative performance 
measures issued by ESMA (European Securities and Markets 
Authority). An alternative performance measure is a financial 
measure of historical financial performance, financial position 
or cash flows that is not defined or specified in the financial 
reporting framework.
The following alternative performance measures have been 
used in the annual report.
Performance measures to achieve full compara-
bility over time
All of these relate to the impact of amortization of step up values 
in particular, both over time and in comparison with external 
companies. For the same reason, adjustments are also made 
for items affecting comparability. How these are calculated is 
shown in the table Performance analysis on page 93, except for 
the last item.
• EBITA, or ‘Earnings Before Interest, Taxes and Amortization’, 
is defined as operating income before amortization of step up 
values. This performance measure is fully comparable over 
time, irrespective of items affecting comparability, financing 
costs and amortization of step up values.
• EBITA margin (%) is defined as EBITA in relation to net sales 
and expressed as a percentage.
• EBITDA , or ‘Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and 
Amortization’, is defined as operating income before depre-
ciation. This performance measure is fully comparable over 
time, irrespective of items affecting comparability, financing 
costs and amortization.
• EBITDA margin (%) is defined as EBITDA in relation to net 
sales and expressed as a percentage.
• Adjusted EBITA , or ‘Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes 
and Amortization’, is defined as operating income before 
amortization of step up values and adjusted for items affecting 
comparability. This performance measure is fully comparable 
over time, irrespective of items affecting comparability, financ -
ing costs and amortization of step up values.
• Adjusted EBITA margin (%) is defined as Adjusted EBITA in 
relation to net sales and expressed as a percentage.
• Adjusted EBITDA , or ‘Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, 
Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization’, is defined as operating 
income before depreciation and adjusted for items affecting 
comparability. This performance measure is fully comparable 
over time, irrespective of items affecting comparability, financ -
ing costs and amortization.
• Adjusted EBITDA margin (%) is defined as Adjusted EBITDA 
in relation to net sales and expressed as a percentage.
• Adjusted gross profit  is defined as gross profit excluding 
amortization of step up values. This performance measure is 
fully comparable over time, irrespective of amortization of step 
up values.
• Adjusted gross margin (%) is defined as Adjusted gross 
profit in relation to net sales and expressed as a percentage.
• Earnings per share, excluding amortization of step up 
values and corresponding tax  is defined as profit attribut -
able to the Parent Company’s shareholders, excluding amor-
tization of step up values and the corresponding tax, divided 
by the weighted average number of shares. This performance 
measure is fully comparable over time, irrespective of amorti -
zation of step up values.
Income analysis
SEK million 2025 2024
Net sales 69,674 66,954
Cost of goods sold -44,476 -43,7 47
Gross profit 25,198 23,207
Add-back of amortization of step up values 585 654
Adjusted gross profit* 25,783 23,860
– adjusted gross margin* 37.0% 35.6%
Costs -11,531 -11,008
– as a percentage of net sales 16.5% 16.4%
Adjusted EBITDA* 14,252 12,853
– adjusted EBITDA margin* 20.5% 19.2%
Depreciation -1,918 -1,764
Adjusted EBITA* 12,334 11,089
– adjusted EBITA margin* 17.7% 16.6%
Amortization of step up values -585 -654
Operating income 11,749 10,435
Alternative performance measures.
Performance measures showing how the Group 
is financed and manages its capital
• Return on capital employed (%) is defined as EBITA in 
relation to average capital employed, calculated on a rolling 
12-month basis and expressed as a percentage. Capital 
employed is defined as total assets less cash and cash equiv -
alents, other long-term securities holdings, accrued interest 
income, operating liabilities and other non-interest-bearing 
liabilities, including tax and deferred tax but excluding accrued 
interest costs. This measure shows how effectively the capital 
used in ongoing operations is managed.
• Free cash flow per share is the sum of cash flow from operat -
ing activities, investments and the sale of non-current assets 
during the year, divided by the average number of shares. This 
represents the cash flow available for interest payments, busi -
ness acquisitions and dividends to investors.
• Net debt is defined as interest-bearing liabilities and lease 
liabilities less cash and cash equivalents and current deposits. 
The calculation of net debt is shown in the table Net debt in 
Note 30. This performance measure shows the Group’s net 
financial indebtedness.
Alternative performance measures 
152
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 153]
• Net debt/EBITDA ratio  is defined as net debt in relation 
to EBITDA, calculated on a rolling 12-month basis and 
expressed as a multiple of EBITDA. This is an important 
performance measure for assessing the proposed dividend. 
EBITDA, or ‘Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and 
Amortization’, is defined as operating income before depreci-
ation of step up values.
• Interest coverage ratio, times  is defined as EBITDA plus net 
financial items adjusted for interest costs, in relation to interest 
costs. Expressed as the number of times that profit before 
interest expense exceeds interest expense. Indicates the 
Group’s ability to pay interest. EBITDA is used as the starting 
point because it forms the basis for a cash flow perspective 
on the ability to service interest payments. Financial items 
classified as items affecting comparability are excluded from 
the calculation.
• Debt/ equity ratio is defined as net debt in relation to equity 
at the end of the period, expressed as a multiple of equity. It is 
a further measure of how the Group is financed.
Definitions of other performance measures
Return on equity, %
Net income for the year in relation to average equity, expressed 
as a percentage. 
Investments
Investments represent an important component of the Group’s 
cash flow. The level of investment over several consecutive 
years provides an indication of the Group’s capacity expansion.
Items affecting comparability
Items not directly related to the Group’s regular activities or of 
a non-recurring nature, where recognition together with other 
items in the Group’s comprehensive income would have had an 
impact on comparability that would have made it more difficult 
to assess the development of the regular activities. Items affect -
ing comparability are reported gross on the lines in the income 
statement to which they relate and specified in a note.
Capital turnover rate, times
Net sales in relation to average capital employed, expressed 
in multiples. Presented both excluding and including goodwill, 
step up values and the corresponding deferred tax liability.
Cash flow from operating activities
Shows the group’s cash flow from operating activities; that is, 
the cash generated by the day-to-day business operations.
Cash flow from investing activities
Shows the Group’s cash flow from investing activities; that 
is, the cash effects primarily from the Group’s investments in 
non-current assets, disposals and acquisitions of businesses 
and the sale of properties.
Cash flow from financing activities
Shows the Group’s cash flow from financing activities; that is, 
primarily dividends, borrowing, repayment of loans, and the 
cash-flow components of net financial items.
Average number of employees
The average number of employees is reported as full-time 
equivalents and is calculated on the basis of the number of 
employees (FTEs) at the end of the last four quarters. Staff 
costs represent a significant proportion of the Group’s total 
costs. Therefore, the development of the average number of 
employees over time, in relation to the development of net sales, 
provides an indication of the Group’s cost efficiency. 
Net sales
Revenue from the sale of goods and the rendering of services 
included in the Group’s normal operations, net of discounts, 
value added tax and other taxes directly related to revenue.
Order intake
Order intake during the calendar year, calculated in the same 
way as net sales. Order intake provides an indication of current 
demand for the Group’s products and services, which will 
appear in net sales with varying time lags.
Order book at year-end
Order intake but not yet invoiced, translated at the current 
 closing rate. The order book at year-end equals the order book 
at the beginning of the year plus order intake during the year 
minus net sales during the year. Provides an indication of how 
net sales may be expected to develop going forward.
Earnings per share  
Net net income for the year attributable to the Parent Compa -
ny’s shareholders, divided by the average number of shares. 
Equity/assets ratio, %
Equity in relation to total assets, expressed as a percentage.
Capital employed
Average total assets less cash and cash equivalents, other 
long-term securities holdings, accrued interest income, operat -
ing liabilities and other non-interest-bearing liabilities, including 
tax and deferred tax but excluding accrued interest costs. Pre -
sented both excluding and including goodwill and step up values, 
and the corresponding deferred tax. Shows the capital used in 
ongoing operations. Capital employed for the Group differs from 
the net capital for the operating segments with regard to taxes, 
deferred taxes and pensions.
Profit margin, %
Result after financial items in relation to net sales, expressed as 
a percentage.
Alternative performance measures 
153
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 154]
Other information
Alfa Laval uses several channels to pro -
vide information about the company’s 
operations and financial development. 
The website – www.alfalaval.com/
investors – is updated regularly with 
annual reports, interim reports, press 
releases and presentations. The annual 
report is also sent to shareholders 
who have indicated that they wish to 
receive it. Conference calls for analysts, 
investors and the press are arranged in 
connection with the publication of the 
company’s interim reports. A Capital 
Markets Day is arranged once a year, at 
which representatives of the financial 
markets are offered in-depth informa -
tion about the company’s operations. 
In addition, representatives of Group 
Management meet analysts, investors 
and journalists on an ongoing basis 
to ensure that they have correct and 
up-to-date information. In accordance 
with the agreement with Nasdaq OMX 
Stockholm, price-sensitive information 
that is not already in the public domain 
is never disclosed at such meetings 
or contacts. Alfa Laval applies a silent 
period covering the three weeks prior to 
the publication of an interim report. The 
CEO and Chief Financial Officer do not 
meet or speak to representatives of the 
financial markets during this period.
Analysts following Alfa Laval
ABG Sundal Collier
Anders Idborg 
Alphavalue
Kulwinder Rajpal 
Bank of America
Uma Samlin 
Barclays Capital
Vlad Sergievskii 
Citi Investment Research
Klas Bergelind 
Danske Bank
Viktor Trollsten 
Deutsche Bank
John Kim 
DnB Carnegie
Carl Deijenberg 
Exane BNP Paribas
Andreas Koski 
Goldman Sachs International
Daniela Costa 
Handelsbanken
Gustav Schwerin 
JP Morgan
Akash Gupta 
Morgan Stanley
Max Yates 
Morningstar
Matthew Donen 
Nordea
Magnus Kruber 
Pareto Securities AB
Tom Guinchard 
RBC Capital
Sebastian Kuenne 
Redburn
James Moore
SB1
Johan Eliason
SEB
Fredrik Agardh 
UBS
Sven Weier 
Financial information in 2026
Alfa Laval will publish interim reports on 
the following dates in 2026:
Report for the first quarter:  
22 April 2026 
Report for the second quarter:  
21 July 2026 
Report for the third quarter:  
27 October 2026 
Year-end report:  
3 February 2027
Shareholder information
Johan Lundin 
Head of Investor Relations 
Tel.: 046-36 74 82 
email: johan.lundin@alfalaval.com
Other information
154
Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 155]
Annual General Meeting 2026
The Annual General Meeting of Alfa Laval AB (publ) will be 
held at 16:00 on 22 April 2026 at Stadshallen, Stortorget 9, 
Lund. Notice of the Annual General Meeting is published as an 
announcement in Post- och Inrikes Tidningar and on the company’s 
website not earlier than six weeks and not later than four weeks 
before the Meeting. An advertisement stating that notice has 
been given is placed in Dagens Nyheter. Documentation for 
the resolutions is published on Alfa Laval’s website prior to the 
Meeting. Copies of the documents are also sent to any share -
holder who requests them and provides their postal address. 
The following information regarding the Annual General Meeting 
does not constitute a legal notice.
Notice of attendance
Any shareholder wishing to participate in the Annual General 
Meeting must be registered as a shareholder in the share regis -
ter maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as of 14 April 2026 and 
must notify the company of their intention to attend as follows:
• Any shareholder wishing to participate in the Annual General 
Meeting by advance voting (postal voting) must submit their 
advance vote so that it is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no 
later than 16 April 2026.
• Any shareholder wishing to participate in the Meeting in 
person or by proxy at the Meeting venue must notify Euroclear 
Sweden AB no later than 16 April 2026, either by telephone 
on +46 (0)8 402 91 98, 09:00–16:00 Monday–Friday, or via 
https:/ /www.euroclear.com/sweden/ generalmeetings/ .
The advance voting form is available on the Alfa Laval website. 
The completed form may be sent either by email to General -
MeetingService@euroclear.com or by post to Alfa Laval AB, 
c/o Euroclear Sweden AB, Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm . Share-
holders may also cast their advance vote electronically by signing 
with Bank-ID. Further information on the voting procedure is 
provided in the notice.
To be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting, a 
shareholder whose shares are held in nominee form must, in 
addition to notifying the company of their intention to attend, 
temporarily register the shares in their own name so that the 
shareholder is entered in the share register as at 14 April 2026. 
Such registration may be temporary (known as voting rights 
registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance 
with the nominee’s procedures in such time as the nominee 
determines. Voting rights registrations completed no later than 
the second banking day after 14 April 2026 will be considered 
when preparing the share register.
Dividend
The Board of Directors and the CEO propose that a dividend of 
SEK 9.00 be paid to shareholders. The proposed record date 
for entitlement to the dividend is 24 April 2026. If the Meeting 
resolves in accordance with the proposal, the dividend is 
expected to be distributed through Euroclear Sweden AB on 
29 April 2026.
Alfa Laval AB (publ)
Box 73
221 00 Lund
Corporate registration number:
556587 -8054
Street address:
Rudeboksvägen 1
T el.: + 46 46 36 65 00
Website: www.alfalaval.com
 
Production:  Alfa Laval AB / Hallvarsson & Halvarsson AB  
Repro and printing:  TMG Öresund
Other information
155Annual and Sustainability Report / Alfa Laval 2025

[page 156]
100022954-1-EN 2603
This is Alfa Laval
Alfa Laval is active in the areas of Energy, Marine, and Food & Water, 
offering its expertise, products, and service to a wide range of industries 
in some 100 countries. The company is committed to optimizing processes, 
creating responsible growth, and driving progress – always going the 
extra mile to support customers in achieving their business goals and 
sustainability targets.
Alfa Laval’s innovative technologies are dedicated to purifying, refining, 
and reusing materials, promoting more responsible use of natural resources. 
They contribute to improved energy efficiency and heat recovery, better 
water treatment, and reduced emissions. Thereby, Alfa Laval is not only 
accelerating success for its customers, but also for people and the planet. 
Making the world better, every day. It’s all about Advancing better™.
How to contact Alfa Laval
Up-to-date Alfa Laval contact details for all countries are always available 
on our website at www.alfalaval.com