# E.ON SE (EOAN.DE)
# primary source: GB25-gesamt-EN_final.pdf  (273 pages)

[page 1]
 
 Integrated Annual Report 
2025

[page 2]
 2 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Contents 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Highlights 3 
Key Figures 4 
For Our Investors 7 
E.ON on the Capital Market 8 
CEO Letter 12 
Report of the Supervisory Board 15 
Combined Group Management Report 20 
About this Report 22 
Corporate Profile 24 
Business Report 30 
Forecast Report 71 
Risks and Opportunities Report 74 
Sustainability Statement 81 
Internal Control System 143 
Disclosures Regarding Takeovers and  
Explanatory Report 146 
Consolidated  Financial Statements 149 
Consolidated Statement of Income 151 
Consolidated Statement of Recognized  
Income and Expenses 152
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 153 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 155 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 157 
Notes 159 
Other Information 253 
Declaration of the Board of Management 255 
Reproduction of the Independent Auditor's Report 256 
Assurance Report in Relation to the  
Group Sustainability Report 264
 
Boards 268 
Summary of Financial Highlights 271 
Financial Calendar 273 
Imprint 273 
 
 

[page 3]
 3 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Highlights 
 
 
  

[page 4]
 4 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Key Figures
The Management Control System → chapter provides more information about our KPIs.

[page 5]
 5 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
E.ON: Playmaker of the Energy 
Transition 
A clear strategic focus on growth, sustainability, and 
digitalization enables E.ON to be the playmaker of the energy 
transition and thus to shape the transformation toward a 
sustainable energy future. Our three core business divisions—
Energy Networks, Energy Infrastructure Solutions, and Energy 
Retail— form the basis for generating sustainable business growth 
and tackling the challenges of the energy transition. 
 
A successful transition to climate neutrality will require 
comprehensive action. Economic growth, energy affordability, 
and security of supply— alongside climate protection and 
sustainability— will play key roles. We work with partners along 
the entire value chain to create innovative solutions for a 
sustainable energy future. 
 
  

[page 6]
 6 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Path to Climate Neutrality 
E.ON— the playmaker of the energy transition— is actively engaged in bringing 
about a sustainable energy world. We invest heavily to expand and modernize our 
distribution networks, which form the backbone of the energy transition. Our clean 
and smart energy solutions help our customers decarbonize. We also take action to 
reduce our own carbon emissions and aim to achieve climate neutrality by 2040. 
Affordable Energy  
The transformation to a sustainable energy system will require substantial 
investments. At the same time, the energy transition must not place an excessive 
financial burden on society or companies. E.ON is therefore committed to finding 
an economically viable solution. Above all, such a solution will require ongoing 
electrification to take advantage of renewable power. Accelerating the rollout of 
smart meters to enhance digitalization and creating targeted flexibility incentives 
are important as well— for a stable, efficient, and sustainable energy system. 
Security of Supply 
Amid rising electricity demand and increasing energy-system volatility due to 
renewables growth, security of supply remains essential. E.ON is therefore moving 
forward not only to expand its distribution networks but also to digitalize them. 
Automation and digital control make it possible to monitor and fine-tune energy 
flows in real time. This increases network stability and reduces the risk of outages. 
E.ON is investing in digital security as well. In addition, the tense geopolitical 
situation is resulting in a greater emphasis on ensuring the resilience of critical 
infrastructure against threats like cyberattacks.

[page 7]
To Our Investors →  E.ON on the Capital Market 7 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
For Our Investors 
 
Good Reasons to Invest in 
E.ON Stock 
Focusing on Value Creation and  
Shareholder Return 
A clear focus on value creation enables us to 
offer our shareholders the prospect of 
attractive returns, including dividend and 
earnings growth. 
Delivering Long-term Growth in a  
Regulated Environment 
Being the playmaker of Europe’s energy 
transition will give us attractive growth 
opportunities well into the next decade. A high 
proportion of regulated and long-term 
contracted business activities and a stable 
energy retail business will enable us to expand 
profitably and to reliably achieve our ambitious 
targets. 
Investing to Propel Europe’s  
Energy Transition  
Targeted investments in our networks will 
further strengthen this critical infrastructure, 
which is the backbone of Europe’s energy 
transition. These investments will make a 
decisive contribution to ensuring that Europe 
has a resilient and competitive energy supply. 

[page 8]
To Our Investors →  E.ON on the Capital Market 8 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
E.ON on the Capital Market 
2025: A Successful Year for Equities 
Germany’s DAX stock index ended 2025 up 23 percent. E.ON stock again significantly 
outperformed the DAX, rising by 43 percent. Several factors during the year contributed to this 
positive performance: the confirmation of our company targets for 2028, the potential positive 
implications of the special infrastructure fund announced by the German federal government, a 
rotation into defensive stocks triggered in the spring by potential risks from U.S. tariffs, and the 
generally volatile geopolitical situation. E.ON stock reached a 2025 high of €16.49 on August 6 
and finished the year at €16.13 (prior year: €11.25). E.ON stock therefore outperformed both the 
DAX and its European peer index, the Stoxx Europe 600 Utilities (+34 percent).  
Continuous Dividend Growth 
At the Annual Shareholders Meeting to be held on April 23, 2026, the Management Board and 
Supervisory Board will propose paying out a cash dividend of €0. 57 per share for fiscal year 2025 
(prior year: €0.55). Based on E.ON stock’s year-end 2025 closing price, this corresponds to an 
expected dividend yield of about 4 percent. The payout ratio (as a percentage of adjusted net 
income) would therefore be 49 percent. Our dividend policy aims to offer our shareholders 
attractive dividend growth of up to 5 percent annually. 
 
E.ON Stock Key Figures       
Per share (€)  2025   2024  
Dividend1  0.57   0.55  
Dividend payout1 (€ in millions)   1,490   1,437  
Twelve-month high2   16.49   13.82  
Twelve-month low2  10.50   11.01  
Year-end closing price2  16.13   11.25  
Market capitalization3 (€ in billions)   42.15   29.56  
1For the respective financial year; the 2025 figure represents management’s dividend proposal.  
2Source: NASDAQ. 
3Based on ordinary shares outstanding at year-end. 
 
 

[page 9]
To Our Investors →  E.ON on the Capital Market 9 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Broad Investor Base 
Our most recent shareholder identification conducted at year-end 2025 shows that E.ON stock 
has roughly 60 percent institutional investors, roughly 20 percent retail investors, and about 20 
percent other investors. Investors in Germany hold about 41 percent of E.ON stock, those outside 
Germany about 59 percent. The broad diversification of stock ownership among institutional and 
retail investors, many of whom pursue a long-term investment strategy, ensures a stable investor 
base for E.ON.  
E.ON Stock Is Represented on Numerous 
Stock Exchanges and Is Included in Multiple 
Indices 
E.ON stock trades in Frankfurt am Main and on other German stock exchanges as well as on 
electronic trading platforms such as Xetra. It is also available on stock exchanges in other 
European countries. E.ON’s stock is included in the DAX and other indices in Europe, including the 
Stoxx Europe 600 Utilities, MSCI World, and the S&P Europe 350.  
E.ON stock trades over the counter on OTC Pink in the United States in the form of American 
Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”). E.ON’s ADR program offers U.S. investors the opportunity to 
acquire E.ON’s stock and hold it in the form of share certificates that are traded and settled like 
other U.S. stocks.  
E.ON Stock Symbols and Identification Numbers    
Reuters: Xetra  EONGn.DE  
Reuters: Frankfurt Stock Exchange  EONGn.F  
Bloomberg: Frankfurt Stock Exchange  EOAN GY  
Bloomberg: ADR over-the-counter code  EOANGY US  
Security Identification Numbers    
Germany  ENAG99  
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN)  DE000ENAG999  
 
 

[page 10]
To Our Investors →  E.ON on the Capital Market 10 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Analyst Estimates 
E.ON stock is evaluated by a large number of financial analysts from various investment banks 
and brokerage houses. The current recommendations can be viewed at 
www.eon.com/en/analysts-estimates ↗. 
Ongoing Investor Communications  
Our investor relations are based on four principles: openness, continuity, credibility, and equal 
treatment of all our investors. Our mission is to provide prompt, precise, and relevant information 
to our investors at our periodic conferences and road shows— worldwide— because maintaining 
regular communications and relationships is essential for good investor relations. A hybrid 
approach consisting of virtual and in-person activities has proven to be effective. This helps us 
communicate with capital markets efficiently and meet our investors’ needs.  
Forward-looking Funding, Stable Credit 
Rating  
Debt capital represents a very important funding source for the E.ON Group. That is why we 
focus on satisfying the demands of creditors as well as those of shareholders. All three of E.ON’s 
current credit ratings— by S&P, Moody’s and Fitch— remained stable during the year. These credit 
ratings reflect the confidence in E.ON’s creditworthiness and support its competitiveness for 
future financing activities. 
E.ON issued corporate debt totaling roughly €3.2 billion in fiscal year 2025. In addition, E.ON 
continually aims to maximize the diversification of its debt investor base to ensure that it has 
cost-optimized access to a variety of funding sources at all times. In 2025, for example, E.ON 
issued a Schuldschein as well as its first green bond in Australia’s capital market. 
Green Financing Framework  
Sustainability aspects play an important role in many international investors’ decision for or 
against a particular investment. E.ON has issued green debt instruments since 2021. Its Green 
Financing Framework— which is fully aligned with the ICMA Green Bond Principles and the EU 
Taxonomy— serves as the basis for sustainable funding. The EU Taxonomy Regulation defines 
economic activities that are considered to be environmentally sustainable, thereby setting a 
Europe-wide standard for sustainable investment. E.ON generally intends to cover more than 50 
percent of its annual funding requirements with green bonds or other green financing 
instruments. Green bonds accounted for about 70 percent of total bond financing, or roughly 
€2.3 billion , in 2025. The Financial Situation → chapter and Green Financing Report ↗ provide 
detailed information about allocation and impact assessment of E.ON’s green financing.

[page 11]
To Our Investors →  E.ON Management Board 11 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The E.ON Management Board 
The Management Board manages the Company’s business, with all its members bearing joint 
responsibility. It determines E.ON’s corporate objectives, fundamental strategic course, corporate 
policy, and organizational setup. 
 
Leonhard Birnbaum 
Chief Executive Officer 
 Nadia Jakobi  
Chief Financial Officer 
 Thomas König  
Chief Operating Officer 
Networks 
 Victoria Ossadnik  
Chief Operating Officer 
Digital 
 Marc Spieker  
Chief Operating Officer 
Commercial 
 

[page 12]
To Our Investors →  CEO Letter 12 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
CEO Letter 
Dear Shareholders and Friends of E.ON, 
In fiscal year 2025 E.ON again kept its promises and systematically continued its growth 
trajectory.  
Group adjusted EBITDA of €9.8 billion and Group adjusted net income of €3.0 billion fully met our 
forecast. We also implemented our investment program as planned and again invested billions in 
our company’s future viability and Europe’s energy transition. 
The need to invest in energy infrastructure is long term and structural. This is because the key 
precondition for electrification and decarbonization is that power distribution grids keep pace with 
the dynamic expansion of renewables capacity. E.ON is well positioned in this environment to 
continue growing in the years ahead— largely independent of short-term economic fluctuations. 
But this continuity is not automatic. It results from operational excellence, clear priorities, and our 
employees’ hard work and dedication in all our markets. E.ON remains on course— even in an 
environment that continues to reflect uncertainty, geopolitical tensions, and profound structural 
changes. 
We Deliver Financially and Operationally 
E.ON did more in 2025 than almost any other company in Europe to expand energy 
infrastructure— continuously, reliably, at scale, and with tangible impact. Being the playmaker of 
the energy transition again enabled us to do a lot to make new energy work. 
About 70 percent of Germany’s onshore wind capacity and around 50 percent of its solar capacity 
was connected to E.ON’s grids at year-end 2025. This totals more than 100 gigawatts (“GW”) of 
connected capacity in Germany alone. And we recently integrated the two millionth renewables 
system in our network territory in Germany. These figures are not mere snapshots but underscore 
a structural reality: our networks are where the energy transition is happening. 
  
Leonhard Birnbaum, Management Board Chairman and CEO 

[page 13]
To Our Investors →  CEO Letter 13 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
This likewise shows the magnitude that energy-system transformation has now reached. 
Demand for grid connections has multiplied in recent years. It has jumped from around 85,000 to 
around 380,000 requests per year in Germany— just since 2020. And many new systems have 
not yet had their full impact. Data centers, battery storage facilities, and other large-scale 
electricity consumers will further increase demand in the years ahead. 
Of course, we are also simultaneously rolling out smart energy meters as required by law. All 
E.ON units in Germany have— despite the many bureaucratic hurdles— exceeded their mandatory 
quotas, in some cases by a wide margin. 
All of this demonstrates that— for us— the energy transition has long been an ongoing, industrial-
scale operating task. It requires massive investment, technical excellence, and the ability to stably 
manage an increasingly complex system. That is why we intend to systematically increase our 
investments in the energy transition. For the years 2026 to 2030, we plan to invest a total 
amount of €48 billion, including about €40 billion in our network business . This makes us one of 
the largest investors in energy infrastructure in Germany and Europe. 
These investments are not an end in themselves. They are needed to integrate renewables 
capacity, connect new consumers, and ensure security of supply— today and in the future. Yet 
expansion alone is clearly insufficient. The system becoming larger and more dynamic renders 
intelligent planning, prioritization, and control even more important. This is precisely where our 
playmaker role comes in: not only to add capacity but also to ensure that a functioning energy 
system remains economic, efficient, and reliable. 
The fact that Germany today has such a stable electricity supply in an increasingly decentralized 
and complex system results in part from our consistent investment in digitalization and 
automation. Our showing in independent rankings like the Quantum Innovation Index is one 
affirmation of this. We use our capabilities to develop innovative offerings for our customers. 
These include flexibility and eMobility solutions, such as the first bidirectional charging tariff we 
developed in partnership with BMW. Another example is the new comprehensive customer 
platform in the United Kingdom that our E.ON Next subsidiary created together with Zuno.  
We also invest in the infrastructure needed to enable the new digital energy world to grow. We 
systematically propel the expansion of Europe’s charging infrastructure. This includes a project to 
install charging points with 330 MW of combined capacity. These efforts help establish the 
conditions for eMobility and flexibility not only to be marketed but also to be embraced across 
much of Europe. 
At the same time, we increasingly help industrial enterprises and municipalities put their 
decarbonization plans into action. Our integrated energy solutions intelligently combine 
renewables generation, grid infrastructure, and consumption. Projects that use wind power to 
directly supply heat to large industrial facilities and entire cities are just one example. In 
Ludwigsfelde east of Berlin, for instance, we use renewable energy to power an industrial park 
and provide a city with district heating. Such solutions show that doing the energy transition right 
enables climate protection, security of supply, and economic efficiency to go hand in hand. 
We Focus on Affordability and Resilience for Our 
Customers 
The energy transition and renewables expansion in particular have long since acquired their own 
momentum. Demand-based energy system planning now offers considerable potential for 
efficiency gains and can save double-digit billions in annual costs. The systematic adoption of this 
change in perspective is crucial. This includes subjecting existing subsidy programs to a critical 
review. 
The need for action is especially evident for network connections. Networks— despite massive 
investments and technical advances— are increasingly reaching their regulatory and organizational 
limits. E.ON has developed a wide range of solutions in the past three years to make better use of 
grid capacity and further accelerate connections. Yet the number of connection requests is 
growing rapidly and, indeed, significantly exceeds what is realistically feasible. 
This applies in particular to battery storage. We approved more than 16 GW of connections in 
Germany last year but received more than 12,000 connection requests with a cumulative 
capacity of over 550 GW. The actual demand is estimated to be significantly lower. The Federal 
Network Agency’s approved scenario foresees that Germany will have 41 to 94 GW of installed 
large-scale battery storage capacity by 2045. There are also numerous connection requests from 
data centers, especially along central data corridors. This trend underscores that the challenge is 
not how to address a lack of demand but rather how to sensibly manage a system that does not 
cater to individual interests but instead provides efficiency and affordability to all users. 

[page 14]
To Our Investors →  CEO Letter 14 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The plan to revise Germany’s grid connection rules make sense in this regard. Germany needs to 
focus more on practical implementation, system utility, and overall economic benefits. This will 
enable the country to manage ongoing grid expansion efficiently while ensuring that its economy 
remains competitive. 
The resilience of critical infrastructure— alongside efficiency and control— is becoming increasingly 
important. The attack on bridge-mounted electricity cables in southern Berlin in early 2026 again 
highlighted how quickly a power outage can put people in difficult, sometimes life-threatening 
situations. It also demonstrated the importance of operating strength and cooperation in the 
energy sector. The teamwork of the many parties involved— including several E.ON companies—
enabled electricity service to be restored faster than expected. 
Resilience means more than technical redundancy. It requires robust networks, clear processes, 
and a reliable regulatory environment. Going forward, E.ON will continue to live up to its 
responsibility to help provide an efficient, effective, and resilient energy system that ensures 
security of supply, competitiveness, and an affordable energy transition.  
E.ON: an Anchor of Stability 
E.ON embodies reliability— toward its customers, society in general, and its shareholders. Our 
business model takes a long-term view, is supported by the energy transition’s structural 
requirements, and aims for sustainable value creation. The significant and predictable needs for 
investment in energy infrastructure form the foundation for our stability and growth— even in a 
volatile environment. 
I am convinced that E.ON is well positioned to continue living up to its responsibility while 
creating long-term value— with consistency, discipline, and a keen eye for feasibility. 
Best wishes, 
 
 
Leonhard Birnbaum


[page 15]
To Our Investors →  Report of the Supervisory Board 15 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Report of the Supervisory Board 
Dear Shareholders, 
Ongoing geopolitical tensions, the global restructuring of energy and raw material flows, and the 
continuing climate crisis— amid these challenges, transforming Europe’s energy system remains a 
key task of our time. Energy policy and global security are closely intertwined. At the same time, 
the new German federal government and the new European Commission have provided impetus: 
both the German government and the European Commission have clearly committed themselves 
to the energy transition, to enhancing security of supply, and to promoting innovation and 
competitiveness. We expect these decisions to provide important incentives for investments in 
infrastructure, network expansion, and sustainable energy solutions.  
E.ON continues to systematically propel the expansion and digitalization of its energy networks, 
which are the backbone of a secure, decarbonized, and increasingly decentralized energy supply. 
We are thus making a significant contribution to the achievement of Europe’s energy and climate 
targets and to the stability of its electricity and heating systems. In addition, there is greater 
public focus on the energy transition’s affordability: in times of rising living costs and growing 
public sensitivity to social justice, we believe it is E.ON’s responsibility to help shape the energy 
transition so that it remains affordable for everyone. 
In addition, we are systematically developing our business of providing integrated, sustainable 
energy solutions for cities, communities, and industries. Smart, digital, and interconnected 
solutions for customers that combine both efficiency and climate protection are becoming 
increasingly important— not only in the competitive marketplace, but also as a public demand. 
E.ON— supported by its technological expertise and local presence— plays a leading role in this 
space. 
The “Playmaker” brand campaign we launched in 2024 underscored our claim to be the 
playmaker of the energy transition. We continued to live up to this claim in 2025. 
The Supervisory Board would like to thank the Management Board and all employees for their 
commitment and outstanding performance in fiscal year 2025. Together, they are helping ensure 
that E.ON— even amid challenging conditions— remains a reliable partner in Europe’s energy 
transition. 
 
 
Erich Clementi, Chairman of the Supervisory Board 


[page 16]
To Our Investors →  Report of the Supervisory Board 16 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
In fiscal year 2025, the Supervisory Board performed, with due care, all its duties and obligations 
under law, the Company’s Articles of Association, and its own rules and procedures. It advised the 
Management Board in detail about the Company’s management and monitored the Management 
Board’s activities on an ongoing basis, assuring itself that the Management Board’s management 
of the Company was legal, purposeful, and orderly. At four regular meetings it addressed all 
issues relevant to the Company. In addition, it carried out one written resolution procedure. On a 
regular basis, the shareholder representatives and employee representatives made separate 
preparations for these meetings with the participation of one or more members of the 
Management Board. All members attended all Supervisory Board meetings.  
Overview of the Attendance of Supervisory Board Members at Meetings of the 
Supervisory Board and Its Committees in Fiscal Year 2025  
Supervisory Board 
members  
Supervisory 
Board   
Executive 
Committee   
Audit and Risk 
Committee   
Innovation 
and 
Sustainability 
Committee   
Nomination 
Committee  
Clementi, Erich  4/4   5/5   -   -   3/3  
Fröhlich, Klaus  4/4   -   -   4/4   -  
Grillo, Ulrich  4/4   5/5   -   -   3/3  
Groth, Anke  4/4   -   4/4   -   -  
Petit, Nadège  4/4   -   -   4/4   -  
Schmitz, Andreas  4/4   -   4/4   -   3/3  
Schmitz, Rolf Martin  4/4   5/5   -   -   -  
Wilkens, Deborah  4/4   -   4/4   3/31   -  
Bauer, Katja  4/4   -   4/4   -   -  
Luha, Eugen-Gheorghe  4/4   -   -   -   -  
May, Stefan  4/4   -   -   4/4   -  
Pinczésné Márton, 
Szilvia  4/4   -   -   -   -  
Pöhls, René  4/4   5/5   4/4   -   -  
Wallbaum, Elisabeth  4/4   -   4/4   -   -  
Werneke, Frank  4/4   5/5   -   -   -  
Winterwerber, Axel  4/4   5/5   -   4/4   -  
              
1Attended as a guest.   
 
The Management Board regularly provided the Supervisory Board with timely and comprehensive 
information about significant business transactions in both written and oral form, including 
outside of scheduled meetings. At the meetings of the full Supervisory Board and its committees, 
the Supervisory Board had sufficient opportunity to actively discuss the Management Board’s 
reports, motions, and proposed resolutions. After thoroughly examining and discussing the 
resolutions proposed by the Management Board, the Supervisory Board approved them when it 
was required by law, the Company’s Articles of Association, or the Supervisory Board’s rules and 
procedures. Furthermore, the Supervisory Board and its committees also met without the 
Management Board being present. 
Meetings of the Supervisory Board and its committees took place predominantly in person; only 
one meeting of the Nomination Committee and one extraordinary meeting of the Executive 
Committee were held entirely virtually by means of video conference. Those members of the 
Supervisory Board unable to attend in person were given the opportunity to join via video 
conference. This was made use of in some instances. 
Fine-tuning E.ON’s Strategy and Focus on Growth 
In fiscal year 2025, the Supervisory Board thoroughly discussed E.ON’s strategic direction—
whose three key components are growth, sustainability, and digitalization— with the Management 
Board, in particular in view of the evolving geopolitical and regulatory situations and their 
implications for E.ON’s business divisions. The Management Board and the Supervisory Board 
were in agreement regarding the measures presented by the Management Board. In addition, the 
Management Board informed the Supervisory Board and/or its committees on an ongoing basis 
about growth projects and the development of innovative business models. 
Other Key Topics of the Supervisory Board’s 
Discussions 
Other key topics of discussion in fiscal year 2025 were the ongoing challenges in security and 
economic policy in Germany and Europe, with a focus on the countries in which E.ON operates. 
Furthermore, the Supervisory Board dealt with E.ON’s positioning on capital markets and its 
asset, financial, and earnings situation, dividend policy, workforce developments, and earnings 
opportunities and risks. The Supervisory Board and the Management Board thoroughly discussed 
the E.ON Group’s medium-term plan for 2026 to 2030 and approved the budget for 2026. 
In addition, the Supervisory Board was informed on a regular basis about the current situation 
relating to cybersecurity and business continuity management. A special focus of every meeting 
was health and safety as well as accident prevention. In particular, the development of the 
Group’s key accident indicators was discussed and information was provided on the tragic fatal 
occupational accidents that occurred during the fiscal year. The latest events shocked the 

[page 17]
To Our Investors →  Report of the Supervisory Board 17 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
members of the Supervisory Board and demonstrate that even more systematic action will be 
necessary in the future. 
The Supervisory Board also prepared the nominations for election to the Supervisory Board for 
the 2025 Annual Shareholders Meeting. The terms of office of Supervisory Board members 
Deborah Wilkens and Rolf Martin Schmitz ended at the close of the Annual Shareholders Meeting 
on May 15, 2025. This made new elections necessary; Ms. Wilkens and Mr. Schmitz were 
renominated for election to the Supervisory Board. The nominations considered, in particular, the 
competency profile developed by the E.ON SE Supervisory Board and the agreed-on objectives for 
the entire board. The Annual Shareholders Meeting reelected both candidates to the Supervisory 
Board. 
The Supervisory Board took new laws and the findings of the materiality analysis conducted in 
connection with the preparation of E.ON’s sustainability reporting as an opportunity to review and 
adjust its diversity concept and competency profile. The Supervisory Board thus adjusted the 
criterion for the independence of shareholder representatives and employee representatives. It 
applied the European Sustainability Reporting Standards’ (“ESRS”) definition of independence to 
assess the independence of all Supervisory Board members. It also used the German Corporate 
Governance Code’s definition (in particular the indicators of the German Corporate Governance 
Code’s recommendation C.7) to assess the independence of shareholder representatives. In 
addition, the Supervisory Board revised and/or clarified a number of topics—  “Several years of 
experience in the strategic management or monitoring of listed organizations,” “New 
technologies, digitalization, IT, and cybersecurity,” and “Sustainability”— in order to also include 
strategic management experience in corporate organizations in other jurisdictions and to explicitly 
address key sustainability issues like cybersecurity, climate protection, and occupational safety.  
Finally, the Supervisory Board adopted a resolution to extend the appointment of Thomas König 
as a Management Board member. 
Corporate Governance  
In the Corporate Governance Declaration issued at the end of the year, the Supervisory Board and 
the Management Board declared that E.ON was in full compliance with the recommendations of 
the Government Commission on the German Corporate Governance Code‚ dated April 28, 2022, 
published by the Federal Ministry of Justice in the official section of the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) on June 27, 2022, since the last declaration in December 2024. 
The Management Board and Supervisory Board also declared that E.ON has been in full 
compliance with the recommendations of the Government Commission on the German Corporate 
Governance Code‚ dated April 28, 2022, published by the Federal Ministry of Justice in the official 
section of the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) on June 27, 2022. The current version of the 
Declaration of Compliance as well as earlier versions are published on the Internet at 
www.eon.com↗.  
In early 2025 the Supervisory Board Chairman held discussions with investors on topics specific 
to the Supervisory Board at a corporate governance road show. 
In accordance with E.ON SE’s Articles of Association, the Management Board is authorized to 
provide that Annual Shareholders Meetings held on or before June 30, 2027, may be held 
without the physical presence of shareholders or their proxies at the venue of the Annual 
Shareholders Meeting. The Management Board, always in agreement with the Supervisory Board 
Chairman, decides annually on the format of the Annual Shareholders Meeting. Deliberations 
focus in particular on safeguarding shareholder rights. Aspects such as the agenda, energy and 
resource consumption, simplified participation options for shareholders, and process security are 
taken into account as well. On this basis, the 2026 Annual Shareholders Meeting will again take 
place in a virtual format.  
In fiscal year 2025, one member of the Innovation and Sustainability Committee had a potential 
conflict of interest with regard to an agenda item relating to E.ON’s operating business due to a 
directorship in another company. The member disclosed this potential conflict of interest to the 
Supervisory Board Chairman and the Committee Chairman and, as a precautionary measure, did 
not participate in the Committee’s deliberations on this matter. Otherwise, the Supervisory Board 
had no indication of any conflicts of interest on the part of members of the Management Board or 
Supervisory Board. 
In the past fiscal year, training and continuing education events on selected topics were held for 
Supervisory Board members. These events included training modules on sustainability reporting 
(in anticipation of the transposition of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive into 

[page 18]
To Our Investors →  Report of the Supervisory Board 18 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
German law) and on governance and compliance. In particular, these modules provided an 
overview of current developments in German and European legislation and their implications for 
E.ON. E.ON’s compliance management system was presented and discussed as well. In addition, 
the Supervisory Board dealt extensively with artificial intelligence (“AI”) in the 2025 fiscal year. 
Four in-house and external training modules on different areas of AI’s application were held. For 
example, the industrial perspective was examined in depth and E.ON’s use of AI was highlighted. 
In addition, a visit to a cybersecurity training center gave the Supervisory Board practical insights 
into the effects of a cyberattack and the options for defending against one. 
The targets for the Supervisory Board’s composition, including a competency profile and a 
diversity concept, with regard to Recommendation C.1 of the German Corporate Governance 
Code and Section 289f, Paragraph 2, Item 6 of the German Commercial Code and the status of 
the implementation of the competency profile in the form of a qualifications matrix are available 
in the Corporate Governance Declaration.  
The effectiveness of the Supervisory Board’s work and that of its committees was examined in 
October 2025 by means of a self-assessment using a detailed questionnaire. The Supervisory 
Board discussed the findings at one of its meetings. Collaboration on the Supervisory Board and 
with the Management Board was generally assessed to be trusting and constructive. The 
Supervisory Board and Management Board will take up suggestions for exploring certain topics in 
greater depth in fiscal year 2026. 
Committee Work 
To fulfill its duties carefully and efficiently, the Supervisory Board has created committees. All 
committees— with the exception of the Nomination Committee— have an equal number of 
shareholder and employee representatives. 
The Executive Committee held four ordinary meetings and one extraordinary meeting in fiscal 
year 2025. All members took part in all of the committee’s meetings. At its meetings, the 
committee, in particular, addressed the ongoing security and economic policy changes and their 
impact on E.ON’s business activities and assessed the political realignment following Germany’s 
federal elections in February 2025. Additionally, the Executive Committee dealt with the 
Management Board’s compensation, including the achievement of Management Board targets for 
2025. In addition, the Executive Committee did preparatory work for the resolutions relating to 
personnel matters on the Management Board and business projects requiring approval and, 
where it was responsible for doing so, passed resolutions on them. 
The Audit and Risk Committee met four times in fiscal year 2025. All members attended all 
meetings. The committee conducted a thorough review, in particular of the 2024 Financial 
Statements of E.ON SE (prepared in accordance with the German Commercial Code), the E.ON 
Group’s 2024 Consolidated Financial Statements (prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards, or “IFRS”), and the 2025 intermediate financial reports of E.ON SE. 
The committee discussed the recommendation for selecting an independent auditor for fiscal year 
2025 as well as the interim financial reports and assigned the tasks for the independent auditor’s 
auditing services, established the audit priorities, determined the independent auditor’s 
compensation and reviewed the independent auditor’s qualifications as well as the quality of the 
independent audit, and verified the auditor’s qualifications and independence in accordance with 
the requirements of the law and the German Corporate Governance Code. Furthermore, the 
committee assigned to the independent auditor the task of conducting the voluntary audit of 
E.ON SE and the E.ON Group’s combined Non-financial Statement as well as the audit of 
mandatory non-financial disclosures in accordance with the EU Taxonomy Regulation. The 
committee also assigned the task of the sustainability auditor’s audit services in the event of 
Germany’s anticipated transposition of European sustainability reporting requirements into 
national law. The committee also assured itself that the independent auditor has no conflicts of 
interest. In addition, the committee addressed other matters assigned to it by law, the Company’s 
Articles of Association, or the Supervisory Board’s rules and procedures, in particular Internal 
Audit’s activities and reports, accounting issues, risk management, transactions with related 
parties, and developments in the areas of compliance and data protection. Furthermore, the 
committee thoroughly discussed the Combined Group Management Report and the proposal for 
profit appropriation and prepared the relevant recommendations for the Supervisory Board and 
reported them to the Supervisory Board. On the basis of the quarterly risk reports, the committee 
noted that no risks were identified that might jeopardize the existence of the Group or individual 
segments. In addition, the committee addressed in detail occupational safety, the Company’s 
cyber and legal risks as well as business continuity management. In preparation for Germany’s 
transposition into law of the obligation to audit sustainability reporting, the committee dealt with 
this reporting. Furthermore, the Audit and Risk Committee dealt with the process of preparing the 
Company’s first Tax Information Report and its review by the Supervisory Board. In addition, 
there was a regular exchange of information between the Chairman of the Audit and Risk 
Committee and the independent auditor throughout the fiscal year.  
The Innovation and Sustainability Committee met four times. All members attended all of the 
committee’s meetings. Among other things, the committee dealt with E.ON’s market modeling, in 
particular its assumptions for long-term planning while factoring in developments in energy 
policy and competition. The committee also addressed Energy Retail business division’s strategy 
and examined the Energy Infrastructure Solutions business division’s strategic development. 

[page 19]
To Our Investors →  Report of the Supervisory Board 19 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Digitalization at the Energy Networks business division and E.ON’s innovation strategy were the 
subject of extensive discussions as well. 
The Nomination Committee met three times in fiscal year 2025. At these meetings it dealt 
extensively with succession planning for the Supervisory Board and the nomination proposals for 
the Supervisory Board for the 2025 and 2026 Annual Shareholder Meetings. All members 
attended the committee’s meetings. 
Committee chairpersons reported the agenda and results of their respective committee’s 
meetings to the full Supervisory Board on a regular basis. The Corporate Governance Declaration 
provides information about the committees’ composition and responsibilities. 
Examination and Approval of the Financial Statements, 
Approval of the Consolidated Financial Statements, 
Proposal for Profit Appropriation for the Year Ended 
December 31, 2025 
KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft (“KPMG”) audited and submitted an unqualified 
auditor’s and/or audit opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements of E.ON SE prepared in 
accordance with IFRS, the Combined Group Management Report, and the Compensation Report 
pursuant to Section 162 of the German Stock Corporation Act (German acronym: “AktG”) for the 
year ended December 31, 2025. 
KPMG was elected as Group auditor by the Annual Shareholders Meeting on May 15, 2025, and 
has been E.ON SE’s independent auditor without interruption since fiscal year 2021. The auditor 
responsible at KPMG is Alexander Bock, who is performing this function for the second time. The 
IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements exempt E.ON SE from the requirement to publish 
Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with German law.  
The Supervisory Board reviewed and, at its annual results meeting on February 24, 2026, 
thoroughly discussed— in the presence of the independent auditor and with knowledge of, and 
reference to, the Independent Auditor’s Report and the results of the preliminary review by the 
Audit and Risk Committee— E.ON SE’s Financial Statements prepared in accordance with the 
German Commercial Code, Consolidated Financial Statements, and Combined Group 
Management Report as well as the Management Board’s proposal for profit appropriation. The 
independent auditor was available for supplementary questions and answers. After concluding its 
own examination, the Supervisory Board determined that there are no objections to the findings. 
It therefore acknowledged and approved the Independent Auditor’s Report. 
The Supervisory Board also examined the sustainability reporting integrated into the Combined 
Group Management Report which includes the combined Non-Financial Statement. KPMG also 
audited the combined Non-Financial Statement and issued an unqualified opinion. The disclosures 
were subjected to a limited assurance engagement by KPMG; selected disclosures were audited 
with reasonable assurance. Following the final result of its examination, the Supervisory Board 
raised no objections to the integrated sustainability reporting. 
On February 24, 2026, the Supervisory Board approved the Financial Statements of E.ON SE 
prepared by the Management Board and the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Financial 
Statements are thus adopted. The Supervisory Board agrees with the Combined Group 
Management Report and, in particular, with its statements concerning the Company’s future 
development.  
The Supervisory Board examined the Management Board’s proposal for profit appropriation, 
which includes a cash dividend of €0. 57 per ordinary share, also taking into consideration the 
Company’s liquidity and its finance and investment plans. After examining and weighing all 
arguments, the Supervisory Board agrees with the Management Board’s proposal for profit 
appropriation. 
Personnel Changes on the Supervisory Board 
There were no personnel changes on the E.ON SE Supervisory Board in fiscal year 2025. Pages 
277 and 278 provide an overview of all members of the Supervisory Board. 
Essen, February 24, 2026  
The Supervisory Board  
Best wishes, 
 
 
Erich Clementi  
Chairman


[page 20]
 20 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
 
Combined Group 
Management Report
  

[page 21]
 21 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
About this Report 22 
Corporate Profile 24 
Strategy and Targets 24 
Management Control System 27 
Business Report 30 
Macroeconomic and Industry Environment 30 
Special Events 35 
Segment Information 37 
Group Information 51 
Our Success Factors:   
Employees, Customers, and Brand 63 
E.ON SE’s Earnings, Financial, and Asset Situation 69 
Forecast Report 71 
Risks and Opportunities Report 74 
Sustainability Statement 81 
General Information 82 
Climate Protection and Environment 92 
Social 113 
Governance 130 
Appendix to the Sustainability Statement 132 
Internal Control System 143 
Disclosures Regarding Takeovers and 
Explanatory Report 146 
 
 
 

[page 22]
Combined Group Management Report →  About this Report 22 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Links 
Internal → or external ↗ Link 
Links to additional information from 
inside or outside the report 
About this Report1 
Standards 
This Integrated Annual Report applies to the E.ON Group as well as E.ON SE. E.ON is therefore 
fulfilling all requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), the German 
Commercial Code (German abbreviation: “HGB”), and German Accounting Standards (German 
abbreviation: “DRS”). The Sustainability Statement is likewise integrated into the Combined 
Group Management Report. 
The Combined Group Management Report contains a number of structural changes and 
improvements compared with our 2024 Integrated Annual Report. The Business Report focuses 
on our three business divisions— Energy Networks, Energy Infrastructure Solutions, and Energy 
Retail— along with Corporate Functions/Other. We have supplemented the  
Segment Information → chapter, which now provides comprehensive reporting on our business 
divisions. Consequently, we moved the sections on our business divisions formerly contained in 
the Business Model chapter to Segment Information, rendering the former superfluous as a 
separate chapter.  
We placed the Sustainability Statement after the Business Report, the Forecast Report, and the 
Risks and Opportunities Report in order to increase readability and clarity. This enables the 
chapters to build on one another consistently. In addition, we no longer report on topics like 
working conditions, employee development, diversity, and customer satisfaction in the 
Sustainability Statement, but rather in the Business Report’s Our Success Factors → chapter as 
intangible resources due to their significance for E.ON. This new arrangement likewise aims to 
increase readability and clarity. 
At appropriate places, the Sustainability Statement makes references to the Combined Group 
Management Report in order to enhance the connectivity between financial and sustainability 
reporting and to avoid repeating content in the Combined Group Management Report, which 
includes the Sustainability Statement.  
 
1 This section is also part of the Sustainability Statement. It contains information  
on the ESRS disclosure requirements ESRS 2 BP-1 para. 3. 
In addition, the Combined Group Management Report, including the Sustainability Statement, 
provides references or links to websites that offer additional information beyond the Combined 
Group Management Report. These are supplementary only and serve exclusively to simplify 
access to the information. This information is not part of the Combined Group Management 
Report and its contents were therefore not audited by the independent auditor or the auditor of 
the Sustainability Statement. 
Scope 
This report encompasses all subsidiaries that are fully consolidated in E.ON’s 2025 Consolidated 
Financial Statements. Thresholds based on key performance indicators (“KPIs”) are used to 
distinguish companies that do not contribute significantly to the Integrated Annual Report. The 
Segment Information → chapter contains more information about the E.ON Group’s structure and 
business divisions. 
The reporting period is the 2025 calendar year. Statements on the future development of E.ON 
and its subsidiaries are estimates based on information available at the time of reporting. Actual 
results may deviate from these statements. In addition, the Integrated Annual Report includes the 
Disclosures Regarding Takeovers. The Corporate Governance Declaration is published on our 
website eon.com↗ in the Corporate Governance channel. 
The Integrated Annual Report was published on February 25, 2026, and is available in German 
and English as a pdf. You can download it at eon.com↗. The previous Integrated Annual Report 
was published in February 2025. You can find it and additional reports in the Investor Relations 
Archive ↗ at eon.com↗. 
 

[page 23]
Combined Group Management Report →  About this Report 23 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Audit Symbols 
[+] Audited with reasonable assurance as part of 
the audit of the Sustainability Statement, not 
part of the statutory audit of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements. 
►◄ Not part of the statutory audit of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements and 
audited with limited assurance as part of the 
audit of the Sustainability Statement. 
 
Language  
We generally use the shorter name for companies and organizations (such as “E.ON” rather than 
“E.ON SE”). 
Assurance 
The Combined Group Management Report is generally audited as part of the statutory audit of 
the financial statements. Content that is not part of the statutory audit of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements and is therefore excluded from the auditor’s report is identified separately. 
For the Sustainability Statement, which is not part of the statutory audit of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements, a separate assurance engagement (“Sustainability Assurance”) was 
performed by KPMG AG in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance 
Engagements (“ISAE”) 3000 (Revised) issued by the International Auditing and Assurance 
Standards Board (“IAASB”). The Sustainability Statement is audited with limited assurance. In 
addition, individual KPIs are subject to a separate audit with reasonable assurance as part of the 
audit of the Sustainability Statement. The relevant content is marked with [+] and is not part of 
the statutory audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Individual passages are marked with 
►◄ if they are not part of the statutory audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and have 
been audited with limited assurance as part of the audit of the Sustainability Statement. 
The precise scope of the audit is described in the Other Information section in the Independent 
Auditor’s Report → and in the Report on the Assurance Review of the Sustainability Statement →.

[page 24]
Combined Group Management Report →  Corporate Profile 24 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Corporate Profile 
Strategy and Targets2 
E.ON— one of the largest players in Europe‘s energy sector— is decisively propelling the energy 
transition. Growth, sustainability, and digitalization have been our corporate strategy’s three key 
elements since 2021. They enable E.ON to be the playmaker of the energy transition and to help 
make this transition economically viable. We aim for growth, climate protection, and social 
responsibility to go hand in hand. Our strategy focuses on the goal of generating value-enhancing 
growth, securing the energy supply for the long term, and shaping the transformation to keep 
energy affordable for users and society as a whole. Investments to digitalize and modernize our 
network infrastructure help us achieve this goal. Sustainable growth is the guiding principle 
shaping our strategic orientation and is at the core of our long-term corporate objectives. It aims 
to make our business model in our three core business divisions— Energy Networks, Energy 
Infrastructure Solutions, and Energy Retail— resilient and future-proof and to enable us to achieve 
our strategic targets. 
 
More Information on Our Business 
Divisions: 
Segment Information 
Energy Networks → 
Energy Infrastructure Solutions→ 
Energy Retail → 
  
 
2 This section is also part of the Sustainability Statement. It contains information on the ESRS disclosure  
requirements ESRS 2 SBM-1 para. 40e-g SBM-3 para. 48b and d, and ESRS E1 para. 34a. 

[page 25]
Combined Group Management Report →  Corporate Profile 25 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Growth  
Our strategy aims to actively shape the energy transition while generating value-enhancing 
growth. We plan to make substantial capital expenditures to implement this strategy— a total of 
around €48 billion from 2026 to 2030— which will primarily go toward expanding our network 
infrastructure. Our targets for 2030 are adjusted EBITDA of around €13 billion and earnings per 
share (“EPS”) of around €1.45. We also intend to increase our dividend by up to 5 percent 
annually through fiscal year 2030. These targets can only be achieved by the interactions of many 
different people. E.ON’s success is due in part to our employees‘ expertise and innovativeness and 
to our customers‘ satisfaction. Both stakeholder groups are decisive in enabling us to successfully 
implement our corporate strategy and achieve our targets.  
More Information on Our Business 
Performance: 
Financial Information Our Success Factors 
Earnings Situation → Employees → 
Financial Situation → Customers → 
Asset Situation → Brand → 
  

[page 26]
Combined Group Management Report →  Corporate Profile 26 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Sustainability 
Sustainability profoundly shapes E.ON‘s corporate strategy. We focus in particular on reducing 
carbon emissions, converting the energy supply to renewables, and promoting the heat transition. 
Our investments to strengthen and digitalize our network infrastructure and connect renewables 
facilities propel these efforts. Another key aspect of our strategy is protecting biodiversity: the 
ecological management of our powerline corridors is designed to promote species protection and 
biodiversity and to link valuable habitats. Vision 0— E.ON’s commitment to preventing all 
workplace accidents, especially serious and fatal incidents— is integral to our strategy as well. Our 
goal is to ensure a safe and healthy work environment for all employees, including those of our 
contractors. This underscores our role as a reliable partner. As part of society, we also want to 
help keep energy affordable for the long term in order to create an energy system that is not only 
climate-neutral but also permanently economical. E.ON lives up to this responsibility and to its 
role as the playmaker of the energy transition in part by actively engaging in political dialog.  
Digitalization  
For E.ON, digitalization is a key driver for the transformation of the energy system. E.ON invests 
in network infrastructure to make it smarter and more resilient, while also ensuring flexibility and 
security of supply. Digitalizing our distribution networks enables us to better monitor and balance 
out fluctuations and thus to operate our networks more efficiently and reliably. Our strategy for 
an affordable energy transition demonstrates how economic efficiency and sustainability can go 
together. One example is installing more smart energy meters to digitalize households. Smart 
energy meters enable consumers to efficiently manage their energy consumption and thus not 
only to save money but also to help enhance the energy system’s stability and reduce carbon 
emissions. Another focus of our digitalization is defense against cyberattacks: we take 
comprehensive steps to enhance cybersecurity in order to ensure that our critical infrastructure 
remains reliable and resilient. 
More Information on Sustainability: 
Environment Social Governance 
Climate Protection → Occupational Safety → Political Dialog → 
Biodiversity → Energy Affordability →  
 Security of Supply →  
 Cybersecurity→  
 

[page 27]
Combined Group Management Report →  Corporate Profile 27 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Management Control System3 
 
3 Except for the commentary on leading KPIs, this chapter is also part of the Sustainability Statement. It contains disclosures  on ESRS disclosure requirements ESRS GOV-1 para. 22c-d. 
 
A uniform Group-wide management control system serves to ensure the implementation of our 
corporate strategy and E.ON’s long-term success. Our management control system is divided into 
three categories: leading key performance indicators (“KPIs”), impact KPIs, and insight KPIs. 
Leading and impact KPIs are relevant for management control and/or Management Board 
compensation, whereas insight KPIs provide a comprehensible explanation of our business 
performance to internal and external stakeholder groups.  
We continue to depict the different facets of our corporate performance by dividing our 
management indicators into financial, operating, and sustainability KPIs. Financial and operating 
KPIs are presented primarily in the Business Report, whereas sustainability KPIs appear mainly in 
the Sustainability Statement.  
  

[page 28]
Combined Group Management Report →  Corporate Profile 28 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Leading KPIs 
With our focus on long-term, sustainable, and value-oriented growth, leading KPIs are the main 
metrics for internal management control and the assessment of our business development. They 
represent the most significant KPIs pursuant to DRS 20 requirements. They are also the 
cornerstones of our forecast and strategic management. 
Adjusted EBITDA is an earnings figure before interest income, income taxes, and depreciation and 
amortization that has been adjusted to exclude non-operating effects. The adjustments include 
net book gains, certain restructuring expenses, effects in conjunction with derivative financial 
instruments, and— for the first time from fiscal year 2026 onward— value-neutral temporary 
effects in our network business. These arise from temporal deviations between permissible and 
actual revenues that are offset in later periods. The timing of the offsets is determined by the 
country-specific regulatory scheme. The deviations result mainly from deviations in revenues 
related to sales volume, costs for upstream networks, redispatch, and network losses. They also 
reflect certain additional personnel costs from pension obligations in Germany. Consequently, 
adjusted EBITDA is the indicator of sustainable earnings capacity and the appropriate KPI for 
determining the performance of our business.  
Adjusted earnings per share (“EPS”) and, effective this fiscal year, adjusted net income (from 
which EPS is derived) are also among our most significant KPIs. EPS is equal to adjusted net 
income divided by the weighted average number of shares outstanding in the fiscal year. In 
addition to adjusted EBITDA, depreciation and amortization, interest income, tax and financial 
results as well as non-controlling interests are included and likewise adjusted to exclude non-
operating effects. This allows a holistic assessment of the earnings situation from the perspective 
of the shareholders of E.ON SE. 
Investments consist of investment expenditures on property, plant, and equipment, intangible 
assets, and share investments as well as expenditures for loans to non-consolidated affiliated 
companies and other loans that are shown in the E.ON Group’s Consolidated Statements of Cash 
Flows.  
Impact KPIs 
Impact KPIs are other significant key performance indicators and ensure that our growth accords 
with our stakeholders’ various interests and that the Company’s success is viewed holistically. 
We place a particular focus on our customers, employees, shareholders, and bondholders. In 
addition, impact KPIs explicitly embed sustainability indicators in the ongoing management of our 
activities and thus contribute to the long-term success of our strategy and business model. 
As a customer-oriented company, the ability to acquire new customers and retain existing ones is 
crucial to our success. Net Promoter Score (“NPS”) measures customers’ willingness to 
recommend E.ON to a friend or colleague. The proportion of female managers also plays an 
important role and reflects our commitment to promoting equal opportunity. These KPIs are also 
relevant for compensation, which further underscores their significance. Our Company’s 
attractiveness for investors is reflected in total shareholder return (“TSR”) (see Note 11 → to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements) and dividend per share (“DPS”), which is part of TSR.  
Solid financing is essential to E.ON’s long-term, sustainable growth strategy. We use operating 
cash flow before interest and taxes (“OCFbIT”) to assess our operating liquidity before financing 
costs and tax payments. Transparency on our operating cash flow and thus financial performance 
enables us to respond swiftly to market changes. Return on capital employed (“ROCE”) is included 
in our management control system as a significant KPI to assess the efficiency of capital 
employed. Cash-conversion rate serves as an indicator of E.ON’s ability to transform operating 
earnings into cash inflows. Debt factor, which is the ratio of our economic net debt to adjusted 
EBITDA, ensures a healthy capital structure.  
The progression of our carbon footprint is also an important indicator and reflects our 
commitment to actively shaping the energy transition and promoting climate protection. 
Occupational safety is of great significance as well: we use serious incident frequency (“SIF”) and 
lost-time injury frequency (“LTIF”) to record the number and severity of occupational accidents. 
These data provide the basis for identifying risks and implementing measures to improve 
occupational safety for our workforce and also for our contractors’ employees. Together, these 
KPIs provide an extensive assessment of our actions with respect to environmental, social, and 
governance matters.  
 

[page 29]
Combined Group Management Report →  Corporate Profile 29 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Insight KPIs 
Alongside the performance indicators described above, other financial, operating, and 
sustainability indicators, known as insight KPIs, serve to transparently and comprehensibly 
explain our business performance to internal and external stakeholders groups. Insight KPIs 
include, among other things, distributed power and gas volume as well as power and gas sales 
volume. These important operating KPIs provide an indication of our business performance and 
thus also of our earnings. This category also includes external sales, selected employee-related 
information, and other KPIs relating to climate protection, biodiversity, occupational safety, and 
security of supply.

[page 30]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 30 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Business Report 
Macroeconomic and Industry Environment 
Macroeconomic Environment 
Geopolitical and trade tensions along with the associated uncertainties for the global economy 
continued in 2025 and were reflected in the growth forecasts for global gross domestic product 
(“GDP”). The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) estimated that 
global GDP grew by 3.2 percent in 2025, slightly below the prior year (3.3 percent). Inflation was 
4.2 percent, down from 5.7 percent in the previous year.  
Economic Developments in the Eurozone 
The OECD put eurozone GDP growth at 1.2 percent in 2025 (prior year: 0.8 percent). It attributed 
this to higher exports in anticipation of tariff increases. Amid moderate economic growth and 
eurozone inflation hovering near the 2.0 percent target (inflation of 2.4 percent in October), the 
European Central Bank left its key interest rate unchanged at 2.0 percent in October. 
Economic Developments in Germany  
In September the OECD revised its growth forecast for Germany downward. In June the 
organization had predicted GDP growth of 0.4 percent for 2025, whereas it now expects 
economic growth of 0.3 percent. This is an improvement over the previous year, as Germany’s 
economy stagnated in 2024 according to the OECD. Industrial companies in particular produced 
less than expected in 2025, and the order situation remains weak. Germany’s average annual 
inflation rate was 2.2 percent. 
Development of Energy Prices 
Geopolitical uncertainties as well as discussions about U.S. import tariffs had a significant impact 
on price developments and volatility on Europe’s power and gas markets. These factors are of key 
importance to E.ON, in particular for its procurement of power and gas for its customer portfolio. 
We report on the possible implications of price developments on certain financial KPIs in the 
sections on our earnings, financial, and asset situation (see Segment Information → and Group 
Information →). 

[page 31]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 31 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Following an increase in power and gas prices in December 2024— triggered by the anticipated 
end of gas transit through Ukraine— commodity prices moved sideways at the beginning of 
January 2025. The price of year-ahead gas (a futures contract for gas delivery in the next 
calendar year) was about €40 per MWh, and the price of year -ahead baseload power in Germany 
was around €90 per MWh.  
Low storage levels and forecasts for cold temperatures led to a further price increase in early 
February: year-ahead gas rose to over €44 per MWh, and year -ahead baseload power in Germany 
briefly surpassed €100 per MWh.  
Mild weather and a seasonal decline in demand initially sent prices lower in March before 
geopolitical tensions led to another recovery. 
Energy price rose sharply in mid-June when Iran and Israel entered into armed conflict. They 
returned to normal after a swift ceasefire agreement. 
Commodity prices were less volatile in subsequent months amid a partial calming of the 
geopolitical situation. Israel and Hamas agreed to a ceasefire, and the United States concluded 
trade agreements with both the EU and China. 
Gas prices in particular were largely on a slow downward trend in the second half of the year due 
to the relaxation of storage regulations and, ultimately, a strong LNG supply. In the summer, 
therefore, gas storage facilities already had sufficient inventory for the start of winter. Year-ahead 
gas fell to an annual low of €26 per MWh in mid -December, while year-ahead baseload power in 
Germany stood at €84 per MWh.  
Energy Policy Environment 
Europe 
Global political events continue to cause uncertainty. More than ever, energy policy means supply 
and security policy as well. In addition, the energy transition’s affordability is increasingly 
emerging as a key factor for Europe’s competitiveness.  
At the start of her second term in office, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen 
made clear that her focus is on strengthening Europe’s ability to defend itself and, above all, 
promoting Europe’s long-term prosperity and significantly enhancing its competitiveness. In 
February 2025 the Commission therefore presented the Clean Industrial Deal as a key industrial 
policy initiative. The aim is to add an industrial policy dimension to the Green Deal, strengthen 
Europe’s position in global competition, and provide a strategic response to current geopolitical 
challenges. 
The Clean Industrial Deal has six priority action areas. The top priority, however, is to reduce 
energy prices. This was highlighted by the simultaneous publication of the Action Plan for 
Affordable Energy, which is considered one of the Clean Industrial Deal’s core elements. The 
action plan focuses both on short-term measures to provide immediate relief from electricity 
prices and longer-term measures to lastingly reduce costs. Network fees, which in the future are 
to provide greater incentives to use flexibility and may be reduced by public funds if necessary, 
are among the Commission’s short-term measures. The Commission also refers to the financial 
burden caused by taxes and levies and, indirectly, calls on member states to reduce electricity 
taxes to the European minimum. The Commission’s longer-term measures focus especially on 
shortening consents periods for energy infrastructure and accelerating the expansion of cross-
border power networks. Reducing taxes and levies in particular reflects E.ON's position. This 
would immediately reduce the cost gap between gas and electricity prices and propel 
electrification. The member states, however, are responsible for implementation. 

[page 32]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 32 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The action plan’s longer-term measures are largely addressed in the Grids Package published in 
early December. The latter aims to enhance EU-wide coordination of network planning for power, 
gas, and hydrogen and to accelerate cross-border projects. The package also includes a new 
directive with shorter deadlines for consents processes for networks, renewables, storage 
facilities, and charging infrastructure for electric vehicles. In addition, it contains requirements for 
distribution network operators to review connection requests within tight deadlines and to offer 
flexible connection agreements in the event of insufficient network capacity. The package is 
supplemented by non-binding guidance for member states offering recommendations for 
reducing long connection backlogs. The European Parliament and Council will introduce 
amendments to the Commission’s proposal and negotiate the final text during 2026. This will 
enable a more detailed assessment of the package’s impact on E.ON, particularly with regard to 
the overall framework for planning, approving, and, where applicable, financing power networks. 
Alongside the Clean Industrial Deal, in June the Commission presented a legislative proposal for a 
2040 climate target of reducing emissions by 90 percent as part of the amendment of the EU 
Climate Law, which the Parliament and Council agreed on in early December in trilogue. Far-
reaching concessions were made to bring hesitant member states on board: up to 5 percent 
international reduction credits, a weakened European Emissions Trading System (“ETS”) 1 for 
industry, and, above all, a one-year postponement of ETS2 for road transport and buildings. ETS2 
would oblige E.ON as a regulated company to procure and submit emission allowances on behalf 
of its gas customers. The agreement on the EU Climate Law postpones E.ON’s adoption of the 
corresponding ETS compliance system by one year. This had no material impact on E.ON’s 
earnings, financial, and asset position in 2025.  
Germany 
The coalition agreement of the new federal government (consisting of CDU, CSU, and SPD) 
commits Germany to the goal of achieving climate neutrality by 2045 and further expanding 
renewables. The agreement also calls for the status of the energy transition to be monitored 
scientifically. The monitoring study is supposed to provide a common basis for additional energy 
policy projects during the current legislative period. In the study, the experts conclude, among 
other things, that electricity demand in Germany is likely to rise less rapidly through 2030 than 
previously anticipated. Going forward, the federal government wants generation and 
consumption to be more closely synchronized with the expansion of power networks. This is in 
line with E.ON’s position that electrification powered by renewables is the path to climate 
neutrality, but that excessive construction should be avoided in order to limit costs. Nevertheless, 
the need for investment in electricity grids remains considerable. 
The E.ON Group’s network operators received an immense number of network connection 
requests in 2025 amounting to an unprecedented amount of capacity. The requests came from 
renewable power plants, large battery storage facilities, and increasingly, from eTruck charging 
infrastructure and data centers. Requests from large-scale storage facilities in particular 
increased significantly. Network capacity is already extremely limited. The majority of connection 
points in E.ON’s grid— namely, transformer stations— can only connect large load customers to a 
very limited extent. This issue is not specific to E.ON but rather a challenge across Germany. 
Consequently, it is urgently necessary to reorganize the way in which scarce grid capacity is 
allocated and, if necessary, prioritized between different customer groups. Lawmakers too have 
recognized this. The Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy announced an initiative to 
amend the legal framework in the first quarter of 2026. E.ON will participate in this process by 
making constructive proposals. 
Competitive energy prices were a key focus of energy policy legislation in the year under review. 
Transmission network fees will be reduced in 2026 by means of a €6.5 billion federal subsidy  
from the Climate and Transformation Fund. Network fees— including those charged by E.ON— will 
be reduced accordingly for customers with direct connections to the transmission network 
(primarily large-scale industry) and indirectly for customers connected to the downstream levels 
of distribution networks. 
Another measure to reduce electricity prices was the decision to reduce the electricity tax for 
companies in the manufacturing, agricultural, and forestry sectors to the EU minimum level 
beyond year-end 2025. The federal government’s draft bill did not include extending this tax 
relief to all consumer groups, as the coalition agreement originally foresaw. From E.ON’s point of 
view, however, doing so would make sense in order to reduce government levies included in 
electricity prices for everyone and thus create an incentive to switch to climate-friendly 
electricity, for example for space heating and/or mobility. 
In addition, the gas storage levy, which serves to retroactively finance the filling of gas storage 
facilities during the energy crisis in 2022, will in the future be covered by the Climate and 
Transformation Fund. Gas customers will therefore no longer have to pay the levy. 
These measures, particularly those that reduce electricity prices and networks fees, are welcome 
news because they benefit customers. They had no impact on E.ON’s earnings, financial, and 
asset situation. However, these measures are only temporary, and their continuation depends in 
part on the federal government’s budgetary situation. Consequently, E.ON believes that Germany 
also needs to make structural reforms in order to lastingly reduce energy costs. 

[page 33]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 33 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The coalition agreement expressly endorses the establishment of a capacity mechanism, which 
E.ON has also advocated. Such a mechanism would remunerate power-plant operators for 
maintaining reserve generating capacity that can come online to ensure security of supply when 
renewables feed-in fluctuates. The Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy, which is 
taking the lead on this issue, has been monitoring the energy transition. In this context it is 
drawing up plans for Germany to have a technology-neutral capacity market starting in 2027. 
The market should be open to sources of micro-flexibility as well.  
An amendment to the Energy Industry Act (German abbreviation: “EnWG”) introduced European 
consumer protection regulations and adjustments to the Metering Point Operation Act. That the 
expansion of distribution networks will in the future be deemed to be an overriding public 
interest— thus facilitating consents processes— is a welcome development. From E.ON’s point of 
view, the EnWG requires additional reforms, among other things to regulate how to connect new 
generating facilities and batteries to the grid more efficiently. 
Germany’s transposition of the European NIS 2 Directive into national law revises the 
requirements for safeguarding critical infrastructure against cyberattacks. E.ON, which operates 
critical infrastructure, fundamentally welcomes these measures to protect public order and 
security. 
In early 2024 Germany’s Federal Network Agency (German acronym: “BNetzA”) published a key 
elements paper entitled Networks. Efficient. Secure. Transformed (“NEST”). It thereby launched a 
process to review its current regulatory framework with regard to the fifth regulatory period (gas 
from 2028 onward, power from 2029 onward) for distribution system operators (“DSOs”) and 
gas transmission system operators (“gas TSOs”). The BNetzA’s review responded to the expiration 
of the previous regulatory scheme consisting of the Incentive Regulation and Network Charges 
Ordinance, which a ruling by the European Court of Justice rendered valid for a limited period 
only, namely until the end of the fourth regulatory period. Since then, this process has featured 
extensive discussion of changes that relate not only to general cost recognition but also to all 
major regulatory parameters. These include the regulated cost of capital remuneration, the 
imputed return on equity, the future application of general and individual efficiency targets in 
incentive regulation, and the BNetzA’s plans to improve how it factors in increases in operating 
costs caused by the energy transition. The BNetzA published initial draft determinations in the 
summer of 2025. In December 2025 it published the first final determinations of this 
comprehensive package of determinations for revising the regulatory framework for DSOs. These 
included the final framework determinations (Power RAMEN and Gas RAMEN), the final power 
and gas network fee determinations (Power/Gas NEF), and the final determinations of the method 
for efficiency benchmarking, regulated cost of capital remuneration, and the general sectoral 
productivity factor (Xgen). The Higher Regional Court of Düsseldorf will review parts of these 
determinations at the request of the energy industry, including the E.ON Group’s DSOs. 
Consequently, these determinations are not yet legally binding for the fifth regulatory period. 
Furthermore, additional methodological and individual determinations are expected by the end of 
2028. All of this together will then constitute Germany’s future regulatory framework for power 
and gas DSOs from the fifth regulatory period onward. E.ON is closely monitoring this ongoing 
process and continually analyzing potential implications for the Group's earnings, financial, and 
asset situation (see Segment Information →, Group Information →, and the Risks and 
Opportunities Report →).  
Alongside these revenue provisions relevant for network operators, the BNetzA published a 
discussion paper on the General Grid Fee Methodology for Power (German acronym: “AgNeS”) on 
May 12, 2025. It is intended to make the general grid fee methodology fit for the future in line 
with the energy transition. The grid fee methodology is of particular importance for grid users 
because it assigns grid costs to individual user groups. The deliberations on the general grid fee 
methodology now also incorporate the discussion on industrial grid fees, which the BNetzA began 
a few months earlier. The BNetzA issued its first discussion paper in May 2025, providing initial 
impetus for a new grid fee methodology. The BNetzA’s multi-stage consultation process involves 
a variety of market participants. In December 2025 the agency began holding its first workshops 
on selected aspects related to refining the general grid fee methodology. The workshops will 
continue during 2026 and focus on topics like the fair treatment of all grid customers (including 
decentralized feed-in from renewables and storage facilities) and the possibility of making grid 
fees more dynamic. E.ON will continue to closely monitor and help shape this process. 
In mid-January 2026 the BNetzA published an initial key elements paper on the BRÜCKEN (BK9-
25/618) determination procedure to regulate the regulatory treatment of provisions for the 
decommissioning and unavoidable dismantling of natural gas grids. Additions to and reversals of 
such provisions are to be recognized for regulatory purposes as early as 2025 (based on the 
provisions actually created) but only from 2028 onward with a corresponding time lag. 
Recognition is limited to necessary measures; there is no separate definition of unavoidable 
dismantling, which will be derived from EnWG Section 48b. As in the NEST process, the BNetzA 
is expected to publish a draft determination based on this later in 2026. This will further specify 
the aspects and suggestions from the key issues paper, while taking into account the comments 
that are submitted. 
United Kingdom 
In 2025 the new government continued to focus on implementing its clean power mission. This 
calls for low-carbon energy to meet about 95 percent of U.K. electricity demand by 2030. 
Another round of renewable energy auctions was held in late 2025. It will be decisive in 

[page 34]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 34 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
determining whether Britain can achieve its 2030 target. Britain also made the final investment 
decision on building Sizewell C nuclear power plant (“NPP”). Energy affordability— for households 
as well as businesses— remains a key policy challenge for the government. There is a growing 
recognition that high electricity costs must be reduced in order to lower the cost of living and 
strengthen economic competitiveness. This could lead the government to take steps— relating in 
particular to government fees and taxes— to ease the financial burden on customers. E.ON 
believes that it is crucial to think about affordability and decarbonization together: the systematic 
lowering of structural costs and the targeted use of flexible, controllable technologies are key 
preconditions for making the energy transition economically viable and limiting market 
intervention. 
Netherlands 
The first cabinet after Mark Rutte, consisting of three parties that had not previously been 
involved in government, collapsed in 2025 after a short term in office. A new coalition was 
formed amid considerable energy and climate policy challenges. The Netherlands’ national 
climate targets faced more pressure in 2025, owing in particular to limited network capacity and 
to the regulatory framework. This hampered the expansion of new energy infrastructure. 
Nevertheless, important regulatory decisions were made: the new Energy Act, which transposed 
the European Clean Energy Package into Dutch law, took effect on January 1, 2026, and will be 
gradually put in practice into the years ahead. Its purpose is to propel the energy transition while 
strengthening Dutch industry’s competitiveness. The new Heat Act also went through key stages 
of the political process in 2025. An energy emergency fund supported low-income households in 
2025 for the third consecutive year in order to alleviate social hardship. Policy and regulatory 
developments in the Netherlands generally support E.ON’s strategic course, particularly regarding 
the triad of sustainability, security of supply, and affordable energy. 
Sweden 
In September Sweden’s current government presented its last budget for this legislative period. 
The budget aims to spur growth and includes extensive tax cuts on food and electricity. During 
2025 the government continued to promote new sources of nuclear energy, including introducing 
a support mechanism for building new NPPs. It created the possibility of building NPPs at more 
locations than the three previously permitted. The government has made it clear that it wants the 
ground-breaking ceremony for new NPPs to occur during its term of office. The budget presented 
in September also includes higher investments in combined heat and power (“CHP”), for example 
by increasing production subsidies and lowering electricity taxes for all consumers. Before the 
elections, the government also announced new legislation for the electricity market and for 
customers without an active tariff choice. E.ON welcomes the budget presented by the 
government. The budget’s targets for district heating, and the promotion of new CHP plants are 
noteworthy for our Energy Infrastructure Solutions business division. 
Summary Assessment of the Economic and Policy 
Environment 
The past fiscal year was marked by a persistently weak macroeconomic environment. Despite this 
backdrop, E.ON achieved the Group targets it had forecast for 2025. Segment Information → and 
Group Information → provide additional details. Furthermore, we continuously monitor and 
analyze energy policy developments at the EU level, in Germany, and in the markets relevant to 
the Group and assess their potential impact on our business activities and strategic course.

[page 35]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 35 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Special Events 
Special Events in the Reporting Period  
E.ON Issues Several Bonds 
E.ON successfully issued several euro-denominated bonds totaling €2.85 billion in fiscal year 
2025: 
• €850 million bond that matures in April 2033 and has a coupon of 3.5 percent (issued in 
January 2025) 
• €900 million green bond that matures in January 2040 and has a coupon of 4.0 percent (issued 
in January 2025) 
• €500 million green bond that matures in September 2031 and has a coupon of 3.0 percent 
(issued in August 2025) 
• €600 million green bond that matures in September 2035 and has a coupon of 3.5 percent 
(issued in August 2025) 
In October 2025 E.ON issued the first green bound under its new Australian Dollar Medium Term 
Note (“AMTN”) program. The AUD 500 million bond matures in ten years, has a coupon of  
5.461 percent, and is fully hedged against interest rate and currency fluctuations. 
Both the Schuldschein (see below) and the green bond issued under the AMTN program helped 
further diversify our investor base. At the same time, E.ON used green bonds to meet more than 
70 percent of its financing needs for fiscal year 2025, again significantly exceeding its target of 
over 50 percent. 
Schuldschein Issued 
On April 9, 2025, E.ON concluded a €102 million Schuldschein  with a variable interest rate. The 
Schuldschein has a term of six years. 
New Syndicated Credit Facility Concluded 
In May 2025 E.ON successfully concluded a new €4.7 billion syndicated credit facility with a term 
of five years and two options to extend the term in each case for one year. In addition, the 
facility’s amount can be increased by up to €1 billion during its term. The facility’s purpose is to 
secure the Group’s liquidity. It replaces E.ON’s previous €3.5 billion syndicated credit facility 
ahead of its maturity in October 2026. The amount was increased to €4.7 billion to support 
E.ON’s organic growth trajectory. 
New Green Financing Framework Published 
On November 3, 2025, E.ON published a new Green Financing Framework, which replaces its 
previous Green Bond Framework. The Green Financing Framework focuses on E.ON’s power 
distribution networks and covers its EU taxonomy-aligned network activities not only in Germany 
and Sweden, but also in the Czech Republic and in Poland. Furthermore, the framework enables 
E.ON to issue a broader range of green financing instruments. Rating agency Moody’s provided a 
second-party opinion (“SPO”) on the sustainability credentials of E.ON’s Green Financing 
Framework, which it assigned its highest Sustainability Quality Score of “SQS1 Excellent.” 
Moody’s assessment also confirms that activities financed under the framework are fully aligned 
with the EU Taxonomy. 
Termination of Agreement Reached for Sale of Energy Retail Business in 
Romania 
E.ON had signed an agreement on December 16, 2024, to sell its 68 percent shareholding in E.ON 
Energie România S.A. (reported in the Energy Retail Other operating segment) and its 98 percent 
shareholding in E.ON Asist Complet S.A. (not consolidated) to MVM Group. The business was 
classified as a disposal group under IFRS 5 since the fourth quarter of 2024. 
In the fourth quarter of 2025, E.ON noted the decision by MVM to withdraw its application for 
Foreign Direct Investment approval in Romania. This approval was a condition to complete the 
transaction alongside the approval by the European Commission. Based on the withdrawal of 
both approvals, E.ON and MVM agreed to terminate the sale and purchase agreement. E.ON will 
focus on further developing the businesses. 

[page 36]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 36 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Accordingly, the Energy Retail business in Romania no longer meets the criteria of IFRS 5.7-9 and 
is therefore no longer classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2025. Consequently, for fiscal 
year 2025, scheduled depreciation and amortization of around € -9 million had to be made up ex-
post on the depreciable assets that had previously been part of the disposal group and for which a 
prohibition of depreciation and amortization was in force during this time in accordance with  
IFRS 5.25. 
Agreement to Sell Gas Distribution Network in the Czech Republic 
In September 2025 E.ON signed an agreement with GasNet s.r.o. (a ČEZ Group company) to sell 
its 100 percent stake in Gas Distribution s.r.o. The company is part of Energy Networks’ Central 
Eastern Europe. The transaction, which was subject to necessary regulatory approvals, was 
expected to be completed in the first half of 2026. For the aforementioned reasons, the company 
is reported as a disposal group in accordance with IFRS 5. This classification first took effect on 
September 30, 2025, and will remain until the transaction’s closing. Neither as of September 30 
nor as of December 31, 2025, was it necessary to recognize an impairment loss in the disposal 
group by reducing the carrying amount to fair value less costs to sell. More information on the 
transaction’s closing on January 15, 2026, is provided on the next page. 
Deconsolidation of NEW AG 
As part of the strategic fine-tuning of its shareholding portfolio, E.ON deconsolidated its 
previously fully consolidated shareholding in NEW AG and in NEW Group’s subsidiaries as of 
September 30, 2025. These business activities, which were previously reported in two segments 
(Energy Networks –  Germany and Energy Retail –  Germany) will henceforth be reported in the 
Energy Networks –  Germany segment as a shareholding accounted for using the equity method 
in accordance with IAS 28. The reclassification reflects a change in control rights for the 
shareholding and was made on the basis of a remeasurement of the shareholding’s current fair 
value.  
The deconsolidation resulted in a loss of roughly €400 million. The loss, which is entirely 
attributable to the remeasurement of the remaining shares at fair value, is reported under other 
operating expenses as a non-operating result. The deconsolidation loss is mainly technical in 
nature and results from the allocation of the departing segments’ goodwill on the basis of relative 
amounts in accordance with IAS 36.86. 
 
Subsequent Events  
E.ON Successfully Concludes Two Bond Issues after the Balance-Sheet 
Date 
E.ON successfully issued two bonds totaling €1.6 billion in early January 2026:  
• €750 million bond that matures in January 2034 and has a coupon of 3.448 percent  
• €850 million green bond that matures in January 2038 and has a coupon of 3.895 percent.  
The green bond marks the first issuance under the Green Financing Framework that E.ON 
published in November 2025. This transaction enables E.ON to secure a portion of its funding 
requirements for 2026. 
Furthermore, on January 23, 2026, E.ON concluded the issue of a €300 million  Schuldschein with 
a variable interest rate . This Schuldschein has a term of six years. 
Sale of Gas Distribution Network in the Czech Republic Closed 
We reported in the section above on the agreed-on sale of our gas distribution network in the 
Czech Republic. The transaction closed on January 15, 2026. It yields disposal gains in the low 
triple-digit million range. There was consequently no need for an impairment charge on the 
balance-sheet date.

[page 37]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 37 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Segment Information  
We are one of Europe’s largest energy companies and have  
about 78,300 employees.4 E.ON is divided into three business  
divisions—Energy Networks, Energy Infrastructure Solutions, and  
Energy Retail—plus Corporate Functions. Our  1.2 million kilometers  
of energy distribution networks and 33.3 million customers  
enable us to play a leading role in shaping a green, digital, and  
decentralized energy world.5 It's on us to make new energy work. 
 
Market Positions in Fiscal Year 2025 
• Market position by country 
E.ON— the playmaker of the energy transition— is active across much of Europe.  
Our markets that generate the most earnings are Germany, the United Kingdom,  
the Netherlands, Sweden, and Czechia. 
• Market position by number of customers5 
Measured by the number of power and gas customers, E.ON is the largest energy company  
in Germany (12.9 million) and the Netherlands (4.0 million) and is the third largest in the United  
Kingdom (8.3 million).  
• Market position by kilometers of energy networks5 
E.ON has Germany’s longest power and gas networks (780,000 kilometers) and is thus the  
country’s largest distribution network operator. Our power network in Sweden  
(144,000 kilometers) makes us one of its three largest distribution network operators.
 
4 Full-time equivalents (“FTEs”). 
5 Excludes the network length and customers of our companies in Türkiye, in Slovakia, and at NEW Group. 

[page 38]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 38 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Energy Networks  
Business Model6 
Our Energy Networks business division operates power and gas distribution networks and 
engages in related activities. Distribution networks form the backbone of the energy transition. 
E.ON operates energy networks in four regional markets: Germany, Sweden, Central and Eastern 
Europe (including Czechia, Poland, and an at-equity shareholding in Slovakia), and South Eastern 
Europe (including Hungary, Croatia, Romania, and Enerjisa Enerji, an at-equity shareholding in 
Türkiye). This business division’s main tasks are to operate its power and gas networks reliably, 
conduct all necessary maintenance and repairs, and expand its power and gas networks, often in 
conjunction with installing customer connections and connecting renewable generating and 
storage facilities. 
In addition, our upstream value chain mainly consists of goods and services for operating, 
maintaining, and expanding our power and gas distribution networks.  
Selected Highlights from Fiscal Year 2025 
• Investments in the energy transition increased 
Energy Networks‘ investments rose by 20 percent year-over-year and went mainly toward 
projects relating to the energy transition.  
• Adjusted EBITDA at upper end of forecast range 
Adjusted EBITDA surpassed the prior year by 12 percent. Our growing regulated asset base 
resulting from ongoing investments— especially in Germany— was among the factors in this 
positive performance. 
• We are the playmaker of the energy transition and are making our networks more digital 
Our 10,000th
 digital local network station, which meets a new Group standard, entered service 
in E.ON’s network territory in Germany in the summer of 2025. 
  
 
6 This section is part of the Sustainability Statement. It contains disclosures to ESRS disclosure requirements ESRS 2 SBM -1 para. 40a 
i. and ii. and para. 42. 

[page 39]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 39 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Selected Energy Networks Projects  
E.ON enhances the energy transition by investing millions in digitalization  
E.ON’s extensive procurement initiative is propelling the energy transition’s progress in Germany 
in this decade and beyond. We have been concluding long-term contracts manufacturers in 
Germany and elsewhere in Europe that produce core components for expanding and modernizing 
infrastructure.  
Our procurement initiative will encompass more than 100,000 kilometers of medium- and low-
voltage cables, tens of thousands of digital local network stations, more than 500 medium-
voltage circuit breaker systems for substations, and around 29,000 distribution and power 
transformers. Integrating these components into its distribution network in Germany will enable 
E.ON to connect numerous additional wind and solar farms, help further ramp up of eMobility and 
heat pumps, and support battery storage systems and data centers. 
A key aspect of the procurement initiative is the standardization of components and the 
digitalization of the network and system landscape. Reducing technical variants improves 
planning and production processes for manufacturers. It also speeds up network expansion and 
modernization generally. E.ON’s procurement initiative as a network operator will help advance 
Germany’s energy transition and help make it economically viable. However, the growing 
demands on network infrastructure also mean that it must be continually developed to ensure—
for our customers— a secure, independent, and affordable energy supply in Europe. 
10,000th digital local network station enters service in Germany 
Our 10,000th
 digital local network station, which meets a new Group standard, entered service in 
E.ON’s network territory in Germany in July 2025. This is a significant milestone. Because the 
rapidly growing number of solar systems, battery storage facilities, electric vehicles, and heat 
pumps is placing increasing demands on distribution networks in particular. E.ON recently 
connected its two millionth renewable energy plant to its networks in Germany. These plants 
have a total output of more than 100 gigawatts. We need data from smart equipment and digital 
local network stations to enable us to continue operating our distribution networks reliably and 
efficiently and thus ensure security of supply. 
Drones: smart helpers for networks 
Drones offer considerable added value in applications like flying over overhead lines and 
electricity pylons, monitoring our construction sites, and continually improving occupational 
safety. Our network companies in Germany currently use about 245 drones for various tasks. For 
example, drones can produce high-resolution images for AI applications such as automated 
damage detection.  
Preparing a drone for flight. 
  


[page 40]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 40 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Operating KPIs  
Network Length and Network Customers  
E.ON’s power networks in Germany were about 686,000 kilometers long, slightly shorter than in 
the prior year (about 692,000 kilometers). At year-end E.ON had about 14.2 million network 
customers for power in its service territory (prior year: about 14.8 million). E.ON’s gas system in 
Germany was slightly shorter at about 94,000 kilometers (prior year: about 98,000 kilometers). 
The number of gas network customers declined slightly as well, to roughly 1.7 million (prior year: 
roughly 1.9 million). These declines mainly reflect NEW Group’s deconsolidation. 
The length of E.ON’s power networks in Sweden was about 144,000 kilometers (prior year: about 
143,000 kilometers). The number of customers in the power distribution system was about 1.1 
million, unchanged from the prior year. 
E.ON operates power networks in Central Eastern Europe with a total system length of roughly 
87,000 kilometers (prior year: about 87,000 kilometers) and supplies about 2.8 million network 
customers (prior year: 2.7 million). Gas networks operated by E.ON were roughly 4,600 
kilometers long (prior year: around 4,600 kilometers). As in the prior year, the number of gas 
network customers was about 0.1 million. 
E.ON operates power networks in South Eastern Europe with a total system length of roughly 
163,000 kilometers (prior year: about 162,000 kilometers) and, as in the prior year, supplies 
about 5.1 million network customers. Gas networks operated by E.ON were roughly 47,000 
kilometers long (prior year: about 46,000 kilometers). As in the prior year, there were about 2.7 
million gas network customers.  
Distributed Power and Gas Volume  
Distributed power volume of 292.0 billion kWh was slightly below the prior year (296.4 billion 
kWh). The decline was mainly due to the continuous expansion of renewable generating capacity, 
which helped increase the self-use rate, particularly among industrial and commercial (“I&C”) 
customers. In addition, Germany’s persistently weak economy dampened power demand and 
thus distributed volume. NEW Group’s deconsolidation contributed to the decline as well. 
Distributed gas volume (199.3 billion kWh) rose moderately in 2025 (prior year: 195.9 billion 
kWh). Lower and more stable gas prices had a positive effect on distributed volume, while colder 
temperatures than in the prior year led to higher demand, particularly in Hungary.
 
 
  
Distributed Volume1                       
  Germany   Sweden   Central Eastern Europe   South Eastern Europe   Total  
Billion kWh  2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024  
Fourth quarter                               
Power  58.0   60.1   9.2   9.2   5.3   5.3   7.5   7.5   80.0   82.1  
Network loss, station use, etc.  2.0   1.9   0.3   0.3   0.2   0.2   0.5   0.5   3.0   2.9  
Gas  48.8   51.1   0.0   0.0   1.0   1.1   13.7   14.3   63.5   66.5  
Full year                               
Power  210.8   214.6   32.7   33.3   20.1   19.9   28.4   28.6   292.0   296.4  
Network loss, station use, etc.  7.3   7.1   1.1   1.1   0.9   0.9   1.7   1.7   11.0   10.8  
Gas  156.6   155.6   0.0   0.0   3.1   2.8   39.6   37.5   199.3   195.9  
1We report distributed power volume without network losses since the start of 2025 and adjusted the prior-year figures accordingly. Network losses for distributed gas volume are negligible; the prior-year figures therefore required no adjustment.  

[page 41]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 41 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Energy Networks‘ Earnings and Financial Situation  
Investments 
Energy Networks’ earnings performance in the year under review reflects consistently high 
investments in the energy transition. Investments rose by €1.2 billion in 2025 to €7.0 billion 
(prior year: €5.8 billion). In all regions they went primarily toward n ew connections and network 
expansion in conjunction with the energy transition. Investments thus surpassed our forecast 
figure of roughly €6.9 billion. Higher investments generally included the expansion, 
modernization, and digitization of network infrastructure. The installation of digital local network 
stations is one example of the digitalization measures we conducted in 2025. These stations can 
better monitor and balance out fluctuations in load and feed-in, thereby increasing operating 
efficiency and network stability. Investments further grew our regulated asset base as well. 
External Sales 
Energy Networks’ external sales rose by €2.6 billion year-over-year to €23.2 billion (prior year: 
€20.7 billion). Germany was the main contributor to this increase due to the expansion of our 
regulated asset base and the regulatory recognition of inflation from previous years. In addition, 
the increase in sales resulted in part from positive tariff adjustments and higher catch-up effects 
in nearly all markets outside Germany. 
Adjusted EBITDA 
Against this backdrop, Energy Networks’ adjusted EBITDA increased by €827 million to €7,695 
million (prior year: €6,868 million). Slightly better -than-planned distributed volume in Germany 
served to increase earnings, while the volume-related effects that had adversely affected prior-
year earnings did not recur in the year under review. In addition, higher regulatory depreciation 
resulting from the application of the KANU 2.0 ruling led to higher earnings (the Federal Network 
Agency decided to adjust the imputed useful lives and depreciation modalities of natural gas 
pipelines). The aforementioned investment growth was accompanied by higher operating 
expenses, resulting in particular from the addition of human resources and the associated rise in 
personnel expenses along with higher expenditures for digitalization measures, which had a 
negative impact on earnings. Earnings were also reduced by NEW Group’s deconsolidation and 
the non-recurrence of a positive one-off effect recorded in the prior year in connection with the 
sale of equity interests. 
Tariff adjustments in particular contributed to higher earnings in Sweden. A weather-driven 
increase in distributed gas volume along with catch-up effects for costs incurred in prior years for 
network losses (particularly in Hungary) had a positive impact on the Central Eastern Europe and 
the South Eastern Europe segments. 
Energy Networks’ adjusted EBITDA in fiscal year 2025 slightly surpassed our forecast of €7.4 to 
€7.6 billion.  
Operating Cashflow before Interests and Taxes 
Energy Networks’ operating cash flow before interest and taxes mainly tracked its adjusted 
EBITDA performance, particularly in Germany, Central Eastern Europe, and South Eastern Europe, 
although working capital items in Germany had a slightly countervailing effect.
Energy Networks                             
  Germany   Sweden   Central Eastern Europe   South Eastern Europe   Consolidation   Total  
€ in millions  2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024  
Fourth quarter                                     
External sales  5,454   4,807   355   318   219   355   511   493   –    –    6,539   5,973  
Adjusted EBITDA  1,436   1,544   207   191   181   168   244   179   -1   -1   2,067   2,081  
Operating cash flow before interest and 
taxes  2,030   1,331   309   303   350   179   278   140   –    -1   2,967   1,952  
Investments  2,281   1,755   195   168   229   177   204   165   2   1   2,911   2,266  
Full year                                     
External sales  19,391   16,905   1,302   1,179   846   970   1,706   1,637   –    –    23,245   20,691  
Adjusted EBITDA  5,241   5,008   799   714   748   632   907   514   –    –    7,695   6,868  
Operating cash flow before interest and 
taxes  5,471   4,717   876   737   864   597   836   329   –    -1   8,047   6,379  
Investments  5,344   4,361   588   520   505   463   586   489   –    1   7,023   5,834  

[page 42]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 42 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Energy Infrastructure Solutions  
Business Model7 
The Energy Infrastructure Solutions business division develops energy and infrastructure 
solutions for supplying heat, electricity, steam, and cooling to cities, communities, businesses, and 
industries. This business division is active along the entire value chain. It plans, builds, finances, 
and operates energy generation and management systems and also optimizes them on an 
ongoing basis.  
Energy Infrastructure Solutions’ core business is to construct, connect, and operate district 
heating and cooling networks. The aim is to ensure an efficient and climate-friendly supply. Its 
most important customers include housing companies, municipalities, real estate developers, and 
households. 
In addition, Energy Infrastructure Solutions offers solutions for supplying energy to industrial and 
commercial customers’ production processes and increasing their energy efficiency. The systems 
are digitally synchronized with these processes to ensure an optimized and reliable energy supply. 
This involves the use of advanced technologies like combined heat and power (“CHP”) plants, heat 
pumps, renewables like wind and solar systems, and battery storage— all coupled with 
comprehensive engineering services. 
Smart energy meters supplement our portfolio in the United Kingdom. They make energy 
consumption transparent and enable access to home energy management systems and other 
innovative products. Our services— which include installation, replacement, operation, and 
maintenance— help customers conserve energy and reduce costs. 
Energy Infrastructure Solutions is active in 14 European countries, principally in Germany, 
Scandinavia, and the United Kingdom. It aims to make an important contribution to lastingly 
affordable, climate-friendly, and reliable energy infrastructure solutions that sustainably support 
our growth targets. 
 
 
 
7This section is part of the Sustainability Statement. It contains disclosures to ESRS disclosure requirements ESRS 2 SBM-1 para. 40a i. 
and ii. and para. 42. 
  
  

[page 43]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 43 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Selected Highlights from Fiscal Year 2025 
• Solid growth in external sales  
External sales rose by around 5 percent year-over-year to €2,803 million owing to a slight 
increase in sales volume in Germany and the commissioning of additional assets. 
• We are the playmaker of Europe’s energy transition and promote the decarbonization of 
district heating networks  
E.ON’s flagship United Heat project aims to sustainably expand a district heating network 
across national borders (details below). 
• Strategic partnership with data center operator Cyrus One  
This partnership’s purpose is to develop and implement embedded generation solutions for 
data centers in order to overcome capacity constraints in power networks (details below). 
 
Selected Energy Infrastructure Solutions Projects 
United Heat: cross-border partnership to connect district heating networks 
E.ON is partnering with two cities— Görlitz in Germany and Zgorzelec in Poland— to propel the 
decarbonization of district heating systems across borders. The aim is to establish a sustainable 
district heating network supplied entirely by renewables. Innovative supply approaches and the 
use of local, climate-neutral technologies will enable the project to prevent up to 50,000 metric 
tons of carbon emissions annually (18,000 metric tons of which will be saved by E.ON). 
Pioneering green sports: Sparta Rotterdam 
Our Dutch subsidiary Essent and Sparta Rotterdam professional soccer club have redesigned Het 
Kasteel stadium by installing an integrated energy system consisting of a geothermal heat 
storage tank and over 1,000 solar panels. The heat storage system not only provides sustainable 
heating and cooling but also heats the grass playing surface in the winter, enabling Sparta 
Rotterdam’s stadium to be powered entirely by electricity. The project ensures a completely 
sustainable energy supply and significantly shrinks the stadium’s ecological footprint. 
Solar panels on a stadium roof 
Cyrus One: strategic partnership for smart energy supply to data centers 
We forged a strategic partnership Cyrus One, which owns, develops, and operates data centers 
worldwide. The partnership is dedicated to designing innovative embedded energy generation 
solutions for data centers and thus to overcoming capacity constraints in power networks. 
Together with Cyrus One, we are utilizing advanced technologies like the E.ON IQ Energy® Center 
and integrating sustainable approaches like recycling waste heat to provide cooling— all to 
promote energy efficiency and carbon neutrality for our customers. Alongside these services, the 
partnership includes network services and power purchase agreements. Our goal for this 
partnership is to use a scalable and resilient energy generation solution to enable growth in 
markets where network constraints would otherwise render it impossible. 
  


[page 44]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 44 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Energy Infrastructure Solutions’ Earnings and Financial Situation  
Energy Sold  
Energy sold to third parties (heat, electricity, steam, and cooling) amounted to 17.6 billion kWh in 
fiscal year 2025 (prior year: 16.8 billion kWh). The slight increase in sales volume in Germany was 
caused in particular by a rise in heat sales resulting from comparatively colder temperatures in 
2025 and by the commissioning of new assets. 
Investments 
Energy Infrastructure Solutions’ investments of €895 million were €74 million below the prior-
year figure (€969 million). The decline is mainly due to our large -scale battery storage project in 
Uskmouth in South Wales. Progress in its construction resulted in a year-over-year decrease in 
investments. In addition, projects were completed at industrial customers’ facilities in Germany in 
2025. This likewise resulted in lower investment expenditures relative to the prior year. This 
decline was partially offset by additional growth investments, primarily in Germany and the 
Netherlands. Investments were thus slightly below the forecast figure of roughly €1 billion, 
because expenditures for certain projects will not be made until 2026.  
External Sales 
Energy Infrastructure Solutions’ external sales of €2,803 million in fiscal year 2025 were €126 
million above the prior-year figure (€2,677 million). A slight increase in sales volume, the 
aforementioned commissioning of additional assets in Germany, and price adjustments in Sweden 
had a positive impact on sales compared with the prior year.  
Adjusted EBITDA 
Energy Infrastructure Solutions recorded adjusted EBITDA of €588 million in 2025, slightly more 
than in the prior year (€558 million). This increase is primarily attributable to improved asset 
availability (particularly in Scandinavia and the United Kingdom) and to weather-related volume 
effects in the heat business in Germany. The further expansion of smart energy metering 
infrastructure in the United Kingdom was another positive factor. This was offset by the loss of 
earnings streams from the sale of smaller assets, particularly in Germany. Adjusted EBITDA in 
fiscal year 2025 was therefore within the forecast range of €0.55 to €0.65 billion.  
 
Operating Cashflow before Interest and Taxes 
Energy Infrastructure Solutions’ operating cash flow before interest and taxes increased, 
reflecting its adjusted EBITDA performance and the non-recurrence of adverse one-off items 
recorded in working capital in the prior year. 
Energy Infrastructure Solutions 
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Fourth quarter       
External sales  856   852  
Adjusted EBITDA  189   212  
Operating cash flow before interest and taxes  139   208  
Investments  318   302  
Full year       
External sales  2,803   2,677  
Adjusted EBITDA  588   558  
Operating cash flow before interest and taxes  597   405  
Investments  895   969  

[page 45]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 45 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Energy Retail  
Business Model8 
Our Energy Retail business division supplies power and gas to customers in Europe. It markets 
both conventional and climate-neutral green gas. We also offer sustainable solutions that 
enhance energy efficiency, energy autonomy, and eMobility. E.ON’s wide range of offerings 
supports customers— regardless of whether they continue to prefer traditional energy service or 
take the next step toward their own generating facilities and additional flexibility options. The 
offerings encompass renewable electricity supply, climate-friendly heating solutions, eMobility as 
well as solar and flexibility solutions. 
E.ON’s activities focus on the individual needs of several customer groups: residential, small and 
medium-sized enterprises (“SME”), industrial and commercial (“I&C”), and sales partners. This 
business division is divided into the following segments: Germany, United Kingdom, Netherlands, 
and Other. The Other segment consists of regional sales activities in Sweden, Italy, Czechia, 
Hungary, Croatia, Romania, and Poland. It also includes E.ON Energy Markets GmbH, the E.ON 
Group’s central commodity procurement unit. E.ON’s objectives are to increase customer 
satisfaction, ensure energy affordability, and actively help shape Europe’s energy transition. 
We procure electricity and gas for our energy retail business primarily on the wholesale energy 
market, both on energy exchanges and bilaterally (over the counter) from energy wholesalers. 
  
 
8 This section is part of the Sustainability Statement. It contains disclosures to ESRS disclosure requirements ESRS 2 SBM -1 para. 40a 
i. and ii. and para. 42. 

[page 46]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 46 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
 Selected Highlights from Fiscal Year 2025 
• Investing in sustainable supply solutions  
Energy Retail’s investments in 2025 declined year-over-year, primarily owing to lower financial 
investments. 
• Adjusted EBITDA for 2025 inside forecast range 
As anticipated, adjusted EBITDA was slightly below the prior-year figure. This performance is 
mainly due to our business in the United Kingdom. 
 
Selected Energy Retail Projects 
E.ON and BMW Group pioneer bidirectional charging 
In 2025 E.ON and BMW Group set a new benchmark for intelligently interlinking mobility and 
energy. A commercial offering for bidirectional charging makes it possible for electric vehicles 
(“EVs”) like the BMW iX3 not only to draw power but also to selectively feed it back into the grid. 
The solution is based on jointly developed software and an innovative vehicle-to-grid tariff. The 
BMW iX3’s battery is flexibly integrated into the power grid and can be intelligently controlled. 
The service is easy for customers to use and also enables them to enjoy annual savings. 
The bidirectional charging technology is being strategically developed and will gradually be 
installed in other BMW model series. The long-term plan is to integrate the product into a holistic 
energy platform that intelligently connects charging infrastructure, solar systems, heat pumps, 
and smart home systems. 
E.ON transforms households into active market participants— and makes energy both 
manageable and profitable 
E.ON partnered with Australian startup Amber to launch a product called Next Solar Max in the 
United Kingdom. It is a dynamic electricity tariff that enables households to manage their self-
generated energy. The offer is tailored to homeowners who already have solar and battery 
systems. It enables them to view electricity prices in half-hourly intervals and make informed 
decisions about when to consume or store electricity. If prices are rising, they may also opt to sell 
electricity from their solar system or battery back to the grid. 
The Next Solar Max app automatically manages each household’s energy needs, learns from their 
habits, forecasts solar power generation, and tracks energy prices in real time. The app also 
designs personalized energy plans to optimize customers’ energy consumption in line with their 
lifestyle and energy patterns. 
Charging made easy  

[page 47]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 47 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
E.ON’s Home Comfort brings innovation to residential customers 
E.ON Home Comfort is not just an energy tariff but rather a modular service. It combines an E.ON 
electricity tariff with the E.ON Home Energy Manager to enable households to take advantage of 
their flexibility. It allows residential customers to connect a compatible wall-mounted EV charge 
box, heat pump, and solar system with a storage device. The system can analyze a household’s 
energy flows, identify optimization potential, and automatically realize it by shifting electricity use 
to times when it is advantageous for the energy system. Examples might be charging an EV at 
night, running the heat pump when the energy system is less busy (yet without lowering interior 
temperatures), and storing solar power at the ideal time— when sunlight is abundant. The E.ON 
Home app offers E.ON Home Comfort customers an uninterrupted overview and, if they wish, 
enables them to control their home energy flows themselves. Flexibility pays off, and households 
can capture savings through bonuses for energy solutions, optimized solar power self-use, and 
reduced network fees. With dynamic tariffs, the kilowatt-hour working price is directly linked to 
current movements in exchange-traded power prices. By contrast, E.ON Home Comfort 
customers may select a tariff with reliable kilowatt-hour prices and thus avoid direct exposure to 
price fluctuations on power exchanges. 
Operating KPIs 
Customer Numbers 
The fully consolidated companies in Energy Retail had a total of about 33.3 million customers, 
which was below the prior-year level (34.6 million). The biggest change was in Germany. NEW 
Group’s deconsolidation was the main factor. Our focus on a value-based approach to acquiring 
residential and SME customers led to declines as well.  
Power and Gas Sales Volume 
Power sales volume fell in fiscal year 2025 by about 32 billion kWh to 181.4 billion kWh (prior 
year: 213.3 billion kWh), gas sales volume by about 30 billion kWh to 362.3 billion kWh (prior 
year: 392.3 billion kWh). 
The main factor was a significant reduction in power and gas sales to the wholesale market due to 
our fully integrated portfolio optimization. In addition, portfolio streamlining in line with our B2B 
strategy likewise resulted in lower power and gas sales to I&C customers and sales partners. We 
also sold less to residential and SME customers in Germany, resulting in particular from NEW 
Group’s deconsolidation. Power and gas sales to residential and SME customers rose slightly in 
the Netherlands, partially driven by higher average consumption. In the case of power, this was 
attributable to ongoing electrification. 
 

[page 48]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 48 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
 
 
  
Power Sales     
  Germany   United Kingdom   The Netherlands   Other   Total  
Billion kWh  2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024  
Fourth quarter                               
Residential and SME  7.4   8.0   4.7   4.7   2.0   1.8   5.3   5.3   19.4   19.8  
I&C/Sales partners1  4.5   5.5   5.0   5.2   0.2   0.2   2.2   2.5   11.9   13.4  
Customer groups  11.9   13.5   9.7   9.9   2.2   2.0   7.5   7.8   31.3   33.2  
Wholesale market  0.8   2.6   0.6   0.7   0.2   0.3   13.0   19.9   14.6   23.5  
Total  12.7   16.1   10.3   10.6   2.4   2.3   20.5   27.7   45.9   56.7  
Full year                               
Residential and SME  28.4   30.4   17.2   17.5   6.5   6.1   18.7   18.8   70.8   72.8  
I&C/Sales partners1  19.1   22.5   19.6   21.3   0.6   0.8   8.3   9.0   47.6   53.6  
Customer groups  47.5   52.9   36.8   38.8   7.1   6.9   27.0   27.8   118.4   126.4  
Wholesale market  4.2   6.3   2.3   2.3   0.5   0.9   56.0   77.4   63.0   86.9  
Total  51.7   59.2   39.1   41.1   7.6   7.8   83.0   105.2   181.4   213.3  
1Two customer groups— “I&C” and “Sales partners”— were combined into one and the prior-year figures adjusted accordingly.          
Gas Sales     
  Germany   United Kingdom   The Netherlands   Other   Total  
Billion kWh  2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024  
Fourth quarter                               
Residential and SME  11.9   13.3   11.4   12.2   6.1   6.2   10.3   10.6   39.7   42.3  
I&C/Sales partners1  7.4   7.2   4.0   4.4   2.5   3.1   1.7   1.3   15.6   16.0  
Customer groups  19.3   20.5   15.4   16.6   8.6   9.3   12.0   11.9   55.3   58.3  
Wholesale market  0.9   1.0   0.4   0.4   0.0   0.1   66.0   49.6   67.3   51.1  
Total  20.2   21.5   15.8   17.0   8.6   9.4   78.0   61.5   122.6   109.4  
Full year                               
Residential and SME  36.5   38.4   34.0   36.2   17.0   16.6   28.6   26.4   116.1   117.6  
I&C/Sales partners1  22.7   23.8   12.7   13.5   8.2   10.5   4.4   4.0   48.0   51.8  
Customer groups  59.2   62.2   46.7   49.7   25.2   27.1   33.0   30.4   164.1   169.4  
Wholesale market  3.8   5.6   1.4   1.3   0.2   0.4   192.8   215.6   198.2   222.9  
Total  63.0   67.8   48.1   51.0   25.4   27.5   225.8   246.0   362.3   392.3  
1Two customer groups— “I&C” and “Sales partners”— were combined into one and the prior-year figures adjusted accordingly.          

[page 49]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 49 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Energy Retail’s Earnings and Finance Situation  
Investments 
Energy Retail’s investments of €480 million were €67 million below the prior-year figure (€547 
million). The decline largely reflects lower financial investments relative to the prior year coupled 
with the rescheduling of project spending in Germany and the Netherlands. Consequently, 
investments were lower than forecast (roughly €0.6 billion).  
External Sales 
Energy Retail’s external sales in 2025 declined by €4.1 billion to €52.4 billion (prior year: €56.5 
billion). This performance results primarily from our sharper focus on a value-based approach to 
acquiring residential and SME customers in Germany. Sales decreased in the United Kingdom 
driven by an anticipated decline in sales volume to I&C customers and to changes in the customer 
portfolio, which were due in part to a higher proportion of customers with fixed-price contracts. 
The decrease in sales at the Other segment was nearly offset by the settlement of derivatives 
amid price developments on commodity markets. 
Adjusted EBITDA 
Adjusted EBITDA at Energy Retail declined by €116 million to €1,697 million (prior year: €1,813 
million). This development was mainly driven by the United Kingdom and is attributable, among 
other things, to our changed customer base, which now has a higher proportion of customers 
with fixed-price contracts. These factors were partially counteracted by lower valuation 
allowances on receivables due to optimized customer management. Earnings were lower in the 
Netherlands because of the non-recurrence of earnings from the previous year. Earnings in 
Germany improved moderately year-over-year. In particular, price effects in the product portfolio 
made a positive contribution to earnings, although they were partially offset by targeted 
expenditures on digitalization and customer management. The non-recurrence of positive 
earnings streams related to energy procurement had an adverse impact as well, as did NEW 
Group’s deconsolidation. In addition, value adjustments on receivables led to a slight reduction in 
earnings. The Other segment recorded an overall improvement in operating earnings compared 
with the prior year, whereas effects from portfolio management had a negative impact on 
earnings year-over-year. Furthermore, fiscal year 2025 was influenced by positive weather 
effects in almost all countries. 
Adjusted EBITDA in fiscal year 2025 was inside the forecast range of €1.6 to €1.8 billion . 
Operating Cash Flow before Interest and Taxes  
Energy Retail’s operating cash flow before interest and taxes declined, mainly in line with its 
adjusted EBITDA performance along with adverse working capital effects. 
 
Energy Retail                             
  Germany   United Kingdom   The Netherlands   Other   Consolidation   Total  
in Mio €   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024  
4. Quartal                                     
External sales  4,581   5,875   3,877   4,340   899   888   4,388   5,863   –    –    13,745   16,966  
Adjusted EBITDA  269   112   -109   -30   97   66   27   -49   -1   –    283   99  
Operating cash flow before interest and 
taxes  18   -131   157   243   80   43   39   235   3   4   297   394  
Investments  63   40   12   3   26   41   63   73   -2   –    162   157  
1.‒4. Quartal                                     
External sales  17,934   20,023   14,524   16,476   2,765   2,759   17,182   17,245   –    –    52,405   56,503  
Adjusted EBITDA  803   751   368   552   175   192   352   318   -1   –    1,697   1,813  
Operating cash flow before interest and 
taxes  628   230   333   243   210   74   104   850   1   –    1,276   1,397  
Investments  105   123   37   10   82   129   258   285   -2   –    480   547  

[page 50]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 50 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Corporate Functions/Other 
Business Model9 
Corporate Functions’ main task is to lead the E.ON Group. This involves charting E.ON’s strategic 
course as well as managing and funding its existing business portfolio. Corporate Functions’ tasks 
in this regard include optimizing E.ON’s overall business across countries and markets from a 
financial, strategic, and risk perspective, and conducting stakeholder management. The Group-
wide E.ON Digital Technology unit, which is part of Corporate Functions/Other, is responsible for 
the Group’s digital and IT capabilities and develops digital technologies and solutions. The 
Innovation division, which is part of the Digital department, develops customer- and market-
oriented business ideas and models. E.ON Group Innovation and E.ON One develop innovative 
applications and scalable solutions. The E.ON Group’s non-strategic activities, such as the 
dismantling of nuclear power stations (which is managed by the PreussenElektra unit) and the 
generation business in Turkey are reported under Corporate Functions/Other as well. 
Corporate Functions/Other’s Earnings and Financial Situation  
External sales recorded at Corporate Functions/Other of €251 million were at the prior -year level  
(€248 million).  
Corporate Functions/Other’s adjusted EBITDA of -€131 million in the period under review 
surpassed the prior-year figure of -€190 million. The non-recurrence of expenditures for our new 
brand positioning incurred in the prior year and improved equity earnings from the generation 
business in Türkiye were the key factors. Adjusted EBITDA of -€13 1 million was therefore in line 
with the forecast figure of roughly -€0.1 billion.  
Investments at Corporate Functions/Other of €11 1 million (prior year: €1 49 million) went chiefly 
toward IT projects and equity interests. Investments thus reflected the forecast figure of roughly 
€0.1 billion.  
Operating cash flow before interest and taxes amounted to -€887  million (prior year: -€838 
million). 
 
9 This section is part of the Sustainability Statement. It contains disclosures to ESRS disclosure requirements ESRS 2 SBM -1 para. 40a i. and ii. and para. 42. 
Corporate Functions/Other 
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Fourth quarter       
External sales  50   44  
Adjusted EBITDA  -72   -30  
Operating cash flow before interest and taxes  649   594  
Investments  26   43  
Full year       
External sales  251   248  
Adjusted EBITDA  -131   -190  
Operating cash flow before interest and taxes  -887   -838  
Investments  111   149  

[page 51]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 51 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Group Information 
 
Fiscal Year 2025 Highlights 
• E.ON looks back on a successful fiscal year  
The E.ON Group’s adjusted EBITDA for fiscal year 2025 of €9,849 million was 9 percent above 
the prior-year figure. 
• Adjusted net income above prior year  
Adjusted net income for fiscal year 2025 and corresponding earnings per share (“EPS”) 
amounted to €3,022 million and €1.16, respectively.  
• Economic net debt above prior year  
Economic net debt at December 31, 2025, amounted to €43.2 billion (prior year: €41.1 billion). 
This change reflects the increase in E.ON’s net financial position resulting from higher 
investments and E.ON SE’s dividend payout.  
• Operating interest result below prior year  
In the operating interest result, the net interest expense rose from €1,140 million to €1,344 
million owing primarily to an increase in economic net debt.  
• Provisions for pensions below prior year  
Provisions for pensions declined to €4.4 billion owing to higher actuarial discount rates (prior 
year: €5.2 billion).  
• Equity ratio above prior year  
E.ON’s equity ratio at December 31, 2025, was 23 percent (prior year: 22 percent).  
 
  

[page 52]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 52 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Earnings Situation 
External Sales  
The E.ON Group’s external sales in fiscal year 2025 decreased by €1.4 billion to €78.7 billion 
(prior year: €80.1 billion). The Energy Retail  business division was the main factor in the decline, 
whereas Energy Networks’ sales increased.  
Segment Information → contains additional information about our business divisions’ sales 
performance. 
 
External Sales           
  Fourth quarter   Full year  
€ in millions  2025   2024   +/- %   2025   2024   +/- %  
Energy Networks  6,539   5,973   9   23,245   20,691   12  
Germany  5,454   4,807   13   19,391   16,905   15  
Sweden  355   318   12   1,302   1,179   10  
Central Eastern Europe  219   355   -38   846   970   -13  
South Eastern Europe  511   493   4   1,706   1,637   4  
Energy Infrastructure 
Solutions  856   852   0   2,803   2,677   5  
Energy Retail  13,745   16,966   -19   52,405   56,503   -7  
Germany  4,581   5,875   -22   17,934   20,023   -10  
United Kingdom  3,877   4,340   -11   14,524   16,476   -12  
The Netherlands  899   888   1   2,765   2,759   0  
Other  4,388   5,863   -25   17,182   17,245   0  
Corporate 
Functions/Other  50   44   14   251   248   1  
E.ON Group  21,190   23,835   -11   78,704   80,119   -2  
 
  

[page 53]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 53 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Adjusted EBITDA 
The E.ON Group’s adjusted EBITDA in fiscal year 2025 increased by €800 million to €9,849 
million (prior year: €9,049 million). Energy Networks was the main contributor to this 
performance. Adjusted EBITDA at Energy Retail was lower. 
Segment Information → contains additional information about our business divisions’ adjusted 
EBITDA performance. 
E.ON generates a large portion of its adjusted EBITDA in very stable businesses. Regulated, quasi-
regulated, and long-term contracted businesses accounted for the overwhelming proportion of 
E.ON’s adjusted EBITDA in 2025.  
 
E.ON’s regulated business consists, among other things, of operations in which revenues are 
largely set by law and based on approved costs. The earnings on these revenues are therefore 
extremely stable and predictable. E.ON’s quasi-regulated and long-term contracted business 
consists of operations in which earnings have a high degree of predictability because key 
determinants (price and/or volume) are largely set for the medium to long term. Examples include 
the operation of industrial customer solutions with long-term supply agreements and the 
operation of heating networks.  
Merchant activities are all those that cannot be subsumed under either of the other two 
categories. 
Adjusted EBITDA              
  Fourth quarter   Full year  
€ in millions  2025   2024   +/- %   2025   2024   +/- %  
Energy Networks  2,067   2,081   -1   7,695   6,868   12  
Germany  1,436   1,544   -7   5,241   5,008   5  
Sweden  207   191   8   799   714   12  
Central Eastern Europe  181   168   8   748   632   18  
South Eastern Europe  244   179   36   907   514   76  
Consolidation  -1   -1   –    –    –    –   
Energy Infrastructure 
Solutions  189   212   -11   588   558   5  
Energy Retail  283   99   186   1,697   1,813   -6  
Germany  269   112   140   803   751   7  
United Kingdom  -109   -30   -263   368   552   -33  
The Netherlands  97   66   47   175   192   -9  
Other  27   -49   155   352   318   11  
Consolidation  -1   –    0   -1   –    0  
Corporate 
Functions/Other  -72   -26   -177   -136   -183   26  
Consolidation  0   -4   100   5   -7   171  
E.ON Group  2,467   2,362   4   9,849   9,049   9  
 
  

[page 54]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 54 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Adjusted Net Income 
Group adjusted net income amounted to €3,022 in fiscal year 2025 (prior year: €2,856 million). 
This change mainly tracks the above-described performance of adjusted EBITDA. Based on E.ON 
stock outstanding, adjusted earnings per share (“EPS”) amounted to €1.16 (prior year: €1.09). 
Consequently, both Group adjusted net income (€2,850 million to €3,050 million) and EPS (€1.09 
to €1.17) were at the upper end of the forecast range.  
Operating depreciation charges rose year-over-year, from €3,287 million to €3,622 million. This 
is mainly attributable to an increase in operating depreciation charges on fixed assets resulting 
from additional investments in the network business. Depreciation charges on intangible assets 
due to increased capitalization of software amid the S4 transformation constituted another 
factor. 
In the operating interest result, the net interest expense rose from €1,140 million to €1,344 
million owing to an increase in economic net debt and to the refinancing of maturing bonds at 
higher interest rates. The increase in net debt mainly reflects higher investments and E.ON SE’s 
dividend payout. 
The operating tax expense on continuing operations in the year under review was calculated 
using a sustainable operating tax rate of 25 percent (prior year: 25 percent). This is based on long-
term corporate planning and reflects the anticipated long-term development of the tax expense 
on operating income. The operating tax expense increased from €1,156 million to €1,221 million 
owing to higher pretax earnings. 
Non-controlling interests’ share of operating earnings increased from €610 million to €640 
million, mainly because of higher operating earnings at some minority-owned companies, 
particularly at Energy Networks’ South Eastern Europe segment. 
Adjusted Net Income        
  Fourth quarter   Full year  
€ in millions  2025   2024   +/- %   2025   2024   +/- %  
Adjusted EBITDA  2,467   2,362   4   9,849   9,049   9  
Operating depreciation  -987   -966   -2   -3,622   -3,287   -10  
Adjusted EBIT  1,480   1,396   6   6,227   5,762   8  
Operating interest 
earnings  -319   -299   -7   -1,344   -1,140   -18  
Taxes on operating 
earnings  -291   -262   -11   -1,221   -1,156   -6  
Operating earnings 
attributable to non-
controlling interests  -146   -184   21   -640   -610   -5  
Adjusted net income  724   651   11   3,022   2,856   6  
Adjusted net income per 
share  0.28   0.25   12   1.16   1.09   6  
 
  

[page 55]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 55 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Reconciliation to Adjusted Earnings Metrics  
In accordance with IFRS, earnings for fiscal year 2025 also include earnings components that are 
not directly related to E.ON Group’s ordinary business activities or that are non-recurring or rare 
in nature. These non-operating items are considered separately in internal management control. 
Net book losses of -€359 million (prior year: -€15 million) resulted mainly from NEW Group’s 
deconsolidation. The sale and deconsolidation of two equity investments at Energy Networks and 
mergers of equity interests at Energy Infrastructure Solutions and Energy Retail had a 
countervailing effect. 
Earnings from the fair-value measurement of derivative financial instruments deteriorated by 
€5,256 million year -over-year to -€890 million. This negative effect resulted mainly from the 
measurement of higher fair values in conjunction with commodity derivatives. In addition, the 
decline in commodity prices since the start of 2025 had an adverse impact on fair values relative 
to the prior year. 
Non-Operating Adjustments     
  Fourth quarter   Full year  
€ in millions   2025   2024   2025   2024  
Net book gains (+)/losses (-)  36   3   -359   -15  
Restructuring expenses  -3   -14   -18   -20  
Effects from derivative financial instruments  128   1,932   -890   4,366  
Carryforward of hidden reserves (+) and liabilities (-) 
from the innogy transaction  -23   -14   -36   -56  
Other non-operating earnings  -29   25   -319   -509  
Non-operating adjustments of EBITDA  109   1,932   -1,622   3,766  
Depreciation of hidden reserves (-) and liabilities (+) from 
the innogy transaction  -78   -95   -351   -413  
Other non-operating impairments/reversals  -98   -81   -191   -782  
Non-operating interest expense (-)/income (+)  99   55   289   139  
Non-operating taxes  67   -151   493   -614  
Non-operating adjustments of net income/loss  99   1,660   -1,382   2,096  
 
Other non-operating expense/income consists mainly of certain expenditures in conjunction with 
the application of IAS 29 on ownership interests in Türkiye that are accounted for using the equity 
method, PreussenElektra’s earnings contribution, and positive currency-translation effects. 
In addition, the non-operating components of EBITDA still include expenditures for the 
carryforward of hidden reserves and liabilities from the innogy transaction. Fiscal year 2025 
included depreciation charges in connection with the purchase-price allocation for innogy. These 
charges are reported separately.  
The decline in non-operating depreciation charges from €782 million to €191 million resulted 
chiefly from the non-recurrence of an impairment charge recorded at Energy Infrastructure 
Solutions in the prior year. Non-operating depreciation charges in the year under review consist 
mainly of depreciation charges on financial assets, overhead rights, as well as buildings and 
technical facilities. 
Non-operating interest expense/income improved by €150 million year -over-year to income of 
€289 million. Another increase in the actuarial discount rate led to income on the discounting of 
non-current provisions for asset-retirement obligations and provisions for mining damage. The 
positive effect of €142 million from the difference between the nominal interest rate and the 
effective interest rate of former innogy bonds adjusted due to the purchase-price allocation is still 
recorded under non-operating interest expense/income (prior year: €147 million).  
The non-operating tax result in the period under review includes tax income from negative effects 
in conjunction with derivative financial instruments, changes in the recognition approach for 
deferred tax assets, and revaluation effects on deferred taxes due to a reduction in Germany’s 
corporate tax rate. In particular, positive effects from the fair-value measurement of derivatives 
led on balance to tax expenses in the prior year. Tax income for prior years from a redress 
procedure and changes in the value of deferred taxes had an offsetting effect. 
 
  

[page 56]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 56 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Reconciliation to Adjusted EBITDA           
  Fourth quarter   Full year  
€ in millions  2025   2024   +/- %   2025   2024   +/- %  
Adjusted EBITDA  2,467   2,362   4   9,849   9,049   9  
Non-operating 
adjustments of EBITDA  109   1,932   -94   -1,622   3,766   -143  
Income/loss from 
continuing operations 
before depreciation, 
interest result and income 
taxes  2,576   4,294   -40   8,227   12,815   -36  
Scheduled 
depreciation/impairments 
and 
amortization/reversals  -1,163   -1,144   -2   -4,165   -4,483   7  
Income/loss from 
continuing operations 
before interest results 
and income taxes  1,413   3,150   -55   4,062   8,332   -51  
 
Besides the above-described effects in the reconciliation to adjusted EBITDA, the reconciliation to 
Group adjusted net income includes the following line items: 
Reconciliation of Adjusted Net Income        
  Fourth quarter   Full year  
€ in millions  2025   2024   +/- %   2025   2024   +/- %  
Adjusted net income  724   651   11   3,022   2,856   6  
Operating earnings 
attributable to non-
controlling interests  146   184   -21   640   610   5  
Non-operating 
adjustments of net 
income  99   1,660   -94   -1,382   2,096   -166  
Income from continuing 
operations  969   2,495   -61   2,280   5,562   -59  
Income/loss from 
discontinued operations, 
net  –    –    –    –    –    –   
Net income  969   2,495   -61   2,280   5,562   -59  
 
Non-controlling interests’ share of operating earnings rose mainly because of higher operating 
earnings at some minority-owned companies.  
Group net income and corresponding earnings per share in the year under review amounted to 
€2,280 million and €0.66, respectively. Prior -year Group net income and earnings per share were 
€5,563 million and €1.73, respectively. This decline is mainly attributable to the change in the 
non-operating components of Group net income and results primarily from the recording of high 
negative fair values in connection with the fair-value measurement of commodity derivatives in 
the prior year (-€2.8 billion) and from  changes in fair value due to market price fluctuations (-€2.4 
billion). 
Other Line Items from the Consolidated Statement of Income 
Own work capitalized of €1,739 million was 9 percent above the prior -year figure (€1,596 
million). It consisted predominantly of network investments along with ongoing and completed IT 
projects.  
Other operating income totaled €8,912 million in fiscal year 2025 (prior year: €11,739 million). 
By itself, income from derivative financial instruments declined by €3,175 million year -over-year 
to €7,020 million, principally because of price developments on commodity markets d uring the 
year. Income from currency-translation effects (€721 million) was €204 million above the prior -
year figure (€517 million). Corresponding amounts resulting from currency -translation effects 
and derivative financial instruments are recorded under other operating expenses. Income from 
asset disposals and securities amounted to €204 million (prior year: €129 million).  
Costs of materials of €58,962 million were at the prior -year level (€58,990 million). The decline 
in costs of materials, which resulted mainly from negative quantity effects and declining market 
prices, was offset by the settlement of forward procurement contracts. Countervailing effects 
from the fair-value measurement of commodity derivatives are recorded under other operating 
income. Furthermore, costs of materials include a change in provisions for pending transactions. 
The decline in their fair value led almost to a complete reversal of these provisions.  
Personnel costs of €7,267 million were €733 million above the prior -year figure (€6,534 million). 
This change is mainly attributable to the fact that the number of employees increase by 1,704 
full-time equivalents (“FTEs”) during the year and to pay increases under collective bargaining 
agreements.  
Depreciation charges declined year-over-year from €4,401 million to €4,068 million. This is 
mainly attributable to an impairment charge on goodwill recorded at Energy Infrastructure 
Solutions in the prior year. This was partially offset by higher depreciation charges on property, 
plant, and equipment resulting from additional investments in the network business. 

[page 57]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 57 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Other operating expenses of €15,466 million were €82 million above the prior -year level 
(€15,384 million) because expenditures relating to the disposal of assets and securities rose by 
€400 million to €555 million. Expenditures for third -party services, cost allocations, and IT 
increased as well. By contrast, expenditures relating to derivative financial instruments (including 
currency-translation effects) declined by €427 million to 9,433 million. Expenditures relating to 
currency-translation effects decreased by €461 million to €289 million.  
Income from companies accounted for under the equity method of €350 million was significantly 
above the prior-year level (€258 million). The increase results mainly from lower impairment 
charges (due a reduction in indexing effects from the application of IAS 29) on shareholdings in 
Türkiye. This was partially offset by lower equity earnings from the network business in Germany. 
Income taxes amounted to a tax expense of €726 million in 2025 (prior year: tax expense of 
€1,769 million). In the year under review, this expense includes tax expenses on operating 
earnings, tax income resulting from the measurement of derivatives, as well as changes in the 
value of, and revaluation effects relating to, deferred taxes. Prior-year taxes included tax 
expenses on operating profit and the fair-value measurement of derivatives. Tax income from a 
redress procedure and a reversal of deferred tax assets had an offsetting effect. 
Managing Value  
Return on capital employed (“ROCE”) is a key performance indicator for assessing the efficiency of 
capital utilization (in line with our management system). ROCE is a pretax return on capital and is 
equal to adjusted EBITDA divided by average capital employed. Annual average capital employed 
represents the interest-bearing capital invested in our operating business. It is calculated by 
subtracting non-interest-bearing available capital from non-current and current operating assets. 
Depreciable non-current assets are included at their book value. Goodwill from acquisitions is 
included at acquisition cost, as long as this reflects its fair value. Average capital employed is 
generally calculated as the average of the figures at the beginning and end of the year. The aim is 
to better reflect fluctuations in capital employed during the year. 
ROCE Performance in Fiscal Year 2025  
ROCE improved slightly, from 8.8 percent in the prior year to 8.9 percent in 2025. The slight 
increase in adjusted EBITDA sent ROCE higher as well. An investment-driven increase in capital 
employed was the main adverse factor. Average capital employed rose from €65.2 billion in fiscal 
year 2024 to €69.6 billion in fiscal year 2025.  
Return on Capital Employed (“ROCE”)  
  December 31,  
€ in millions  2025   2024  
Property, plant, and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets and 
goodwill1  70,515   67,496  
Shares in affiliated and associated companies and other share investments  10,164   9,863  
Non-current assets  80,678   77,358  
Inventories  1,457   1,243  
Other non-interest-bearing assets/liabilities including deferred income2  -7,082   -7,600  
Current assets  -5,625   -6,357  
Non-interest-bearing provisions3  -3,371   -3,458  
Capital Employed  71,682   67,543  
Annual average capital employed4  69,613   65,248  
Adjusted EBIT5  6,227   5,762  
ROCE6  8.9   8.8  
       
1Depreciable non-current assets are included at their book value. Goodwill from acquisitions is included at acquisition cost, as long as this reflects 
its fair value. 
2This figure includes essentially operating receivables, trade receivables, and other operating assets of €18,579 million (pri or year: €19,371 
million) less receivables from derivative financial instruments of €2,374 million (prior year: €4,275 million). It  also includes operating liabilities, 
trade payables, and other operating liabilities amounting to €26,701 million (prior year: €26,857 million less liabilities fr om derivative financial 
instruments of €3,403 million (prior year: €4,069 million).  
3This figure mainly includes essentially current other provisions of €4,040 million (prior year: €4,292 million) less asset -retirement obligations 
relating to nuclear power of €638 million (prior year: €684 million) as well as other taxes and contingent los ses from pending transactions 
amounting to €31 million (prior year: €151 million).  
4Weighted capital employed is the arithmetical average of capital employed at the beginning and the end of the year. 
5Adjusted for non-operating effects. 
6ROCE = adjusted EBIT divided by average capital employed. 

[page 58]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 58 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Financial Situation 
Finance Strategy 
With its target capital structure E.ON aims to sustainably secure a strong BBB/Baa rating.  
E.ON manages its capital structure using debt factor, which is equal to economic net debt divided 
by adjusted EBITDA; it is therefore a dynamic debt metric. Economic net debt includes not only 
financial liabilities but also provisions for pensions and asset-retirement obligations.  
Pursuant to IFRS valuation standards, innogy’s financial liabilities at the time of initial 
consolidation were recorded at their fair value. This fair value is significantly higher than the 
original nominal value because interest-rate levels have declined since innogy’s bonds were 
issued. The purchase-price allocation yielded a difference between the nominal value and the fair 
value, which results in additional liabilities of €1.2 billion at December 31, 2025 (at December 31, 
2024: €1.4 billion). This amoun t will be recorded in financial earnings as a reduction in 
expenditures and spread out over the maturity period of the respective bonds (see Note 9 → to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements). These balance-sheet and earnings effects do not alter the 
interest and principal payments. To manage economic net debt, E.ON continues to use the 
nominal amount of financial liabilities, which deviates from the figure shown in its balance sheets.  
E.ON aims for a debt factor of up to 5.0. Debt factor at year-end 2025 of 4.4 (prior year: 4.5) was 
comfortably inside the target range of up to 5.0. 
Economic Net Debt 
Economic net debt increased by €2.1 billion relative to year -end 2024 (€41.1 billion) to €43.2 
billion at year-end 2025.  
This resulted in particular from the €3.3 billion increase in E.ON’s net financial position to €32.5 
billion (prior year: €29.2 billion). This increase is mainly attributable to higher investments and 
E.ON SE’s dividend payment. The change is likewise reflected in the €2.9 billion decline in liquid 
funds. E.ON issued bonds totaling about €3.2 billion in 2025 and redeemed bonds totaling about 
€2.4 billion.  
A €0.8 billion reduction in provisions for pensions was a countervailing factor. It was caused by 
increased actuarial discount rates (see Note 24 → to the Consolidated Financial Statements) and a 
decline in asset-retirement obligations (see Note 25 → to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 
Economic Net Debt  
  December 31,  
€ in millions  2025   2024  
Liquid funds  4,352   7,280  
Non-current securities  586   869  
Financial liabilities1  -37,295   -37,677  
FX hedging adjustment  -110   316  
Net financial position  -32,467   -29,212  
Provisions for pensions  -4,408   -5,181  
Asset retirement obligations  -6,361   -6,674  
Economic net debt  -43,236   -41,067  
       
1Bonds previously issued by innogy are recorded at their nominal value. The figure shown in the Consolidated Balance Sheets is €1.2 billion 
higher (year-end 2024: €1.4 billion higher).   
 
Funding Policy and Initiatives 
The key objective of E.ON’s funding policy is for the Company to have access to a variety of 
funding sources at all times. E.ON achieves this objective by using different markets and debt 
instruments to maximize the diversity of its investor base. E.ON issues bonds with tenors that 
give its debt portfolio a balanced maturity profile. Moreover, large-volume euro-denominated 
benchmark issues may in some cases be combined with bonds denominated in foreign currencies, 
smaller euro-denominated issues, private placements, and/or Schuldscheine. From 2019 onward 
E.ON has issued green bonds and has since established them in its funding mix. E.ON continues to 
intend to cover more than 50 percent of its annual long-term funding requirements with green 
financing instruments. 
In November 2025 E.ON published a new Green Financing Framework under which it can issue 
green financing instruments. The framework, which is aligned with the International Capital 
Market Association’s (“ICMA”) Green Bond Principles, focuses on E.ON’s electricity distribution 
networks and covers taxonomy-aligned economic activities in Germany, Sweden, Czechia, and 
Poland. Moody’s rating agency published a second-party opinion (“SPO”) on the new framework’s 
sustainability characteristics and awarded it the Sustainability Quality Score “SQS1 Excellent,” its 
highest possible score. Moody’s score also affirms that the economic activities financed under the 
framework are fully aligned with the EU taxonomy. E.ON publishes an annual Green Financing 
Report ↗ on its website to describe its use of funds and, to the degree possible, the impact 

[page 59]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 59 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
achieved. The investors channel at eon.com↗ provides additional information on E.ON’s 
sustainable financing strategy. 
External funding is generally carried out by both E.ON SE and its Dutch finance subsidiary, E.ON 
International Finance B.V. (“EIF“), under guarantee of E.ON SE. The funds are subsequently on-
lent in the Group. In fiscal year 2025 E.ON fully redeemed bonds totaling €2.4 billion. E.ON issued 
new debt totaling roughly €3.2 billion, of which about €2.3 billion consisted of green bonds.  
Financial Liabilities  
     December 31  
€ in billions   2025   2024  
Bonds1  31.4   30.9  
EUR  23.8   23.2  
GBP  5.6   5.9  
USD  0.7   0.8  
JPY  0.4   0.4  
Other currencies  0.8   0.7  
Promissory notes  0.1   –   
Commercial paper  0.1   0.2  
Other liabilities  5.8   6.3  
Total  37.4   37.4  
1Includes private placements (after currency hedging).        
 
With the exception of a USD-denominated bond issued in 2008 and an AUD-denominated bond 
issued in 2025, all of E.ON SE and EIF’s currently outstanding bonds were issued under a Debt 
Issuance Program (“DIP“). Similarly, innogy and innogy Finance B.V. bonds were formerly issued 
under the former innogy Group’s DIP. A DIP simplifies a company’s ability to issue debt to 
investors in public and private placements in flexible time frames. E.ON SE’s DIP was last 
renewed in March 2025 with a total volume of €35 billion, of which about € 24.3 billion was 
utilized at year-end 2025. E.ON SE intends to renew the DIP in 2026.  
Alongside the DIP, in March 2025 E.ON SE published an Australian Medium-Term Notes 
(“AMTN”) program, under which it can issue bonds denominated in Australian dollars (“AUD”) to 
investors on Australia’s capital market. An AUD-denominated bond amounting to roughly €0.3 
billion issued under the program was outstanding at year- end 2025. 
In addition to these bond programs, E.ON has a €10 billion Commercial Paper (“CP“) program and 
a USD 10 billion CP program, under which it can issue short-term notes. €0.1 billion of CP was 
outstanding at year-end 2025 (prior year: €0.2 billion).  
E.ON also has access to a €4.7 billion syndicated credit facility, which was concluded in May 
2025. It has a five-year term and includes two options to extend the facility, in each case for one 
year. In addition, the amount of the facility can be increased by up to €1 billion during its term. 
The facility serves as a reliable, ongoing general liquidity reserve for the E.ON Group and can be 
drawn on as needed. The credit facility is made available by 21 banks which constitute E.ON’s 
core group of banks. There were also bilateral credit facilities in the amount of €1.0 billion at the 
balance-sheet date (prior year: €1.0 billion) whose original terms were up 1.5 years.  

[page 60]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 60 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Alongside financial liabilities, E.ON has, in the course of its business operations, entered into 
contingent liabilities and other financial obligations. These include, in particular, guarantees, 
obligations from legal disputes and damage claims, as well as short-term and long-term 
contractual, legal, and other obligations. Notes 26 →, 27 →, and 31 → to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements contain more information about E.ON’s bonds as well as liabilities, 
contingent liabilities, and other commitments.  
E.ON’s creditworthiness has been assessed by S&P, Moody’s, and Fitch with long-term ratings of 
BBB+, Baa2, and BBB+, respectively. All ratings have a stable outlook. The ratings are based on 
the assumption that E.ON will be able to maintain a debt ratio commensurate with them. E.ON’s 
short-term ratings are A-2 (S&P), P-2 (Moody’s), and F1 (Fitch). 
E.ON SE Ratings  
  S&P   Moodys'   Fitch  
Long term  BBB+   Baa2   BBB+  
Outlook  Stable   Stable   Stable  
Bonds  BBB+   Baa2   A-  
Short term  A-2   P-2   F-1  
 
E.ON will continue to strive to earn the trust of rating agencies, investors, and banks at all times 
by means of a clear strategy and transparent communications. Alongside ongoing dialog with 
capital market investors (at roadshows, for example) and rating analysts, E.ON organizes events 
that include an annual informational meeting for its core group of banks. 
Bond Maturities 
Investments 
The E.ON Group’s cash-effective investments of €8.5 billion in fiscal year 2025 were significantly 
above the prior-year figure (€7.5 billion). Investments in property, plant, and equipment and 
intangible assets amounted to €7.9 billion (prior year: €7.0 billion). Share investments totaled 
€569 million versus €528 million in the prior year.  
Cash-effective investments of €8.5 billion thus were slightly below the forecast target of roughly 
€8.6 billion.  
Segment Information → contains additional information about our business divisions’ investments 

[page 61]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 61 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Cash Flow 
Cash Flow  
€ in millions  2025   2024  
Operating cash flow before interest and taxes  9,033   7,343  
Interest payments  -1,202   -928  
Tax payments  -828   -742  
Operating cash flow  7,003   5,673  
Cash provided by (used for) investing activities  -7,296   -6,626  
Cash provided by (used for) financing activities  -2,279   1,106  
 
Cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations before interest and taxes of  
€9.0 billion was € 1.7 billion above the prior-year figure (€7.3 billion).  
Operating cash flow from continuing operations also reflected higher interest and tax payments. 
The higher tax payments were mainly due to one-off effects resulting from tax refunds in fiscal 
year 2024 that did not recur in 2025 along with improved earnings. The increase in interest 
payments is attributable to higher economic net debt and the refinancing of maturing bonds at 
higher interest rates. 
Segment Information → contains additional information about our business divisions’ operating 
cash flow before interest and taxes. 
Cash provided by investing activities of continuing operations of -€7.3 billion was €0.7 billion 
below the prior-year figure of -€6.6 billion. It includes cash -effective investments of €8.5 billion 
(prior year: €7.5 billion). This change is primarily due t he fact that investments in property, plant, 
and equipment and intangible assets increased according to plan and went principally toward our 
network business in Germany. Expenditures relating to collateral arrangements constituted 
another factor. Net cash inflow and outflow from securities and initial margins represented the 
main countervailing effect. 
Cash provided by financing activities of continuing operations of -€2.3 billion was about  
-€3.4 billion below the prior -year figure of -€1.1 billion. The change mainly reflects the net of the 
issuance and repayment of bonds. E.ON issued fewer bonds in the year under review than in the 
prior year because in the prior year it had already begun to secure its financing needs for 2025 as 
well. In addition, the net of cash inflow and outflow relating to variation margins in the year under 
review led cash provided by financing activities to decline year-over-year. 
Cash-Conversion Rate 
Cash-conversion rate (“CCR“) indicates how much of the E.ON Group’s earnings are transformed 
into cash flow. Adjusted CCR is equal to operating cash flow before interest and taxes— excluding 
cash flow relating to nuclear power, such as nuclear power plant dismantling activities  
(2024: -€844 million; 2025: - €861 million) — divided by adjusted EBITDA. E.ON’s CCR in 2025 
was 100 percent (prior year: 90 percent).

[page 62]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 62 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Asset Situation 
Total assets and liabilities of €110.7 billion were about €0.7 billion, or 1 percent, below the figure 
at year-end 2024. Non-current assets rose by €3.1 billion to €88.4 billion. This is mainly 
attributable to an increase in investments in property, plant, and equipment as well as to 
operating receivables and intangible assets. A reduction in receivables on derivative financial 
instruments was a countervailing factor. This reflects, in particular, the development of 
commodity derivatives. In addition, deferred tax assets rose owing to the development of 
derivatives.  
Current assets decreased by 14 percent, from €26.1 billion to €22.3 billion. This is likewise 
mainly attributable to the decline in receivables on derivative financial instruments due to lower 
commodity prices and to a reduction in liquid funds. This was partially counteracted by an 
increase in trade receivables. 
Equity attributable to E.ON SE shareholders was about €19.2 billion at December 31, 2025 (prior 
year: roughly €17.8 billion). Equity attributable to non -controlling interests was roughly  
€6.6 billion (prior year: roughly €6.3 billion). The equity ratio (including non -controlling interests) 
at December 31, 2025, was about 23 percent and thus increased by about 1 percentage point 
relative to year-end 2024. The increase in equity primarily reflects the positive development of 
retained earnings. In addition, other income increased owing to currency effects. 
Non-current liabilities declined by €0.5 billion, or 1 percent, chiefly because of revaluation effects 
resulting from higher actuarial discount rates for provisions for pensions and similar obligations. 
This was partially offset by an increase in deferred taxes and construction subsidies. 
Consolidated Assets, Liabilities, and Equity   
€ in millions  
Dec. 31, 
2025   %   
Dec. 31, 
2024   %  
Non-current assets  88,407   80   85,307   77  
Current assets  22,278   20   26,054   23  
Total assets  110,685   100   111,361   100  
Equity  25,833   23   24,166   22  
Non-current liabilities  56,768   51   57,218   51  
Current liabilities  28,084   26   29,977   27  
Total equity and liabilities  110,685   100   111,361   100  
 
Current liabilities of €28.1 billion were 6 percent below the figure at year -end 2024, due 
principally to a decrease in liabilities relating to derivative financial instruments (which likewise 
reflects the development of commodity derivatives) and to a reduction in financial liabilities. 
The Notes → to the Consolidated Financial Statements contain more commentary on E.ON’s asset 
situation.

[page 63]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 63 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Our Success Factors:  
Employees, Customers, and Brand 
The past fiscal year is the first for which we report on our most important intangible resources: 
our employees, customers, and the E.ON brand. Our business model depends heavily on them, 
and they are essential for achieving E.ON’s targets.  
Highlights from 2025  
• Stable, modestly growing workforce  
The number of employees rose from 76,566 in the previous year to 78,270 in the reporting 
year.  
• Progress in the proportion of women in management positions 
The proportion of women in management positions rose from 26 percent in the previous year 
to 27 percent in the reporting year. This progress reaffirms E.ON’s commitment to further 
increasing the proportion of women in management positions.  
• Customer satisfaction is a critical success factor for E.ON  
Fueled by our ambition of making energy a positive experience for customers, we offer 
innovative energy solutions and first-class services. Trust and loyalty are therefore critical to 
us. We continually measure customers’ satisfaction by means of Net Promoter Score (“NPS”). 
Strategic NPS (“sNPS”), which measures customer satisfaction in comparison with our 
competitors, was 87 percent Group-wide in fiscal year 2025 and thus at the prior-year level.  
  

[page 64]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 64 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Employees 
Our 78,270 employees are a key asset for E.ON and are crucial for the Group’s sustainable value 
creation. Their professional expertise, dedication, and ability to actively shape change are 
essential for aspects like the quality of our services, the satisfaction of our customers, and the 
long-term competitiveness of our business model. We intend to enhance this vital asset in 
specific ways by creating attractive and dependable working conditions, promoting continuous 
training and development, and investing in a modern, healthy, and productive work environment.  
We systematically monitor and evaluate the impact of these measures by means of various tools, 
including Group-wide occupational safety indicators (which are part of our management control 
system and compensation system) and YourVoice@E.ON (an employee survey and engagement 
tool we use on a regular basis). The resulting insights enable us to continually improve working 
conditions, leadership, and teamwork and to sustainably enhance employee retention and 
motivation. In addition, our employees’ knowledge, experience, and relationships serve as links to 
other intangible resources, such as customer relationships and the E.ON brand. Thus, their 
performance and development have a direct impact on E.ON’s business success and future 
viability.  
Strategic Personnel Development and HR Initiatives to Help Realize 
E.ON’s Playmaker Ambition 
E.ON’s strategic ambition to be a playmaker that actively shapes Europe’s energy transition was a 
key factor in our HR work in 2025. Our goal is to attract, develop, and retain employees. 
The E.ON People Priorities are our north star, guiding all of our HR activities. They encompass the 
following action areas: 
Employer attractiveness and employee engagement along with the goal of attracting and 
retaining employees; leadership and performance in the sense of promoting a common 
understanding of leadership; learning and career development to hone strategically necessary 
skills; digital transformation to create a modern and efficient work environment that champions 
diversity, equity, inclusion, and well-being.  
We defined Group-wide HR focus topics for fiscal year 2025 to translate the E.ON People 
Priorities into concrete actions. They included refining performance-based executive 
compensation and redesigning our global processes for identifying and nurturing talent and 
conducting efficient succession planning. Alongside these, we focused on three key initiatives: 
• Modernization of work conditions in Germany: up-to-date agreements on working hours, 
compensation, and fringe benefits are also intended to increase E.ON’s attractiveness as an 
employer and thus its competitiveness in the labor market. Flex-work arrangements, options 
for time off, and new programs like Family Start Time gear employment more closely toward 
the different phases of life and generally have a positive effect on employee engagement and 
motivation. 
• My Skill Guide competency model: our Group-wide strategic competency model is based on our 
business’s specific needs and describes employee skills that are critical to our success. My Skill 
Guide is aligned with our playmaker ambitions and uses training, mentoring, and projects to 
support our employees and managers in developing, honing, and utilizing the skills defined in 
their individual development plans. 

[page 65]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 65 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
• Delphi HR digitalization project: the introduction of a new Group-wide HR IT platform propels 
our HR transformation. The resulting increase in standardization, automation, and simplification 
is intended to create a consistent employee experience. Another aim is to reduce HR 
administrative work in order to free up time for personal support and strategic HR work that 
directly contributes to E.ON’s success. 
Alongside these focus topics, initiatives from core processes will enable our HR function to make 
an important contribution to achieving our playmaker ambition. It will work to promote diversity, 
equity, inclusion, and well-being through a variety of initiatives and networks. For example, our 
Female Mentoring program provides targeted support to female talent as they progress to 
leadership roles. The Women@E.ON network, which aims to enhance women’s visibility and 
dialog opportunities, makes another direct contribution to diversity, leadership, and performance. 
Our award-winning E.ON International Graduate Program (“EIGP”) aims to develop university 
graduates into future playmakers. International assignments and targeted individual learning 
paths enable them to get to know E.ON and our business. The program operationalizes topics that 
are important to us, such as strategic succession planning, targeted career development, and 
lifelong learning. 
Regular feedback also helps us learn and develop. We use YourVoice@E.ON, which enables us to 
gather continual feedback in real time, to measure and understand the impact and sustainability 
of our measures. This is another way we strive to continuously improve the employee experience 
and further enhance our attractiveness as an employer. 
In an ever-changing world, we create the conditions for our employees to develop and grow as 
playmakers, with courage, competence, and character. E.ON thus intends to live up to its 
responsibility to actively shape a sustainable energy future— close to people, close to our 
customers. 
 
10 This section is also part of the Sustainability Statement. It contains information on the ESRS disclosure requirements ESRS 2 para 40a iii. and ESRS S1 para. 50. 
Year-over-year Change in Employee Numbers10 
The E.ON Group’s core workforce had 78,270 full-time equivalent (“FTE”) employees at year-end 
2025. This figure includes part-time employees on a proportional basis. The number of 
employees rose by 1,704 FTEs, or 2 percent, during the year. The proportion of employees 
working outside Germany (36,554 FTEs) remained at the prior-year level of 47 percent. 
Core Workforce by Business Division1 
FTE2  2025   2024  
Energy Networks  43,390   42,421  
Energy Infrastructure Solutions  5,324   7,801  
Energy Retail  23,154   20,372  
Corporate Functions/Other  6,402   5,972  
E.ON Group  78,270   76,566  
       
1Core workforce includes board members and managing directors but excludes apprentices, interns, and working students. 
2FTE (Full-Time Equivalent) is the reporting figure for employee capacity, taking into account the contractually agreed level of employment and the 
normal weekly working hours in accordance with collective agreements or company practice. A full-time employee counts as 1 FTE. 
 
The number of employees in the Energy Networks business division increased. This is mainly 
attributable to growth activities and the filling of vacancies in Germany. NEW Group’s 
deconsolidation had a countervailing effect. 
The change in the Energy Infrastructure Solutions business division was mainly due to the intra-
Group transfer of employees from the metering business to the Energy Retail –  United Kingdom 
segment. 
The number of employees at Energy Retail rose, particularly in the United Kingdom, owing to the 
aforementioned employee transfers in the metering business. This was offset slightly by NEW 
Group’s deconsolidation. 
The increase in the number of Corporate Functions/Other’s employees is mainly attributable to 
hiring in the digital area, the full consolidation of E.ON One, and the integration of smaller entities 
such as E.ON Group Innovation GmbH. The number of employees at PreussenElektra declined 
because of the dismantling of nuclear power plants. 

[page 66]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 66 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Core Workforce by Country1 
  FTE2  Headcount 
  
Dec. 31, 
2025   
Dec. 31, 
2024   
Dec. 31, 
2025   
Dec. 31, 
2024  
Germany  41,715   40,786   43,195   42,293  
United Kingdom  10,005   9,757   10,310   10,069  
Romania  7,068   6,935   7,223   7,073  
Hungary  5,956   5,996   5,979   6,019  
Czech Republic  3,542   3,402   3,572   3,426  
The Netherlands  3,490   3,368   3,790   3,718  
Sweden  2,885   2,840   2,918   2,866  
Poland  1,918   1,863   1,926   1,871  
Other  1,691   1,619   1,735   1,648  
E.ON Group  78,270   76,566   80,648   78,983  
             
1 Core workforce includes board members and managing directors but excludes apprentices, interns, and working students. 
2FTE (Full-Time Equivalent) is the reporting figure for employee capacity, taking into account the contractually agreed level of employment and the 
normal weekly working hours in accordance with collective agreements or company practice. A full-time employee counts as 1 FTE. 
 
The disclosures in Note 11 →to the Consolidated Financial Statements provide more information 
about the average number of employees in the reporting year. 
In the reporting year, E.ON hired 9,487 new employees (2024: 11,189). This reflects the 
consistent implementation of our strategy and the achievement of our growth targets. 
E.ON’s compensation structures are clear and transparent. We place great emphasis on fair 
remuneration. The compensation principles for our employees are mainly governed by collective 
bargaining agreements, which cover 81 percent of our employees. Whenever possible, E.ON 
offers permanent employment, which applies to 93 percent of employees. 
 
 
Total Workforce by Contract Type1 and Gender2   
Headcount  Total   Male   Female   Other  
Employees with permanent contracts  78,996   54,007   24,986   3  
Employees with a fixed-term contract  5,795   3,349   2,446   0  
Employees without guaranteed working hours  -   -   -   -  
E.ON Group  84,791   57,356   27,432   3  
             
1Total workforce including board members, managing directors, apprentices, interns and working students.   
2Gender according to the employees' own information.  
 
Our target is for the proportion of women in management positions to match the proportion of 
women in our overall workforce by 2031. We continued to pursue this target in 2025 and again 
succeeded in increasing the proportion of female managers, this time to 27 percent (2024: 26 
percent).  
The proportion of female employees remained constant year-over-year. Women accounted for 
32 percent of our workforce at year-end 2025. 
Employees by Gender1,2      
Headcount  2025   2024  
Male  57,356   56,169  
Female  27,432   26,735  
Other  3   3  
E.ON Group  84,791   82,907  
      
 
1Total workforce including board members, managing directors, apprentices, interns, and working students.  
2Gender according to the employees' own information.  

[page 67]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 67 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Customers 
Customers and their needs are part of our relationship capital and thus an important intangible 
resource that is fundamental to our business model. We offer customers a comprehensive 
portfolio of products for energy, energy supply, and sustainable and affordable solutions. 
Customer satisfaction and loyalty are essential to our company’s success, because a good 
customer base contributes to a high recommendation rate. We measure this rate using a key 
performance indicator (“KPI”) called Net Promoter Score (“NPS”). NPS is part of our management 
control system and is factored into executive compensation. In addition, we conduct customer 
surveys at touchpoints and use evaluation tools to better understand customer needs and 
expectations and to identify potential for improvement.  
Customer Centricity as a Success Factor 
Customer satisfaction is a key element and a decisive success factor for E.ON’s sustainable 
growth. In an increasingly digital and decarbonized energy world, our customers— from 
households and businesses to cities and government agencies— recognize the importance of not 
only consuming less energy but also generating, storing, and intelligently using their own clean 
energy. 
From a business perspective, we believe that our customers expect us to provide innovative, 
sustainable energy solutions, first-class services, and a consistently positive customer experience 
across all touchpoints. Trust and loyalty are therefore essential to us: satisfied customers remain 
loyal to us for longer, expand their business relationship with us more often by adding additional 
products and services, and are more likely to recommend us to others. 
Energy markets too are evolving rapidly amid the energy transition. They are characterized by 
keen competition, extreme innovativeness, and dynamic changes in customer needs. This places 
increasing demands on energy companies and requires us to continually re-evaluate and meet our 
customers’ expectations.  
Strategic Reorientation to Enhance Customer Satisfaction 
E.ON strategically realigned its Energy Retail business division at the beginning of 2025. The aim 
is to offer our customers a seamless, efficient, and state-of-the-art customer experience in an 
increasingly complex market environment. 
E.ON is responding to changing customer needs in particular by expanding its portfolio of 
products in strategic ways. Tariffs that enable customers to manage their assets intelligently help 
meet the increasing need for flexibility in electricity consumption. The gridX platform is E.ON’s 
proprietary solution for flexibility management. It can manage charging infrastructure, make 
dynamic tariff adjustments, and integrate decentralized assets in order to optimize and market 
flexibility. 
The realignment of Energy Retail is also founded on pooling our innovativeness with strong 
partners to create new opportunities for our customers. An initial tangible result of this strategy 
was the introduction of the first vehicle-to-grid (“V2G”) tariff in partnership with BMW. The 
Segment Information → chapter provides more information.  
E.ON’s ambition is to make energy into a customer experience that meets advanced e-commerce 
standards for convenience and simplicity. We want to set new standards for our customers in this 
space and thus lastingly strengthen their trust in the E.ON brand. For this purpose, we launched a 
cross-regional program that brings together key digital skills— like app development, customer 
value management, artificial intelligence, and data— to create a scalable platform for data-driven 
customer interaction. 
Customer satisfaction is a strategic priority not only at Energy Retail. Our Energy Networks 
business division focuses on customer needs as well. In particular, the sharp increase in 
connection requests presents our network organization with challenges relating to connection 
processes, billing, and customer service. Our network companies have already instituted many 
measures to improve customer journeys. These include deploying advanced digital solutions and 
IT systems for network connection (iConnect) and billing (SPACE) and introducing Group 
standards for connection processes and the continuous improvement of customer service. In 
addition, our regional network companies in and outside Germany took significant steps in fiscal 
year 2025 in using NPS to systematically collect customer feedback. 

[page 68]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 68 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Uniform Measurement Methodology 
We continually measure our end-customers’ satisfaction using Net Promoter Score (“NPS”). NPS, 
which indicates customers’ willingness to recommend E.ON, provides valuable insights into 
current needs and priorities. E.ON uses the standard calculation method, whereby NPS is equal to 
the percentage of promoters minus the percentage of detractors. 
E.ON collects two types of NPS: 
• Strategic NPS (“sNPS”) measures customer satisfaction, regardless of whether a customer has 
had an interaction with us. We manage sNPS using a benchmark comparison with the 
competitive environment. The annual target is derived from E.ON’s (in the Netherlands: 
Essent’s) relative starting point compared with the competition. sNPS accounts for 50 percent 
of the overall target achievement of Group-wide NPS. 
• Journey NPS (“jNPS”) assesses our customers’ satisfaction after specific interactions along the 
customer journey. The journeys relating to the complaints and payment processes are the focus 
in all regions and are supplemented by two additional country-specific strategic priorities. jNPS 
shows how our customers perceive the quality of key service experiences. The annual target is 
generally based on the prior-year performance and aims to significantly increase the level of 
service experienced or stabilize it at a high level. jNPS accounts for 50 percent of the overall 
target achievement of Group-wide NPS. 
We use a uniform system to collect both KPIs in all our markets: Germany, the United Kingdom, 
Italy, Romania, Sweden, Czechia, Poland, and the Netherlands. An automated, standardized 
reporting process ensures high data quality and transparency.  
Performance Review 
Our performance review of customer satisfaction focuses on Energy Retail. Each year, E.ON 
centrally defines binding sNPS and jNPS targets, which serve as KPIs at the Group, divisional, and 
country levels.  
The results are reported to the Management Board on a regular basis and are the subject ongoing 
discussions between the Chief Operating Officer— Commercial and the regional CEOs. Since 
2020, sNPS and jNPS performance has been used to calculate 20 percent of executives’ variable 
compensation. 
In fiscal year 2025, E.ON extended sNPS in a few cases and achieved Group-wide sNPS of 87 
percent, a degree of target achievement similar to that of the prior year. Sweden and the 
Netherlands fully met their targets. Overall, E.ON (Essent in the Netherlands) remained ahead of 
the competition in five markets. In addition, several regions— including the United Kingdom, 
Germany, Czechia, and Sweden— improved their sNPS in absolute terms. 
Our teams in the United Kingdom, Italy, Poland, Czechia, and Romania significantly exceeded their 
targets for jNPS. Sweden and Germany fully met their targets, while the Netherlands only 
achieved their improvement targets in two out of four customer journeys. Group-wide target 
achievement for jNPS in 2025 was 124 percent, another excellent performance. 
These results confirm that customer satisfaction is not just an ambition, but a measurable 
indicator of E.ON’s success and a key driver of our sustainable growth.  
Brand 
The E.ON brand is— alongside our employees and customers— one of our most important 
intangible assets. In 2025 the E.ON Group celebrated its 25th anniversary. However, the 
founding years of E.ON’s predecessor entities—VEBA and VIAG— actually date back much further: 
to the beginning of the 20th century. This makes both the company and the E.ON brand part of a 
long tradition of German industrial history. Consequently, the E.ON brand is associated with 
values like stability, responsibility, and trust. Our current brand image—  “It’s on us to make new 
energy work” — positions E.ON as a competent partner for all aspects of energy and the 
successful implementation of the energy transition. In June 2025 this brand image earned E.ON 
the Corporate Brand of the Year award at the German Brand Awards. This brand award— one of 
Germany’s most important— recognized the reorientation of the E.ON brand, its focus on 
distribution networks and sustainable customer solutions, and its positioning as the playmaker of 
the energy transition in Germany and Europe.

[page 69]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 69 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
E.ON SE’s Earnings, Financial, and Asset Situation 
Fiscal Year 2025 
E.ON SE prepares its Financial Statements in accordance with the German Commercial Code, the 
Regulation on the Statute for a European Company (“SE”) in conjunction with the German Stock 
Corporation Act, and the Electricity and Gas Supply Act (Energy Industry Act; German 
abbreviation: “EnWG”). 
Balance Sheet of E.ON SE (Summary)   
  December 31  
€ in millions  2025   2024  
Intangible assets  –    –   
Property, plant, and equipment  11   11  
Financial assets  48,650   48,679  
Non-current assets  48,661   48,690  
Receivables from affiliated companies  15,081   12,526  
Other receivables and assets  864   1,410  
Liquid funds  2,575   4,473  
Current assets  18,520   18,409  
Accrued expenses  106   113  
Asset surplus after offsetting of benefit 
obligations  19   23  
Total assets  67,306   67,235  
Equity  13,531   12,434  
Provisions  3,603   3,640  
Bonds  20,573   20,288  
Liabilities to affiliated companies  28,655   29,944  
Other liabilities  734   698  
Deferred income  210   231  
Total equity and liabilities  67,306   67,235  
 
The increase in receivables from affiliated companies is mainly attributable to higher receivables 
from profit transfers from subsidiaries (+€1,799 million) and an increase in claims stemming from 
intra-Group financing (+€791 million).  
The €558 million decrease in other receivables results from the complete disposal of shares in 
money-market funds. 
The high level of liquid funds shown in the previous year resulted from pre-financing measures 
for fiscal year 2025. In the reporting period, these funds were used to finance affiliated 
companies and pay the dividend. 
The change in equity mainly reflects the rise in retained earnings. This increase is attributable to 
the appropriation of €1,100 in earnings from 2025 and the sale of treasury shares under the 
employee stock-purchase program conducted in 2025 (€17 million) . 
E.ON SE issued new bonds in the amount of €2,030 million in fiscal year 2025 and repaid bonds 
in the amount of €1,657 million.  
The €1,233 million decrease in liabilities to affiliated companies reflects a decline in intra- Group 
financing. 
Information on treasury shares can be found in Note 11 → and Note 19 → to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements. 
 
 

[page 70]
Combined Group Management Report →  Business Report 70 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Income Statement of E.ON SE (Summary)  
€ in millions  2025   2024  
Income from equity interests  3,643   2,208  
Financial result  -552   -587  
Other expenditures and income  -565   -440  
Taxes  -11   262  
Net income  2,515   1,443  
Profit carryforward from the prior year  1,418   1,412  
Net income transferred to retained earnings  -1,100   –   
Net income available for distribution  2,833   2,855  
 
E.ON SE is the holding company of the E.ON Group. As such, its earnings situation is affected by 
income from equity interests. The main contributors to positive income from equity interests 
were income from the transfer of profits from E.ON Beteiligungen GmbH in the amount of 
€1,854 million and fr om E.ON Finanzanlagen GmbH in the amount of €1,720 million. E.ON 
Beteiligungen GmbH’s profit transfer in the amount of €52 million in fiscal year 2024 was 
reduced by €1,722 million from the merger loss resulting from an intra -Group structuring 
measure (merger of a subsidiary). 
The financial result in fiscal year 2025 includes an €80 million improvement in the net interest 
result. This change is mainly attributable to the lower level of market interest rates as a result of 
the European Central Bank’s base rate reductions since the middle of 2024. Because E.ON SE 
holds current liabilities to affiliated companies on a net basis, these changes in interest rates have 
a positive effect on the net interest result. 
The negative balance of other income and expenses in fiscal year 2025 is mainly attributable to 
personnel-related expenses in the amount of €307 million, expenses for purchased services in the 
amount of €241 million, auditing and consulting expenses in the amount of €85 million, and net 
expenses from derivative financial instruments and exchange rate differences in the amount of 
€41 million. The increase over the previous year resulted mainly from higher personnel -related 
expenses (+€80 million) and a negat ive result from derivative financial instruments that was €34 
million higher than in the previous year. 
The activities of the company E.ON SE within the meaning of Section 6b (3) of the Energy 
Industry Act consist mainly of other activities outside the electricity and gas sector. In addition, 
E.ON SE provides a relatively limited degree of energy-specific services for network operations 
relating to electricity distribution and/or gas distribution and prepares activity statements for 
these services. The resulting earnings, individually and in total, are minimal (about +€0. 9 million).  
In the year under review, the total tax expense amounted to €11 million relating to taxes for the 
year under review as well as taxes for prior years. This consists of a tax expense for prior years of 
€10 million, a tax expense of €5 million for the year un der review, and income from other taxes of 
€4 million.  The tax income shown in the previous year included a refund claim for prior years from 
a legal redress procedure in the amount of €198 million.  
E.ON SE functions as the E.ON Group’s holding company. As such, it is largely dependent on E.ON 
Group’s development in terms of business performance, situation, and anticipated development 
and the associated risks and opportunities. It is therefore generally subject to the same risks and 
opportunities as the E.ON Group as are described in the Risks and Opportunities Report. 
The dividend and its development constitute the most important key performance indicator for 
E.ON SE’s Financial Statements. In line with the prior-year forecast of dividend growth of at least 
5 percent annually, the Management Board will propose to the Annual Shareholders Meeting in 
2026 that net income available for distribution be used to pay a dividend of €0.57 per ordinary 
share and the remaining amount of €1,343 million to be carried forward to the next fiscal year. 
Management’s proposal for the use of net income available for distribution is based on the 
number of ordinary shares on February 18, 2026, the date when the Financial Statements of 
E.ON SE were prepared. 
The complete Financial Statements of E.ON SE, with an unqualified opinion issued by the auditor, 
KPMG AG, will be announced in the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger).  
Outlook 
The E.ON SE Management Board reaffirmed its dividend policy that foresees annual growth in 
dividend per share of up to 5 percent through the dividend for fiscal year 2030. This also applies 
to dividend growth of up to 5 percent for fiscal year 2026. E.ON will aim for an annual increase in 
dividend per share after 2030 as well. In E.ON’s strategy, sustainability with an emphasis on 
climate-neutral economic activities is a key growth factor that should enable E.ON to meet its 
dividend targets.

[page 71]
Combined Group Management Report →  Forecast Report 71 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Forecast Report 
Business Environment 
Macroeconomic Situation 
Ongoing geopolitical tensions and the attendant uncertainties are affecting economic 
development as well. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) 
forecasts global economic growth of 2.9 percent and 3.1 percent for 2026 and 2027, 
respectively. 
These forecasts assume that inflation will continue to ease and global trade will recover. 
Increased trade tensions, however, could affect supply chains and consumer prices and thus 
impede economic growth. 
The OECD forecasts eurozone economic growth of 1.2 percent for 2026 and 1.4 percent for 
2027. Although the global economic environment remains difficult, the European economy is 
supported by a robust labor market and rising purchasing power. In addition, low inflation (2026: 
1.9 percent) and favorable financing conditions are expected to contribute to moderate growth. 
The OECD anticipates that Germany’s GDP will grow in 2026 and 2027 by 1.0 percent and 1.5 
percent, respectively. Germany’s economy remains in a fragile situation, even though it is 
expected to benefit from low inflation (2026: 2.0 percent), higher wages, and rising private 
spending. Growing public spending on defense and infrastructure should contribute to the 
recovery as well. 
2026 Highlights 
• Attractive returns 
E.ON expects earnings per share derived from Group adjusted net income (“EPS”) to fall in a 
range from €1.03 to €1.11 in 2026 and the dividend to increase by up to 5 percent per year.  
• Being a playmaker enables us to shape the energy transition  
The E.ON Group’s investments are expected to amount to roughly €8.7 billion in 2026, most of 
which will go toward its networks. 
  

[page 72]
Combined Group Management Report →  Forecast Report 72 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Anticipated Earnings and Financial Situation 
Forecast Earnings Performance 
The most important key performance indicators for managing the E.ON Group are adjusted 
EBITDA, investments, and earnings per share from adjusted net income (“EPS”). Adjusted EBITDA 
and Group adjusted net income/EPS will for the first time be adjusted for temporary regulatory 
effects starting in fiscal year 2026 (the Management Control System → chapter provides more 
details). For the purposes of comparison, this adjustment yields the following earnings figures for 
fiscal year 2025: 
• E.ON Group‘s adjusted EBITDA: €9,419 million 
• Energy Networks‘ adjusted EBITDA: €7,264 million 
• Group adjusted net income/EPS: €2,744 million and €1.05 per share  
Forecast by Business Division 
Adjusted EBITDA1  
€ in billions  2025   2026 Forecast  
Energy Networks  7.3   7.2 to 7.4  
Energy Infrastructure Solutions  0.6   0.60 to 0.75  
Energy Retail  1.7   1.6 to 1.8  
Corporate Functions/Other  -0.1   –   
E.ON Group  9.4   9.4 to 9.6  
1Adjusted for non-operating effects (including an initial adjustment for temporary, value-neutral regulatory effects).  
 
E.ON anticipates that Energy Networks’ earnings will be stable in 2026 compared with the past 
fiscal year’s adjusted EBITDA adjusted to exclude temporary regulatory effects. Higher expenses 
in our networks in Germany to ensure sustainable growth will be offset by higher earnings 
contributions from our network business elsewhere in Europe due to continuing growth of the 
asset base. 
E.ON expects Energy Infrastructure Solutions’ earnings to be higher in 2026 than in the past 
fiscal year. This anticipated increase will be mainly due to earnings contributions from the 
commissioning of new assets.  
Energy Retail’s earnings are expected to be at the prior-year level. This is primarily driven by 
ongoing operational efficiency improvements across the entire business division, which are 
largely offset by the deconsolidation of NEW Group. 
Earnings at Corporate Functions/Other are expected to be at the prior-year level. 
Group adjusted net income and earnings per share from adjusted net income (“EPS”) are expected 
to be at the level of the prior year in line with our adjusted EBITDA performance.  
E.ON expects Group adjusted EBITDA of €9.4 to €9.6 billion in fiscal year 2026. It anticipates 
Group adjusted net income of €2.7 to €2.9 billion, or €1.03 to €1.11 per share in 2026 (based on 
around 2,613 million shares outstanding). The goal of our dividend policy is to offer our 
shareholdings attractive dividend growth of up to 5 percent annually. The E.ON SE’s Earnings, 
Financial, and Asset Situation→ chapter contains additional information. 
Planned Investments 
Investments in the sustainable expansion and digital transformation of energy networks and 
customer solutions activities form the basis for the value-driven growth E.ON aims to achieve. 
Investments of around €8.7 billion are therefore planned for fiscal ye ar 2026. 
 
 

[page 73]
Combined Group Management Report →  Forecast Report 73 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Cash-Effective Investments     
  2025   2026 Forecast  
  € in billions    % of total   € in billions    % of total  
Energy Networks  7.0   82   ~7.0   81  
Energy Infrastructure Solutions  0.9   11   ~1.0   12  
Energy Retail  0.5   6   ~0.6   7  
Corporate Functions/Other  0.1   1   –    –   
E.ON Group  8.5   100   ~8.7   100  
 
E.ON will make most of these investments in its Energy Networks business division, the backbone 
of a successful energy transition. Investments will go toward expanding, enhancing, and 
modernizing networks, switching equipment, and metering and control technology in order to 
ensure the reliable, uninterrupted, and sustainable distribution of electricity and to meet rising 
energy demand. In addition, E.ON will invest in the digitalization of network planning, monitoring, 
and control. 
Investments at the Energy Infrastructure Solutions business division will mainly go toward 
business expansion in our markets in Germany, the United Kingdom, Sweden, and the 
Netherlands. 
At the Energy Retail division, E.ON will invest in advanced IT platforms, smart charging solutions 
for eMobility, and integrated energy solutions. 
Corporate Functions/Other’s investments will go mainly toward Group-wide IT infrastructure and 
digital platforms for our three business divisions: Energy Networks, Energy Infrastructure 
Solutions, and Energy Retail.

[page 74]
Combined Group Management Report →  Risks and Opportunities Report 74 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Risks and Opportunities Report 
Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) 
E.ON systematically identifies, assesses, and manages risks and opportunities as part of its 
Group-wide enterprise risk management (“ERM”). ERM’s aim is to enable E.ON Group’s 
management to thoroughly and realistically assess the risks and opportunities of all business 
activities. ERM provides a central overview of individual and aggregated risks and opportunities 
and provides transparency regarding E.ON’s risk position in accordance with legal requirements, 
such as the German Law on Control and Transparency in Business (German acronym: “KonTraG”), 
the German Accounting Law Modernization Act (German acronym: “BilMoG”), and the German 
Accounting Law Reform Act (German acronym: “BilReG”). It encompasses all fully consolidated 
Group companies as well as all companies accounted for using the equity method whose gross 
book value exceeds €50 million. A Group policy defines ERM requirements and associated 
responsibilities. Internal Audit reviews ERM’s effectiveness on a regular basis. 
The observation period for risks and opportunities was extended to a five-year horizon at the end 
of fiscal year 2025. This adjustment ensures consistency with E.ON’s medium-term planning and 
enables the early identification of relevant uncertainties, such as those relating to the regulatory 
framework for Germany’s fifth regulatory period for electricity (from 2029 onward) and to the 
long-term development of financing options. 
The responsibility for each risk and opportunity is assigned to a Management Board member or 
the respective business unit’s management and to an accountable risk owner. The latter bears 
specialist responsibility for assessing and managing the risk. The business units’ Risk Committees 
aim to ensure that their risk management system provides a comprehensive overview of risk 
positions and supports the management of these positions in line with the defined risk strategy.  
Risks and opportunities are consolidated at Group level. The percentiles of the aggregated 
distribution function of all risks are compared with E.ON`s risk-bearing capacity and risk 
appetite. This is the basis on which E.ON SE’s Risk Committee assesses, at least quarterly, 
whether there is a risk profile that could jeopardize the E.ON Group’s continued existence.  
E.ON SE’s Risk Committee is the central council for managing and monitoring E.ON`s risks. The 
committee, which was established in accordance with Section 91 of the German Stock 
Corporation Act (German acronym: “AktG”) and the German Federal Financial Supervisory 
Authority’s (German acronym: “BaFin”) minimum requirements for risk management, advises the 
Management Board on strategic risk management issues. Its tasks include defining the Group’s 
risk strategy, risk-bearing capacity, and risk appetite and approving changes to risk guidelines. 
The Risk Committee may delegate tasks to subcommittees, such as the Market Committee.  
The graphic below shows E.ON’s ERM structure and process: 

[page 75]
Combined Group Management Report →  Risks and Opportunities Report 75 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Current Risks and Opportunities Situation 
ERM distinguishes between quantitative, qualitative, and tail risks and opportunities. Quantitative 
risks and opportunities can be assessed in financial terms and, if they occur, would have a direct 
impact on adjusted EBITDA or other key performance indicators (“KPIs”) relating to E.ON’s asset 
and financial situation. Expert assessments are used to assign qualitative risks and opportunities 
to a range of probabilities of occurrence and financial impact. Tail risks and opportunities refer to 
risks and opportunities that are characterized by a very low probability of occurrence (less than 5 
percent) but a high potential impact. All risks and opportunities are always subject to a net risk 
assessment; that is, measures taken to avoid risks and realize opportunities are factored in. 
The table at right shows the maximum annual risk and opportunity situation for quantitative risks 
and opportunities (excluding tail risks/opportunities) based on adjusted EBITDA for all risk and 
opportunity categories. E.ON uses the 5 percent and 95 percent quantiles. Consequently, there is 
a 90 percent probability that the deviation from plan is within the specified range. 
This report encompasses the risks and opportunities relevant at Group level by business division 
and category; measures to limit risk are explained where applicable. It also includes— alongside 
quantitative issues— any extant qualitative and tail risks/opportunities whose potential impact 
exceeds €200 million. Qualitative and tail risks/opportunities classified as material or high
11 are 
marked accordingly. 
Group-wide Risks and Opportunities  
Market risks/opportunities arise from commodity price volatility and fluctuations in energy 
consumption, which are largely seasonal in nature. This seasonality affects earnings and liquidity 
and requires foresightful management of procurement activities. The wholesale market 
environment was more complex in 2025 due in part to policy developments and geopolitical 
tensions. Such factors could have a negative impact on E.ON’s asset, financial, and earnings 
situation across all business divisions. Yet these market conditions also create opportunities, such 
as to optimize hedging strategies.  
 
11A risk is classified as “high” if its potential impact exceeds €2 billion. 

[page 76]
Combined Group Management Report →  Risks and Opportunities Report 76 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Financial and treasury risks/opportunities include financing risks, interest rate risks, liquidity 
risks, credit risks, and tax risks. Group-wide risks could arise from an increase in interest rates, 
which would lead to higher refinancing costs for maturing bonds and thus could adversely affect 
the Company’s future financing costs and liquidity. Conversely, a decline in interest rates creates 
the opportunity to refinance in the future on more favorable terms and reduce interest expenses. 
A significant downgrade of E.ON’s rating could result in additional costs and liquidity 
requirements at the E.ON Group level (tail risk/high), while a positive business performance could 
improve the rating and thus refinancing terms. The amount of the Group’s provisions for pensions 
is mainly influenced by actuarial discount rates and the inflation rate. Unforeseen changes in 
these parameters entail the risk of balance-sheet deviations, which are managed and hedged 
centrally. Provisions for pensions are managed by means of a liability-driven investment 
approach— including active interest rate and inflation hedging— in order to limit fluctuations 
resulting from changes in valuation parameters.  
E.ON is exposed to currency risks and opportunities as well. These include transaction risks 
related to payments in foreign currencies and translation risks arising from converting the assets, 
liabilities, and earnings of E.ON companies outside the eurozone into euros. E.ON uses financial 
derivatives to limit currency risks.
12 
Legal and regulatory risks/opportunities arise from a variety of legal and regulatory requirements 
to which E.ON is subject as an energy service provider. Changes (particularly in energy, 
environmental, and tax law) as well as regulatory proceedings can influence business activities, 
investment decisions, and earnings. E.ON promotes constructive dialog with government 
agencies and policymakers in order to limit these risks. In addition, risks and opportunities arise 
from legal disputes with business partners and government agencies. E.ON limits these risks by 
implementing an effective compliance system, using legally compliant contract clauses, 
conducting employee training, monitoring legislative changes, and having insurance coverage.  
 
12Notes 30 and 31 of the Consolidated Financial Statements contain detailed information about derivative financial instruments and hedging tran sactions as well as E.ON’s general principles regarding risk management and risk quantification for commodities, credit, liquidity, interest 
rates, and currencies. 
13This section is also part of the Sustainability Statement. It contains information on ESRS disclosure requirements ESRS 2 SBM -3 in the context of ESRS E1 para. 18-19 and IRO-1 para. 53c iii. and e as well as in the context of ESRS E1 para. 20-21. It also includes disclosures pursuant to 
section 1.2.2.1 lit. b) of the EU taxonomy. 
Operational and IT risks/opportunities arise primarily from the business divisions’ day-to-day 
business processes. The E.ON Group’s processes are based on complex information and operating 
technologies (“IT/OT”). This poses risks regarding these technologies’ uninterrupted availability.  
Strategic risks/opportunities relate to the long-term strategic orientation of the Company and its 
business divisions. They arise primarily from fundamental changes in E.ON’s operating 
environment and investment decisions regarding new technologies and business models. 
Strategic opportunities can arise, for example, from successful investments in innovation, 
digitalization, and new value chains. 
Health, safety, and environmental (“HSE”) risks/opportunities can result from the Group’s 
operating activities and its social and ecological environment. Examples include risks arising from 
human error, inadequate safety precautions, and environmental damage. This could— alongside 
impacting the employees involved and leading to possible environmental damage— also adversely 
affect E.ON’s corporate culture and reputation. E.ON addresses these risks by means of 
comprehensive occupational safety and environmental management, periodic training, preventive 
measures, and open communication with stakeholders. Human resource risks arise from a 
shortage of skilled workers and the associated challenges in filling vacancies along with high 
employee turnover rates. These risks could have implications for E.ON’s earnings situation. E.ON 
uses targeted recruitment, development programs, and employee retention measures to address 
human resource risks. 
Environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) risks/opportunities arise along E.ON’s value chain 
and can have long-term effects.
13 These include climate change, resource scarcity, biodiversity 
loss, human rights, diversity, social acceptance, anti-corruption, compliance, and corporate ethics. 
E.ON’s ERM systematically considers ESG aspects. E.ON identifies and assesses ESG risks and 
opportunities along its value chain and assigns them to the above-described risk categories. ESG 
risks may influence these categories’ materiality. E.ON also factors in possible impacts on the 
Group as well as on the environment, society, employees, suppliers, and customers. ESG risks and 
opportunities are assigned to clusters and assessed on the basis of defined thresholds. Similar 
risks are aggregated into group risks.  

[page 77]
Combined Group Management Report →  Risks and Opportunities Report 77 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Each business unit is required to identify and assess potential climate risks as part of its risk 
reporting. Risks that significantly jeopardize climate change adaptation are included in ERM. This 
basic approach to assessing potential damage to climate change adaptation is verified in 
consultation with the relevant departments. 
► The EU taxonomy assigns physical climate risks to the environmental objective “climate 
change adaption.” The scenario analysis was applied to relevant economic activities and is 
updated annually. We conducted a qualitative risk assessment for each identified climate risk and 
each economic activity for the reference period from 2041 to 2060. The risk assessment was 
based on IPCC scenarios SSP1-2.6 and SSP5-8.5. Its findings do not differ from the risks already 
reported in ERM. In 2025 there were no significant deviations in the estimated amount of damage 
compared with the once-in-a-century weather and climate risks reported in ERM. ◄ 
Energy Networks 
Market risks/opportunities in the Energy Networks business division arise primarily from 
deviations between the forecast and actual quantity of power and gas it transmits. Changes in 
these quantities affect our annual revenues from grid fees, the costs of using upstream networks, 
and redispatch costs. The financial impact of these fluctuations in Germany is offset by regulatory 
accounts. These are temporary regulatory effects that have no lasting impact on earnings. E.ON 
will adjust EBITDA for these temporary regulatory effects from 2026 onward (the Corporate 
Profile chapter contains more details). Fluctuations in the quantity of energy transmitted in 
Germany may therefore continue to affect liquidity but will no longer affect adjusted EBITDA. 
Network operators are responsible for accounting for energy quantities and conducting physical 
balancing group settlement in their network territories. This involves risks due to incorrect 
forecasts, which can lead to an unbalanced balancing group (differences between feed-in and 
withdrawal). Balancing group settlement, which is mandatory, entails costs that, from a structural 
standpoint, can be significantly higher than the market price. E.ON counters these risks by 
conducting periodic monitoring and scenario analyses. 
Energy Networks’ financial and treasury risks/opportunities arise chiefly from possible payment 
delays and valuation effects related to interest rates. 
Energy Networks’ legal and regulatory risks/opportunities reflect its regulatory environment 
consisting of national laws, ordinances, and agency determinations as well as European Union 
requirements. Germany’s Federal Network Agency has largely set the parameters for the 
country’s fourth regulatory period. Opportunities and risks nevertheless arise from general 
inflation and interest rate developments, which could affect not only revenues but also costs. 
Germany’s fifth regulatory period (power from 2029 onward, gas from 2028 onward) presents 
opportunities and risks resulting from the new regulatory framework, which has not yet been 
fully finalized (the Business Report chapter provides details on Germany’s NEST process). E.ON’s 
network business in Sweden faces a similar situation. E.ON addresses legal and regulatory risks 
by conducting ongoing regulatory and stakeholder monitoring, participating actively in 
consultations, and adjusting its planning and cost assumptions early. 
Renewable generating facilities that feed electricity into Germany’s power networks receive 
government compensation in the year of delivery based on forecast figures. By contrast, 
transmission system operators (“TSOs”) pay compensation based on actual physical feed-in. 
Deviations from forecast sunlight can lead to significant differences between government 
payments to renewables operators and payments from TSOs. A final settlement in the following 
year rectifies these payments. Furthermore, network losses result from physical resistance in 
lines and transformers. E.ON’s network operators in Germany procure the energy required to 
cover these losses and include it in their revenue cap at a reference price set by the Federal 
Network Agency. Risks and opportunities arise when actual procurement costs and the reference 
price differ. E.ON counteracts this risk by continually monitoring network losses. 
On January 29, 2026, the German Bundestag approved the Umbrella Act for Critical 
Infrastructure (German acronym: “KRITIS”), by which Germany transposed the EU CER Directive 
into national law. The law introduces uniform minimum standards for the physical protection of 
critical infrastructure throughout Germany with the aim of also enhancing security of supply for 
the country’s population. Specific requirements and investment needs will only be available after 
the completion of sector-specific regulations and a national risk assessment. Additional 
investments in structural security measures, access controls, and technical protection systems 
along with ongoing costs to operate, maintain, and monitor these systems and to fulfil reporting 
and documentation obligations are expected to pose risks. Opportunities could arise from uniform 
security standards, increased resilience, and efficiency gains resulting from improved reporting 
and security processes. 

[page 78]
Combined Group Management Report →  Risks and Opportunities Report 78 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The operation of technical facilities along the entire value chain— from procurement, logistics, and 
construction to operation and maintenance— poses a wide variety of operating and IT risks as well 
as opportunities. Power outages and unexpected operating disruptions are examples of such 
risks. In addition, extraordinary environmental events like storms can impair the operation of 
energy networks and facilities, which represents an earnings and liquidity risk (tail risk/material). 
Countermeasures include structured asset and maintenance management, clear processes for 
dealing with natural hazards, and an existing emergency and crisis plan. 
In addition, smart energy meters could be the target of cyberattacks, which could lead to data 
loss or manipulation. E.ON limits these risks by taking comprehensive cybersecurity measures, 
including the expansion of advanced IT/OT systems. 
In addition, E.ON holds numerous minority interests at Energy Networks, for example in municipal 
utilities in larger municipalities. This creates the risk of fluctuating earnings streams that are not 
entirely under E.ON’s control. The risk is limited by actively managing these interests. 
Strategic risks/opportunities primarily result from the possibility that this business division’s 
planned investment targets under E.ON’s growth strategy and amid the energy transition could 
be exceeded or not achieved. E.ON limits this risk by pursuing a foresightful strategy that adjusts 
planning to current conditions. 
Energy Infrastructure Solutions 
Market risks/opportunities in the Energy Infrastructure Solutions business arise primarily from 
fluctuating energy prices and quantities as well as intense competition. These factors can 
influence the profitability of supply contracts for heating, cooling, and electricity. E.ON counters 
these risks by continually monitoring them and using hedging instruments. 
Energy Infrastructure Solutions’ financial and treasury risks/opportunities result primarily from 
possible payment defaults or delays, which can increase when energy prices rise and the 
economy weakens. E.ON limits these risks by means of credit checks, collateral, advance payment 
clauses in contracts, efficient receivables management, and automated payment reminder 
processes. 
Legal and regulatory risks/opportunities arise primarily from disputes over contract and price 
changes in the heating and cooling business, including the effects of the energy transition. E.ON 
counters these risks by having in place comprehensive compliance measures and monitoring 
regulatory developments on an ongoing basis. 
Operating and IT risks/opportunities result from the fact that energy availability is critical to the 
fulfillment of contractual obligations. Outages, prolonged plant shutdowns, and project delays 
could lead to significant financial losses, damage claims, and regulatory sanctions. The causes 
range from IT/OT outages to mechanical defects. Countermeasures like emergency and restart 
plans and comprehensive project controlling serve to limit these risks.  
This business division could encounter strategic risks/opportunities if it does not adapt quickly 
enough to changing market and customer requirements or if there are delays in project 
development. This could jeopardize the achievement of growth targets. Agile project 
management and continual monitoring of market and customer requirements ensure adaptability 
and reduce delays in project implementation. 
Energy Retail 
Market risks/opportunities in the Energy Retail business division mainly arise from general 
economic risks and keen competition, which could put greater pressure on earnings. E.ON limits 
market risks on the sales side by pursuing a combination of greater digitalization, targeted 
customer focus, and sustainable offerings and by investing in digital platforms, personalized 
tariffs, smart charging solutions, and sustainable energy plans. 
In addition, the regulatory and government components of energy prices can affect our cost 
structure. E.ON faces earnings and liquidity risks and opportunities arising from deviations in 
these price components and from the extent to which they can be passed through compared with 
its planning assumptions. In addition, timing differences between outgoing payments for the 
procurement of wholesale commodities and incoming payments from customers pose liquidity 
risks. 

[page 79]
Combined Group Management Report →  Risks and Opportunities Report 79 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
E.ON counters risks arising from commodity price movements in energy procurement by having 
in place a risk management system that includes risk limitation, pricing, and hedging. This 
involves the use of standard derivative instruments contracted with financial institutions, brokers, 
electricity exchanges, and third parties. E.ON’s market risks in commodity procurement are 
primarily managed by its E.ON Energy Markets GmbH (“EEM”) subsidiary. 
Energy Retail also faces financial and treasury risks/opportunities owing to possible payment 
defaults and/or delays. E.ON limits these risks by means of credit checks, collateral, advance 
payment clauses in contracts, efficient receivables management, and automated payment 
reminder processes. In addition, monthly advance payments in the residential customer business 
may be higher or lower than expected due to changes in market communications and price 
developments. This can adversely impact cash flow and short-term liquidity management. 
Legal and regulatory risks/opportunities arise primarily from disputes over contract and price 
adjustments in the electricity and gas business. In addition, there are risks associated with 
allegations of anti-competitive practices, such as price fixing and market sharing. This poses a 
significant risk (tail risk/high). E.ON counters these risks by conducting comprehensive 
compliance management, continually monitoring regulatory developments, and taking preventive 
measures to ensure that its business activities comply with the law. 
Possible changes in legislation or regulations in the United Kingdom could result in payments for 
renewables certificates being made according to a different methodology than previously 
assumed. This could adversely affect cash flow in 2027. E.ON limits these risks by promoting 
constructive dialog with government agencies and policymakers. 
Operating and IT risks/opportunities are primarily influenced by the availability of business-
critical processes, which depend on central IT applications. Technical failures or the incorrect 
implementation of regulatory requirements (such as market communications, energy price caps) 
can have significant consequences, including financial losses, damage claims, and regulatory 
sanctions. Expanding the use of advanced IT/OT systems is one of E.ON’s countermeasures to 
limit these risks. In addition, cash flow from nuclear power plant dismantling projects may be 
higher or lower than anticipated due to project-specific deviations from the assumptions made in 
the planning stage. 
Energy Retail may encounter strategic risks/opportunities if it does not sufficiently adapt its 
product portfolio to current market and customer needs. This could impair its competitiveness 
and the achievement of its growth targets. E.ON limits this risk by conducting continual market 
and customer analyses to adapt early to evolving conditions and customer requirements. 
Corporate Functions/Other 
Corporate Functions/Other’s market risks/opportunities at the end of fiscal year 2025 were 
minimal and had no material impact on the E.ON Group’s assets, financial, or earnings situation. 
Financial and treasury risks/opportunities are aggregated centrally at Corporate Functions/Other 
and managed by means of appropriate measures. E.ON limits these risks by implementing 
hedging strategies that make use of financial instruments that are common in the market. 
Actuarial discount rates and the inflation rate influence the amount of provisions for asset-
retirement obligations and thus the risks associated with the dismantling of nuclear power 
stations. Unexpected changes in these variables can lead to balance-sheet surpluses or deficits. 
This also applies to provisions for perpetual liabilities arising from past mining activities (tail 
risk/high). 
Commodity procurement exposes E.ON to credit risks. These arise in particular from 
counterparties’ non-delivery or partial delivery of agreed-on consideration and from payment 
defaults on existing receivables (tail risk/high). E.ON manages these risks by continuously 
monitoring its counterparties’ creditworthiness, demanding collateral, and setting limits. 
Credit risks arise from business relationships with partner banks as well. These include potential 
losses on deposits and risks associated with financial derivatives in the event of a partner bank 
defaulting. Such risks may arise from turbulences on financial markets or the default of 
systemically important financial institutions. E.ON mitigates these risks by spreading them across 
several banks and monitoring banks’ creditworthiness and risk exposure on an ongoing basis. 
Corporate Functions/Other’s legal and regulatory risks/opportunities at the end of fiscal year 
2025 were minimal and had no material impact on the E.ON Group’s assets, financial, or earnings 
situation. 

[page 80]
Combined Group Management Report →  Risks and Opportunities Report 80 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Operating and IT risks/opportunities related to cybersecurity are centrally managed and 
monitored. Cyberattacks— on systems for managing user identities and access rights, for 
example— as well as unplanned outages of IT /OT systems can disrupt critical infrastructure, 
interrupt business processes, and/or lead to the loss of sensitive data. Such events can impair 
security of supply, business continuity, and E.ON’s reputation. E.ON limits these risks by taking 
comprehensive cybersecurity measures, including expanding its advanced IT/OT systems and 
conducting regular security audits. In addition, cash flow from nuclear power plant 
decommissioning projects may be higher or lower than anticipated due to project-specific 
deviations from planning assumptions. 
Strategic risks/opportunities result primarily from M&A transactions and are centrally managed 
and monitored. There is a risk that buyers may claim guarantees and warranties given in 
connection with disposals (such as those relating to legal, financial, or operational assurances). 
This could lead to obligations that adversely impact E.ON’s financial position or reputation (tail 
risk/material).  
Health, safety, and environmental (“HSE”) risks and opportunities as well as human resource 
risks and opportunities relate primarily to E.ON’s responsibility for past mining activities in North 
Rhine-Westphalia and Bavaria. This results in obligations whose magnitude varies by region (6 to 
25 percent likelihood of occurrence/material). There is also a risk that E.ON will be required to 
contribute to the costs of mine drainage (tail risk/material). 
Management Board’s Assessment of the 
Risks and Opportunities Situation 
The E.ON Group’s overall risks and opportunities situation at year-end 2025 has not changed 
significantly with regard to the level of identified risks and opportunities. At the December 31, 
2025, balance-sheet date, the E.ON SE Management Board did not identify any risk profile that 
could jeopardize the existence of the Group or individual segments. 
The E.ON Group’s aggregated maximum risk for adjusted EBITDA is—as at year-end 2024—
between €500 million and €2 billion. The possible negative deviation from planned EBITDA is 
therefore classified as material. Furthermore, no material ESG risks were identified pursuant to 
Section 289c (3), Sentence 1, Nos. 3 and 4 of the HGB that could have significant adverse impact 
on the E.ON Group. 

[page 81]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 81 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Sustainability Statement 
Climate protection and occupational health and safety play key roles among E.ON’s material 
sustainability topics. Through our goals of climate neutrality and Vision 0, they shape our 
strategic course and are also among the focus topics relevant for executive compensation. 
Climate Neutrality 
E.ON actively shapes Europe’s energy transition and propels the transition to a decarbonized 
future. We invest in green infrastructure, expand our energy networks, and propel electrification 
to lay the foundation for a climate-neutral energy supply. The cornerstone is our decarbonization 
strategy, which has target pathways and measures that define our journey to climate neutrality. 
At the same time, we know that a successful energy transition requires intact ecosystems and 
biodiversity. They secure the natural foundations for expanding and operating energy 
infrastructure and strengthen resilience to climate risks. Consequently, we avoid biologically 
sensitive areas, implement protection and restoration measures, and actively promote 
biodiversity. It is how we help bring energy and nature into harmony. 
The Climate Protection → chapter contains more information on this topic. 
Vision 0 
For E.ON, Vision 0 means that all employees go home from work safe and healthy. This applies to 
our employees and our contractors. 
Our goal is to completely eliminate serious and fatal occupational accidents and illnesses. 
The Occupational Health and Safety → chapter contains more information on Vision 0. 
 
  

[page 82]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 82 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
General Information 
Basis for Preparation 
This Sustainability Statement was prepared to meet the requirements of Directive (EU) 
2022/2464 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated December 14, 2022 (Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive, “CSRD”) and to meet the requirements of Sections 315b and 
315c of the German Commercial Code (German abbreviation: “HGB”) for a non-financial group 
statement and Sections 289b to 289e of the HGB for a non-financial company statement. We 
apply the first set of the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (“ESRS”) as a framework 
for preparing the Sustainability Statement. For fiscal year 2025, certain sections of the 
Sustainability Statement consider the transitional relief measures (see the delegated act 
amending the first set of the European Commission’s ESRS dated July 11, 2025, “Quick Fix 
Amendment”). 
The topic-specific chapters of our Sustainability Statement are structured in line with the ESRS. 
Each chapter begins by stating the strategic relevance of E.ON’s material impacts, risks, and 
opportunities. This is followed by sections entitled “Managing Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities” 
(which has two subsections: “Policies” and “Actions”) and “Targets and Metrics.” We include 
additional subsections where required by the ESRS and adapt the basic structure in individual 
cases if this promotes a better presentation for E.ON. 
The Sustainability Statement refers to the 2025 calendar year. The Sustainability Statement not 
only considers all fully consolidated E.ON subsidiaries, but also key players in our upstream and 
downstream value chain. The respective chapters contain corresponding information where 
relevant. Adjustments to prior-year figures of a key performance indicator (“KPI”) are explained in 
footnotes. 
We explain in the respective chapters any sustainability KPIs that contain secondary-source or 
prior-year data. This applies in particular to our reporting on greenhouse gas emissions. We also 
use emission factors from external sources. The Climate Protection → chapter provides detailed 
information on the emission factors we used. The Sustainability Statement contains forward-
looking statements; actual results may differ from these statements. It does not, however, include 
disclosures that are classified and confidential within the meaning of ESRS 1 7.7 metrics are not, 
as a rule, subject to additional third-party verification within the meaning of ESRS 2 MDR-M para. 
77 (b). 
The Index to the Sustainability Statement → shows which ESRS disclosures are relevant for E.ON 
and where these disclosures are located. It also contains a list of data points that have been 
included by reference in other sections of the Combined Group Management Report. The 
Appendix to the Sustainability Statement → provides a list of all data points resulting from EU 
legislation listed in ESRS 2 Annex B. 
In the ESRS’s first clause, the European Commission establishes criteria that must be considered 
when preparing a Sustainability Statement pursuant to the CSRD. However, the interpretation of 
the ESRS’s formulations and terms is subject to uncertainty. The relevant chapters of this 
Sustainability Statement present our interpretation of the criteria.  
When this Sustainability Statement mentions sustainability or material sustainability 
topics/aspects it is referring to the material impacts, risks, and opportunities (“IROs”) that we 
identified in the materiality assessment. 

[page 83]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 83 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Sustainability Governance and Management 
Management’s Focus on Sustainability 
General Principles and Requirements 
In accordance with Principle 23 of the German Corporate Governance Code in the version dated 
April 28, 2022, the Corporate Governance Declaration is the central element of corporate 
governance reporting. The Corporate Governance Declaration ↗, which the E.ON SE 
Management Board and Supervisory Board issue annually in accordance with Sections 289f and 
315d of the HGB, contains more information. By contrast, this chapter exclusively contains 
disclosures required by the ESRS. 
In 2025 the Management Board consisted of five members of whom one was Chairman; the 
Supervisory Board had 16 members. Pursuant to E.ON SE’s Articles of Association, the 
Supervisory Board is composed of an equal number of shareholder and employee representatives. 
Women make up 40 percent of the Management Board since 2024. The proportion of women 
among the Supervisory Board’s shareholder representatives is 38 percent; the proportion for the 
Supervisory Board as a whole is 38 percent. All Supervisory Board members were independent at 
the end of the 2025 reporting year. 
When appointing members of the Management Board, the candidates’ outstanding professional 
qualifications, long-term leadership experience and past performance, as well as value-driven 
management shall be of paramount importance. Members shall be capable of taking forward-
looking strategic decisions. In particular, they should be capable of managing businesses 
sustainably and of ensuring that they are consistently focused on customer needs. The 
Management Board as a whole must have expertise and experience in the energy sector as well 
as in the fields of finance and digitization. The members of the Management Board shall be 
leaders and as such shall act as role models for the employees through their own performance 
and conduct. Energy industry and digitalization issues intersect with key sustainability topics, 
particularly in the context of climate protection, energy affordability, and security of supply, but 
also cybersecurity and dialog with policymakers. Attention shall also be paid to diversity when 
appointing members of the Management Board. For the Supervisory Board, diversity means, in 
particular, different complementary academic profiles, professional and personal experience, 
personalities, as well as internationality and a reasonable age and gender structure. To ensure 
sustainable corporate governance, the selection process also takes into account sustainability 
aspects that enable candidates to make strategic and operational business decisions. 
 
The Supervisory Board’s composition reflects the requirement that members have specific 
knowledge regarding the energy sector, the sales and customer business, as well as new business 
models, innovation and disruption, and regulated industries. Independence and diversity play a 
role as well. Alongside other extensive experience that must be represented on E.ON’s 
Supervisory Board, the following play a special role in the context of the Group’s material 
sustainability topics: 
• several years of experience in the strategic management or supervision of listed organizations 
• specific knowledge in the areas of new technologies, digitization. IT, and cybersecurity 
• specific knowledge of the functioning of the capital and financial markets 
• special knowledge of the application of accounting principles and internal control and risk 
management systems, and special knowledge and experience in auditing 
• specific knowledge in the field of sustainability, specifically regarding E.ON’s material IROs in 
the dimensions of environmental concerns (especially climate protection and the reduction of 
carbon emissions), employee and social concerns (especially occupational safety) as well as 
human rights 
• specific knowledge in the subject areas of human resources and cultural change as well as law 
and compliance 
The Supervisory Board believes that its current members meet the requirements of its 
competency profile; for example, about 80 percent of Supervisory Board members currently have 
sustainability competencies. 
Responsibility for Sustainability  
The E.ON Management Board defines our sustainability strategy and bears overall responsibility 
for our sustainability activities’ results. We have appointed a Chief Sustainability Officer (“CSO”) 
to manage and monitor sustainability activities throughout the Company. Our CSO is Leonhard 
Birnbaum, E.ON’s Chief Executive Officer. He informs the Management Board on a quarterly basis 
about important initiatives, developments, and KPIs; he likewise informs the Supervisory Board 
and its committees. 

[page 84]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 84 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The CSO chairs our Sustainability Council, which also consists of our CFO as well as 
representatives of various E.ON business units and corporate functions with expertise in 
sustainability issues. The Sustainability Council serves in particular as a forum for doing 
preparatory work for decisions by the Management Board and its members, sharing information, 
discussing progress made toward achieving our sustainability goals, and identifying new 
challenges. It provides advice on company policies related to sustainability issues and periodically 
assesses whether our sustainability strategy is aligned with our vision, corporate strategy, and 
brand identity. The council also works with outside stakeholders to help us forge new 
partnerships and consider different interests. The Sustainability Council met three times in 2025. 
The issues it discussed included E.ON’s annual ESG performance and measures for its further 
improvement. Climate policy and E.ON’s nature strategy were also on its agenda in 2025. 
The Management Board informs the Supervisory Board on a regular basis about the results of our 
sustainability activities. This also includes sustainability key performance indicators (“KPIs”) 
relevant for management control which are part of our Group-wide management system. This 
system encompasses financial and operating KPIs as well as specific sustainability KPIs. The 
Management Control System → chapter provides more information on this system’s structure 
and categories. In 2025, the Supervisory Board was informed at a separate event about the 
CSRD’s contents and related current developments. In addition, the Supervisory Board took new 
laws and the findings of the materiality assessment conducted in connection with the preparation 
of E.ON’s sustainability reporting as an opportunity to review and adjust its diversity concept and 
competency profile. 
The Supervisory Board’s Innovation and Sustainability Committee advises the Management Board 
on market developments and innovations. The committee also advises the Supervisory Board and 
the Management Board on environmental, sustainability, and social issues. In 2025 the 
Innovation and Sustainability Committee focused in particular on E.ON’s long-term scenario 
planning, which, by factoring in current regulatory and policy decisions, provides a robust 
planning basis for E.ON. These decisions are also addressed in the Energy Playbook E.ON 
published in 2025, which underscores the relevance of a sustainable energy future for Europe.  
The Supervisory Board’s Audit and Risk Committee concerns itself, among other things, with the 
Sustainability Statement. The committee was informed on a quarterly basis about key 
sustainability topics, particularly in the context of sustainability reporting. It is regularly informed 
on the latest findings regarding the CSRD’s transposition into German law, its impact on Group 
companies, and the status of implementing its requirements in the E.ON Group. The Supervisory 
Board’s role relating to the CSRD was another focus topic. Furthermore, the committee assigned 
to the independent auditor the task of conducting the voluntary audit of E.ON SE’s and the E.ON 
Group’s combined Non-financial Statement as well as the audit of mandatory non-financial 
disclosures in accordance with the EU Taxonomy Regulation. The committee also assigned the 
task of the sustainability auditor’s audit services in the event of Germany’s anticipated 
transposition into law of European sustainability reporting requirements. 
Alongside their own expertise, the committees— through the Management Board— have access to 
the expertise of relevant departments on topics such as sustainability strategy and reporting as 
well as occupational safety and cybersecurity. 
The Strategy & Sustainability division is involved in all aspects of our strategic sustainability 
activities. Together with the Sustainability Council, it also supports our business units in achieving 
their sustainability targets. Group Accounting organizes and coordinates Group-wide 
sustainability reporting. The Supervisory Board receives reports on both functions’ activities on a 
regular basis. Both functions also advise our employees in order to raise awareness of 
sustainability topics across the organization. They receive support in this from other specialist 
departments. These departments provide information and advice to the Management Board and 
Supervisory Board and also ensure that material impacts, risks, and opportunities are managed 
through other processes. An example of this is the requirement for our central Health & Safety 
department to be involved in M&A activities. Sustainability has also played an integral role in the 
E.ON Group’s risk management and internal control system for many years. Similarly, controlling 
serves to integrate relevant KPIs and targets, particularly those relating to our climate protection 
targets and decarbonization strategy, into our reporting and planning processes. 

[page 85]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 85 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Sustainability in Compensation 
The presentation of the compensation system and the current Compensation Report ↗ provide 
comprehensive commentary on the principles and structure of the compensation of the E.ON SE 
Management Board and Supervisory Board. 
The Management Board’s compensation represents an important governance element for the 
implementation of corporate strategy. Management Board compensation is linked to E.ON’s 
performance to a high degree and has a clear pay-for-performance orientation. The compensation 
system provides an incentive for successful and sustainable corporate governance— which also 
takes into account the ESG aspects relevant to E.ON— and links Management Board members’ 
compensation to the Company’s short-term and long-term performance. In designing and 
determining Management Board compensation, the Supervisory Board follows in particular the 
following principles: promote the corporate strategy, conformity with regulatory requirements, 
appropriateness of compensation, pay-for-performance, long-term business development, 
sustainability, and consideration of shareholder interests. 
The Supervisory Board as a whole is responsible for determining the compensation system as 
well as the level and structure of Management Board compensation. The compensation system 
for the members of the Management Board is determined by the Supervisory Board in accordance 
with Section 87, Paragraph 1, and Section 87a, Paragraph 1 of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(German acronym: “AktG”) on the basis of a proposal by the Executive Committee. After the 
Supervisory Board passes this resolution, the compensation system is submitted to the Annual 
Shareholders Meeting for approval. The Supervisory Board reviews the compensation system’s 
structure, the appropriateness of total compensation, and the individual compensation 
components on a regular basis in accordance with the AktG’s requirements and the German 
Corporate Governance Code’s recommendations. In the event of significant changes, but at least 
every four years, the compensation system is resubmitted to the Annual Shareholders Meeting 
for approval. 
In accordance with the compensation system presented to the Annual Shareholders Meeting, the 
Supervisory Board sets the specific target compensation for members of the Management Board 
for each fiscal year. Furthermore, the Supervisory Board sets the target values for the upcoming 
fiscal year that are used to measure the Management Board’s performance for the performance 
criteria defined in the compensation system. 
Management Board compensation consists of non-performance-based and performance-based 
compensation components. The performance-based components consist of a base salary, fringe 
benefits, and a pension substitute, while the performance-based components include the annual 
bonus and long-term variable compensation in the form of the E.ON performance plan. In 
addition, other compensation provisions exist for Management Board members, including share 
ownership guidelines and malus and clawback provisions.  
Overall, the compensation system is based on transparent, performance-related parameters 
geared toward the Company’s success and aims to offer competitive and performance-oriented 
compensation in line with the market. The Supervisory Board also ensures that the compensation 
system for the Management Board and executives provides uniform incentives for the joint 
implementation of the corporate strategy and pursues the same objectives. 
Sustainability is incorporated into Management Board’s compensation system by means of Net 
Promoter Score (“NPS”) and the agreement of collective and individual targets in individual 
performance factors included in short-term variable compensation (annual bonus), but in 
particular also by means of the E.ON Sustainability Index in the long-term variable compensation 
(E.ON Performance Plan). The proportion of sustainability-related variable compensation in 
relation to total variable compensation for fiscal year 2025 amounted to 23 percent for the 
Management Board Chairman and likewise 23 percent for ordinary Management Board members. 
The proportion of climate-reduction target-related compensation in relation to total 
compensation for fiscal year 2025 amounted to 4 percent for the Management Board Chairman 
and 3 percent for ordinary Management Board members. 

[page 86]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 86 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The E.ON Sustainability Index is a component of the E.ON Performance Plan, long-term variable 
compensation that is allocated in annual tranches. The sustainability topics in this plan have 
comprehensible and measurable targets. For each tranche, the Supervisory Board determines the 
specific target values for each target and the respective target achievement curves for the 
tranche’s entire term. Target achievement is calculated individually for each target; maximum 
target achievement is 200 percent for each target. In determining the targets for the ninth 
tranche of the E.ON Performance Plan (2025– 2028), the Supervisory Board retained the E.ON 
Sustainability Index:  
• reduce carbon emissions (Scope 1 and 2) toward the Group’s target for 2030 
• increase the proportion of female executives toward the Group target by 2028 
• reduce the frequency of severe incidents and fatalities (“SIF”) 
Target achievement for the E.ON Sustainability Index can range from 0 percent to 200 percent 
(cap) and is calculated at the end of the performance period as average target achievement for the 
ESG aspects. Total target achievement of the E.ON Performance Plan is calculated as a weighted 
average of the target achievement for each performance criterion. 
Fulfilling Our Due Diligence Obligation 
E.ON uses various procedures to exercise due diligence in managing its sustainability aspects. We 
regularly review whether the measures we have developed are still fit for purpose and, if 
necessary, adjust them. The relevant chapters describe in detail the procedures we use to exercise 
due diligence for each issue. 
Due Diligence Obligation  Section in the Sustainability Statement 
Embedding due diligence in governance, 
strategy and business model 
 Sections “Sustainability Governance and Management” and 
“Strategy” in the following chapter: 
General Information→ 
Engaging with affected stakeholders in all 
key steps of the due diligence 
 Sections “Sustainability Governance and Management,” “Strategy,” 
“Materiality Assessment Process,” and “Stakeholder Engagement” 
in the following chapter: 
General Information →  
Section “Managing Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities” in the 
following chapters: 
Climate Protection →  
Biodiversity →  
Occupational Health and Safety →  
Energy Affordability →  
Security of Supply →  
Cybersecurity →  
Political Dialog →  
Identifying and assessing adverse impacts  Sections “Strategy” and “Materiality Assessment Process” in the 
following chapter: 
General Information →  
Taking actions to address those adverse 
impacts 
 Section “Managing Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities” in the 
following chapters: 
Climate Protection → 
Biodiversity → 
Occupational Health and Safety → 
Energy Affordability →  
Security of Supply → 
Cybersecurity → 
Political Dialog → 
Tracking the effectiveness of these efforts 
and communicating 
 Section “Targets and Metrics” in the following chapters: 
Climate Protection →  
Biodiversity →  
Occupational Health and Safety →  
Security of Supply →  
Energy Affordability →  
Cybersecurity → 
Political Dialog →  

[page 87]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 87 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Risk Management and Internal Controls for Sustainability Reporting 
The Internal Control System → chapter describes our understanding of risk management and 
internal controls over sustainability reporting (ESRS 2 GOV-5).  
Strategy 
Strategy, Business Model, and Value Chain 
Information on E.ON ’ strategy, business model, and value chain (ESRS 2 SBM-1) can be found 
under Corporate Profile in the Strategy and Targets →, Segment Information →, and  
EU Taxonomy → chapters. The Our Success Factors → chapter provides an overview of our 
employees by region. 
Material Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities and Their Interaction with 
Our Strategy and Business Model 
The double materiality assessment identified a total of 12 material impacts, risks, and 
opportunities (“IROs”). They can be assigned to five sustainability topics in accordance with the 
ESRS. The table below shows how the aspects required by the HGB are assigned to the report’s 
contents in accordance with the ESRS, including the identified material IROs. We identified 
climate protection as material issue within the meaning of Sections 289b to 289e of the HGB.  
The Strategy and Targets → chapter and the respective topic-specific chapters provide more 
information on our material topics, their interaction with our strategy and business model, and the 
resilience of our strategy and business model.  
We identified no material IROs that were assigned to the ESRS standards E2 Pollution, E3 Water 
and Marine Resources, E5 Resource Use and Circular Economy, S2 Workers in the Value Chain, 
and S4 Consumers and End Users. The next section on our materiality assessment contains 
information on changes in material IROs compared with the prior reporting year. 
HGB aspect  ESRS  Material IROs  Chapter 
Business model  ESRS 2 SBM-1    General Information → 
Environmental matters   ESRS E1   • Carbon Emissions from Power, Gas, 
and Heat Sales  
• Carbon Emissions from Power 
Distribution Network Losses 
• Connection of Renewable Generating 
Facilities as a Contribution to Carbon 
Reduction 
• Innovative solutions for a sustainable 
energy future 
• Creating Value by Investing in the 
Energy Transition 
 Climate Protection → 
   EU Taxonomy → 
ESRS E4  • Land use through new-build and 
Expansion Measures  
• Ecological Management of Existing 
Power Line Corridors 
 Biodiversity → 
Employee matters  ESRS S1  • Occupational Safety in the Energy 
Sector 
 Occupational Health and 
Safety → 
Human rights 
Social matters  
 Entity-specific  • Affordable and Future-proof Energy 
System 
 Energy Affordability → 
 
 ESRS S3  • Stable Grid Infrastructure for a 
Secure Energy Supply 
 Security of Supply →  
 Entity-specific  • Cybersecurity as the Foundation of 
Reliable Digital Infrastructure 
 Cybersecurity → 
Combating bribery and 
corruption 
 ESRS G1-5  • Dialog for a Sustainable Energy 
System 
 Political Dialog → 

[page 88]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 88 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Materiality Assessment Process 
The materiality assessment enables us to identify and evaluate the sustainability topics that are 
most important to us and our stakeholders. Pursuant to ESRS requirements, double materiality 
refers to the materiality of impacts on the environment and society, and of financial impacts (risks 
and opportunities) on the Company. A sustainability topic therefore fulfills the criteria of double 
materiality if it is material either from an impact perspective or from a financial perspective or 
from both of these perspectives. The Sustainability Statement contains information on the ESG 
topics that the materiality assessment deemed to be particularly material. The process has the 
following steps: 
Understand E.ON’s Business Model, Value Chain, and Main Stakeholders 
The first step was to identify fully consolidated business activities and relationships, relevant 
resources, and countries. We then identified these business activities’ entire relevant value 
chain— that is, upstream and downstream activities— as well as activities in our own business 
operations. We analyzed all business divisions and their key activities in detail. For example, we 
also took into account the fact that the value chains of our power and gas activities differ and 
respectively procure different goods and services from different countries. This enabled us to 
ensure that in our subsequent identification and evaluation we factored in regional differences 
and valued different business divisions’ assets separately. The next step was to examine whether 
E.ON has any not fully consolidated subsidiaries that have different business activities that need 
to be accounted for separately. Finally, relevant specialist departments helped identify key 
stakeholder groups. E.ON did not actively involve external stakeholders in the materiality 
assessment, because our specialist departments conduct extensive dialog with identified 
stakeholder groups during the year (see, for example, the “Stakeholder Engagement” section 
below). Instead, representative specialist departments assumed the position of the respective 
stakeholder group in the validation phase of the assessment. 
Identify IROs 
E.ON first gathered information and evidence on potentially material topics. We consulted a 
variety of sources, including regulations (particularly the ESRS, namely ESRS 2, Appendix A), 
sustainability reporting standards, risk indices, sector-specific criteria, ESG ratings, and peers. 
These were then compared and combined with our existing material topics and collated. Relevant 
central specialist departments and our regional units’ ESG reporting experts reviewed this long 
list— which is a list of potential sustainability topics and/or impacts, risks, and opportunities 
(“IROs”)— and checked it for completeness. Additions proposed by the specialist departments and 
units were included for further analysis and added to the long list. Including the units enabled us 
to ensure that we not only considered regional particularities but also benefited from operational 
expertise. Supported by specialist departments (among others: Sustainability, HR, Health & 
Safety, Governmental Affairs), we then compiled an overview of possible material sustainability 
aspects. We divided them into impacts on people or the environment, risks, and opportunities and 
reviewed in which of E.ON’s business divisions they occur or could occur. We also differentiated 
by power and gas. Impacts can be positive or negative, actual or potential. Sustainability aspects 
that create risks or opportunities that have or are expected to have a material financial impact on 
E.ON are deemed material from a financial perspective. We considered short-, medium-, and 
long-term time horizons. In addition, we included not only our own business activities, but also 
our upstream and downstream value chain. Our identification of risks and opportunities also takes 
into account potential dependencies on natural, human, and social resources as well as their 
availability and quality.  
We used a variety of topic-specific processes to identify material impacts (IROs) relevant for 
E.ON. The Climate Protection → chapter and Risks and Opportunities Report → describe these 
processes for climate change, such as scenario analyses of physical and transitory climate risks. 
We used, among other things, a biodiversity impact assessment to identify and assess our 
material dependencies and IROs relating to biodiversity. The Biodiversity → chapter describes the 
assessment’s methodology and a summary of its findings. E.ON used insights gained from 
existing processes— such as environmental management systems (ISO 14001) and risk 
management— to address specific requirements for the aspects of pollution, water and marine 
resources, biodiversity and ecosystems, as well as resource use and circular economy. We 
identified relevant site-specific environmental aspects throughout the life cycle and assessed the 
resulting local opportunities and risks. The environmental management system includes dialog 
with affected communities, for example by means of consultation processes. We worked closely 
with relevant specialist departments for sustainability, HR, Health & Safety, and the business 
divisions to identify social and human rights IROs. We drew in particular on the expertise of the 
Compliance and Government Affairs departments for governance topics. 

[page 89]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 89 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Assess IROs 
We defined an evaluation mechanism (which implements ESRS 1’s criteria) for the subsequent 
assessment of IROs. To ensure that the assessment by our specialist departments and units 
reflects the level of detail required by the ESRS, we have placed the criteria defined for IROs on a 
scale of 1 to 5 to use for assessing materiality. We conducted information events and explained 
the assessment mechanism described below so that everyone involved understands their tasks 
related to assessing IROs and so that we obtain meaningful results.  
The impacts were assessed by the responsible central specialist departments as well as regional 
sustainability strategy and ESG reporting experts, but also by other specialist departments at the 
units. They were able to base their assessment on, for example, regional sustainability strategies, 
findings from projects, cooperation with trade associations, regional requirements, and their own 
expert knowledge. To support the specialist departments and units in their assessment and to 
obtain comparable results, we provided additional guidance for how to apply each scale. This 
included a qualitative explanation for assessing the scale’s values. For example, in the assessment 
of the “Scale” criterion, 1 stood for “There is no or only minor damage or added value” and 5 for 
“The resulting damage or added value is extremely significant.” We did the same for the other 
criteria (scope, irremediable character, and likelihood), although the explanations for each scale of 
1 to 5 were adapted individually. Finally, we calculated mean values from the individual criteria; 
these mean values were then included in the assessment of the impact as an overall score. The 
units supplemented their quantitative assessment with a brief written explanation. 
Decentralized sustainability strategy and ESG reporting experts as well as other specialist 
departments (particularly the Risk function) likewise assessed the identified risks and 
opportunities to determine which sustainability aspects have or could have a material financial 
impact on E.ON. The extent of the potential financial impact was measured on a scale of 1 to 5. 
The general criteria and underlying thresholds (value classes) of the E.ON-wide enterprise risk 
management (“ERM”) process served as guidance for the assessment (the Risks and 
Opportunities Report → provides additional information on the methodology of E.ON’s risk and 
opportunities reporting system). ERM always subjects all risks and opportunities to a net risk 
assessment; that is, it factors in measures taken to avoid risks and realize opportunities. The 
decentral units were instructed to use, in particular, the ERM’s findings because E.ON has already 
integrated reporting on ESG-related non-financial risks, opportunities, and their impacts on the 
Group into the ERM. The ERM system identifies all ESG-related risks and opportunities; these are 
assessed each quarter as part of the ERM process. We are currently fine-tuning our approach. 
We are aiming for synergies between the Sustainability and Risk departments as well as the 
involvement of foresight teams. 
Due to the extensive knowledge gained from the implementation and risk analysis of the German 
Supply Chain Due Diligence Act, the units’ feedback on human rights issues was already available 
centrally. Central Supply Chain also supported the assessment of upstream IROs. The final step 
was to consolidate the specialist departments’ and decentral units’ feedback. 
In assessing IROs, we also considered potential impacts, risks, and opportunities relating to the 
dismantling of PreussenElektra’s nuclear power plants. Although together with local experts we 
have come to the conclusion that no aspects have been identified as material at the Group level, 
we delineate the basic processes below. The overriding principle for the planning and 
implementation of dismantling is to protect employees, the population, and the surrounding area. 
The requirements for safe working during dismantling are just as high as those for power 
operations. In other words, all work is carefully planned, supervised by radiation protection 
experts, and inspected by the regulatory agency’s independent experts or by PreussenElektra 
itself. After fuel elements have been removed and unloaded, only one percent radioactivity 
remains for a plant’s subsequent dismantling. To protect against this remaining radioactivity and 
to avoid a possible regional contamination of the environment— particularly of soil— we take 
extensive measures during dismantling to minimize radiation exposure, for example by means of 
primary circuit decontamination or remote dismantling under water. 
Define the Materiality Threshold and Validate the Material IROs 
E.ON defined a materiality threshold for the purpose of differentiating material IROs from those 
that are non-material. IROs that exceeded this threshold for one of the two perspectives (impact 
or financial perspective) were deemed material within the meaning of the ESRS. In consultation 
with the specialist departments involved, the threshold 3.0 on the assessment scale used was 
selected for IROs. This threshold was considered appropriate because it is exactly in the middle of 
the 1-to-5 scale and thus enables an objective differentiation between material and non-material 
aspects. We conducted workshops with the above-defined stakeholder groups’ in-house proxies 
for the purpose of validating the Group-wide assessment’s findings centrally and ensuring that 
the list of material IROs is correct and complete. Each stakeholder group could use a correction 
factor to adjust the findings. IROs ultimately deemed material during the validation process were 
assigned to topic clusters and to the relevant ESRS disclosure requirements. 

[page 90]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 90 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Our CEO and CFO then reviewed and approved the selection of the threshold, the topic clusters 
identified as material, and the resulting reporting obligations. In addition, we consulted the 
Supervisory Board’s Audit and Risk Committee prior to the Management Board’s final approval. 
There was also an information sharing about the materiality assessment with the Group Works 
Council and the European Works Council. 
E.ON conducted a comprehensive double materiality assessment for the ESRS’s initial application 
in 2024. The assessment reflected the above-described process. We review the materiality 
assessment’s findings annually to verify that the IROs identified as material remain current and 
relevant. In 2025 we focused in particular on clarifying and condensing our description of material 
IROs in order to avoid duplication. Feedback from internal stakeholders (such as the CEO, CFO, 
and Supervisory Board) and external stakeholders (by means of, for example, benchmarking 
analyses and peer comparisons) was also taken into account. The review resulted in three 
significant changes relative to the findings from 2024. Energy affordability is considered a 
company-specific issue, because it focuses on the energy system and digitalization rather than on 
individual customer groups. It is therefore no longer assigned to ESRS S4 Consumers and End 
Users. The material impacts assigned to the company-specific issue of sustainable financing are 
combined with the opportunity assigned to ESRS E1. Our adoption of a nature strategy in 2024 
and its rollout in 2025— which was accompanied, among other things, by the biodiversity impacts 
of the actions we had defined— have given us new insights, resulting in two additional impacts. 
Consequently, for 2025 E.ON reports for the first time on ESRS E4 Biodiversity and Ecosystems, 
thereby making use of transitional relief (see the delegated act amending the first set of the 
European Commission’s ESRS dated July 11, 2025). This relief completely suspends ESRS E4-
specific reporting requirements (with the exception of disclosures for phased-in disclosure 
requirements in accordance with ESRS 2.17) for fiscal year 2025. E.ON’s CEO and CFO gave final 
approval to the assessment’s findings. In addition, the Supervisory Board’s Audit and Risk 
Committee and the Group Works Council were informed. 
Stakeholder Engagement 
Stakeholder engagement is a key component of E.ON’s corporate governance. Mutually trustful 
relationships with our stakeholders form the basis of our strategic activities. We continually 
factor stakeholder expectations— alongside market requirements— into our selection and 
refinement of strategic priorities. Our materiality assessment also considered stakeholders’ 
interests.  
Our strategic orientation has three key components: growth, sustainability, and digitalization. The 
Strategy and Targets → chapter describes how our business divisions enable us to help make the 
transformation of Europe’s energy systems economically viable, to combine climate protection, 
economic growth, and social responsibility while helping secure the energy supply for society. 
Regular dialog with stakeholders provides important insights into the short- and long-term 
effects of our business activities and supports informed decision-making. In 2025, for example, 
we designed projects focusing on affordability, flexibility, and decarbonization, which have direct 
implications for our material topics of energy affordability and security of supply. At the regional 
level, too, our business units and regional companies are guided by the policies defined in our 
strategy and stakeholder work at the Group level. This allows them to fine-tune their regional 
strategies and address local interests, such as those arising through community management. 
Depending on the stakeholder and topic, we organize this dialog differently and select a format 
suitable to all sides. The dialog formats range from information campaigns and discussion forums 
with business associations and non-governmental organizations to in-person discussions and 
public lobbying. The information is shared in-house, for example with the Sustainability Council, 
so that that all responsible parties— from our operating business to our Supervisory Board— are 
informed about our stakeholders’ interests. We strive for continuous optimization to ensure that 
we process such information. In 2025 Group Sustainability put in place a stakeholder relationship 
management system to professionalize our information processing and the dialog with our 
stakeholders. It enables us to record interactions— particularly with non-governmental 
organizations (“NGOs”)— in a structured manner, evaluate them systematically, and thus 
purposefully manage our engagement. An overview of the dialog formats for the most relevant 
stakeholder groups is depicted below. 

[page 91]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 91 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Stakeholder  Engagement Formats 
End customers 
 
• Using Net Promoter Score (“NPS”) to assess customer satisfaction 
from direct interactions with customers at regional branch offices 
Employees 
 
• Town hall meetings for employees 
• Roadshows conducted by Management Board members and local 
information events 
• Discussions with employee representatives 
• Weekly Group-wide employee surveys 
• Conferences and discussion forums on occupational safety and 
inclusive culture 
• Information sharing on our intranet 
• Ongoing dialog between managers and employees 
Investors 
 
• Capital Market Days, roadshows, investor conferences 
• Bilateral exchanges with investors, and dialog with (ESG) rating 
agencies 
Suppliers and business partners 
 
• Supplier onboarding including suppliers’ confirmation of the supplier 
code of conduct 
• Extensive dialog with existing suppliers 
• Involvement in cross-sector supplier initiatives such as Germany’s 
Energy Industry Dialog 
Regions and communities 
 
• Our regional companies’ management of their municipal partners 
• Publication of safety tips, and voluntary social engagement by our 
regional companies and the E.ON Foundation 
Policymakers 
 
• Participation in relevant policy and legislative initiatives 
• Our Berlin and Brussels offices’ interactions with policymakers (either 
directly or indirectly through industry associations) 
Media, society, and general public 
 
• Dialog on the energy transition and developments in E.ON’s business 
by means of various formats for media representatives as well as social 
media, company websites, and events 
Non-governmental organizations and 
sustainability experts 
 
• Dialog and workshops with scientists and NGOs 
• Active participation in sustainability networks 
• Joint public positioning on issues, for example at panel events at the 
UN Climate Conference 

[page 92]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 92 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Climate Protection and Environment 
Climate Protection Climate protection is at the core of E.ON’s corporate strategy and is a key driver of sustainable 
value creation. E.ON’s investments to build green infrastructure, expand its energy networks, and 
electrify key industries and important infrastructure help lay the groundwork for a decarbonized 
future. Our aim is to use our business activities to help promote a sustainable energy supply and 
shape a future-proof, resilient energy world. Our decarbonization strategy provides the 
foundation. It defines target pathways and actions for the Company’s journey to climate 
neutrality. We are not only actively helping achieve our climate targets but also enhancing our 
role as a playmaker in the energy transition. 
Decarbonization Strategy 
E.ON’s strategic pathway to climate neutrality is based primarily on the following climate targets: 
E.ON aims for its Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions to be climate-neutral by 2040 and its Scope 3 
emissions by 2050. Our short-term climate targets for 2030 foresee a 50 percent reduction in 
Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions relative to a 2019 baseline. 
E.ON’s 2021 strategy update included the design of a carbon management plan that breaks down 
its Group-wide climate targets by business unit and covers Scope 1, 2, and 3. E.ON’s climate 
management plan is aligned with its climate targets for 2022 to 2030 and 2030 to 2040. Its 
purpose is to measure progress toward these targets separately for each of E.ON’s business units, 
factoring in the characteristics of their particular business, their strategic ambitions, and the 
climate policies of the country or countries where they operate. Examples include national targets 
for renewables growth, national climate neutrality targets, and support measures to achieve 
these targets. 
The transition to a carbon-neutral economy will require more joint efforts by all energy producers 
and consumers. It also offers energy suppliers the prospect of expanding their business and 
adapting to this challenge. Many countries, communities, and companies are already focusing on 
climate-friendly energy generation and energy-efficiency measures to achieve their carbon-
reduction targets. E.ON’s strategic focus on customer solutions for the efficient use of energy and 
smart energy networks fully aligns its business model with these global demands. 
ESRS E1: Material Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities 
 
Carbon Emissions from Power, Gas, and Heat Sales 
Generating power and heat and consuming gas result in carbon emissions. At E.ON, these 
emissions arise in particular from the production of the power that E.ON purchases for its 
customers, from their use of the natural gas supplied to them, and from the generation of power 
and heat at E.ON’s own plants. 
 Short, medium, and long term  
 
Carbon Emissions from Power Distribution Network Losses 
The transmission of electrical energy results in physically induced network losses that reduce the 
energy supply’s efficiency. These losses must be offset by the generation of additional energy, 
which leads to higher carbon emissions. 
 Short term   
 
Connection of Renewable Generating Facilities as a Contribution to Carbon Reduction 
E.ON connects renewable generating facilities like wind and solar farms to its networks, enabling 
green power to be fed into these networks and ensuring that it reliably reaches customers. We also 
ensure that the solar power that our customers generate is integrated into the grid. These are ways 
that E.ON supports the use of sustainable energy sources and helps reduce carbon emissions. 
 Short and medium term  
 
Innovative Solutions for a Sustainable Energy Future 
E.ON helps its customers decarbonize by offering them innovative renewables-based products and 
solutions. We also enable cities, municipalities, as well as commercial and industrial customers to 
have a sustainable energy supply. 
  Short and medium term  
 
Creating Value by Investing in the Energy Transition 
E.ON is propelling Europe’s energy transition by making targeted investments in network 
expansion, digitalizing its energy infrastructure, and developing sustainable decarbonization 
solutions. E.ON is thus tapping into attractive sustainable growth businesses and strengthening its 
economic viability for the future. E.ON meets its investment needs in part by means of green 
financing instruments. 
 Medium and long term  
 Actual positive impact    Actual negative impact    Opportunity    Time horizon 
 Upstream value chain  Own business activities  Downstream value chain 
 

[page 93]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 93 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Climate protection’s integrality to E.ON’s corporate strategy is particularly evident in distribution 
networks. Distribution networks like E.ON’s form the foundation of the energy transition: they 
integrate renewables, connect producers and consumers, and manage complex energy flows in 
line with demand. The solutions offered by our Energy Infrastructure Solutions and Energy Retail 
business divisions help customers of all kinds use energy more efficiently, produce their own 
renewable or low-carbon energy, and thus reduce their carbon footprint. In addition, we support 
companies and communities in reducing their carbon emissions, connecting renewables to the 
network, and expanding their eMobility charging infrastructure. The contribution of E.ON’s 
business model to mitigate climate change is further underscored by the fact that E.ON is eligible 
for inclusion in indices and investment funds that meet the requirements of Article 12 of EU 
Regulation 2020/1818 with regard to minimum standards for EU climate transition benchmarks 
and Paris-aligned EU benchmarks. 
Scenario Analysis and Climate Resilience 
Safeguarding our facilities from the consequences of climate change and ensuring our business 
model’s climate resilience are economically relevant for sustainable, stable infrastructure. E.ON 
analyzes both physical risks (like natural catastrophes and extreme weather events) and 
transitional risks (like regulatory changes and carbon prices) and conducts scenario analyses. The 
latter serve to assess climate resilience as well as long-term business development and are based 
on international reference scenarios. These scenarios include the International Energy Agency’s 
(“IEA”) IEA STEPS, IEA SDS, and IEA NZE 2050 transition scenarios, a number of physical climate 
scenarios— Representative Concentration Pathway (“RCP”) 4.5, RCP 2.6, RCP 1.9, RCP 8.5)— and 
a scenario developed by E.ON.  
E.ON has developed a scenario analysis that describes the impact of three climate scenarios on 
the Company and on its individual business units through 2050. Scenario analyses are generally 
based on forward-looking information; actual findings may differ from those of the analysis. Our 
scenario has three reference scenarios: the conservative scenario foresees global warming above 
2°C, the ambitious scenario envisages warming below 2°C, and the fully target-oriented scenario 
limits warming to 1.5°C. In addition, we identified and assessed relevant business units using key 
value drivers and associated KPIs. We then developed the scenario analysis. It is based on the 
value drivers identified by the business units, a risk assessment, and an analysis of business 
impacts— such as seizing opportunities— to assess the Company’s ability to secure long-term 
profitability in the transition to a low-carbon future.  
The findings of the scenario analysis, which are consistent with our climate targets valid at the 
beginning of the reporting year which call for a complete decarbonization of our Scope 1 to 3 
emissions through 2050, show that our statements from 2024 remain valid. The findings for our 
most important business divisions are as follows: 
• Our electricity network business can, to a certain extent, absorb weather-related risks. 
Decarbonization increases risks for our gas network business. On balance, however, our 
network business benefits from the significant opportunities presented by massive 
electrification (such as the significant need for network expansion for renewable generating 
facilities and heat pumps).  
• Higher carbon prices on fossil fuels are accelerating the conversion from gas-based to 
electrified solutions, resulting in a greater reduction in carbon emissions. 
• The opportunities from electrification outweigh the risks for our gas commodity business, while 
volatility remains a source of risk in all three scenarios. 


[page 94]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 94 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
• The risks of a mismatch between our solutions portfolio and our customers’ ESG needs are 
outweighed by the opportunities arising from the expansion of our current portfolio of 
decarbonization solutions. 
• The electrification of transportation and the growth of solar energy offer significant 
opportunities, although a future shortage of raw materials could become an important problem. 
The analysis shows that extreme weather conditions such as strong winds, heavy snowfall, and 
lightning strikes can particularly affect overhead lines in our power networks. We minimize and 
counteract these risks by maintaining our infrastructure on an ongoing basis. But we also have a 
crisis management plan in place to ensure our networks’ operation and continually optimize 
network management. This includes measures to ensure security of supply as well as plans for 
disconnecting and reconnecting loads, emergency plans, and alternative sources of supply to 
protect our infrastructure. These measures are designed to ensure our distribution network’s 
reliability even under extreme conditions; the Security of Supply → chapter provides more detail. 
Another way to protect against weather impacts is to lay power cables underground. Bayernwerk 
Netz, which operates in southeast Germany, is among the E.ON distribution system operators 
conducting such a project. Our planned investments through 2030 are aimed at modernizing our 
grids and making them more resilient to climate impacts. 
E.ON began rolling out a digital climate-risk tool in 2025 to systematize its long-term 
management of physical climate risks and embed this management throughout the organization. 
The tool is for analyzing future acute and chronic climate risks based on E.ON’s own assets. It can 
be used to run various World Climate Council climate scenarios (SSP1-2.6, SSP2-4.5, SSP5-8.5) 
as well as risk assessments for five-year periods starting in 2030. The tool is designed to help our 
business units make their energy networks and generating units resilient and take steps to adapt 
to climate change. 
The section entitled “ESG risks/opportunities” in the Risks and Opportunities Report → provides 
information on the current process and scenarios analyzed as part of physical climate risks (ESRS 
E1 para. 18-21). 
Managing Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities 
Climate Protection Policies 
E.ON views climate protection as integral to its business operations and as an important 
management task. Our Policy Statement obligates E.ON to consider climate protection in all 
business decisions. E.ON’s promise to use the best-possible technologies and procedures in its 
business processes highlights its ambition to reduce its climate impact and enhance its energy 
efficiency.  
Our actions are based on Group-wide guidelines for environmental, health, and safety aspects. 
These guidelines define ambitions and targets and apply to all parts of the Company. In addition, 
E.ON’s Environmental Protection Policy pursues a holistic approach along the entire value chain. 
The focus is on avoiding and reducing environmental impacts and offsetting unavoidable 
emissions. This includes ambitious climate targets and a Group-wide decarbonization strategy for 
monitoring progress on a regular basis. Assigning our sustainability and climate activities to our 
Strategy and Sustainability division places responsibility for implementation at the highest level—
with our CEO, who is also our Chief Sustainability Officer (“CSO”). To ensure transparency and 
oversight, information on progress toward our climate targets is first submitted to the CSO and 
the Sustainability Council for approval. The CSO chairs the Council and reports regularly to the 
E.ON Management Board on our progress in carbon management.  
The Group’s central Sustainability department takes the lead in developing and monitoring E.ON’s 
Group-wide climate targets for its decarbonization strategy and carbon management plan. The 
units are supported in their decarbonization efforts by their regional sustainability departments. 
The central Sustainability department is involved as well. It tracks the implementation of climate-
protection measures, helps design energy-efficiency measures, and shares ideas and best 
practices. This setup has enabled E.ON to make progress toward its company-wide reduction 
targets for direct and indirect emissions since the targets were adopted. 
The central teams of the Sustainability department and the Controlling & Risk department have 
worked together to systematize the management of E.ON’s climate-related risks as well. This 
involved further embedding climate-risk reporting into Group-wide risk management. The “ESG 
risks/opportunities” section of the Risks and Opportunities Report → provides additional 
information. 

[page 95]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 95 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Actions 
E.ON has designed a decarbonization plan for the purpose of specifying measures to achieve its 
climate targets. The plan describes the main levers for our Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 
emissions. It takes into account currently known major sources of carbon emissions, and we do 
not expect to add any other sources in the future. 
Reducing Scope 1 Emissions  
Fugitive methane emissions from our gas distribution networks account for a large proportion of 
our Scope 1 emissions. We can minimize these emissions (by, for example, using innovative leak-
detection technologies), but can never completely prevent them. We are gradually replacing other 
sources of fugitive emissions, such as the use of SF6 to insulate switching equipment, with 
climate-friendly substitutes.  
Alongside fugitive gases, emissions from our own fossil-fueled power generation account for 
another significant portion of our Scope 1 emissions. The transition plan foresees gradually 
replacing power and heat output from gas-fired power plants owned and controlled by us with 
output from renewable energy sources. Existing plants will therefore require significant 
conversion. E.ON will shut down its remaining coal-fired heat generation plants by 2030 and, at 
the same time, decarbonize other types of fossil-fueled generation. E.ON closed all its coal-fired 
power plants in Germany in 2025 or converted them to alternative fuels. Furthermore, we are 
aiming for complete electrification of the passenger car fleet by 2030. We also aim to fully 
electrify our company car fleet by 2030. 
In addition, we intend to purchase power and gas for use in our buildings from renewable energy 
sources or produced locally from green sources. A roadmap specifies other measures, such as 
energy-efficient building insulation designed to minimize E.ON buildings’ energy consumption. 

[page 96]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 96 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Reducing Scope 2 Emissions  
E.ON’s indirect emissions from its own business activities are almost exclusively attributable to 
losses in power transmission and distribution in E.ON’s power networks. These emissions are 
lower in network segments with high renewables feed-in. Continually connecting more 
renewable energy sources to electricity networks increases the flow of green electricity and thus 
reduces emissions from network losses. 
In general, network losses vary in proportion to grid length. E.ON is therefore expanding its 
network and also pursuing various approaches to reducing network losses. Technical losses can 
be reduced through network optimization. For this purpose, we are upgrading our networks using 
smart-grid technology (the Security of Supply → chapter contains more information). This enables 
the lines and transformers to adapt— in many cases automatically— to the actual production and 
consumption in a given grid segment. However, technical losses can only be reduced to a certain 
extent owing to the physical attributes of power grids. Absent market-based greening 
mechanisms recognized by regulatory agencies, E.ON is reliant on the progressive 
decarbonization of the national energy generation mix. Alongside technical losses there are also 
commercial losses, which result primarily from theft.  
Reducing Scope 3 Emissions  
Scope 3 are indirect emissions that occur upstream and downstream along E.ON’s value chain. 
They result primarily from the generation of the electricity the Company purchases and resells to 
its customers and the use of the gas sold to them. Consequently, the steadily increasing share of 
renewable energy sources in the various national electricity mixes contributes significantly to the 
reduction of our Scope 3 emissions. Scope 3 also includes additional emissions that arise, for 
example, during the production of goods procured by E.ON. Our transition plan foresees achieving 
our Scope 3 decarbonization targets in part by using sustainable products to transform our 
customers’ energy requirements. We actively support our customers in switching from gas to 
green, energy-efficient solutions like heat pumps as well as solar and PV systems. We are also 
expanding our range of green energy contracts for our customers in order to reduce Scope 3 
emissions. 
E.ON’s investment program also contributes to the holistic decarbonization of our business: we 
plan to invest a total of €4 8 billion in the energy transition from 2026 through 2030. This is 
intended to accelerate the expansion and digitalization of our energy infrastructure and the 
development of decarbonization solutions. Around € 40 billion of these investments is supposed 
to go toward our energy networks, €5 billion toward our energy infrastructure business, and €2. 5 
billion toward our energy retail business. No investments in coal- and oil-based activities are 
planned. Only limited funds will be invested in transitional technology for natural gas. Because 
100 percent of our taxonomy-eligible investments are already taxonomy-aligned, our transition 
plan foresees no specific measures to increase Taxonomy alignment. In principle, E.ON aims to 
maintain over 95 percent taxonomy compliance, particularly with regard to its total investments. 
E.ON generates the majority of its external sales from the sale of power and gas to end-
customers. The EU Taxonomy does not cover these activities, and we therefore do not place a 
strategic focus on them. The EU Taxonomy →, Financial Situation →, and Forecast Report → 
chapters as well as Note 14 → to the Consolidated Financial Statements contain more information 
about our investments and their development. 
Measures for Achieving Complete Climate Neutrality 
Under E.ON’s holistic climate strategy, decarbonization measures follow a hierarchy: avoidance 
and reduction of emissions in our own value chain have priority. Only as a last resort does E.ON 
fund measures to avoid or eliminate emissions outside its value chain by purchasing voluntary 
carbon certificates. Their purpose is to make a financial contribution to climate protection. The 
associated projects are often located in developing and emerging countries. E.ON currently uses 
emissions certificates to offset emissions at the product level and at the present time does not 
factor the amounts offset into its climate targets.  
Another element of this strategy is E.ON’s partnership with the LEAF Coalition, which has been in 
place since 2021. LEAF, which stands for “Lowering Emissions by Accelerating Forest finance,” is 
the largest public-private initiative against the deforestation of tropical rainforests. Participants 
include the governments of Norway, the United Kingdom, the United States, and South Korea, as 
well as more than 20 companies. LEAF’s carbon offset certificates aim to finance the protection 
of these forests and to support sustainable management approaches that closely involve 
policymakers and local stakeholders. 

[page 97]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 97 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Targets and Metrics  
Carbon Emissions 
Climate Protection Targets 
E.ON pursues the long-term target of achieving climate neutrality for its Scope 1 and Scope 2 
emissions by 2040 and for its Scope 3 emissions by 2050. In addition, E.ON’s short-term climate 
targets for 2030 envisage a 50 percent reduction in Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions relative to a 
2019 baseline. The year 2019 can be deemed representative of market and weather conditions 
(energy demand, average temperatures). For this reason, E.ON defines both its long-term and 
short-term climate targets relative to 2019. 
The climate targets were set in line with E.ON’s strategic orientation. The E.ON Management 
Board last reviewed and reaffirmed the climate targets set in 2020 in 2024 and adjusted them in 
relation to E.ON’s short-term climate targets for 2030
14. E.ON’s achievement of its Scope 1 and 2 
climate targets for 2030 is factored into the Management Board’s compensation system by 
means of the E.ON Sustainability Index. 
In 2022 the Science Based Target initiative (“SBTi”) validated that E.ON’s current near-term 2030 
climate targets are consistent with the Paris Agreement’s 1.5°C target. This means that E.ON’s 
planned Scope 1 and 2 emissions reductions accord with a global emissions-reduction pathway 
that limits global warming to 1.5°C relative to preindustrial levels. The climate scenarios used for 
this assessment are global, sector-specific climate scenarios from the International Energy 
Agency (IEA, B2DS 2017) and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC, Global 
warming of 1.5°C, 2018). We plan to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 as well as our Scope 3 emissions 
by at least 50 percent (using the location-based approach) by 2030. In addition, we intend to 
reduce Scope 3 emissions from the resale of power to end-customers by 75 percent per kWh by 
2030 (intensity target).  
E.ON’s additional long-term climate targets are geared toward the European Union’s climate-
neutrality target, which is derived from the Paris Climate Agreement and can therefore generally 
be assumed to be science-based. Accordingly, E.ON plans to reduce its GHG emissions over the 
long term and thus to achieve climate neutrality in Scope 3 by 2050 and, furthermore, to be 
climate-neutral in Scope 1 and 2 even earlier, namely in 2040. Our reduction pathway foresees 
reducing our Scope 1 and 2 emissions by at least 90 percent by 2040 and likewise our Scope 3 
emissions by at least 90 percent by 2050. Both targets provide for offsetting any residual 
 
14 E.ON bases its definition and evaluation of its own climate targets on current scientific findings regarding climate change s cenarios and their methodological classification by recognized organizations such as the SBTi. Statements regarding the achie vement of the 1.5° target are subject 
to corresponding inherent uncertainties arising from forward-looking information and underlying assumptions. 
emissions in the target year. We validate our decarbonization pathway annually and publish the 
findings. The baseline year for the annual validation of our 2040 climate targets is likewise 2019.  
E.ON systematically monitors its progress toward achieving its long-term targets (see also the 
Strategy and Targets → chapter). It is important to remember that year-on-year comparisons of 
energy consumption can be affected by temporary fluctuations caused by weather patterns and 
other factors. A period of several years is necessary to determine whether E.ON’s actions are 
effective and where we stand with regard to our targets. Since 2016 we have therefore assessed 
the trend in more detail every three years. The trend indicated that, so far, the reduction rate is in 
line with the forecasts. The adoption of our carbon management plan in 2022 (see the 
“Decarbonization Strategy” section above) enabled us to refine this process by setting reduction 
rates for our individual business units as well. The units have to conduct controls on an annual 
basis so that we can see more exactly whether we are making progress along the prescribed path. 
In addition, each unit has the authority to pursue its own reduction targets that go beyond the 
target for E.ON as a whole. The Group provides strategic recommendations for action for this 
purpose. 
Methodology 
In line with ESRS E1 requirements, E.ON calculates its emissions using the globally recognized 
WRI/WBCSD Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (“GHG 
Protocol”) for the now seven GHGs covered by the Kyoto Protocol: carbon dioxide (“CO
2”), 
methane (“CH4”), nitrous oxide (“N2O”), hydrofluorocarbons (“HFCs”), perfluorocarbons (“PFCs”), 
sulfur hexafluoride (“SF6”) and also nitrogen trifluoride (“NF3”). CO2 is by far our biggest GHG. 
Other GHGs like SF6 and CH4 contribute to E.ON’s climate impact. But they account for a much 
smaller share of our GHG emissions than CO2. Global warming potential (“GWP”) indicates how 
much GHGs affect global warming over a period of time compared with CO2. All GHG emissions 
can be expressed as CO2 equivalents (“CO2e”) and therefore be accounted together. 

[page 98]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 98 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Scope 1 includes all direct GHG emissions from fuels that are directly related to our business 
activities. Emissions from power and heat generation were primarily due to our distributed 
combined heat and power (“CHP”) plants. We have made our reporting of Scope 1 emissions from 
power and heat generation, among other things, in leased plants more transparent by now 
reporting emissions from downstream plants leased by us as Scope 3 emissions. These are plants 
that we installed at customers’ premises and that they operate as lessees for their own 
consumption or plants for which the customers define output based on their own needs (in line 
with their production plan) and have operational control. 
Scope 2 are indirect GHG emissions from the generation of electricity that the Company 
purchases to power its buildings, operations, and electric vehicles or that is classified as network 
losses in its power distribution networks. These emissions do not physically occur at E.ON’s 
facilities but rather at an earlier link in the value chain where the electricity is generated. This is 
why power distribution losses are classified as Scope 2 emissions but gas distribution losses as 
Scope 1 emissions. We calculate Scope 2 emissions using a location-based method and a market-
based method. For its own management decision-making, E.ON uses the figure determined by 
the location-based method, which is based on the respective national generation mix. The 
market-based method yields a different figure because it is based on the contractually 
attributable generation mix of the Company’s electricity suppliers. However, the effort required to 
identify every single provider that feeds electricity into each of E.ON’s networks would be 
considerable. We therefore use the emission factor of each country’s residual generation mix. In 
most cases, this factor is significantly higher than the factor of the national generation mix. This 
mix encompasses a combination of energy sources that remain after primary demand has been 
met and may include fossil fuels as well as renewable energy sources. Alongside ESRS E1 
requirements, we use the Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard to 
calculate Scope 3 emissions. It defines 15 Scope 3 categories. E.ON conducts an analysis to 
identify the Scope 3 categories that are significant for the Group. We define as material those 
categories that account for more than 10 percent of E.ON’s Scope 3 footprint. These are E.ON’s 
emissions from the generation of power that the Company buys and sells to its customers 
(activities related to fuels and energy that are not included in Scope 1 or Scope 2) and from the 
use of gas sold by E.ON to its customers (use of products sold). 

[page 99]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 99 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
In addition, E.ON reports Scope 3 emissions from purchased goods and services including capital 
goods, downstream leased assets, business travel, employee commuting, and leased vehicles 
(upstream leased assets). These are below the materiality threshold set by E.ON and are also not 
considered for management purposes but are relevant for many stakeholders (such as our 
employees) and are therefore reported voluntarily. For the E.ON Group, the remaining seven 
categories— upstream transportation and distribution, waste generation in operations, 
downstream transportation, processing of sold products, end-of-life treatment of products, 
franchises, and investments— are below the materiality threshold due to E.ON’s business model 
and are therefore not reported. 
E.ON procures its power mainly from wholesale markets where the source of generation is often 
not traceable or information about the source is not reliable. When primary data is unavailable or 
of insufficient quality, the GHG Protocol recommends calculating emissions by using secondary 
data, such as industry-average data or government statistics. We therefore calculate the Scope 3 
emissions from the generation of this power by using the official national emission factors of the 
countries in which we purchase power resold to end-customers.  
Furthermore, we also use market-based methods to calculate the emissions of power resold to 
end-customers. The Company can actively influence this figure by selling green power. This 
figure is therefore relevant for management control purposes. 
The proportion of E.ON’s market-based Scope 3 emissions calculated on the basis of primary data 
totaled almost 96 percent in 2025 (location-based: 48 percent).  
We have not identified any non-fully consolidated entities that must be included in our GHG 
emissions reporting pursuant to ESRS requirements. Our carbon footprint therefore encompassed 
fully consolidated subsidiaries.  
Metrics 
Our direct and indirect CO
2e emissions totaled 63.59 million metric tons in 2025; of these, 3 
percent were direct Scope 1 emissions, and 97 percent were indirect Scope 2 and 3 emissions. 
Scope 1 emissions were 6 percent below the prior-year level; indirect emissions declined by 
around 3 percent. The emissions figures relevant for management control purposes were used for 
these calculations: location-based Scope 2 emissions and market-based Scope 3 emissions. 
E.ON’s Scope 1 emissions amounted to 1.86 million metric tons of CO2e in 2025. They were thus 
lower than the prior-year figure of 1.98 million metric tons of CO2e. The decrease is mainly 
attributable to the fact that owned generation of heat declined year-over-year. The reduction in 
demand is attributable to a mild winter.  
We recorded location-based Scope 2 emissions of 3.35 million metric tons of CO2e in 2025. The 
8 percent reduction in location-based emissions from power network losses reflects improved 
country-specific emission factors. Network losses accounted for approximately 4 percent of the 
power E.ON distributed in 2025. 
E.ON reduced its location-based Scope 3 emissions— which always account for the largest share 
of its total carbon footprint— to 58.93 million metric tons in 2025. We recorded a significant 
reduction of 9 percent year on year, mainly because of the power and gas E.ON sells to end-
customers. The main factor was portfolio streamlining as part of our B2B strategy. The market-
based figure for Scope 3 emissions declined by about 2 million metric tons of CO2e for the same 
reason. Emissions in 2025 were around 50 percent below 2019 levels due to portfolio 
adjustments, mild weather, and crisis-related energy savings in prior years. These effects do not 
currently make it possible to draw any conclusions about our ability to achieve our Scope 3 
targets by 2030 or earlier. 

[page 100]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 100 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions   [+] 
Total CO₂ equivalents in million metric tons1,2  2025   2024  
Power and Heat Generation3,4,5  1.74   1.84  
Fugitive Emissions6  0.05   0.05  
Company-owned Vehicles  0.05   0.05  
Fuel Combustion7  0.02   0.04  
Scope 1 total  1.86   1.98  
Power Distribution Losses (location-based)8  3.10   3.38  
Power Distribution Losses (market-based)9,10  6.33   6.16  
Purchased Power (location-based)  0.25   0.28  
Purchased Power (market-based)  0.21   0.26  
Scope 2 total (location-based)  3.35   3.66  
Scope 2 total (market-based)  6.54   6.41  
Purchased Power sold to End-customers (location-based)8,11,12  28.03   33.08  
Purchased Power sold to End-customers (market-based)11,12  27.49   28.17  
Combustion of Natural Gas sold to End-customers11  26.74   27.84  
Purchased Goods and Services13  2.45   2.54  
Power and Heat Generation (leased assets)4  1.53   1.42  
Employee Commuting14  0.14   0.06  
Upstream Processes of Leased Assets (leased vehicles)  0.03   0.03  
Business Travel  0.01 15  0.01 16 
Scope 3 total (location-based)  58.93   64.97  
Scope 3 total (market-based)  58.38   60.06  
 
 
15 In fiscal year 2024, an incorrect allocation of location- and market-based values occurred. The presentation was corrected in fiscal year 2025. 
 
The ratio of location-based emissions intensity to net revenues is 0.82 metric tons of CO2e per 
thousand €  (2024: 0.88 metric tons of CO2e per thousand € ), the ratio of market-based emissions 
intensity is 0.85 metric tons of CO2e per thousand € (2024:  0.85 metric tons of CO2e per 
thousand €). 15 Revenues are equal to net sales excluding power and energy taxes as shown in the 
Consolidated Statement of Income →. 
The Annex to the Sustainability Statement → contains more details on progress toward achieving 
our climate targets, in particular regarding application requirement 48 with relation to disclosure 
requirement E1-6.  
1The Department for Energy Security and Net Zero (DESNZ, formerly DEFRA/BEIS), the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, the Överenskommelse 
Värmemarknadskommittén and the IPCC AR6 report were used as external sources for the global warming potential (GWP). The figures for Power 
and Heat Generation (Scope 1 and 3), Fuel Combustion (Scope 1), and Purchased Power (Scope 2) are partially based on previous-year values, 
which are used as approximations for the reporting year. 
2The table does not include carbon emissions from biogenic sources. Biogenic carbon emissions amounted to 2,254 kilotons of CO2 for Scope 1 
(2024: 2,203 kilotons of CO2) and 34.2 kilotons of CO2 for Scope 3 (2024: 4.4 kilotons of CO2). No reliable information on biogenic carbon 
emissions is currently available for Scope 2; they will be reported separately when data becomes available in the future. 
3From the 2025 reporting year onwards, natural gas combustion for heating technical facilities will no longer be reported under Fuel Combustion 
(Scope 1), but under Power and Heat Generation (Scope 1). The previous classification was based on a historically established definition; this 
adjustment now provides a clearer allocation of consumption within Scope 1. Without the technical facilities, the Fuel Combustion (Scope 1) value 
for 2024 would have been 0.02 million metric tons of CO2e. 
4 Emissions from electricity and heat generation are divided as follows: into emissions from plants owned and operated by E.ON (Scope 1), and 
emissions from plants leased to and operated by customers, or plants where the customer defines the production output based on their 
requirements (based on their production planning) and thus has operational control (Scope 3). 
5The Greenhouse Gas Protocol and the DESNZ do not attribute any direct CO2 emissions to energy generated in renewable energy plants and 
nuclear power plants. 
6To determine fugitive emissions related to gas distribution networks, a calculation tool is used that is based on recognized technical accounting 
methods and incorporates defined assumptions, which may partly be based on estimates. The tool is refined annually, and the underlying 
assumptions are increasingly supplemented with empirically derived data. 
7To heat buildings. 
8Based on the emission factors of the national electricity mixes for specific geographic regions (source: IEA). 
9Based on the emission factors of the national residual mixes for specific geographic regions. A country’s residual mix emission factor represents 
the emissions and generation that remain after certificates, contracts, and supplier-specific factors have been claimed and removed from the 
calculation (source: AIB). 
10Power distribution losses in Sweden were almost completely offset by the purchase of green electricity. 
11Scope 3 emissions from purchased power and the combustion of natural gas sold to end consumers (energy sold to our private and B2B 
customers) in accordance with the GHG Scope 3 Protocol. The emissions from the distribution losses of energy sold to distribution partners and 
the wholesale market are recorded accordingly under our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. 
12Includes the purchase of electricity at E.ON-owned and publicly accessible charging stations. 
13Including capital goods. Figure is based on E.ON-specific purchasing data as well as data from secondary sources. 
14The increase results from updates to the calculation parameters. 
15This figure includes compensation of around 1.41 tons of CO2, which has not been deducted from the stated value.  
16This figure includes compensation of around 814 tons of CO2, which has not been deducted from the stated value.  

[page 101]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 101 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Energy Consumption and Mix 
E.ON consumed 16 million MWh of energy in 2025, of which renewable energy accounted for 
45 percent. In line with E.ON’s business model, all Group activities are assigned to the energy 
supply sector, which the ESRS define as a sector with a high climate impact, because E.ON’s three 
business divisions are active in energy distribution, sales, and generation. In addition, E.ON has 
water-supply activities, which are also defined as a sector with a high climate impact. The ratio of 
E.ON’s energy intensity to net revenues is 0.20 MWh per thousand €  (2024: 0.21 MWh per 
thousand € ).  
E.ON produced a total of 13 million MWh of energy in its own generating units in 2025 (2024: 13 
million MWh), 6 million MWh of which was renewable energy (2024: 6 million MWh). 
Energy Consumption and Mix1   
Megawatt hours in millions  2025   2024  
Fuel consumption from coal and coal products  0.39   0.43  
Fuel consumption from crude oil and petroleum products  0.17   0.21  
Fuel consumption from natural gas  5.63   6.02  
Fuel consumption from other fossil sources  2.25   2.35  
Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, steam, and cooling from 
fossil sources  0.44   0.48  
Total fossil energy consumption  8.88   9.49  
Share of fossil sources in total energy consumption (%)  55   57  
Consumption from nuclear sources  0.02   0.03  
Share of nuclear sources in total energy consumption (%)  0   0  
Fuel consumption from renewable sources, including biomass  7.04   6.94  
Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, steam, and cooling from 
renewable sources  0.11   0.10  
The consumption of self-generated non-fuel renewable energy  0.00   0.01  
Total renewable energy consumption  7.15   7.05  
Share of renewable sources in total energy consumption (%)  45   43  
Total energy consumption  16.06   16.56  
    
1The figures are partially based on previous-year values, which are used as approximations for the reporting year.  
 
Carbon Credits 
As already described, E.ON finances measures to avoid or remove emissions by purchasing 
voluntary carbon credits. 
Given voluntary carbon markets’ strategic importance, beginning in 2021 E.ON developed a 
strategy for purchasing voluntary carbon certificates. It includes a minimum quality standard for 
certificates purchased, which we review and update on a regular basis. The standard contains, for 
example, guidelines on verification mechanisms, certificate age, and project types. E.ON 
sharpened its focus on certificate quality by beginning to work with Sylvera, a carbon data 
platform and due diligence provider, in 2024.  
Current projects are shown in the table below. It provides an overview of carbon credits used in 
the reporting year (“carbon credits retired”) and carbon credits to be used in the future that have 
already been purchased (“carbon credits still to be retired”). Retiring certificates means recording 
their use in the associated public carbon credit register. 
Carbon Credits       
Total CO₂ equivalents in metric tons  2025   2024  
Carbon credits retired in the reporting year  3,167.68   672.06  
Share of removal credits in %  0   0  
Share of avoidance credits in %  100   100  
Share of Gold Standard in %  73   82  
Share of Plan Vivo in %  0   0  
Share of Verra in %  22   18  
Share of other certification mechanisms in %  5   0  
Share of projects in the EU in %  0   0  
Outlook       
Carbon credits to be retired in the future  420.61   925.07  
 
In the case of retired credits, we also disclose the type of project the credits are based on. We 
distinguish between reduction and removal projects: removal projects actively remove emissions 
from the atmosphere. Reduction projects, by contrast, avoid emissions compared with an 
alternative scenario in which the project is not carried out. Reduction projects, such as forest-
protection projects, account by far for the largest share of the voluntary carbon credit market. 
E.ON currently procures a higher proportion of credits from reduction projects than to removal 
projects. Reduction projects are also subdivided according to the certification mechanisms on 
which they are based. These mechanisms apply different validation and certification standards for 
carbon credit projects. 

[page 102]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 102 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
E.ON purchases smaller quantities of removal credits and does not record any carbon removals 
from projects within its own value chain. In addition, carbon credits with a corresponding 
adjustment (“CA”) label can be purchased on the market. A CA is a mechanism to prevent double 
counting of emissions reductions and removals in international transfers of carbon credits in the 
accounts of the country of origin and the purchasing organization. The market for CA credits is 
still in its early stages, which is why E.ON has not yet purchased any carbon credits with a CA. 
E.ON is not aware of any purchased projects that had reversals in the reporting year (cases in 
which a project’s carbon sink becomes a source of emissions, such as through forest fires). 
Internal Carbon Pricing 
A monetary assessment of future GHG emissions or avoidance— known as internal carbon pricing 
(“ICP”)— can be used to make business activities more sustainable and propel progress toward 
GHG neutrality. ICP can be used to assess future projects’ financial impact on the goal of GHG 
neutrality and the promotion of sustainable measures. ICP includes the shadow price, carbon 
taxes, internal emissions trading, and the implicit price. This makes it possible to assess the costs 
associated with GHG emissions and the promotion of low-carbon alternatives. 
E.ON does not use Group-wide ICP because of the diversity of its business models. The Energy 
Infrastructure Solutions business division, for example, uses a shadow price in investment 
decisions on new energy infrastructure assets. This relates to projects involving the construction 
and operation of power, heating, and cooling plants. Energy Infrastructure Solutions strives to be 
perceived as a pioneer for decarbonization solutions. Energy Infrastructure Solutions therefore 
invests primarily in sustainable new assets. Non-sustainable assets can pose a risk, because 
regulatory changes or changes in demand may necessitate their decommissioning before the end 
of their technical or contractual life. Energy Infrastructure Solutions’ investments must therefore 
meet certain sustainability criteria. If these criteria are not or only partially met, the business 
division’s Management Board must approve the investment. 
Sustainability criteria play a significant role in our calculation of capital costs and internal rate-of-
return thresholds. Our prioritization logic gives preference to projects that use renewable or 
hybrid systems. Solutions with less sustainable characteristics are subject to higher minimum 
return thresholds, which are priced in using a mark-up factor. Such solutions fall in particular in 
the Scope 1 and 3 category “Power and Heat Generation.” They totaled 1.74 million metric tons 
of CO
2e (93 percent of Scope 1 emissions) and 1.53 million metric tons of CO2e (3 percent of 
market-based Scope 3 emissions), respectively, in the reporting year.  
Avoided Emissions 
Avoided emissions are theoretically calculated GHG reductions that occur outside a company’s 
own accounting boundaries (that is, not in Scope 1 to 3) because its products, services, or 
solutions enable emissions reductions. They describe the positive climate effect achieved by using 
these solutions compared with a baseline scenario. Avoided emissions amounted to 117 million 
metric tons of CO₂e in 2025 (2024: 119 million metric tons of CO₂e). Using the updated 
methodology, the figure for 2024 would have been 97 million metric tons of CO₂e instead of 119 
million metric tons of CO₂e, as originally reported. This represents a difference of 22 million 
metric tons of CO₂e. The new methodology applies retroactively. Consequently, this adjusted 
comparative figure is presented here, even though the figure published in last year’s report 
remains unchanged. The year-over-year change reflects an adjustment to the KPI’s scope. It now 
includes only categories that fall under EU Taxonomy activity 4.9 (“electricity transmission and 
distribution”). The definitions of the remaining categories remain unchanged; only the number of 
categories included was reduced. This adjustment was made in consultation with the World 
Business Council for Sustainable Development (“WBCSD”) and was also harmonized with our 
Green Financing Framework. This ensures that this KPI meets the requirements of recognized 
frameworks as well as the requirements for green financing instruments. 
Share of Connected RES Capacity 
The “Share of connected RES capacity” is a KPI that measures the share of renewable energy 
sources (RES) capacity connected to E.ON’s network relative to the total connected generating 
capacity. It shows how E.ON helps integrate renewables into the network infrastructure. The 
share of connected RES capacity rose again in 2025 to 88 percent (2024: 86 percent). The 
increase results primarily from additional network connections for wind and solar facilities as well 
as investments in smart grids. 
Share of green power sales 
The share of green power sales measures the share of power sold that comes from renewable 
energy sources as a percentage of E.ON’s power sales to end-customers. Green power accounted 
for 47 percent of sales in 2025 (2024: 49 percent). The decrease is primarily attributable to 
portfolio effects in our B2B business in the United Kingdom and to lower sales volumes at our 
B2C business in Germany.

[page 103]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 103 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
EU Taxonomy  
General Principles 
In this chapter we illustrate E.ON’s contribution to the European Union’s environmental objectives 
by reporting the taxonomy-aligned and taxonomy-eligible portions of the EU Taxonomy’s key 
performance indicators (“KPIs”) that are relevant to E.ON’s business model. Economic activities 
that are taxonomy-eligible are considered environmentally sustainable if they make a substantial 
contribution to at least one of the six environmental objectives and at the same time do no 
significant harm (“DNSH”) to the achievement of the five other EU environmental objectives. In 
addition, E.ON complies with the minimum safeguards, which relate, among other things, to 
respect for human rights and anti-corruption. The six environmental objectives are: 
1. Climate change mitigation  
2. Climate change adaptation 
3. Sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources  
4. Pollution prevention and control  
5. Transition to a circular economy  
6. Protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems  
We identified our KPIs for taxonomy-eligible economic activities in accordance with the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2020/852), the current version of the delegated acts
16, 
and FAQ documents. However, these documents’ provisions, formulations, and terms are still 
subject to uncertainties of interpretation. E.ON already applies the delegated act (EU) 2026/73 
for 2025. We therefore adjusted our taxonomy-related reporting forms in the fiscal year and 
introduced a materiality principle.
 
16 Delegated Acts 2021/2178 (Disclosure Delegated Act), 2021/2139 (Environmental Objectives 1 to 2), 2022/1214 (Gas and Nuclear Energy), 2023/2486 (Environmental Objectives 3 to 6); 2023/2485 (Amendment to Environmental Objectives 1 to 2).  
Of all activities relevant to E.ON, the following activities are of particular importance because they 
play key roles in enabling the Group to make a substantial contribution to climate change 
mitigation: 
E.ON reports on activities that contribute directly to the environmental objectives or represent 
enabling or transitional activities in relation to the environmental objective “Climate change 
mitigation.” E.ON’s taxonomy-eligible and taxonomy-aligned economic activities are conducted 
predominantly at the Energy Networks, Energy Infrastructure Solutions, and Energy Retail 
business divisions. E.ON is an energy company, and thus its activities in these business divisions 
are extensively covered by the economic activities listed in the EU Taxonomy. 
Pursuant to the delegated act (EU) 2026/73, however, from 2025 onward E.ON will no longer 
report comprehensively on immaterial economic activities that cumulatively contribute less than 
10 percent to the respective EU Taxonomy KPI and will disclose the corresponding amounts as 
unassessed. 
E.ON has a regular process in place to ensure the appropriate assessment of all taxonomy 
requirements related to the EU’s six environmental objectives. E.ON’s business activities are 
continually mapped to the relevant taxonomy criteria. We consider revenues to be the main 
criterion; that is, E.ON’s activities are allocated to the taxonomy’s economic activity with which 
revenues are or are supposed to be generated. The next step is an alignment check in which the 
mapping’s findings are analyzed and checked in interviews, expert discussions, and workshops 

[page 104]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 104 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
with the relevant operational contacts and experts from the specialist departments of the 
business divisions and business units as well as major Group companies to determine whether 
corresponding taxonomy criteria for the economic activities are actually met. The check’s findings 
are documented for any taxonomy-eligible economic activities identified. This documentation is 
collated in an EU Taxonomy manual that is binding for all E.ON companies. The companies use 
the manual’s specifications to determine the extent to which their business activities actually 
meet the taxonomy’s technical screening criteria and create suitable records for this purpose. 
E.ON conducts the analysis of taxonomy alignment in detail as follows: 
• Assessment of substantial contribution: Compliance with the technical screening criteria is 
generally assessed and documented individually for each economic activity and at the 
companies on a decentralized basis. If the criteria provide for simplifications that allow 
compliance with the criteria to be assessed at the level of the entire economic activity, an 
operating business division, or for the entire Group, E.ON makes use of them. 
• Assessment of the Do No Significant Harm (“DNSH”) criteria: the DNSH criteria mainly refer to 
compliance with legal requirements or, in the case of the “circular economy” objective, to 
fundamental aspects of the economic activity. DNSH conformity is therefore to be assessed at 
the level of an economic activity on a regular basis. DNSH conformity regarding EU 
environmental objective 2, “Climate change adaptation,” is identified and assessed in E.ON’s 
established risk management process. For this purpose, E.ON makes use of existing systems 
and processes for financial and non-financial risk management, which it has expanded to 
include EU Taxonomy matters. Details can be found in the Risks and Opportunities Report →. 
• Assessment of minimum safeguards: E.ON uses established processes and documentation at 
the Group level to assess and comply with the minimum safeguards. The Group ensures that 
the EU Taxonomy’s requirements are fully met in this regard by means of appropriate 
guidelines and related training and monitoring measures. E.ON companies are required to 
implement such policies and guidelines in a binding manner. Responsibility for compliance lies 
with the respective companies. 
Taxonomy-Aligned Economic Activities 
The assessment included a review of all activities relevant for E.ON to determine whether they 
make a substantial contribution to climate change mitigation and meet the criteria contained in 
Article 3 of the EU Taxonomy. The graphic on the previous page provides an overview of the 
economic activities that are assigned to environmental objective 1, “Climate change mitigation" 
and are taxonomy-aligned on a proportional basis. E.ON identified no economic activities in 2025 
that make a significant contribution to environmental objectives 2 through 6. 
Substantial Contribution to Climate Change Mitigation 
E.ON’s electricity networks make a substantial contribution to climate change mitigation within 
the meaning of the taxonomy, since they are downstream distribution networks, and thus part of 
the European interconnected system. 
As for our gas networks, in particular investments in existing infrastructure that increase the 
possibility of blending hydrogen and other low-carbon gases were classified as taxonomy-
aligned. Pilot projects to establish dedicated hydrogen infrastructure were also assessed to be 
taxonomy-aligned. This also applies to investments related to the detection and/or prevention of 
methane leaks. 
Activities like installing LED lighting systems and equipping buildings with smart meters make it 
possible to measure, control, and manage buildings’ overall energy efficiency. They help reduce 
energy consumption and support customers in sustainably optimizing their building 
infrastructure. 
Investments in the development of broadband data infrastructure are classified as taxonomy-
aligned because the data and analyses provided by them lead directly to the reduction of GHG 
emissions at E.ON or its customers. 
Do No Significant Harm 
Protecting assets against the physical impacts of climate change (“Climate change adaptation”) is 
economically relevant for E.ON and is therefore factored into investment decisions. Climate-
related risks and opportunities are also recorded in E.ON’s risk management system. The Risks 
and Opportunities Report → contains more information. The criteria for the EU’s environmental 
objective 3, “Sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources,” mainly refer to legal 
and regulatory requirements in the energy sector. Compliance with these requirements is a 
prerequisite for obtaining construction and operating permits. The same applies in principle to the 
criteria for the EU’s environmental objective 4, “Pollution prevention and control.”  

[page 105]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 105 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
There are general criteria for the environmental objective 5, “Transition to a circular economy,” 
such as long durability, easy disassembly, or reparability. Most components are designed for a 
very long lifespan, are recyclable, and still have economic value at the end of their useful life (such 
as steel, aluminum, and copper). Such components of assets can be recycled within the E.ON 
Group or sold to third parties for further use. With regard to the EU’s environmental objective 6, 
“Protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems,” E.ON, where required, conducts 
environmental impact assessments and comparable assessments, which are a key prerequisite 
for obtaining permits to build and operate assets. Furthermore, one of E.ON’s objectives is to 
conduct ecological corridor management or to convert to this approach. 
Compliance with the Minimum Safeguards 
Our corporate responsibility includes ensuring respect for human rights in all aspects of our own 
business as well as in our supply chain. E.ON takes its responsibility seriously and is therefore 
committed to conducting its business in accordance with compliance requirements. This includes 
respecting human rights, protecting the environment, and ensuring appropriate working 
conditions. To prevent human rights violations, E.ON adheres to external standards and defines 
its own principles and policies. E.ON’s Human Rights Policy Statement explicitly acknowledges 
the United Nations’ International Bill of Human Rights and the International Labour Organization’s 
Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and the latter’s fundamental 
conventions. The statement also makes reference to E.ON’s own policies, such as the Supplier 
Code of Conduct and the Code of Conduct for employees. The standards for human rights, work 
conditions, environmental protection, and compliant business practices that E.ON requires its 
suppliers to meet are defined in the Supplier Code of Conduct. 
Conducting a periodic risk assessment serves to indicate potential threats. E.ON promotes 
compliance with its standards and minimizes potential threats by means of numerous measures 
and processes. The principle focus of these activities at E.ON’s own business is on occupational 
safety and fair work conditions. 
Definition of Taxonomy KPIs 
E.ON’s reporting applies the indicators defined in Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation: 
taxonomy-eligible and taxonomy-aligned investments, revenues, and operating expenses. All 
business activities identified at E.ON are assigned to precisely one of the EU Taxonomy’s 
economic activities in order to prevent double counting, except in cases where the taxonomy 
requires business activities to be assigned to multiple environmental objectives. 
E.ON reports the following three indicators for investments and revenues: 
• Taxonomy-eligible activities as a proportion of the total amount shown in the E.ON Group’s 
Consolidated Financial Statements prepared according to IFRS 
• Taxonomy-aligned activities as a proportion of the total amount shown in the E.ON Group’s 
Consolidated Financial Statements prepared according to IFRS 
• Taxonomy-aligned activities as a proportion of taxonomy-eligible activities 
• Unassessed activities, which account for less than 10 percent of the respective EU Taxonomy 
KPI 
Investments were calculated on a gross basis; that is, without taking into account revaluations or 
depreciation and amortization or impairment charges. They consist of investments in non-current 
tangible and intangible assets (fixed assets), including assets acquired in asset deals (recorded 
directly) and share deals (investment amount determined by the purchase price allocation). More 
specifically: 
• Property, plant, and equipment pursuant to IAS 16.73 (e) (i) and (iii) 
• Intangible assets pursuant to IAS 38.118 (e) (i) 
• Investment property pursuant to IAS 40.76 (a) and (b), IAS 40.79 (d) (i) and (ii) 
• Agriculture pursuant to IAS 41.50 (b) and (e) 
• Leasing pursuant to IFRS 16.53 (h) 

[page 106]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 106 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Group investments (denominator) consist of additions to fixed assets plus additions to property, 
plant, and equipment, and intangible assets from business combinations, which are shown in 
Note 14 → to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The numerator is equal to the taxonomy-
eligible or taxonomy-aligned proportion of Group investments.  
Of E.ON’s taxonomy-eligible investments, property, plant, and equipment accounted for 
€6,385 million, intangible assets for €489 million, and right-of-use assets for €438 million. The 
numerator for taxonomy-eligible investments consists of the following: 
Composition of the Investments Nominator  
€ in millions   
Economic 
activity 4.9   
Other 
economic 
activities   Total  
Property, plant, and equipment  5,712   654   6,366  
Intangible assets  351   138   489  
Investment properties  -   -   -  
Right-of-use assets  369   69   438  
E.ON Group  6,431   861   7,292  
 
In accordance with the Taxonomy’s specifications, E.ON also includes non-cash-effective 
investments, but not additions to financial assets. The Taxonomy’s definition of investments 
differs from E.ON’s internal performance indicator for investments, namely cash-effective 
investments. E.ON therefore reconciles total investments pursuant to the Taxonomy to the 
investments disclosed in the Financial Situation → chapter: 
Reconciliation to Cash-effective Investments   
€ in millions   Q1– Q4 2025  
EU Taxonomy: total investments  9,308  
./. Right-of-use assets  -782  
./. Non-cash-effective investments  -386  
+ Cash-effective financial investments  569  
./. Investment subsidies  -200  
Cash-effective investments  8,509  
   
At E.ON, all investments in fiscal year 2025 fall under category a) of the Annex to the Taxonomy 
Regulation. An investment plan according to category b) or investments according to category c) 
do not exist at E.ON.  
Revenues correspond to net sales excluding electricity and energy taxes as shown in the 
Consolidated Statement of Income → of the Annual Report. These figures are included in the 
denominator, whereas the corresponding taxonomy-eligible and/or -aligned revenues are shown 
in the numerator. 
The denominator for operating expenses is to be specified in accordance with the taxonomy 
requirements. Ecologically sustainable operating expenses are to include individually attributable, 
non-capitalized expenses for research and development, building renovations, short-term leasing, 
maintenance and repairs, other direct expenses in connection with the maintenance of assets, and 
other expenses necessary for the maintenance of ecologically sustainable economic activities. At 
E.ON, this mainly includes expenditures for repair and maintenance performed by third parties, 
which are reported under cost of materials and other operating expenses. E.ON classifies its 
operating expenses as not essential to its business model within the meaning of the EU 
Taxonomy. From 2025 onward we therefore only report the denominator. The energy sector is 
capital-intensive rather than R&D-intensive. E.ON’s operating costs are thus correspondingly low 
relative to its investments and external revenues and, pursuant to the Taxonomy’s definition, 
amount to only 2 percent of its revenues.  
  

[page 107]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 107 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Development of EU Taxonomy KPIs
Share of Investments, Revenues and Operating Costs from Products or Services 
related to Taxonomy-Eligible or Taxonomy-Aligned Economic Activities   
Financial year 2025  Breakdown by environmental objective of taxonomy-aligned activities 
Proportion of 
enabling 
activities 
Proportion of 
transitional 
activities 
Not assessed 
activities 
considered 
non-material 
Taxonomy- 
aligned 
activities 
in 2024 
Proportion of 
Taxonomy- 
aligned 
activities in 
2024  KPI Total 
Proportion of 
Taxonomy- 
eligible 
activities 
Taxonomy- 
aligned 
activities 
Proportion of 
Taxonomy- 
aligned 
activities 
Climate 
Change 
Mitigation 
Climate 
Change 
Adaptation Water 
Circular 
Economy Pollution Biodiversity 
 € in millions  % € in millions  % % % % % % % % % % € in millions  %  
CapEx 9,308 79 7,292 78 78 - - - - - - - 7 6,583 80  
Revenues 78,704 28 21,875 28 28 - - - - - - - 6 21,205 26  
OpEx 1,608 - - - - - - - - - - - 100 940 65  
 
KPIs for fiscal year 2025 were calculated in accordance with the new requirements of the 
delegated act (EU) 2026/73. Due to the new delegated act’s changes, the calculation methods 
and reference values differ from those of the prior year. Consequently, KPIs for 2025 are not 
comparable with those for fiscal year 2024. 
Investments 
In fiscal year 2025, 79 percent of the E.ON Group’s investments were within the scope of the EU 
Taxonomy (taxonomy-eligible). Taxonomy-aligned activities accounted for 100 percent of 
taxonomy-eligible investments.  
The Energy Networks business division made a substantial contribution. About € 6.4 billion went 
toward E.ON’s electricity distribution networks, which are part of Europe’s interconnected 
system. They continually integrate renewable energy sources, thereby propelling the energy 
transition in Europe and connecting customers to sustainable energy. E.ON again invested 
significantly more in taxonomy-aligned electricity networks compared with the previous year. 
This trend is supported by the digitalization of E.ON’s networks through the expansion of fiber-
optics and broadband technology. E.ON invested € 256 million in this area in the year under 
review. In addition, € 420 million of investments in gas networks were taxonomy-aligned and thus 
increased relative to the prior year.  
The Energy Infrastructure Solution business division’s taxonomy-aligned investments of 
€185 million went toward its businesses that install, maintain, and repair devices for measuring, 
regulation, and controlling buildings’ overall energy efficiency.  
The procurement and sale of power and gas are not covered by the Taxonomy. The Energy Retail 
business division’s focus on the sale of power and gas to end-customers means that it has no 
significant assets and therefore has comparatively few investments covered by the EU 
Taxonomy. Corporate Functions/Other’s investments did fall within the EU Taxonomy’s scope. 
Overall, the proportion of the respective taxonomy-aligned as well as taxonomy-eligible 
investments by economic activity are at the prior-year level, whereas investments in absolute 
terms— and thus also taxonomy-aligned and taxonomy-eligible investments in absolute terms—
rose relative to 2024, in particular owing to investments in power distribution networks. E.ON 
reports €0.6 billion as unassessed under the EU Taxonomy due to its low contribution to 
investments. This includes activities in the energy, water supply, wastewater and waste disposal, 
and environmental remediation sectors as well as transport, construction and real estate, 
information and communication, and professional, scientific, and technical services. 

[page 108]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 108 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Revenues 
As in the prior year, in 2025 the Energy Retail business division again generated the majority of 
E.ON’s external sales. However, revenues from the sale of power and gas to end-customers are 
not covered by the EU Taxonomy. As expected, therefore, only 28 percent of external sales were 
taxonomy-eligible.  
Nearly all taxonomy-eligible revenues were also taxonomy-aligned, of which the vast majority—  
€21.9 billion— related to electricity transmission fees in E.ON’s distribution networks. E.ON 
reports €17.6 billion as taxonomy -aligned external revenues in the Energy Networks business 
division and €4.2 billion in the Energy Retail business division from sales r evenues for network 
charges insofar as these were attributable to E.ON’s own distribution network territory. As a 
result, the proportions of taxonomy-aligned and taxonomy-eligible revenues per economic 
activity remain at the prior-year level. 
E.ON reports around 6 percent as unassessed under the EU Taxonomy due to its low contribution 
to total revenue. This encompasses activities in the energy, water supply, wastewater and waste 
disposal, and environmental remediation sectors as well as transport, construction and real 
estate, information and communication, and professional, scientific, and technical services. 
Regarding ESRS 2 SBM-1 para. 40d i. reporting requirements, E.ON’s business activities relating 
to gas distribution networks and gas sales generated total revenues of around € 20.3 billion in 
2025 (see also Note 34 → to the Consolidated Financial Statements) (2024: €19.89 billion). E.ON 
does not report taxonomy-aligned revenues from fossil gas. 
EU Taxonomy KPIs in the Context of Green Financing Instruments 
E.ON aligned its Green Financing Framework, under which it issues green financing instruments 
whose issuance proceeds are used to fund green investment projects, also with the EU 
Taxonomy. Green bonds issued financed 31 percent of taxonomy-aligned investment 
expenditures in 2025. It is not possible to assign sales revenues individually to investments 
funded by green financing instruments. Consequently, no information can be provided on the 
extent to which the revenues KPI was financed by green bonds issued. 
 

[page 109]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 109 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
EU Taxonomy Investments          
Financial year 2025 2025    Environmental objective of Taxonomy-aligned activities 
Enabling 
activity2 
Transitional 
activity4 
Proportion of 
Taxonomy-
aligned in 
Taxonomy-
eligible  Economic Activities Code1 
Proportion of 
Taxonomy-
eligible 
CapEX 
Taxonomy-
aligned 
CapEX 
Proportion of 
Taxonomy-
aligned 
CapEx 
Climate 
Change 
Mitigation 
Climate 
Change 
Adaptation Water 
Circular 
Economy Pollution Biodiversity 
  % € in millions % % % % % % % E/- T/- %  
Transmission and distribution of electricity CCM 4.9 69 6,431 69 69 - - - - - E - 100  
Transmission and distribution networks for 
renewable and low-carbon gases CCM 4.14 5 420 5 5 - - - - - - - 96  
Installation, maintenance and repair of instruments 
and devices for measuring, regulation and controlling 
energy performance of buildings CCM 7.5 2 185 2 2 - - - - - E - 100  
Data-driven solutions for GHG emissions reductions CCM 8.2 3 256 3 3 - - - - - E - 100  
Sum of alignment per objective     78 - - - - -     
TOTAL  79 7,292 78 78 - - - - - 74 - 100  
               
1Climate Change Mitigation: CCM; Climate Change Adaptation: CCA; Water: WTR; Circular Economy: CE; Pollution Prevention and Co ntrol: PPC; Biodiversity and Ecosystems: BIO.  
2E: Enabling activity; T: Transitional activity.  
    
EU Taxonomy Revenues          
Financial year 2025     Environmental objective of Taxonomy-aligned activities 
Enabling 
activity2 
Transitional 
activity2 
Proportion of 
Taxonomy-
aligned in 
Taxonomy-
eligible  Economic Activities Code1 
Proportion of 
Taxonomy-
eligible 
Revenues 
Taxonomy-
aligned 
Revenues 
Proportion of 
Taxonomy-
aligned 
Revenues 
Climate 
Change 
Mitigation 
Climate 
Change 
Adaptation Water 
Circular 
Economy Pollution Biodiversity 
  % € in millions % % % % % % % T/-  %  
Transmission and distribution of electricity CCM 4.9 28 21,875 28 28 - - - - - E - 100  
Sum of alignment per objective     28 - - - - -     
TOTAL  28 21,875 28 28 - - - - - 28 - 100  
               
1Climate Change Mitigation: CCM; Climate Change Adaptation: CCA; Water: WTR; Circular Economy: CE; Pollution Prevention and Co ntrol: PPC; Biodiversity and Ecosystems: BIO.  
2E: Enabling activity; T: Transitional activity.  
 

[page 110]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 110 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Biodiversity 
Strategy 
E.ON considers biodiversity and functioning ecosystems as key prerequisites for a successful 
energy transition and the long-term success of the company. They help secure the natural 
foundations for expanding and operating energy infrastructure, strengthen resilience to climate 
risks, and are essential for public acceptance, regulatory approval processes, and security of 
supply. To obtain approval, projects must meet applicable environmental and nature conservation 
requirements. Intact ecosystems and responsible management lay the foundation for this. 
E.ON— in its own businesses and beyond— is determined to increase its positive impact on 
biodiversity and ecosystems. E.ON’s Nature.ON strategy establishes a Group-wide framework for 
this purpose. It combines climate protection with ecosystems and biodiversity. The strategy 
articulates our commitment to systematically reducing our negative impacts on nature and taking 
a targeted approach to scaling up our positive impacts. The goal is to achieve an overall net 
positive impact on nature. 
E.ON operates and builds distribution networks in several European countries. Network expansion 
is essential for decarbonizing the energy supply. Yet it also impacts nature and the landscape. 
E.ON’s materiality assessment (see the General Information → chapter) identified that the 
 
17 ENCORE, which stands for “Exploring Natural Capital Opportunities, Risks, and Exposures,” is a web platform for analyzing economic activities’ dependencies and impacts on natural capital. 
construction and expansion phases may consume land and thus fragment and temporarily disrupt 
habitats. Environmental protection— which is an aspect of decarbonization— is therefore a core 
element of E.ON’s strategy. 
Our existing network corridors create opportunities for biodiversity. Species-rich succession 
spaces can develop under and along high-voltage overhead lines. These spaces, which largely 
regenerate naturally, help connect habitats, whose positive impacts extend beyond E.ON’s 
network corridors. Alongside these positive impacts, E.ON’s business benefits from intact 
ecosystems. For example, flood and storm protection are particularly relevant for safeguarding 
our facilities and thus the energy supply more broadly. Areas where water is used— such as for 
hydropower— depend even more on intact ecosystems. Biomass, hydropower, and heat plants are 
production processes that have a comparatively greater impact on nature. 
Managing Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities 
In 2024 E.ON analyzed the extent to which its business model impacts biodiversity for the 
purpose of designing its nature strategy. 
The analysis considered the frameworks of the Science Based Targets Network (“SBTN”) and the 
Taskforce on Nature-Related Financial Disclosures (“TNFD”). In preparation for this, E.ON also 
conducted a biodiversity impact assessment. This involved evaluating the influence and 
dependencies of more than 100 E.ON facilities as well as relevant suppliers. The assessment’s 
method was based on geodata and standardized industry data from the ENCORE platform.
17  
E.ON assigned the findings to its respective business activities’ dependencies and impacts on 
ecosystem services. Against this backdrop, E.ON recognizes that the operation of energy 
infrastructure can have unavoidable impacts on surrounding ecosystems, particularly at facilities 
located in or near areas with biodiversity in need of protection. This therefore also applies to 
facilities operated by E.ON— Europe’s largest distribution network operator— and was factored 
into the analysis. Biodiversity and ecosystems are integral to E.ON’s sustainability efforts and are 
monitored continually by in-house experts. Discussions with affected communities and local 
stakeholders were part of the analysis as well. 
Biodiversity Policies 
E.ON’s nature strategy is supported by its Environmental Protection Policy (updated in 2024), 
which defines five commitments: protect ecosystems, manage the organization for ecosystems’ 
benefit, maximize positive impact, set clear targets, and enhance environmental protection 
efforts. We further advanced these developments in 2025. For example, VSE, an E.ON company 
ESRS E4: Material Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities  
 
Land Use through New-build and Expansion Measures 
E.ON continually expands the networks necessary for the energy transition. This involves the use 
of previously undeveloped land. The construction phase of grid projects can fragment and disrupt 
ecosystems. 
  Short term  
 
Ecological Management of Existing Power Line Corridors 
E.ON has in place targeted ecological management plans for its existing power line corridors and 
facilities. These plans aim to increase local biodiversity beyond the corridors, improve ecosystem 
connectivity, and provide additional habitats for native species. 
  Short term  
  Actual positive impact      Actual negative impact      Time horizon 
  Upstream value chain    Own business activities    Downstream value chain 
 

[page 111]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 111 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
in southwest Germany, conducts ecological monitoring to ensure that its construction sites do 
not— or only minimally— impact nature. This involves communicating nature conservation 
information to everyone involved in a construction project in order to extend our effectiveness 
beyond our organization. 
We follow the principle of mitigation hierarchy in both developing new business models and 
operating our existing business. This principle states that every effort must be made to avoid 
negative environmental impacts along the value chain, to mitigate them, or, if necessary, to take 
appropriate compensatory measures. 
This principle is strategically anchored by means of established committees such as the 
Sustainability Council and the Supervisory Board’s Innovation and Sustainability Committee (the 
General Information → chapter contains more information). In 2025 both committees discussed 
and monitored progress on biodiversity. The update of the materiality assessment classified 
biodiversity as a material topic for the first time. The strategy-development process 
systematically incorporates the perspectives of key stakeholders: from customers and 
communities to employees. E.ON’s business units and regional companies are responsible for 
implementation, ensuring that local characteristics and needs can be addressed.  
Actions 
E.ON is committed— in line with its mitigation hierarchy— to actively protecting ecosystems. In 
particular, it avoids activities and resource use in biologically sensitive and highly biodiverse areas, 
such as moors. E.ON builds new power lines, gas networks, and other large industrial facilities. 
When these projects have foreseeable environmental impacts, E.ON conducts an environmental 
impact assessment during the development phase in order to obtain construction and operating 
permits. In addition, it monitors its facilities’ operation to verify that previous assessments were 
correct. Furthermore, E.ON engages in ongoing dialog with local stakeholders and interested 
parties on numerous environmental issues. Examples include public consultation hours and 
information events with local decision-makers. 
E.ON has developed a concept for ecological corridor management (“ECM”) and has been 
implementing it across the Group since 2023 as the standard for vegetation management in all 
areas with fundamental ECM potential under and near 110 kV high-voltage overhead lines. We 
intend to complete ECM’s adoption at all Group-owned distribution network operators in Europe 
by the end of the decade. ECM enables E.ON to help create and preserve sustainably stable 
biotopes and structures and thus to promote species protection, biodiversity, and the connection 
of valuable habitats. Our ECM concept has been recognized outside E.ON as well: it received the 
Renewables Grid Initiative (“RGI”) award in the Environmental Protection category in 2023. 

[page 112]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 112 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
E.ON also works with the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) and supports the UN 
Decade on Ecosystem Restoration. In addition, E.ON has been part of the Lowering Emissions by 
Accelerating Forest Finance (“LEAF”) coalition since 2021. LEAF is dedicated to promoting 
biodiversity and protecting tropical forests.  
We support employee involvement by enhancing our sustainability culture with a focus on 
climate protection, biodiversity, resource efficiency, and ecosystem restoration. Outside our 
company, we address these issues, to the degree we can, in national and European associations 
and committees. We cooperate with NGOs to jointly advance studies and projects with the aim of 
integrating local interests and consequently enhancing environmental protection. In addition, we 
promote these urgent issues to our customers, our partner organizations, and communities as 
well as through our corporate citizenship activities. 
Targets and Metrics 
E.ON’s main target for positively impacting the environment is to roll out ecological corridor 
management (“ECM”) across all its high-voltage networks by 2030. We plan to invest a double-
digit-million figure for this purpose by 2029 and to implement ECM along 13,000 kilometers of 
high-voltage lines. E.ON measures its positive contributions to biodiversity by monitoring 
progress of the Group-wide rollout of ECM, which at year-end 2025 already encompassed 
28 percent of relevant areas (prior year: 19 percent). 
E.ON monitors and manages its potential negative impacts on biodiversity during the construction 
phase of new substation projects by systematically recording the number of ongoing construction 
projects. A total of 216 projects were initiated across the Group in 2025. These consisted of 
75 new-builds and 141 replacement or conversion projects. Substation new-builds generally 
involve greater land use than conversions or replacement projects. Differentiating between new-
build and replacement/conversion enables us to make targeted assessments of potential impacts 
on natural habitats. 
While implementing its Nature.ON nature strategy and the associated strategic focus on nature-
related topics, E.ON intends to gradually increase data depth and quality in the years ahead.


[page 113]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 113 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Social 
Occupational Health and Safety 
E.ON can only successfully shape the energy transition by drawing on its employees’ 
innovativeness and technical expertise. E.ON is therefore committed to providing an attractive 
and safe work environment that supports, values, and fosters its employees. In particular, our 
employees’ and contractors’ health and safety are of great importance and are firmly anchored in 
our corporate strategy. Preventive measures, modern occupational-safety solutions, and 
continuous improvement processes form the basis of our actions. Despite all precautions, 
however, accidents still occur in our work environment, including serious and, in rare cases, fatal 
accidents. Employees can also suffer from work-related illnesses, which can, when severe, have 
serious consequences. These events must be systematically prevented. Our Vision 0 therefore 
reaffirms our commitment to completely avoiding serious and fatal occupational accidents and 
illnesses, thereby fully living up to our responsibility toward our employees, contractors, and 
society. 
Vision 0 and Health & Safety Roadmap  
Health and safety (“H&S”) issues have been a top priority for E.ON for many years, especially for 
its Management Board. In the past, E.ON identified an inadequate H&S culture as the main cause 
of its accident rates. In addition, limited control over contractors (including their corporate 
culture) is another important factor that influences our H&S culture. 
Vision 0 is E.ON’s ambition to prevent workplace accidents and promote the health and well-
being of all employees, including contractors’ employees. Our focus is on developing a caring 
corporate culture that regards physical and mental safety as integral to a responsible work 
environment. E.ON defines strict safety standards, takes preventive measures, and provides 
ongoing training to identify and avoid hazards at an early stage— for high-risk tasks on energy 
networks and for office environments. Vision 0 reflects our self-image as a reliable partner to our 
employees and society. Our ambition is not only to ensure health and safety, but also to actively 
shape it. 
ESRS S1: Material Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities  
 
Occupational Safety in the Energy Sector 
Many activities in the energy sector pose significant occupational safety risks. These can lead to 
serious injury or health issues for both E.ON employees and contractors— even in work situations 
considered less dangerous. 
  Short term  
  Potential negative impact      Time horizon 
  Upstream value chain    Own business activities    Downstream value chain 
 

[page 114]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 114 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
We designed the H&S Roadmap 2025 as a realistic way to achieve our Vision 0. For this purpose, 
stakeholders and H&S managers thoroughly discussed and analyzed the Company’s main 
business activities and the attendant core issues. The resulting roadmap was approved by the 
Health and Safety Council for implementation in the units and at Group level from 2025 onward. 
The Health and Safety Council consists of the CEO and representatives from various E.ON 
business units and central functions who have expertise in H&S issues. The Health and Safety 
Council serves in particular as a forum for sharing information, discussing progress made in 
achieving our H&S targets, and identifying new challenges. The council meets at least twice per 
year. The H&S Roadmap aims to achieve Vision 0 and also to position E.ON as an H&S leader. 
Managing Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities 
Employee-related Policies 
Group-wide H&S Approach and Management  
Clear and binding guidelines form the basis of our Group-wide H&S approach to fostering a safe 
and healthy work environment for all employees. E.ON’s H&S standards are part of the Group’s 
functional policies and apply to E.ON Group companies and employees. The standards also 
include requirements for contractors that must be enforced by E.ON companies. In this way, we 
pursue our goal of providing a safe work environment and uniform safety standards for both E.ON 
and contractor employees. 
Given the importance of H&S, the department reports directly to the Chairman of the 
Management Board. The E.ON Management Board and E.ON units’ leadership are responsible for 
H&S. They set strategic targets and establish standards and policies to achieve continuous 
improvement. They are supported and advised by the H&S departments at Corporate Functions 
and the units. The Health and Safety Council plays a key role in discussing and deciding on central 
policies. Similar committees and teams of experts, which also meet several times annually, are 
active in the units as well. They define the H&S requirements for their unit and the plans to 
implement them. Every unit must ensure that it meets E.ON’s H&S standards, designs and 
implements H&S plans according to local needs, and reaches the milestones of our H&S Roadmap 
2025. The roadmap delineates measures, such as the implementation of safety plans, improved 
incident management, cultural changes, and contractor safety. More than 400 E.ON Group 
employees work in H&S-related areas to ensure this. Internal audits and self-assessments are 
among the ways we make sure the units meet our standards. In addition, the works councils, the 
Group Works Council (German abbreviation: “KBR”), the KBR Committee for H&S, the 
Supervisory Board’s Audit and Risk Committee, and the Supervisory Board itself are regularly 
informed about H&S issues and involved in projects. 
Occupational Safety in the Context of International Initiatives 
E.ON is committed to a Group-wide culture of prevention. We reaffirmed this in 2009 by signing 
the Düsseldorf Statement on the Seoul Declaration on Safety and Health at Work as well as the 
Luxembourg Declaration on Workplace Health Promotion. The Luxembourg Declaration reaffirms 
a stronger commitment to occupational H&S, while the Seoul Declaration emphasizes 
occupational safety as a fundamental human right and integral to sustainable corporate 
governance and social responsibility. 
Human Rights Statement, Code of Conduct, and Supplier Code 
E.ON’s Human Rights Statement unambiguously acknowledges the International Bill of Human 
Rights of the United Nations (“UN”) and the Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at 
Work of the International Labour Organization (“ILO”) and its fundamental conventions. E.ON is 
also guided by the European Convention on Human Rights and the principles of the United 
Nations Global Compact (“UNGC”). E.ON’s commitment to these values is underscored by its 
active participation in the UNGC network in Germany since 2005. E.ON’s Human Rights 
Statement provides an overview of our risks and the measures we have taken to address them. It 
also refers to E.ON’s own guidelines and policies, which are the responsibility of the individual 
departments and support the implementation of suitable preventive measures, including the H&S 
division. For example, it also mentions our Code of Conduct, which obliges all employees to help 
promote a non-discriminatory and safe work environment and to respect human rights. 
Furthermore, the policy statement makes it clear that E.ON does not tolerate child labor, forced or 
involuntary labor of any kind in accordance with the ILO conventions in its own business 
operations and in its supply chain. E.ON’s policy statement on respect for human rights is 
published on the E.ON website. 

[page 115]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 115 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Many of the policies and guidelines described here— such as the Human Rights Statement and the 
E.ON Health, Safety, Environment & Climate Protection Policy Statement— are signed jointly by 
the Management Board and the Group Works Council. 
Our Code of Conduct and Supplier Code, which are available in the national languages of all 
countries in which we do business, are based on the guiding principle of “doing the right thing.” 
They provide easy-to-understand guidelines on all compliance issues relevant to E.ON. These 
include human rights, anti-corruption, fair competition, and compliant relationships with business 
partners. The E.ON Code of Conduct also includes an integrity test. Employees can use it to 
determine— by answering just a few questions— whether they are doing the right thing. Every 
employee is contractually obliged to behave in accordance with the Code of Conduct’s rules. 
H&S Policies and Management Systems 
The H&S Function Policy defines roles, responsibilities, management expectations, and reporting 
channels in E.ON’s H&S organization. It sets minimum requirements and defines management 
tools needed to prevent physical and mental harm in the workplace. It also requires all our 
operating units (except for very small ones and those with insignificant risks and potential impact) 
to have in place an occupational H&S management system certified to international standards—
such as ISO 45001— and to improve the system on an ongoing basis. 
A joint, integrated management system has enabled numerous E.ON companies to become 
certified by means of a multisite process called E.ON Matrix Certification: more than 50 E.ON 
companies in Germany are now certified to ISO 45001 (occupational safety), ISO 14001 
(environmental protection), and ISO 50001 (energy management) thanks to this process. Most of 
these companies are network companies and their subsidiaries, sales companies, and companies 
that offer integrated energy infrastructure solutions. This is another step to manage these 
companies in terms of occupational health and safety, to leverage synergies, and to harmonize 
processes. 
In addition, the Health & Safety Policy for Employees communicates E.ON’s H&S ambitions and 
its expectation that all employees keep H&S issues in mind in their work. It contains extra tasks 
for managers because their responsibilities include leading by example with regard to H&S. 
E.ON has a Group Works Health Agreement for all employees in Germany. Its purpose is to foster 
a healthy work environment and promote the health of all employees. It defines four action areas: 
occupational health management, addiction prevention and intervention, occupational integration 
management, and employee counseling. 
E.ON recently updated its Health, Safety, Environment, and Climate Protection Policy to align it 
with E.ON’s safety targets and its climate and environmental ambitions in the context of the EU 
Taxonomy. 
Risk and Incident Management in Our Own Operations and Supply Chain  
Our Group-wide standard for health, safety, and environmental risk management defines 
minimum requirements for identifying, assessing, managing, and monitoring H&S and other 
sustainability-related risks and opportunities. The standards’ requirements are also supported by 
IT solutions, which are mainly used to create risk assessments and/or indices as well as activity-
related hazard assessments. Our employees have the opportunity to view hazard assessments 
relevant to them and the resulting protection measures. 
The Group Standard for Incident Management, which also applies to E.ON’s contractors, was 
updated on January 1, 2025. It uniformly defines how H&S incidents are classified, investigated, 
and reported at E.ON and its contractors; it also regulates the sharing of findings. 
The H&S department works together closely with the Human Rights Center of Expertise and 
Supply Chain Excellence, which are responsible for human rights compliance in the supply chain, 
to ensure compliance with E.ON’s minimum H&S requirements. They refine procurement policies 
and standards and assess their effectiveness. This collaboration likewise resulted in additional 
H&S issues being embedded in procurement processes, such as dealing with smaller suppliers. 
Harmonized minimum H&S requirements for contractors apply at all E.ON companies in 
Germany; these requirements may be supplemented by additional requirements depending on the 
services the companies procure. 

[page 116]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 116 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Dialog with Employees and Complaints Mechanisms 
E.ON fosters an open and constructive dialog culture in which employees can raise their concerns 
both directly with management and through established employee representative entities such as 
works councils, group works councils, and trade unions. Issues such as health and safety, work-
time arrangements, equality, and employee development are regularly discussed in joint 
committees and incorporated into strategic decisions. Participation takes place at the national, 
European, and international level. The purpose is always to effectively represent employees’ 
interests and to develop solutions together. Employees and managers who have questions or 
concerns about their physical or mental health can contact the Employee Assistance Program 
(“EAP”). This free counseling service supports them in various life situations and is available in 
multiple languages in Germany, the United Kingdom, Sweden, Italy, Czechia, Slovakia, and 
Hungary. Similar programs exist in other countries. In addition, E.ON offers individual 
psychosocial counseling to provide employees with targeted support. 
Furthermore, our Group-wide IT tool PRISMA (see “Actions” below) and E.ON’s whistleblowing 
channels can be used to report potential violations of H&S rules and laws. The relevant H&S 
department evaluates the reports by means of a standardized procedure. If necessary, the 
evaluation’s findings are forwarded to the Management Board and Supervisory Board. This multi-
layered participatory approach— consisting of direct dialog, institutionalized codetermination, 
psychosocial support, and secure reporting channels— enables E.ON not only to strengthen co-
determination but also to heighten trust that its work environment is responsible and safe. 
Possible human rights violations can be reported via E.ON’s whistleblowing channels. These 
consist of a software-based online reporting form (whistleblowing system), a hotline for 
submitting voice messages (whistleblowing hotline), and an email address (whistleblowing email). 
The whistleblowing system and the whistleblowing hotline can be used to submit reports at any 
time, anonymously, and in the official languages of all countries in which E.ON operates. These 
two channels also enable anonymous two-way communication with whistleblowers. Both 
channels are accessible to E.ON employees and outside parties. They are communicated to E.ON 
employees and business partners on a regular basis. In addition, E.ON employees can make 
reports to in-house reporting channels, such as our human rights officers and compliance officers. 
These complaint and reporting procedures describe how E.ON investigates and responds to 
violations of laws, the E.ON Code of Conduct, and E.ON policies. A company policy governs the 
investigation of reports received through the reporting channels. Outside parties can access the 
policy’s key provisions in a simplified form in the whistleblowing tool.  
A central office at the Group Compliance department screens reports, conducts an initial 
assessment, and forwards them to the department responsible for the investigation. The relevant 
department decides on a case-by-case basis and in consultation with the Compliance function 
which measures are necessary to process the report, remedy a human rights violation, and 
protect affected parties. Depending on a potential violation’s nature and severity, the Chief 
Human Rights Officer is informed promptly. In line with our policies, whistleblowers are protected 
against retribution for their reports. 
We held an in-house workshop prior to adopting the procedure to ensure that it is easily 
understandable and accessible to all stakeholders. The workshop gave experts from various 
departments the opportunity to represent their stakeholders’ views and assessed access to 
E.ON’s whistleblowing channels. In addition, we conduct an annual Group-wide survey of 
employees to gauge their familiarity with the procedure and their satisfaction with how reports 
are handled. The survey’s findings show that employees are familiar with the whistleblowing 
channels and have the impression that reports are taken seriously and processed appropriately. 
Actions 
Our focus in 2025 was primarily on contractor management, digitalization, and the optimization 
of our incident management. We also formed a task force for the purpose of achieving visible 
results even faster and preventing serious accidents. The task addresses the aforementioned 
action areas and, in particular: technical safety, contractor safety, manager and employee 
involvement, and, more generally, E.ON’s ambition for H&S leadership. It also defined additional 
measures, some of which are company-specific, on the basis of a review program for improving 
H&S processes. 

[page 117]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 117 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
H&S Incident Management  
E.ON sees itself as a learning company with a constructive error culture. Incidents are 
systematically investigated on the basis of a Group-wide standard. The standard uses root cause 
analysis (“RCA”) to identify causes, take preventive measures, and identify risks. E.ON ensures a 
standardized approach by offering training courses on analysis methods and communications as 
well as an international train-the-trainer program to qualify RCA experts. Our investigations of 
serious incidents previously had taken an average of three to four months to complete, whereas in 
2025 we reduced the processing time to six weeks. This makes it possible to take preventive 
measures much faster and communicate findings Group-wide in a timely manner. The 
accelerated processes represent another significant step in E.ON’s ongoing development as a 
learning organization. If accident data indicates that a unit is not meeting E.ON’s standards, the 
H&S department will help it optimize its performance. In addition, Group Audit may conduct an 
H&S audit of the unit. 
PRISMA, an integrated IT solution, is the main component of E.ON’s online H&S incident 
management system and is used by all E.ON units. PRISMA, which stands for “Platform for 
Reporting on Incident and Sustainability Management and Audits,” enables us to reach many 
users, report and manage data, and ensure a high degree of transparency. Incident investigations 
are entered and stored directly in PRISMA, ensuring that all companies and Corporate Functions 
always work with the same database. Incident reporting is prompt. All this is intended to help 
prevent incidents. E.ON has five categories of incidents. They range from 0 (low) to 4 (major). 
E.ON’s H&S Standard on Incident Management requires the units to use PRISMA to report 
category 4 incidents to the H&S department at Corporate Functions within 24 hours; in addition, 
the units promptly forward the information to the Management Board. Employees must report all 
incidents, regardless of their severity, using PRISMA. No employee needs to fear any 
disadvantages. In addition, their personal data are protected and can only be accessed by limited 
user groups. E.ON analyses all incidents. If employees or contractors find themselves in a 
situation that they believe is potentially dangerous, they have clear instructions to suspend work 
immediately and, if necessary, leave the work area. They are also instructed to alert their 
colleagues to potentially dangerous situations. 
Digitalizing H&S Processes 
The digitalization of H&S processes made systematic progress in the 2025 reporting year. The 
complete end-to-end mapping and documentation of all steps in accident investigations (root 
cause analysis) in PRISMA, our Group-wide H&S IT tool, was an important milestone. We also 
developed applications that incorporate artificial intelligence (“AI”) and refined our Group-wide 
H&S app to enhance its user-friendliness and innovative functionalities. The aim of these 
measures is to provide our employees with state-of-the-art, intuitive tools to help us achieve our 
Vision 0. 
Safety Walks 
E.ON’s managers fulfill their responsibility as H&S leaders in part by going on safety walks and 
engaging in dialog with employees. These so-called “Gemba Walks” enable managers to gain an 
impression of operational working conditions and discuss H&S issues and risks with employees. 
Evaluating Our Safety Culture 
The H&S division conducts quick checks to classify the maturity level of E.ON operating units’ 
safety culture on the Bradley curve and to identify and minimize risks. The Bradley curve 
distinguishes four levels of safety culture: from a reactive stance, where action is primarily taken 
after incidents, through a more rule-bound dependent phase, to an independent level, where 
employees are expected to take responsibility for safe behavior themselves. The highest level— an 
interdependent culture— is reached when teams actively take responsibility for one another and 
safety is practiced as a shared value. The Bradley curve describes how managers’ and employees’ 
attitudes, behavior, and responsibility affect the number of accidents. As cultural maturity 
increases, the accident rate should decrease significantly. We assessed 25 units by year-end 
2025 and included their administrative employees— and those of E.ON SE Corporate Functions—
as well. We plan to increase standardization and extend quick checks to other E.ON companies in 
2026. 

[page 118]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 118 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The findings of the incident investigations and H&S audits completed in 2025 indicate that H&S 
management systems are largely effective, although there is need for action in certain areas. The 
units have generally used the auditors’ recommendations to design corrective and preventive 
actions. It also became clear, however, that employees’ safety awareness was not uniform in all 
teams. It therefore remains extremely important to continually point out to E.ON employees and 
contractor employees all the requirements of H&S management and their own responsibility: 
they must look after themselves and their colleagues and speak up immediately if they detect a 
potential safety risk. Overall, E.ON has observed for several years that occupational safety in its 
units is improving continually. 
H&S Community: Group-wide Collaboration to Enhance Safety 
E.ON has a Group-wide H&S community that promotes the sharing of knowledge and experience. 
Specialist groups from the community meet regularly to discuss accident prevention issues. The 
focus in 2025 was on the substation of the future and aspects of technical safety with the aim of 
developing innovative solutions to improve occupational safety. Uniform life-saving rules were 
introduced across the Group at the start of 2024. The rules are intended to raise awareness of the 
main risks faced by employees. Accident analyses show that many incidents are related to 
deviations from the rules. Communications on this topic were expanded in 2025 and 
supplemented with rules for office workplaces. 
Workshops and Training Modules 
The H&S division oversees strategic H&S training sessions. This includes the training provided to 
the E.ON Group’s top 100 executives, programs for senior managers in the operating business, 
and training for employees. With regard to the H&S Roadmap, E.ON’s units conduct their own 
operational H&S training, programs to enhance H&S culture, and training required by law that 
recurs annually or is conducted on an ad hoc basis. 
Mental Health First Aid (“MHFA”) training aims to identify mental health problems at an early 
stage, understand them, and respond appropriately. The 12-hour course provides knowledge 
about various mental disorders, such as depression, anxiety disorders, addiction, and suicidal 
tendencies. It also shows how to recognize warning signs, how to communicate with those 
affected, and how to offer them support and help. MHFA’s aim is to reduce the stigma of mental 
illness, promote mental health awareness, and alert those affected to help options. In addition, 
the annual web training module on human rights, compliance, antitrust law, cybersecurity, and 
data protection highlights safe working practices and the E.ON whistleblowing channels. 
Counseling Offerings and Health Benefits 
E.ON also provides social and addiction counseling, specific preventive measures (for example, 
nutrition counseling and colon cancer screening), company physicians, and access to a variety of 
health and fitness offerings for employees. If E.ON employees are seriously or fatally injured, 
insurance policies provide initial coverage for ensuring recovery or supporting the bereaved. Unit-
specific, individual measures may also be taken. For example, E.ON supports the transport of 
injured colleagues to other hospitals if necessary to ensure the best possible care. Another 
example is the provision of a savings fund to ensure the education of a deceased employee’s 
children. Gradual reintegration into the workplace is possible after a long illness-related absence. 
Targets and Metrics  
Vision 0 and Accident Statistics 
Targets 
The objective of E.ON’s Vision 0 is to develop an H&S culture for which all employees (including 
contractors) feel responsible. The aim of consistently adhering to life-saving rules is to avoid 
accidents of all kinds, especially fatal or serious ones. 
To achieve this, E.ON set quantitative targets for 2025 for each unit: they are to reduce their lost-
time injury frequency for employees and contractors (“combined LTIF”) by 20 percent annually 
relative to the three-year average for 2022– 2024 and to increase their score on the Bradley 
Curve by 0.5 per two-year cycle or to exceed 4.0. 

[page 119]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 119 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Combined LTIF declined by 13 percent in 2025 relative to 2024. Between the baseline 
assessment in 2021-22 and the subsequent assessment in 2024-25, the average score on the 
Bradley Curve improved by 0.4 points. E.ON intends to continue pursuing these targets in 2026 
and, if necessary, to define additional actions for achieving them in its Roadmap 2026. 
In addition, the Health & Safety Roadmap contains fundamental targets for the operating units 
and their respective management teams. Their purpose is to further reduce the frequency of 
serious incidents and fatalities (“SIF”) so that in the long term serious incidents and fatalities no 
longer occur. In addition, the Management Board is to be kept fully informed at all times about all 
serious and fatal accidents, developments in accident statistics, and relevant programs and 
initiatives. This goal is supported by regular reporting from the H&S division and ongoing 
communications with H&S management. In addition, it should be ensured that fatal or life-
threatening incidents are reported directly to the Management Board within 24 hours. 
The achievement of SIF targets is also factored into the E.ON Management Board’s 
compensation.  
Metrics 
The reporting below on accident statistics distinguishes between employees and contractors, 
who together represent our own workforce within the meaning of the ESRS. We consider E.ON’s 
employees to be on-staff personnel and contractors to be non-staff personnel. All metrics are 
reported separately and combined for employees and contractors. 
All accidents were carefully examined— both individually and in comparison— using the 
aforementioned processes. In some cases, this enabled us to identify patterns or multiple 
predominant causes and respond directly to them, for example, by setting up work groups.  
The improvement in serious incidents and fatalities (“SIF”), lost-time injury frequency (“LTIF”), and 
total recordable injury frequency (“TRIF”) is mainly attributable to the roughly 70 percent decline 
in serious accidents and the 40 percent reduction in high-potential incidents. SIF, LTIF, and TRIF 
all measure accidents per million hours of work. 

[page 120]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 120 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
H&S Key Figures 
  2025   2024  
SIF1,2 employees  0.02 [+]  0.03 [+] 
SIF1,2 contractors  0.04   0.12  
SIF1,2 combined  0.03   0.07  
       
LTIF2,3 employees  2.16 [+]  2.46 [+] 
LTIF2,3 contractors  1.52   1.76  
LTIF2,3 combined  1.86   2.14  
       
TRIF2,4 employees  3.10   3.24 [+] 
TRIF2,4 contractors  1.87   2.08  
TRIF2,4 combined  2.52   2.71  
       
TRI5 employees  447   443  
       
Work-related deaths employees  0   1  
Work-related deaths contractors  2   0  
       
Number of work-related illnesses6 employees  43   47  
       
Days lost7 employees  6,711   -  
       
Percentage of employees covered by the occupational health and safety 
management system8  100   99  
 
1E.ON uses serious incidents and fatalities (“SIF”) to measure accidents and incidents that result in serious or fatal injuries and exceed a defined 
severity threshold. 
2Working hours (denominator) are based on actual hours recorded and extrapolation for employee metrics, and on extrapolation based on the 
contractors’ order volume for contractor metrics. 
3Lost-time injury frequency (“LTIF”) measures work-related accidents that result in lost time per million hours of work. Accidents and incidents per 
million hours of work that result in serious or fatal injuries and exceed a defined severity threshold. 
4Total recordable injury frequency (“TRIF”) is one of E.ON’s safety KPIs. It measures the total number of all reported work-related accidents and 
(acute) injuries, normalized to one million hours of work. E.ON has calculated employee TRIF since 2010 and combined TRIF— which includes 
contractor employees— since 2011. It measures work-related accidents that result in lost time per million hours of work. 
5The TRI‑relevant incidents include reported work‑related fatalities, occupational accidents, and injuries that resulted in lost time or required 
medical treatment, restricted work, or work at an alternative workplace. 
6E.ON does not have comprehensive data regarding work‑related illnesses of its employees. Data are collected by means of an in-house query and 
a query to the respective German employers’ liability insurance association. 
7Lost days due to occupational accidents (6,711) and work-related illness (0). First-time reporting in 2025. 
8As of the reporting date December 31, 2025. 
 
Fatal Occupational Accidents  
Regrettably, two contractor employees died in 2025 from accidents while performing electrical 
work. In May 2025, a contractor employee who was dismantling a medium-voltage tower station 
came into contact with energized components. The accident was fatal. In June 2025 a contractor 
employee was in the bucket of a scissor lift working on a live low-voltage overhead line. This 
resulted in an electric shock and the victim succumbed to his injuries. 
As described in the aforementioned processes, we investigate every fatal accident to determine 
the exact sequence of events. Each fatal accident is thoroughly investigated using the 
aforementioned processes so that we understand the exact course of events that led to it. 
Identifying root causes aims to enable us to take the measures necessary to prevent similar 
accidents in future. Nevertheless, serious and even fatal accidents still occur. E.ON cannot and 
will not accept this. It has therefore further intensified its efforts to prevent accidents. Examples 
include the Group-wide introduction of life-saving rules and the launch of the Contractor Safety 
@ Energy Networks project. It focuses on contractor employees in our network business and 
aims to prevent serious and fatal incidents in the future. No E.ON employees had fatal accidents. 
Other Employee-related Metrics 
The section entitled “Year-over-year Change in Employee Numbers” in the Our Success Factors → 
chapter provides information on the characteristics of the Company’s employees in accordance 
with S1-6 para. 50a-b, d-f. E.ON had 7,651 departures in 2025, resulting in a turnover rate of 
9.1 percent (2024: 8,199, 10.1 percent). This rate reflects employee resignations (voluntary 
turnover), employer-instigated terminations, retirements, expiring fixed-term contracts, and 
deaths relative to the average number of employees. The voluntary turnover rate, which is our 
key performance indicator, was 3.0 percent in 2025 (2024: 3,016, 3.7 percent) and involved 
2,509 departures.  

[page 121]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 121 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Energy Affordability 
Affordable energy is one of the main challenges of Europe’s energy transition. The energy crisis 
placed a heavy financial burden on households, businesses, and energy-intensive industries. Yet, 
going forward, Europe will need to make substantial investments to achieve its climate targets. 
Annual investments in the energy system must more than double EU-wide through 2030. 
Although all this is necessary to ensure sustainable and stable energy infrastructure in the future, 
it must not be at the expense of consumers. For example, renewables expansion is partly 
decoupled from energy demand and thus triggers high levels of investment. By contrast, 
coordinating the planning of grid demand with the expansion of renewables capacity would make 
it possible to flatten the investment curve and thus make the energy transition more pragmatic. 
Moreover, renewables are being expanded in some regions that lack the necessary grid 
infrastructure or no longer have sufficient transmission capacity. Enlarging grids after the fact 
leads to additional costs, which are ultimately paid by consumers in the form of grid fees. These 
are some of the factors that currently constrain the affordability of energy. For the transition to 
succeed, Europe needs to adopt a structured, forward-looking approach that reduces costs, limits 
price fluctuations, and simultaneously facilitates the necessary investments. 
E.ON’s Energy Playbook presents a concrete action plan for how Europe can achieve climate 
neutrality by 2050 while optimizing expansion in order to reduce costs. E.ON’s strategic approach 
focuses on scalable factors like electrification, digitalization, and flexibility. These measures will 
be pivotal for creating a stable and efficient energy system that is economically viable over the 
long term and benefits society as a whole. Electrification is considered the most cost-effective 
way to decarbonize, while digital solutions enable smart grids and energy management, which 
together can balance out consumption and generation and thus reduce cost-intensive peak loads. 
Close political dialog is indispensable for achieving these objectives. E.ON advocates in particular 
for better coordinating the expansion of renewable generating capacity, the growth in energy 
consumption, and available grid capacity and supplementing them with storage technologies and 
digital and flexible solutions. 
Managing Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities 
Actions 
Energy Playbook  
E.ON’s Energy Playbook presents specific proposals for Europe to achieve climate neutrality by 
2050 while ensuring economic viability for households, businesses, and economies. The 
document is aimed at policymakers, industry representatives, and interested members of the 
public. It aims to provide impetus for an efficient, affordable, and socially acceptable 
transformation of Europe’s energy system.  
E.ON’s Energy Playbook describes how a significant portion of necessary investments can be 
saved over the next 15 years by flattening the investment curve and prioritizing decarbonization 
measures based on abatement costs. Scaling the energy system in line with demand is a crucial 
aspect of this. 
E.ON is guided by three key principles: prioritization according to abatement costs, technology 
neutrality, and market-oriented instruments.  
The Political Dialog → chapter provides more information on our activities in relation to 
policymakers and business representatives. 
E.ON— alongside the strategic approaches described in the Energy Playbook— sees the possibility 
of helping make the energy transition’s implementation efficient and customer-oriented. This 
includes our investments to expand renewables, digitalize our networks, and introduce intelligent 
technologies like smart meters. These measures will help lay the foundation for a secure, reliable, 
and affordable energy supply. The sections below describe specific measures and projects with 
which E.ON is working to achieve these goals— from smart grids and digital solutions to eMobility 
infrastructure. The Climate Protection →, Security of Supply →, and EU Taxonomy → chapters 
provide more details on our investment amounts and management mechanisms. The Security of 
Supply → chapter also offers insights into our testing of new technologies. 
Entity-specific Topic  
Material Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities  
 
Affordable and Future-proof Energy System 
E.ON supports the energy system’s transition to renewables by offering innovative solutions 
whose scalable features— like electrification, digitalization, and flexibility— facilitate a lastingly 
stable energy system that is economically viable, benefits society as a whole, and remains 
affordable for users. 
  Short, medium, and long term  
  Actual positive impact     Time horizon 
 Upstream value chain   Own business activities   Downstream value chain 
 

[page 122]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 122 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Smart Grids  
E.ON is embracing smart grids so that it can operate reliable and stable networks in the energy 
world of the future and offer its customers a reliable supply of power and gas at reasonable 
prices. We are equipping them with sensors and control technology, increasing their automation, 
and adding a digital layer. This will enable us to manage energy flows in line with demand and to 
monitor our networks in real time and with greater granularity than today. In addition, smart-grid 
technology makes it possible to avoid some network expansion or distribute it over a longer 
period of time. 
Smart grids will serve as a platform for innovative technology and new business models that help 
make the energy transition a success. Examples include: 
• flexible B2C tariffs that use price incentives to manage demand and thus help stabilize 
networks 
• the combination of many decentralized power producers to form virtual power plants that 
respond dynamically to changes in consumption 
• peer-to-peer sharing solutions like local energy marketplaces for residential and business 
customers 
• fluctuation-tolerant local energy systems that combine battery, gas, or heat storage and 
complementary generation facilities 
Digital Solutions  
Digital solutions along the entire energy value chain are pivotal for tackling the energy transition’s 
challenges while keeping energy affordable. They enable more efficient use of existing resources, 
reduce energy consumption, and thus lower costs for businesses and end-customers. Our 
portfolio encompasses grid connection solutions, cloud-based systems for active energy 
management, smart heating controls, data management tools, and retrofit solutions for 
digitalizing existing components. These are complemented by digital twins for energy grids and 
platforms for managing distributed energy resources. These technologies can optimize energy 
flows, avoid peak loads, and reduce operating costs— and thus directly enhance the energy 
supply’s economic efficiency and sustainability. 
Smart energy meters make it possible to monitor and manage energy consumption and 
production in real time and to integrate energy management solutions. They are therefore pivotal 
for making the energy system more flexible. At year-end, E.ON records the number of smart 
energy meters installed by business unit. E.ON distribution network operators across Europe, 
which are part of our Energy Networks business division, are responsible for installing smart 
energy meters in their service territories. The exception is the United Kingdom, where our sales 
organization provides its customers with smart energy meters. German lawmakers created two 
roles for the provision of smart energy meters: the “basic metering point operator” is responsible 
for the nationwide rollout of legally mandated smart energy meters in distribution networks. The 
basic metering point operator is predominantly the local distribution network operator. The 
second legally defined role is that of “competitive metering point operators.” These operators 
compete with each other and, alongside standard smart energy meters, offer other solutions 
based on smart energy meters. 


[page 123]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 123 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
eMobility Infrastructure  
eMobility also plays a vital role in the energy transition. E.ON offers comprehensive infrastructure 
solutions for economical and climate-friendly charging. Through our E.ON Drive brand we plan 
and build charging stations and connect them to the power grid. E.ON also arranges the energy 
supply for the charging stations and operates the equipment. Our eMobility business continues to 
focus on three areas: E.ON Drive Solutions serves residential and business users by providing 
charging solutions for the workplace, on the road, and at home. These solutions include a variety 
of wall boxes along with tailored installation and energy services. In addition, E.ON Drive 
eTransport provides charging solutions for electrifying commercial vehicles. E.ON Drive 
Infrastructure is a charge point operator (“CPO”) in public spaces. 
Forward-looking Network Expansion for Electrification and Renewables  
E.ON’s heating business focuses on forward-looking grid expansion to enable the growing 
electrification of heating, transport, and industry as well as renewables growth. E.ON works 
closely with policymakers to revise the regulatory framework. The Political Dialog → chapter 
describes other measures and provides background information on how we help ensure an 
affordable and sustainable energy supply. 
Metrics 
The number of smart energy meters installed increased by 1.85 million to 17.70 million in fiscal 
year 2025. Our ongoing rollout of smart energy meters is leading to an increase in installations 
across all units. In particular, there has been a steady rise— roughly 12 percent in 2025— in the 
total number of smart energy meters installed, underscoring the continuous progress of the 
rollout. This growth trend is attributable to our ongoing implementation measures. The rollout is 
being conducted in accordance with an EU directive from 2021. It stipulates that all consumers 
must be provided with a smart meter to the degree that this is technically and financially feasible. 
Installed Smart Energy Meters 
Thousand units  2025   2024  
Rollout countries       
United Kingdom  6,970   6,435  
Germany1  7,730   6,909  
Sweden  1,061   1,050  
Pilot countries       
Romania  651   545  
Hungary  576   517  
Czech Republic  166   36  
Poland  550   361  
Total  17,705   15,854  
  
1Includes digital meters.  
 

[page 124]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 124 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Security of Supply 
E.ON is an energy company and distribution network operator. Providing a safe, reliable supply of 
power, gas, and heat is therefore a top priority. It involves more than just tackling technical 
challenges. Energy is indispensable for daily life, economic development, and social stability. For 
E.ON, security of supply is an integral public service. We therefore view security of supply as the 
foundation of our strategy— and the basis for our claim to be a reliable partner for households, 
businesses, and communities in every situation. 
To achieve this by using stable and smart network infrastructure that is designed to minimize 
risks like unplanned outages while responding flexibly to current developments in society. Energy 
demand is rising, while the highly complex nature of increasingly decentralized energy systems 
and ongoing digitalization places new demands on the secure operation and resilience of 
infrastructure. 
E.ON addresses these challenges by making targeted investments to expand and digitalize its 
networks and systems. Our goal is to be mindful of the economic efficiency of our investments 
and thus the affordability of energy for society— because security of supply must be ensured not 
only technically, but also economically. We are also committing to using smart systems safely 
and responsibly. The Cybersecurity → chapter contains more information on this topic. 
Our actions aim to make a decisive contribution to the energy transition and to lay the foundation 
for a sustainable, climate-friendly, and, above all, reliable energy supply. 
Managing Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities 
Security of Supply Policies 
E.ON’s regional network companies are responsible for the safe and reliable operation of their 
distribution networks. Network control centers manage network operations. They are also 
responsible for resolving unforeseeable outages in their service territory. E.ON’s crisis 
management system defines the responsibilities and procedures for dealing with widespread 
disruptions. The Business Resilience and Security Policy provides guidelines for such situations. 
The Chief Operating Officer– Networks (“COO– N”) oversees the Energy Networks business 
division. Under his leadership, three departments (Energy Networks Europe, Energy Networks 
Germany, and Energy Networks Technology & Innovation) at Corporate Functions manage the 
Group’s regional units. Their responsibilities include strategic development of the grid business, 
investment planning, and asset management. The digitalization of grid infrastructure is a key 
element of E.ON’s strategy for actively shaping the energy transition. The aim is to make the 
medium- and low-voltage networks controllable and observable using smart technologies. This 
enables grid bottlenecks to be identified at an early stage and avoided through automated 
interventions. 
Various laws, such as the Energy Industry Act (German abbreviation: “EnWG”), ensure the 
security of Germany’s electricity and gas supply. This law makes sure that sufficient generating 
capacity is available and that electricity and gas networks remain stable. The Federal Network 
Agency (German acronym: “BNetzA”) monitors compliance with these requirements. In 
emergency situations, the Energy Security Act (German abbreviation: “EnSiG”) and the Gas 
Security Ordinance (German abbreviation: “GasSV”) stipulate how vital gas requirements are to be 
met in order to ensure security of supply, even in times of crisis.  
E.ON likewise pursues a growth strategy to promote security of supply as well as decarbonization 
across many sectors of the economy. Achieving a balance between sustainability, security of 
supply, and affordability is key to these efforts. This is all the more important because our 
customers continue to expect a secure energy supply at affordable prices.  
Engagement with affected communities 
E.ON strives to take the views and concerns of the affected communities into account in its 
decisions and activities. This takes place through various forms of collaboration, such as citizen 
dialogs, the sharing of views within our industry and with regulators, as well as discussions with 
the BNetzA. 
ESRS S3: Material Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities  
 
Stable Grid Infrastructure for a Secure Energy Supply 
As an energy company and distribution network operator, E.ON helps secure society’s energy 
supply. Stable, smart power grids reduce service interruptions, which lastingly strengthens 
security of supply for customers. 
 Short term  
 Actual positive impact    Time horizon 
 Upstream value chain   Own business activities   Downstream value chain 
 

[page 125]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 125 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
E.ON is aware of the safety risks associated with supplying communities with power and gas. We 
therefore take steps to educate the public about the dangers surrounding power and gas. 
Examples include flyers, safety tips, and information on websites or in articles in trade journals. In 
addition, we partner with local fire departments and emergency-response organizations to train 
them in the use of electrical equipment in particular. We also provide support for crisis drills. 
Due to security of supply’s social relevance, legislators represent various groups’ interests and 
exercise this function by enacting a variety of regulatory requirements. Industrial customers that 
operate high-precision production facilities require a constant network frequency. If frequency 
fluctuates, machinery can break down, resulting in additional costs. A complete interruption of 
the power supply could have serious consequences— and not just for industrial customers. Most 
processes at companies, government agencies, and households are not possible without 
electricity. E.ON dialogs with local residents and customers to address their expectations and 
concerns about risks relating to security of supply.  
We involve the communities we serve at different phases depending on the respective decision-
making processes and activities. This can begin as early as the planning phase and extend through 
implementation and operation. The type and frequency of involvement reflect each community’s 
particular needs and demands. 
Certain functions at our distribution system operators have operational responsibility for 
community involvement. These functions may have different places in an organization’s setup. 
They ensure that the findings of community involvement are incorporated into the business plan. 
This is to ensure that we appropriately consider communities’ concerns. Schleswig-Holstein Netz, 
an E.ON network operator in northern Germany, provides an example of proactive community 
dialog. It conducts an energy dialog and a network operator forum on an annual basis to promote 
useful dialog with customers and interested parties. 
Minimizing Negative Impacts, Providing Channels for Customers to Express Concerns 
E.ON places great emphasis on ensuring that all customers and other affected stakeholders can 
make suggestions or express their needs quickly and easily. Numerous channels— such as mail, 
fax, telephone, our online energy portal, social media, and branch offices— are available for this 
purpose. In addition, all of our distribution assets have a sign displaying an outage hotline that can 
be used to report an outage. 
Our network operators’ websites have a form that can be used to make quick and easy written 
contact. The data entered are automatically forwarded to the correct department. Customers 
receive a response within 24 hours. Staff in our network operators’ branch offices are available to 
provide free, personal, expert, and comprehensive advice— if desired, outside normal business 
hours. In addition, individual on-site appointments can be used to address concerns. At the 
request of a municipality in one of our network territories, we can hold a town hall information 
event at which one of our employees advises residents on all topics relating to the energy supply. 


[page 126]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 126 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Our application documents for planning approval procedures for network expansion projects are 
displayed for one month in the town halls of nearby towns and municipalities. This is announced 
publicly in advance. All citizens can use the public display as an opportunity to state suggestions 
and concerns about specific aspects of the plan. 
Our Group-wide organization is designed to ensure that customers have access to qualified 
contact people, IT-supported processes, and regional service offerings. Local municipal advisors 
organize information events in the area to keep communities and interested parties up to date on 
current topics and developments in the energy sector. They ensure that suggestions and 
complaints are dealt with promptly and consult company experts for this purpose. 
Actions 
E.ON has investment and maintenance programs under which it expands and maintains its 
networks. This is to enable us to ensure that all our network customers are connected to the 
network and receive a reliable energy supply. The Climate Protection → chapter contains more 
information about sustainable investments.  
Our regional network companies are responsible for carrying out the measures which are planned 
for one or more years. E.ON invested about €7.0 billion in network expansion in 2025 (2024: €5.8 
billion). Part of the investment budget went toward the gradual expansion of smart grids: E.ON’s 
network structure is being progressively equipped with sensors, control and relay technology, as 
well as being automated and digitally networked. The increasing use of smart-grid technology 
makes it possible to avoid or delay costly investments in network expansion by, for example, 
using new technology to make better use of existing overhead lines. Investment decisions always 
consider the efficiency of each measure alongside security of supply. This means that E.ON 
chooses those solutions that, under the prevailing circumstances, make the most sense from both 
a technical and business standpoint. The introduction of an asset management system in line with 
ISO 55001 supports the systematization of decision-making. The core objective is to make 
optimal use of existing resources (in particular budgets, materials, and personnel). This involves 
evaluating projects according to criteria such as cost-effectiveness, feasibility, and environmental 
and community impact. 
E.ON and its network companies provide the necessary human, technical, and financial resources 
to manage the impact of network construction projects. Employees who conduct regional public 
relations are responsible for all communications with all stakeholders affected by, say, a network 
expansion project. They support projects by, for example, issuing press releases and holding 
media events. They have all the necessary technical resources, such as a fully equipped (mobile) 
workstation, to perform these tasks. 
Targets and Metrics  
E.ON’s specific targets for rolling out digital local network stations (“digiONS”) and ramping up 
smart meters are helping lay the groundwork for dynamic, flexible network management. These 
actions aim to ensure a stable, efficient, and affordable energy supply— even amid the rapidly 
growing demand for new connections for renewables, heat pumps, and charging infrastructure. 
E.ON’s goals for the use of smart technologies vary by country and generally go well beyond the 
respective regulatory agency’s requirements. 
Through regular dialog and cooperation with the BNetzA, E.ON aims to ensure that its electricity 
and gas supply complies with legal requirements and meets stakeholders’ needs. Security of 
supply is heavily regulated, and E.ON does not set quantitative targets and focuses instead on 
meeting regulatory requirements. 
Nevertheless, E.ON measures the quality of the electricity supply by means of an additional key 
performance indicator: System Average Interruption Duration Index (“SAIDI”), which measures 
the average duration of power interruptions per consumer per year. It serves as an indicator of the 
electricity supply’s reliability and enables E.ON to continually improve its performance and further 
enhance supply reliability. 
SAIDI reflects all planned and unplanned service interruptions in the distribution networks of 
E.ON’s fully consolidated regional network companies. The figures for Germany reflect the 
weighted average of its fully consolidated network companies there. They are calculated using 
the method prescribed by the BNetzA. The calculations are based on service interruptions that 
have been verified by the BNetzA. All other countries in which E.ON operates networks have 
similar quality standards. Their national regulatory agencies verify and validate network 
operators’ reported service interruptions. SAIDI figures for each country therefore reflect the 
methodology prescribed by its regulatory agency. 

[page 127]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 127 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
By the end of the data collection period in 2025, no regulatory agency had completed the process 
of validating supply interruptions for 2025. This report is intended to contain final figures on 
supply reliability that have been officially validated. Consequently, the country-specific figures for 
the prior year are disclosed at right.  
At regular intervals, our network operators report SAIDI and other KPIs, such as network losses, 
to the E.ON Management Board member responsible for network operations for the purpose of 
managing supply reliability. The Segment Information → chapter provides more information on 
network losses.  
The following presentation of SAIDI figures considers different interruption causes when 
classifying disruption-related interruptions in individual countries because their respective 
national regulatory agencies use different methodologies. SAIDI figures are generally reported 
without interruptions due to force majeure; any exceptions are indicated. We report SAIDI— the 
overall figure and broken down into scheduled and unscheduled service interruptions— by 
country. 
 

[page 128]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 128 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Cybersecurity 
Cybersecurity is an indispensable strategic cornerstone of our digital future. The increasing 
digitalization and interconnection of critical infrastructures and systems leads to a greater risk of 
cyberattacks as well. Such attacks can compromise systems’ availability, integrity, and data 
security and disrupt security of supply.  
For E.ON, this means that cybersecurity is not only a technical necessity, but also an essential 
component of the energy system and E.ON’s pledge of trust to all stakeholders. E.ON’s goal is to 
make its systems so secure that internal users, customers, and suppliers can trust them at all 
times. 
The increasing number of players connecting to E.ON’s systems renders the challenge more 
complex. E.ON addresses it by working continually to maintain a comprehensive cybersecurity 
system that factors in technology as well as people. E.ON’s forward-looking measures and 
innovative solutions aim to lay the foundation for a resilient and trusted energy system that can 
meet the growing demands of a digitalized and decentralized energy world. 
Managing Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities 
Cybersecurity Policies 
E.ON adopts a holistic security approach for its critical infrastructure that encompasses physical, 
organizational, and digital protective measures. 
E.ON has an established cybersecurity organization whose mission is to protect systems and data 
across relevant access and processing environments. As digital systems are expanded within 
E.ON’s critical infrastructures, the guiding principle is that internal and external stakeholders can 
develop trust in these systems and that risks such as outages are minimized wherever possible. 
E.ON takes a systematic approach to ensuring the reliability and resilience of the energy supply. 
Cybersecurity— alongside physical and organizational measures— is integral to our resilience 
strategy. We work continually to secure our infrastructure and customer solutions against both 
physical and digital threats and to prevent operational disruptions. In crisis situations— whether 
caused by natural events, technical malfunctions, or cyberattacks— our objective is to respond 
quickly and professionally.  
Entity-specific Topic  
Material Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities  
 
Cybersecurity as the Foundation of Reliable Digital Infrastructure 
The expansion of digital systems in E.ON’s critical infrastructure needs to be designed so that 
internal users, customers, and suppliers can trust the digital systems. We must prevent 
cyberattacks from adversely affecting the technical availability of our systems and networks. 
 Short term  
 Potential negative impact     Time horizon 
 Upstream value chain   Own business activities   Downstream business activities 
 


[page 129]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 129 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The Cybersecurity function is responsible for addressing risks to E.ON’s technology and 
information that could adversely affect E.ON’s business or the trust in its customer solutions. This 
function’s tasks include designing a Group-wide cybersecurity strategy, monitoring its 
implementation, and coordinating the cybersecurity organization across E.ON. E.ON’s Chief 
Information Security Officer (“CISO”) oversees the Group-wide cybersecurity organization, which 
is assigned to the Management Board’s digital remit. The Group-wide cybersecurity organization 
includes Information Security Officers (“ISOs”) appointed by the business units. They report to the 
CISO as well as to their unit’s board on relevant matters arising in their organizations. The CISO 
reports on a regular basis— as well as ad hoc in the event of serious security incidents— to the 
E.ON SE Management Board and the Supervisory Board. These vertical and horizontal reporting 
pathways are designed to ensure transparent and consistent reporting. 
E.ON updates its cybersecurity strategy on an annual basis and continually adjusts its company 
rules to counter cyberattacks that deploy new technologies and attack scenarios. Our 
cybersecurity governance framework applies to the entire E.ON Group and covers all relevant 
aspects of cybersecurity. It includes our Cybersecurity Policy, Employee Cybersecurity Policy, and 
other specific cybersecurity rules and requirements contained in company standards and 
directives. These documents are accessible to all employees on our intranet. In addition, E.ON is 
committed to improving its security culture, identity and access management, cloud security, and 
new detection and prevention capabilities, particularly for software vulnerabilities. 
Actions 
Safeguarding all company information— in oral, written, and digital form— is crucial to preventing 
damage to E.ON’s competitive position, brand, and reputation. E.ON has therefore established an 
information security management system (“ISMS”) based on the set of standards of the ISO 270x 
series, an internationally recognized standard for information security. This enables E.ON 
employees to design and operate new solutions at the required level of cybersecurity. For E.ON it 
is important to protect technology and data as well as customers, critical infrastructure, and 
society from negative impacts. The ISMS is certified in areas where this is required by law or 
regulation. 
Cyberattacks are among the key threats for crisis and continuity management as well as 
emergency preparedness. This makes close cooperation with the Business Resilience & Security 
Management function essential. Cybersecurity is therefore part of our Group-wide crisis 
organization, which conducts exercises on a regular basis. We continually adapt these 
organizational structures and processes to meet new threat situations and attach particular 
importance to permanently stabilizing and further bolstering all existing security and resilience 
measures. These measures are intended to help prepare E.ON for digital and physical crises. 
E.ON works to ensure and maintain the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of its information 
resources. This includes monitoring infrastructure, vulnerabilities, and threats as well as detecting 
and responding to security events like cyberattacks. For this purpose, we conduct internal and 
external tests of our systems’ security on a regular basis. 
E.ON uses eLearning, phishing simulations, and in-house workshops such as live hacking 
demonstrations to familiarize its employees with cybersecurity risks. To enable its employees to 
handle confidential information properly, E.ON uses electronic document labeling, which is also 
linked to access and encryption mechanisms. E.ON conducts an ongoing phishing awareness 
campaign that involves simulated phishing emails sent to employees several times a month. In 
addition, E.ON periodically performs penetration testing for critical services in order to further 
harden them against cyberattacks. 
Cybersecurity— alongside reinforcing employee awareness— is an essential part of our energy 
system and is becoming more important as our infrastructure is digitalized and as new innovative 
components are integrated into it. The more players that connect to our infrastructure and 
actively participate in the energy system, the more complex it becomes.  
E.ON periodically assesses the ISMS’s maturity and reports the findings to the Cyber Security and 
Data Protection Council on a quarterly basis. If deficiencies or improvement potential are 
identified, the Cybersecurity function takes appropriate action. The principal purpose of these 
adjustments is to counter possible adverse impacts on systems, energy networks, and energy 
equipment. 
Ongoing awareness-raising on security and resilience issues as well as information sharing within 
the organization enhance E.ON’s resilience to physical and digital risks.

[page 130]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 130 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Governance
Political Dialog 
Policy and regulatory frameworks are crucial for establishing an affordable, climate-friendly, and 
secure energy supply. They establish the guardrails within which innovation, investment, and the 
transformation of the energy system can happen. We aim to use political dialog to promote a 
sustainable energy system that focuses not only on environmental aspects but also on the 
economic needs of consumers and companies, actively involving them in the energy transition. To 
ensure this, E.ON engages in continuous dialog with policymakers, government agencies, 
associations, and its customers. 
This includes advocating for an efficient, forward-looking, and thus affordable energy transition. 
The expansion of renewable generating capacity and grid infrastructure must be synchronized. 
For example, building wind farms in regions without sufficient network capacity leads to 
inefficiencies and increased costs, which are then passed on to consumers. Every new generating 
facility necessitates investment in a network connection as well. Extending the timeframe and 
improving coordination with grid expansion can help make the energy transition more efficient 
overall and thus more cost-effective. 
Germany’s current and future rules on incentive regulation represent another key challenge. The 
ability to raise the investment capital necessary for network expansion requires attractive and 
reliable economic conditions. We therefore continue to advocate for regulations that make 
investment in grid infrastructure more attractive and thus enable the energy transition to 
succeed. This is one of the ways we would like to actively fulfill our role as the “playmaker of the 
energy transition.” 
Managing Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities 
Political Dialog Policies 
In the E.ON Group, the CEO in particular represents the Company and advocates its positions and 
interests to stakeholders. The Management Board is monitored by the Supervisory Board in 
accordance with the applicable legal regulations. The Communications and Political Affairs 
department, which is part of the CEO’s area of responsibility, coordinates the CEO’s policy-related 
activities. E.ON maintains offices in Berlin and Brussels for contacts with policymakers, trade 
associations, and other stakeholders. 
The Political Affairs department works closely with experts from relevant units to analyze the 
potential impact of proposed new legislation and, in collaboration with the Legal Affairs 
department, develops appropriate positions that are communicated to political stakeholders. 
We regularly publish our energy policy orientation and positions on issues that are important to 
us on our corporate website. 
Actions 
E.ON actively participates in political debates on issues that affect it. We use a variety of formats 
for this purpose, such as media interviews, public appearances by executives, and information 
events. E.ON is asked by policymakers and regulatory agencies to contribute its technical and 
energy-policy expertise to decision-making processes. The Company also proactively offers its 
expertise. This form of representation of interests is important because policy and regulatory 
decisions have a significant influence on the energy sector. 
In 2025 policy discussions on energy issues in Brussels and Berlin focused on the financial and 
regulatory conditions for the success and broad acceptance of the energy transition, its 
affordability for private consumers and industry, and the necessary expansion of infrastructure.  
E.ON actively participates in the debate on the energy transition’s future. The new European 
Commission aims to enhance Europe’s competitiveness. At the start of its term, we published the 
Energy Playbook, which presents a cost-effective strategy for achieving climate neutrality. 
Together with policymakers and stakeholders, we are looking for solutions to make Europe’s path 
to a net-zero emissions economy viable for the future while simultaneously ensuring security of 
supply, energy system resilience, and affordable energy solutions. 
ESRS G1: Material Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities  
 
Dialog for a Sustainable Energy System 
E.ON engages in dialog with policymakers, government agencies, industry networks, associations, 
and customers to bring about a sustainable energy system that actively involves people in the 
energy transition. 
 Short and medium term  
 Actual positive impact    Time horizon 
 Upstream value chain   Own business activities  Downstream value chain 
 

[page 131]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 131 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
E.ON contributed to Germany’s energy policy debate in the runup to the federal elections. Our 
focus was on the energy transition’s cost efficiency and affordability. We advocated, for example, 
reducing Germany’s electricity tax and introducing a federal subsidy for network fees. Other 
aspects include the market and system integration of renewables and demand-side sources of 
flexibility as well as the introduction of a capacity market to safeguard security of supply. 
A key task in the context of the energy transition is to ensure that the expansion of electricity grid 
infrastructure keeps pace with developments on both the feed-in and consumption side. 
Examples of these developments include the aforementioned overall greater electrification of the 
transport, heating, and industrial sectors on the consumption side and robust renewables growth 
on the generation side. We attach great importance to anticipatory network expansion to enable 
us to address these future developments. The aim is to expand our networks in line with the 2045 
target system, the year in which almost no more greenhouse gases may be emitted. This target-
oriented network expansion currently lacks a sufficient regulatory framework. We are in 
discussions about this with political and regulatory decision-makers at both the European and 
national level. We assume that this will ultimately make the correctly dimensioned infrastructure 
available faster and more cost-effectively— which will mean an efficient use of resources by E.ON 
and ensure that consumers have a reasonably priced electricity supply. 
E.ON supports ongoing electrification en route to climate neutrality. Further expanding and 
modernizing electricity grid infrastructure is a key prerequisite for this. All scenarios for achieving 
this goal indicate a considerable need for investment in power networks. E.ON is therefore 
working at both the European and national levels to engage with policymakers and authorities to 
create a reliable framework that promotes private investment in networks. 
Targets and Metrics 
E.ON’s policy-related activities are characterized by a high level of transparency; the individuals 
involved, topics, and financial resources are listed in the European Transparency Register under 
the identification number 72760517350-57 and in the German Bundestag’s lobby register under 
the register number R002309. These entries transparently disclose the costs of policy-related 
activities. E.ON does not make direct or indirect payments to political parties or party-affiliated 
organizations.


[page 132]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 132 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Appendix to the Sustainability Statement 
Index to the Sustainability Statement 
ESRS Disclosure Requirements  References, Links and Comments 
General Information   
ESRS 2: General Disclosures    
Basis for preparation   
BP-1: General basis for preparation of sustainability statements   General Information → Basis for Preparation 
About this report1 → (ESRS BP-1 para. 3) 
BP-2: Disclosures in relation to specific circumstances   General Information → Basis for Preparation 
Governance 
  
GOV-1: The role of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies   General Information → Management’s Focus on Sustainability 
Management Control System1 → (ESRS GOV-1 para. 22c-d) 
GOV-2: Information provided to and sustainability matters addressed by the undertaking’s 
administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
 General Information → Management’s Focus on Sustainability 
GOV-3: Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive schemes  General Information → Sustainability in Compensation 
GOV-4: Statement on due diligence  General Information → Fulfilling Our Due Diligence Obligation 
GOV-5: Risk management and internal controls over Sustainability Reporting   General Information → Risk Management and Internal Controls for Sustainability Reporting 
Internal Control System1 → (ESRS 2 GOV-5) 
Strategy 
  
SBM-1: Strategy, business model and value chain   General Information → Strategy, Business Model, and Value Chain 
Strategy and Targets1 → (ESRS 2 SBM-1 para. 40e-g) 
Segment Information1 → (ESRS 2 SBM-1 para. 40a i. and ii. and para. 42) 
Year-over-year Change in Employee Numbers1 → (ESRS 2 SBM-1 para. 40a iii) 
EU Taxonomy → Revenues 
SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders  General Information → Stakeholder Engagement 
   
1The following information is incorporated by reference into the Sustainability Statement. The ESRS disclosure requirements contained in this section are stated in brackets.  

[page 133]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 133 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
ESRS Disclosure Requirements  References, Links and Comments 
SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model  General Information → Material Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities and Their Interaction with Our 
Strategy and Business Model, Materiality Assessment Process 
Strategy and Targets1 → (ESRS 2 SBM-3 para. 48b, d) 
Climate Protection → Scenario Analysis and Climate Resilience (ESRS E2 para. 48f, ESRS E1 para. 18-
19) 
Biodiversity → Reporting in accordance with the Quick Fix Amendment 
Occupational Health and Safety → Employee-related Policies (ESRS S1 para. 13-16) 
Security of Supply → Security of Supply Policies (ESRS S3 para. 8-11) 
Risks and Opportunities Report1 → ESG risks/opportunities (ESRS E1 para. 18-19) 
 
No disclosure on ESRS 2 SBM-3 para. 48e in 2025, use of phase-in regulation 
Impact, risk, and opportunity management   
Disclosures on the materiality assessment process   
IRO-1: Description of the processes to identify and assess material impacts, risks and opportunities   General Information → Materiality Assessment Process (ESRS 2 IRO-1 and ESRS G1 para. 6) 
Climate Protection → Scenario Analysis and Climate Resilience (ESRS E1 para. 20-21) 
Biodiversity → Managing Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities (ESRS E4 para. 17 and 19) 
Risks and Opportunities Report → ESG risks/opportunities (ESRS 2 IRO-1 para. 53c iii. and e as well as 
in the context of ESRS E1 para. 20-21) 
IRO-2: Disclosure requirements in ESRS covered by the undertaking’s sustainability statement  General Information → Basis for Preparation 
Appendix to the Sustainability Statement → Index to the Sustainability Statement 
Appendix to the Sustainability Statement → List of datapoints in cross-cutting and topical standards 
that derive from other EU legislation 
Environmental information    
Disclosures in accordance with Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy Regulation)  EU Taxonomy → 
 
The section “ESG risks/opportunities” in the Risks and Opportunities Report → contains further details 
on the approach to avoiding significant adverse effects in terms of Environmental Objective 2 “Climate 
change adaptation.” 
ESRS E1: Climate Change   
Strategy    
E1-1: Transition plan for climate change mitigation  Climate Protection → Decarbonization Strategy  
Impact, risk, and opportunity management   
E1-2: Policies related to climate change mitigation and adaptation   Climate Protection → Climate Protection Policies  
E1-3: Actions and resources in relation to climate change policies  Climate Protection → Actions  
Metrics and targets   
E1-4: Targets related to climate change mitigation and adaptation  Climate Protection → Targets and Metrics  
Strategy and Targets1 → (ESRS E1 para. 34a) 
E1-5: Energy consumption and mix  Climate Protection → Targets and Metrics  
   
1The following information is incorporated by reference into the Sustainability Statement. The ESRS disclosure requirements contained in this section are stated in brackets.  

[page 134]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 134 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
ESRS Disclosure Requirements  References, Links and Comments 
E1-6: Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG emissions  Climate Protection → Targets and Metrics 
Appendix to the Sustainability Statement → Information in accordance with ESRS E1 Application 
Requirement 48 
E1-7: GHG removals and GHG mitigation projects financed through carbon credits  Climate Protection → Targets and Metrics  
E1-8: Internal carbon pricing  Climate Protection → Targets and Metrics  
E1-9: Anticipated financial effects from material physical and transition risks and potential climate-related 
opportunities 
 No reporting in 2025, use of the Phase-In Regulation 
   
ESRS E4: Biodiversity and ecosystems  Biodiversity → 
Strategy   
E4-1: Transition plan and consideration of biodiversity and ecosystems in strategy and business model  Reporting in accordance with the Quick Fix Amendment 
Impact, risk, and opportunity management   
E4-2: Policies related to biodiversity and ecosystems  Reporting in accordance with the Quick Fix Amendment 
E4-3: Actions and resources related to biodiversity and ecosystems  Reporting in accordance with the Quick Fix Amendment 
Metrics and targets   
E4-4: Targets related to biodiversity and ecosystems  Reporting in accordance with the Quick Fix Amendment 
E4-5: Impact metrics related to biodiversity and ecosystems change  Reporting in accordance with the Quick Fix Amendment 
E4-6: Anticipated financial effects from biodiversity and ecosystem-related risks and opportunities  Reporting in accordance with the Quick Fix Amendment 
   
Social Information   
ESRS S1: Own Workforce   
Impact, risk, and opportunity management    
S1-1: Policies related to own workforce   Occupational Health and Safety → Employee-related Policies  
S1-2: Processes for engaging with own workers and workers’ representatives about impacts  Occupational Health and Safety → Dialog with Employees and Complaints Mechanisms 
S1-3: Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workers to raise concerns  Occupational Health and Safety → Dialog with Employees and Complaints Mechanisms 
S1-4: Taking action on material impacts on own workforce, and approaches to mitigating material risks 
and pursuing material opportunities related to own workforce, and effectiveness of those actions 
 Occupational Health and Safety → Actions 
Metrics and targets   
S1-5: Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and managing 
material risks and opportunities 
 Occupational Health and Safety → Targets and Metrics  
S1-6: Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees  Occupational Health and Safety → Other Employee-related Metrics  
Year-over-year Change in Employee Numbers1 → (ESRS S1 para. 50) 
S1-14: Health and safety metrics  Occupational Health and Safety → Targets and Metrics  
   
1The following information is incorporated by reference into the Sustainability Statement. The ESRS disclosure requirements contained in this section are stated in brackets.  

[page 135]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 135 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
ESRS Disclosure Requirements  References, Links and Comments 
ESRS S3: Affected Communities    
Impact, risk, and opportunity management   
S3-1: Policies related to affected communities  Security of Supply → Security of Supply Policies 
S3-2: Processes for engaging with affected communities about impacts  Security of Supply → Engagement with Affected Communities 
S3-3: Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for affected communities to raise concerns  Security of Supply → Minimizing Negative Impacts, Providing Channels for Customers to Express 
Concerns 
S3-4: Taking action on material impacts on affected communities, and approaches to managing material 
risks and pursuing material opportunities related to affected communities, and effectiveness of those 
actions 
 Security of Supply → Actions 
 Metrics and targets   
S3-5: Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and managing 
material risks and opportunities 
 Security of Supply → Targets and Metrics 
   
Governance information    
ESRS G1: Business Conduct  Political Dialog → 
Metrics and targets   
G1-5: Political influence and lobbying activities  Political Dialog → Targets and Metrics 
   
Entity-specific Information   
Energy Affordability  Energy Affordability → 
Cybersecurity  Cybersecurity →  
 
 
 
 
  

[page 136]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 136 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
List of Datapoints in Cross-cutting and Topical Standards That Derive from Other EU Legislation 
Disclosure Requirement and 
Related Datapoint 
 SFDR Reference1  Pillar 3 Reference2  Benchmark Regulation 
Reference3 
 EU Climate Law Reference4  Reference 
ESRS 2 GOV-1 Board's gender diversity 
paragraph 21 (d) 
 Indicator number 13 of Table #1 of 
Annex 1 
   Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2020/1816(5), Annex II 
   General Information → Management’s 
Focus on Sustainability  
ESRS 2 GOV-1 Percentage of board 
members who are independent 
paragraph 21 (e) 
     Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II  
   General Information → Management’s 
Focus on Sustainability  
ESRS 2 GOV-4 Statement on due 
diligence paragraph 30 
 Indicator number 10 Table #3 of  
Annex 1  
       General Information → Fulfilling Our 
Due Diligence Obligation 
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Involvement in activities 
related to fossil fuel activities  
paragraph 40 (d) i 
 Indicators number 4 Table #1 of  
Annex 1  
 Article 449a Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013; Commission Implementing 
Regulation (EU) 2022/2453(6)Table 1: 
Qualitative information on 
Environmental risk and Table 2: 
Qualitative information on Social risk 
 Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II 
 
 
   General Information → Strategy, 
Business Model, and Value Chain  
EU Taxonomy → Revenues  
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Involvement in activities 
related to chemical production 
paragraph 40 (d) ii 
 Indicator number 9 Table #2 of Annex 1    Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II 
 
 
   E.ON has no involvement in activities 
related to the production of chemicals 
(paragraph 40 (d) ii). 
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Involvement in activities 
related to controversial weapons 
paragraph 40 (d) iii 
 Indicator number 14 Table #1 of  
Annex 1 
   Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818(7), Article 12(1) 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II 
   E.ON has no involvement in activities 
related to controversial weapons 
(paragraph 40 (d) iii). 
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Involvement in activities 
related to cultivation and production of 
tobacco paragraph 40 (d) iv 
     Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818, Article 12(1) Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II 
   E.ON has no involvement in activities 
related to the cultivation and 
production of tobacco (paragraph 40 (d) 
iv). 
ESRS E1-1 Transition plan to reach 
climate neutrality by 2050  
paragraph 14 
       Regulation (EU) 2021/1119,  
Article 2(1) 
 Climate Protection → Decarbonization 
Strategy 
ESRS E1-1 Undertakings excluded from 
Paris-aligned Benchmarks  
paragraph 16 (g) 
   Article 449a 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; 
Commission Implementing Regulation 
(EU) 2022/2453 Template 1: Banking 
book-Climate Change transition risk: 
Credit quality of exposures by sector, 
emissions and residual maturity 
 Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818, Article12.1 (d) to (g), and 
Article 12.2 
   Climate Protection → Decarbonization 
Strategy 
ESRS E1-4 GHG emission reduction 
targets paragraph 34 
 Indicator number 4 Table #2 of Annex 1   Article 449a 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013; 
Commission Implementing Regulation 
(EU) 2022/2453 Template 3: Banking 
book –  Climate change transition risk: 
alignment metrics 
 Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818, Article 6 
   Climate Protection → Targets and 
Metrics 
 

[page 137]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 137 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Disclosure Requirement and 
Related Datapoint 
 SFDR Reference1  Pillar 3 Reference2  Benchmark Regulation 
Reference3 
 EU Climate Law Reference4  Reference 
ESRS E1-5 Energy consumption from 
fossil sources disaggregated by sources 
(only high climate impact sectors) 
paragraph 38 
 Indicator number 5 Table #1 and 
Indicator n. 5 Table #2 of Annex 1 
 
       Climate Protection → Targets and 
Metrics 
 
ESRS E1-5 Energy consumption and 
mix paragraph 37 
 Indicator number 5 Table #1 of Annex 1         Climate Protection → Targets and 
Metrics 
ESRS E1-5 Energy intensity associated 
with activities in high climate impact 
sectors paragraphs 40 to 43 
 Indicator number 6 Table #1 of Annex 1         Climate Protection → Targets and 
Metrics 
ESRS E1-6 Gross Scope 1, 2, 3 and 
Total GHG emissions paragraph 44 
 Indicators number 1 and 2 Table #1 of 
Annex 1 
 Article 449a; Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013; Commission Implementing 
Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 Template 
1: Banking book –  Climate change 
transition risk: Credit quality of 
exposures by sector, emissions and 
residual maturity 
 Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818, Article 5(1), 6 and 8(1) 
   Climate Protection → Targets and 
Metrics 
Appendix to the Sustainability 
Statement → Information in accordance 
with ESRS E1 Application Requirement 
48 
ESRS E1-6 Gross GHG emissions 
intensity paragraphs 53 to 55 
 Indicators number 3 Table #1 of  
Annex 1 
 Article 449a Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013; Commission Implementing 
Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 Template 
3: Banking book –  Climate change 
transition risk: alignment metrics  
 Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818, Article 8(1) 
 
 
   Climate Protection → Targets and 
Metrics 
 
ESRS E1-7 GHG removals and carbon 
credits paragraph 56 
       Regulation (EU) 2021/1119,  
Article 2(1) 
 Climate Protection → Targets and 
Metrics  
ESRS E1-9 Exposure of the benchmark 
portfolio to climate-related physical 
risks paragraph 66 
     Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818, Annex II Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2020/1816, Annex II 
   No reporting in 2025, use of the Phase-
In Regulation 
ESRS E1-9 Disaggregation of monetary 
amounts by acute and chronic physical 
risk paragraph 66 (a) 
ESRS E1-9 Location of significant 
assets at material physical risk 
paragraph 66 (c). 
   Article 449a Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013; Commission Implementing 
Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 paragraphs 
46 and 47; Template 5: Banking book - 
Climate change physical risk: Exposures 
subject to physical risk. 
     No reporting in 2025, use of the Phase-
In Regulation 
ESRS E1-9 Breakdown of the carrying 
value of its real estate assets by 
energy-efficiency classes  
paragraph 67 (c). 
   Article 449a Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013; Commission Implementing 
Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 paragraph 
34; Template 2:Banking book -Climate 
change transition risk: Loans 
collateralised by immovable property - 
Energy efficiency of the collateral 
     No reporting in 2025, use of the Phase-
In Regulation 
ESRS E1-9 Degree of exposure of the 
portfolio to climate-related 
opportunities paragraph 69 
    
 
 Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818, Annex II 
   No reporting in 2025, use of the Phase-
In Regulation 

[page 138]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 138 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Disclosure Requirement and 
Related Datapoint 
 SFDR Reference1  Pillar 3 Reference2  Benchmark Regulation 
Reference3 
 EU Climate Law Reference4  Reference 
ESRS E2-4 Amount of each pollutant 
listed in Annex II of the E-PRTR 
Regulation (European Pollutant Release 
and Transfer Register) emitted to air, 
water and soil, paragraph 28 
 Indicator number 8 Table #1 of Annex 1 
Indicator number 2 Table #2 of Annex 1 
Indicator number 1 Table #2 of Annex 1 
Indicator number 3 Table #2 of Annex 1 
       ESRS E2 was not identified as material. 
Disclosures on ESRS E2-4 are therefore 
not reported. 
ESRS E3-1 Water and marine resources 
paragraph 9 
 Indicator number 7 Table #2 of Annex 1        ESRS E3 was not identified as material. 
Disclosures on ESRS E3-1 are therefore 
not reported. 
ESRS E3-1 Dedicated policy  
paragraph 13 
 Indicator number 8 Table 2 of Annex 1        ESRS E3 was not identified as material. 
Disclosures on ESRS E3-1 are therefore 
not reported. 
ESRS E3-1 Sustainable oceans and seas 
paragraph 14 
 Indicator number 12 Table #2 of  
Annex 1 
       ESRS E3 was not identified as material. 
Disclosures on ESRS E3-1 are therefore 
not reported. 
ESRS E3-4 Total water recycled and 
reused paragraph 28 (c) 
 Indicator number 6.2 Table #2 of  
Annex 1 
       ESRS E3 was not identified as material. 
Disclosures on ESRS E3-4 are therefore 
not reported. 
ESRS E3-4 Total water consumption in 
m3 per net revenue on own operations 
paragraph 29 
 Indicator number 6.1 Table #2 of  
Annex 1 
       ESRS E3 was not identified as material. 
Disclosures on ESRS E3-4 are therefore 
not reported. 
ESRS 2- SBM-3 - E4 paragraph 16 (a) i  Indicator number 7 Table #1 of  
Annex 1 
       Reporting in accordance with the Quick 
Fix Amendment 
ESRS 2- SBM-3 - E4 paragraph 16 (b)  Indicator number 10 Table #2 of  
Annex 1 
       Reporting in accordance with the Quick 
Fix Amendment 
ESRS 2- SBM-3 - E4 paragraph 16 (c)  Indicator number 14 Table #2 of  
Annex 1 
       Reporting in accordance with the Quick 
Fix Amendment 
ESRS E4-2 Sustainable land / 
agriculture practices or policies 
paragraph 24 (b) 
 Indicator number 11 Table #2 of  
Annex 1 
       Reporting in accordance with the Quick 
Fix Amendment 
ESRS E4-2 Sustainable oceans / seas 
practices or policies paragraph 24 (c) 
 Indicator number 12 Table #2 of  
Annex 1 
       ESRS E4 identified as material only in 
relation to land use; disclosures on E4-2 
paragraph 24 (c) are therefore not 
reported. 
ESRS E4-2 Policies to address 
deforestation paragraph 24 (d) 
 Indicator number 15 Table #2 of  
Annex 1 
       ESRS E4 identified as material only in 
relation to land use; disclosures on E4-2 
paragraph 24 (d) are therefore not 
reported. 
ESRS E5-5 Non-recycled waste 
paragraph 37 (d) 
 Indicator number 13 Table #2 of  
Annex 1 
       ESRS E5 was not identified as material. 
Disclosures on E5-5 are therefore not 
reported. 
ESRS E5-5 Hazardous waste and 
radioactive waste paragraph 39 
 Indicator number 9 Table #1 of Annex 1        ESRS E5 was not identified as material. 
Disclosures on E5-5 are therefore not 
reported. 

[page 139]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 139 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Disclosure Requirement and 
Related Datapoint 
 SFDR Reference1  Pillar 3 Reference2  Benchmark Regulation 
Reference3 
 EU Climate Law Reference4  Reference 
ESRS 2- SBM3 - S1 Risk of incidents of 
forced labour paragraph 14 (f) 
 Indicator number 13 Table #3 of  
Annex I 
       ESRS S1 identified as material only in 
relation to occupational health and 
safety; disclosures on S1 paragraph 14 
(f) are therefore not reported. 
ESRS 2- SBM3 - S1 Risk of incidents of 
child labour paragraph 14 (g) 
 Indicator number 12 Table #3 of  
Annex I 
       ESRS S1 identified as material only in 
relation to occupational health and 
safety; disclosures on S1 paragraph 14 
(g) are therefore not reported. 
ESRS S1-1 Human rights policy 
commitments paragraph 20 
 Indicator number 9 Table #3 and 
Indicator number 11 Table #1 of  
Annex I 
       ESRS S1 identified as material only in 
relation to occupational health and 
safety;  
Occupational Health and Safety → 
Employee-related Policies  
ESRS S1-1 Due diligence policies on 
issues addressed by the fundamental 
International Labor Organisation 
Conventions 1 to 8, paragraph 21 
     Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II 
   ESRS S1 identified as material only in 
relation to occupational health and 
safety;  
Occupational Health and Safety → 
Employee-related Policies  
ESRS S1-1 processes and measures for 
preventing trafficking in human beings 
paragraph 22 
 Indicator number 11 Table #3 of  
Annex I 
       ESRS S1 identified as material only in 
relation to occupational health and 
safety; disclosures on S1 paragraph 22 
are therefore not reported. 
ESRS S1-1 workplace accident 
prevention policy or management 
system paragraph 23 
 Indicator number 1 Table #3 of Annex I        Occupational Health and Safety → 
Employee-related Policies 
ESRS S1-3 grievance/complaints 
handling mechanisms paragraph 32 (c) 
 Indicator number 5 Table #3 of Annex I        Occupational Health and Safety → 
Dialog with Employees and Complaints 
Mechanisms 
ESRS S1-14 Number of fatalities and 
number and rate of work- related 
accidents paragraph 88 (b) and (c) 
 Indicator number 2 Table #3 of Annex I    Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II 
   Occupational Health and Safety → 
Targets and Metrics 
ESRS S1-14 Number of days lost to 
injuries, accidents, fatalities or illness 
paragraph 88 (e) 
 Indicator number 3 Table #3 of Annex I        Occupational Health and Safety → 
Targets and Metrics 
ESRS S1-16 Unadjusted gender pay 
gap paragraph 97 (a) 
 Indicator number 12 Table #1 of  
Annex I 
   Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II 
   ESRS S1 identified as material only in 
relation to occupational health and 
safety; disclosures on ESRS S1-16 are 
therefore not reported. 
ESRS S1-16 Excessive CEO pay ratio 
paragraph 97 (b) 
 Indicator number 8 Table #3 of Annex I        ESRS S1 identified as material only in 
relation to occupational health and 
safety; disclosures on ESRS S1-16 are 
therefore not reported. 

[page 140]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 140 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Disclosure Requirement and 
Related Datapoint 
 SFDR Reference1  Pillar 3 Reference2  Benchmark Regulation 
Reference3 
 EU Climate Law Reference4  Reference 
ESRS S1-17 Incidents of discrimination 
paragraph 103 (a) 
 Indicator number 7 Table #3 of Annex I        ESRS S1 identified as material only in 
relation to occupational health and 
safety; disclosures on ESRS S1-17 are 
therefore not reported. 
ESRS S1-17 Non-respect of UNGPs on 
Business and Human Rights and OECD 
paragraph 104 (a) 
 Indicator number 10 Table #1 and 
Indicator n. 14 Table #3 of Annex I 
   Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2020/1818 Art 12 (1) 
   ESRS S1 identified as material only in 
relation to occupational health and 
safety; disclosures on ESRS S1-17 are 
therefore not reported. 
ESRS 2- SBM3 –  S2 Significant risk of 
child labour or forced labour in the 
value chain paragraph 11 (b) 
 Indicators number 12 and n. 13 Table 
#3 of Annex I 
       ESRS S2 was not identified as material. 
Disclosures on ESRS S2 paragraph 11 
(b) are therefore not reported. 
ESRS S2-1 Human rights policy 
commitments paragraph 17 
 Indicator number 9 Table #3 and 
Indicator n. 11 Table #1 of Annex 1 
       ESRS S2 was not identified as material. 
Disclosures on ESRS S2-1 are therefore 
not reported. 
ESRS S2-1 Policies related to value 
chain workers paragraph 18 
 Indicator number 11 and n. 4 Table #3 
of Annex 1 
       ESRS S2 was not identified as material. 
Disclosures on ESRS S2-1 are therefore 
not reported. 
ESRS S2-1 Non-respect of UNGPs on 
Business and Human Rights principles 
and OECD guidelines paragraph 19 
 Indicator number 10 Table #1 of  
Annex 1 
   Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2020/1818,  
Art 12 (1) 
   ESRS S2 was not identified as material. 
Disclosures on ESRS S2-1 are therefore 
not reported. 
ESRS S2-1 Due diligence policies on 
issues addressed by the fundamental 
International Labor Organisation 
Conventions 1 to 8, paragraph 19 
     Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II 
   ESRS S2 was not identified as material. 
Disclosures on ESRS S2-1 are therefore 
not reported. 
ESRS S2-4 Human rights issues and 
incidents connected to its upstream and 
downstream value chain paragraph 36 
 Indicator number 14 Table #3 of  
Annex 1 
       ESRS S2 was not identified as material. 
Disclosures on ESRS S2-4 are therefore 
not reported. 
ESRS S3-1 Human rights policy 
commitments paragraph 16 
 Indicator number 9 Table #3 of Annex 1 
and Indicator number 11 Table #1 of 
Annex 1 
       ESRS S3 identified as material only in 
relation to the topic “Security of 
Supply”; disclosures on ESRS S3-1 
Human rights policy commitments not 
material and not reported 
ESRS S3-1 Non-respect of UNGPs on 
Business and Human Rights, ILO 
principles or and OECD guidelines 
paragraph 17 
 Indicator number 10 Table #1 Annex 1    Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2020/1818,  
Art 12 (1) 
   ESRS S3 identified as material only in 
relation to the topic “Security of 
Supply”; information on ESRS S3-1 
Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and 
Human Rights, ILO principles or and 
OECD guidelines not material and not 
reported 
ESRS S3-4 Human rights issues and 
incidents paragraph 36 
 Indicator number 14 Table #3 of  
Annex 1 
       ESRS S3 identified as material only in 
relation to the topic “Security of 
Supply”; disclosures on ESRS S3-4 
Human rights issues and incidents not 
material and not reported 

[page 141]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 141 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Disclosure Requirement and 
Related Datapoint 
 SFDR Reference1  Pillar 3 Reference2  Benchmark Regulation 
Reference3 
 EU Climate Law Reference4  Reference 
ESRS S4-1 Policies related to 
consumers and end-users paragraph 16 
 Indicator number 9 Table #3 and 
Indicator number 11 Table #1 of  
Annex 1 
       ESRS S4 was not identified as material. 
Disclosures on ESRS S4-1 are therefore 
not reported. 
ESRS S4-1 Non-respect of UNGPs on 
Business and Human Rights and OECD 
guidelines paragraph 17 
 Indicator number 10 Table #1 of  
Annex 1 
   Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2020/1818,  
Art 12 (1) 
   ESRS S4 was not identified as material. 
Disclosures on ESRS S4-1 are therefore 
not reported. 
ESRS S4-4 Human rights issues and 
incidents paragraph 35 
 Indicator number 14 Table #3 of  
Annex 1  
       ESRS S4 was not identified as material. 
Disclosures on ESRS S4-4 are therefore 
not reported. 
ESRS G1-1 United Nations Convention 
against Corruption paragraph 10 (b) 
 Indicator number 15 Table #3 of  
Annex 1 
       ESRS G1-1 was not identified as 
material. Disclosures on G1-1 are 
therefore not reported. 
ESRS G1-1 Protection of whistle- 
blowers paragraph 10 (d) 
 Indicator number 6 Table #3 of Annex 1        ESRS G1-1 was not identified as 
material. Disclosures on G1-1 are 
therefore not reported. 
ESRS G1-4 Fines for violation of anti- 
corruption and anti-bribery laws 
paragraph 24 (a) 
 Indicator number 17 Table #3 of  
Annex 1 
   Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II) 
   ESRS G1-1 was not identified as 
material. Disclosures on G1-1 are 
therefore not reported. 
ESRS G1-4 Standards of anti- 
corruption and anti-bribery  
paragraph 24 (b) 
 Indicator number 16 Table #3 of  
Annex 1 
       ESRS G1-1 was not identified as 
material. Disclosures on G1-1 are 
therefore not reported. 
 
1Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council of November  27, 2019 on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector (Sustainable Finance Disclosures Regulation) (OJ L 317, 9.12.2019, p. 1) . 
2Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June  26, 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Req uirements Regulation “CRR”) (OJ L 176, 27.6.2013, p. 1). 
3Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 8, 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment fu nds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (OJ L 171, 29.6.2016, p. 1).  
4Regulation (EU) 2021/1119 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 30, 2021 establishing the framework for achieving climate neutrality and amending Regulations (EC) No 401/2009 and (EU) 2018/1999 ( “European Climate Law”) (OJ L 243, 9.7.2021, p. 1). 
5Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816 of July 17, 2020 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the explanation in the bench mark statement of how environmental, social, and governance factors are reflected in 
each benchmark provided and published (OJ L 406, 3.12.2020, p. 1).  
6Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 of November 30, 2022 amending the implementing technical standards laid down in Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/637 as regards the disclosure of  environmental, social, and governance risks (OJ L 324,19.12.2022, p.1.). 
7Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818 of July 17, 2020 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards minimum standards for EU Cli mate Transition Benchmarks and EU Paris-aligned Benchmarks (OJ L 406, 
3.12.2020, p. 17).  

[page 142]
Combined Group Management Report →  Sustainability Statement 142 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Information in accordance with ESRS E1 Application Requirement 48 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions  Retrospective  Milestones and target years 
Total CO₂ equivalents in million metric tons  2025   2024   Change (%)   
2019 
(base year)   2025   2030   2040   2050   
Annual % of 
target/base 
year  
Scope 1                            
Scope 1 total  1.86   1.98   -6%   3.98   - 3  - 4  - 4  -   - 3 
Share from regulated emissions trading systems (in %)  81   84 8  -4%   -   -   -   -   -   -  
Scope 2                            
Scope 2 total (location-based)  3.35   3.66   -9%   4.82   - 3  - 4  - 4  -   - 3 
Scope 2 total (market-based)  6.54   6.41   2%   5.73   - 3  - 4, 5  - 4, 5  -   - 3 
Scope 1 + 2 total (location-based)  5.21   5.64   -8%   8.80   - 3  3.45 6  <0.69 6     - 3 
Scope 3                            
Scope 3 total (location-based)  58.93   64.97   -9%   120.27   - 3  <60.14   -   <12.03 7  - 3 
Purchased power sold to end-customers (location-based)1  28.03   33.08   -15%   70.78   - 3  - 4  -   - 4  - 3 
Combustion of natural gas sold to end-customers2  26.74   27.84   -4%   44.30   - 3  - 4  -   - 4  - 3 
Scope 3 categories with low impact  4.16   4.05   3%   5.19   -   - 4  -   - 4  - 3 
Scope 1-3 total (location-based)  64.14   70.61   -9%   129.07   - 3  - 4  -   - 4  - 3 
                            
1Corresponds to the Scope 3 category Activities related to fuels and energy.   
2Corresponds to the Scope 3 category Use of products sold.   
3E.ON’s climate targets relate to the years 2030, 2040, and 2050, therefore no further information is required.   
4E.ON’s climate targets relate to the sum of Scope 1 and 2 emissions as well as for the sum of material Scope 3 emissions.   
5E.ON’s climate targets relate to location-based emissions.   
6Absolute target value of the target was adjusted due to a reduction in Scope 1 emissions as a result of a more precise method for calculating fugitive emissions in connection with our gas distribution networks.   
7Target corresponds to 10 percent of the base year.   
8Prior-year value has been adjusted.   

[page 143]
Combined Group Management Report →  Internal Control System 143 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Internal Control System  
The following disclosures on the Internal Control System for the Group’s accounting process are 
made pursuant to Section 289, Paragraph 4, and Section 315, Paragraph 4 of the German 
Commercial Code. 
General Principles 
E.ON applies Section 315e, Paragraph 1, of the German Commercial Code (German abbreviation: 
“HGB”) and prepares its Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and the interpretations of the IFRS Interpretations 
Committee (“IFRSIC”) that were adopted by the European Commission for use in the EU as of the 
end of the financial year and whose application was mandatory as of the balance-sheet date (see 
Note 1 → to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Energy Networks (Germany, Sweden, East 
Central Europe, and South East Europe), Energy Infrastructure Solutions (“EIS”), and Energy Retail 
(Germany, United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Other), and Corporate Functions/Other are the 
Company’s IFRS reportable segments. 
E.ON SE prepares its Financial Statements in accordance with the German Commercial Code, the 
SE Ordinance (in conjunction with the German Stock Corporation Act; German abbreviation: 
“AktG”), and the German Energy Act (German abbreviation: “EnWG”). 
E.ON prepares a Combined Group Management Report which applies to both the E.ON Group and 
E.ON SE. 
Accounting Process 
All companies included in the Consolidated Financial Statements must comply with E.ON’s 
uniform Accounting and Reporting Guidelines for the Annual Consolidated Financial Statements 
and the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. These guidelines describe applicable IFRS 
accounting and valuation principles. They also explain accounting principles typical in the E.ON 
Group, such as those for provisions for nuclear-waste management, the treatment of financial 
instruments, the treatment of regulatory obligations, and deferrals of sales revenues. E.ON 
regularly analyzes amendments to laws, new or amended accounting standards, and other 
important pronouncements for their relevance to, and consequences for, the Consolidated 
Financial Statements and, if necessary, update its guidelines and systems accordingly. 
Corporate Functions defines the roles and responsibilities of various Group entities in the 
preparation of E.ON SE’s Financial Statements and the Consolidated Financial Statements. These 
roles and responsibilities are described in a Group Policy document. 
E.ON Group companies are responsible for preparing their financial statements in a proper and 
timely manner. They receive substantial support from Business Service Centers in Regensburg, 
Germany, and Cluj, Romania. E.ON SE combines the financial statements of subsidiaries 
belonging to its scope of consolidation into its Consolidated Financial Statements using standard 
consolidation software. Group Accounting is responsible for conducting the consolidation and for 
monitoring adherence to the guidelines for scheduling, processes, and contents. Monitoring by 
means of system-based automated controls is supplemented by manual checks. 
In conjunction with the year-end closing process, additional qualitative and quantitative 
information relevant for accounting is compiled. Furthermore, dedicated quality-control 
processes are in place for all relevant departments to discuss and ensure the completeness of 
important information on a regular basis. 
E.ON SE’s Financial Statements are prepared with SAP software. The accounting and preparation 
processes for the Financial Statements are divided into discrete functional steps. Bookkeeping 
processes have largely been outsourced to E.ON’s Business Service Centers. Cluj has the primary 
responsibility for processes relating to subsidiary ledgers and several bank activities. Regensburg 
has the principal responsibility for processes relating to the general ledgers. Automated or manual 
controls are integrated into each step. Defined procedures ensure that all transactions and the 
preparation of E.ON SE’s Financial Statements are recorded, processed, assigned on an accrual 
basis, and documented in a complete, timely, and accurate manner. Relevant data from E.ON SE’s 
Financial Statements are, if necessary, adjusted to conform with IFRS and then transferred to the 
consolidation software system using SAP-supported transfer technology. 
The following explanations about E.ON’s internal control system (“ICS”) and its general IT controls 
apply equally to the Consolidated Financial Statements and to E.ON SE’s Financial Statements. 

[page 144]
Combined Group Management Report →  Internal Control System 144 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Internal Control System18 
The purpose of the ICS framework and the annual ICS process is to provide sufficient assurance 
to prevent error or fraud from resulting in material misrepresentations in the Financial 
Statements, the Combined Group Management Report, the Half-Year Financial Report, the 
Quarterly Statements, as well as ESG reporting. Furthermore, they serve to assure compliance 
with significant internal and external regulations and to assure effectiveness and efficiency of 
business activities. The management of each unit in the E.ON Group is legally responsible for 
establishing and maintaining an adequate and effective internal control system (“ICS”). The 
Corporate Governance Declaration can be found on the E.ON website, www.eon.com →, in the 
Corporate Governance section under "Corporate Governance Declaration." Corporate Audit’s ICS 
department is responsible for the oversight and coordination of the overall ICS process in order to 
ensure an effective ICS in the E.ON Group. For this purpose, Corporate Audit’s ICS department 
provides the ICS framework and the necessary tools. An ICS Business Partner (“ICS BP”) is 
assigned to each unit that is of importance to the E.ON Group and therefore in the ICS 
documentation scope. The ICS BP is responsible for coordinating and monitoring the unit’s ICS 
activities and advises and supports management in implementing an effective internal control 
system. The unit’s management remains responsible for the appropriateness and effectiveness of 
the implemented ICS. The ICS BP system ensures a uniform approach as well as consistent and 
efficient collaboration and fosters continuous improvement by means of extensive information-
sharing among Group companies. 
E.ON’s ICS Framework 
E.ON’s ICS is based on the globally recognized COSO framework from May 2013 (COSO: The 
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission). 
The catalog of ICS principles, which defines the minimum requirements for an effective internal 
control system, is a key component of E.ON’s ICS. It contains overarching principles (such as 
authorization, segregation of duties, and master data management) as well as specific 
requirements for managing potential risks in various areas and processes (such as supplier 
monitoring, project management, invoice verification, payments, and ESG reporting). All fully 
consolidated companies and majority-owned units are subject to the ICS principles. 
 
18 This section is also part of the Sustainability Statement. It contains information on the ESRS disclosure requirements ESRS 2 GOV-5. 
In addition to the ICS principles, certain units of special importance to the E.ON Group’s 
Consolidated Financial Statements must fulfill several additional ICS requirements for selected 
processes. These requirements relate to the documentation and assessment of the relevant 
processes and controls— the ICS model— as well as reporting to Corporate Audit. The ICS model 
defines potential risks for financial reporting, including ESG reporting, for compliance with 
important internal and external rules, and for the operating units’ achievement of their operating 
targets. The ICS model also serves as a checklist and provides guidance for the establishment of 
internal controls as well as their documentation and implementation. 
A functionally managed digital organization and third-party service providers provide IT and 
digital services for the E.ON Group. IT systems used for accounting as well as IT systems relevant 
for ESG reporting are subject to the ICS framework, which includes general IT controls, such as 
access controls, segregation of duties, processing controls, measures to prevent the intentional 
and unintentional falsification of the programs, data, and documents as well as controls related to 
supplier monitoring. 
Each year, qualitative criteria and quantitative materiality aspects (such as revenues) are used to 
determine which processes and controls must be documented and assessed by which E.ON units. 
E.ON units in the ICS documentation scope use an ICS documentation system for this purpose. 
The E.ON ICS framework and the E.ON ICS annual process apply to the Sustainability Statement 
as part of ESG reporting. 
  

[page 145]
Combined Group Management Report →  Internal Control System 145 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Management Self-Assessment and Control Tests 
After E.ON units have documented their processes and controls, the individual process owners 
conduct an annual assessment of the design and the operational effectiveness of the controls 
embedded in these processes and the ICS principles. This is known as a management self-
assessment. The assessment is supported by tests of control effectiveness for selective risk 
areas. Corporate Audit’s ICS department defines the methodology for these tests, which are 
conducted by the process owners or employees assigned by them. 
In addition, the effectiveness of the internal controls is audited by Internal Audit. These audits are 
conducted based on a risk-oriented audit plan. Any identified deficiencies are reported to the 
relevant companies. 
Furthermore, the E.ON Group’s general IT controls that are relevant for the Consolidated Balance 
Sheets are audited as part of the audit of the Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements. Selected 
controls of the Business Service Centers in Regensburg and Cluj, the Human Resources Service 
Center in Germany (E.ON Country Hub Germany GmbH), and the pension service company in 
Germany (Energie Pensions-Management GmbH) are audited as part of ISAE 3402 audits. In 
addition, selected controls of the E.ON Group’s ESG reporting are audited as part of the audit of 
the Sustainability Report. 
The findings of the management self-assessments and the audits are included in the integrated 
annual report on the effectiveness of the ICS of local companies and the entire E.ON Group and 
are reported to local management boards and the E.ON SE Management Board. Local companies 
must mitigate any reported ICS weaknesses. Corporate Audit monitors mitigation. 
 
19 This section is not part of the statutory audit of the combined Group Management Report. 
Sign-Off Process 
Based on the self-assessment result and internal and external audit findings, the respective unit’s 
management conducts the final Sign-Off. The final step of the internal evaluation process is the 
submission of a formal written declaration confirming the ICS’s effectiveness (“Sign-Off”). The 
Sign-Off process is conducted at all levels of the Group companies before E.ON SE, as the final 
step, conducts it for the Group as a whole. The Chairman of the E.ON SE Management Board and 
the Chief Financial Officer perform the final Sign-Off for the E.ON Group. 
Corporate Audit regularly informs the E.ON SE Supervisory Board’s Audit & Risk Committee 
about the ICS for financial reporting and, if necessary, about any significant deficiencies identified 
in the E.ON Group’s various processes.  
Statement on the E.ON Group's Internal Control 
System and Risk Management System in the Narrower 
Sense (Enterprise Risk Management)19 
The entire E.ON SE Management Board affirms that it is aware of its responsibility to establish 
and maintain an appropriate and effective internal control system (“ICS”) and enterprise risk 
management (“ERM”) system for the E.ON Group. We work to continually enhance the ICS and 
ERM in order to eliminate identified weaknesses and ensure the ongoing improvement of 
processes and systems. The entire Management Board is not aware of any circumstances arising 
from its examination of the ICS and ERM system and the reporting of the Corporate Audit and 
Group Risk functions that speak against the appropriateness and effectiveness of these systems 
in all material respects.

[page 146]
Combined Group Management Report →  Disclosures Regarding Takeovers 146 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Disclosures Regarding Takeovers and Explanatory Report  
The following disclosures are made pursuant to Sections 289a and 315a of the German 
Commercial Code and Section 176, Paragraph 1, of the German Stock Corporation Act (German 
abbreviation: “AktG”). 
Composition of Share Capital 
The share capital totals €2,641,318,800 and consists of 2,641,318,800 registered shares 
without nominal value. Each share of stock grants the same rights and one vote at a Shareholders 
Meeting. 
Restrictions on Voting Rights or the Transfer of Shares 
An employee stock-purchase program was offered in 2024 and 2025. Shares acquired by 
employees under the employee stock-purchase program are subject to a blackout period that 
begins the day ownership of such shares is transferred to the employee and that ends on 
December 31 of the next calendar year plus one. As a rule, an employee may not sell such shares 
until the blackout period has expired. 
Pursuant to Section 71b of the “AktG”, the Company’s treasury shares give it no rights, including 
no voting rights. 
Legal Provisions and Rules of the Company’s Articles 
of Association Regarding the Appointment and 
Dismissal of Management Board Members and 
Amendments to the Articles of Association 
Pursuant to the Company’s Articles of Association, the Management Board consists of at least 
two members. The Supervisory Board decides on the number of members as well as on their 
appointment and dismissal. 
The Supervisory Board appoints members to the Management Board for a term not exceeding 
five years; reappointment is permissible. If several persons are appointed as members of the 
Management Board, the Supervisory Board may appoint one of the members as Chairperson of 
the Management Board. If there is a vacancy on the Management Board for a required member, 
the court makes the necessary appointment upon petition by a concerned party in the event of an 
urgent matter. The Supervisory Board may revoke the appointment of a member of the 
Management Board and of the Chairperson of the Management Board for serious cause (for 
further details, see Sections 84 and 85 of the AktG). 
Resolutions of the Shareholders Meeting require a majority of the valid votes cast unless 
mandatory law or the Articles of Association explicitly prescribe otherwise. An amendment to the 
Articles of Association requires a two-thirds majority of the votes cast or, in cases where at least 
half of the share capital is represented, a simple majority of the votes cast unless mandatory law 
explicitly prescribes another type of majority. 
The Supervisory Board is authorized to decide by resolution on amendments to the Articles of 
Association that affect only their wording (Section 10, Paragraph 7, of the Articles of Association). 
Furthermore, the Supervisory Board is authorized to revise the wording of Section 3 of the 
Articles of Association upon utilization of authorized or conditional capital. 

[page 147]
Combined Group Management Report →  Disclosures Regarding Takeovers 147 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Management Board’s Power to Issue or Buy Back 
Shares 
Pursuant to a resolution of the Shareholders Meeting of May 16, 2024, the Management Board is 
authorized, until May 15, 2029, to have the Company acquire treasury shares. The shares 
acquired and other treasury shares that are in possession of or to be attributed to the Company 
pursuant to Sections 71a et seq. of the AktG must altogether at no point account for more than 
10 percent of the Company’s share capital. 
At the Management Board’s discretion, the acquisition may be conducted: 
• through a stock exchange 
• by means of a public offer directed at all shareholders or a public solicitation to submit offers 
• by means of a public offer or a public solicitation to submit offers for the exchange of liquid 
shares that are admitted to trading on an organized market, within the meaning of the German 
Securities Purchase and Takeover Law, for Company shares 
• by the use of derivatives (put or call options or a combination of both), in this case by up to an 
amount equal to 5 percent of the Company’s capital stock. 
These authorizations may be utilized on one or several occasions, in whole or in partial amounts, 
in pursuit of one or more objectives by the Company and also by its affiliated companies or by 
third parties for the Company’s account or one of its affiliates’ accounts. 
With regard to treasury shares that will be, or have been, acquired based on the aforementioned 
authorization and/or prior authorizations by the Shareholders Meeting, the Management Board is 
authorized, subject to the Supervisory Board’s consent and excluding shareholder subscription 
rights, to use these shares— in addition to a disposal through a stock exchange or an offer granting 
a subscription right to all shareholders— as follows: 
• to be sold and transferred against cash consideration 
• to be sold and transferred against contributions in kind 
• to be used in order to satisfy the rights of creditors of bonds with conversion or option rights or, 
respectively, conversion or option obligations issued by the Company or its Group companies 
• to be offered, with or without consideration, for purchase and transferred to individuals who 
are or were employed by the Company or one of its affiliates as well as to board members of 
affiliates of the Company, in this case by up to an amount equal to 5 percent of the Company’s 
capital stock 
• to be used for the purpose of a scrip dividend where shareholders may choose to contribute 
their dividend entitlement to the Company in the form of a contribution in kind in exchange for 
new company shares. 
In addition, the Management Board is authorized to cancel treasury shares, without such 
cancellation or its implementation requiring an additional resolution by the Shareholders Meeting. 
These authorizations may be utilized on one or several occasions, in whole or in partial amounts, 
separately or collectively, including with respect to treasury shares acquired by affiliated 
companies or companies majority-owned by the Company or by third parties for their account or 
the Company’s account. 
In each case, the Management Board will inform the Shareholders Meeting about the utilization of 
the aforementioned authorization, in particular about the reasons for and the purpose of the 
acquisition of treasury shares, the number of treasury shares acquired, the amount of the 
registered share capital attributable to them, the portion of the registered share capital 
represented by them, and their equivalent value. 
By shareholder resolution adopted at the Annual Shareholders Meeting of May 16, 2024, the 
Management Board was authorized, subject to the Supervisory Board’s approval, to increase, until 
May 15, 2029, the Company’s share capital by a total of up to €528 million through one or more 
issuances of new registered no-par-value shares against contributions in cash and/or in kind 
(authorized capital pursuant to Sections 202 et seq. of the AktG; “Authorized Capital 2024”). 
Subject to the Supervisory Board’s approval, the Management Board is authorized to exclude 
shareholders’ subscription rights.  
At the Annual Shareholders Meeting of May 16, 2024, shareholders approved a conditional 
increase of the Company’s share capital (with the option to exclude shareholders’ subscription 
rights) up to the amount of €264 million (“Conditional Capital 2024”). Note 19→ to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements contains more information about Conditional Capital 2024. 

[page 148]
Combined Group Management Report →  Disclosures Regarding Takeovers 148 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Significant Agreements to Which the Company Is a 
Party That Take Effect on a Change of Control of the 
Company Following a Takeover Bid 
The underlying contracts of debt issued since 2007 contain change-of-control clauses that give 
the creditor the right of cancellation. This applies, inter alia, to bonds issued by E.ON SE and E.ON 
International Finance B.V. and guaranteed by E.ON SE and other instruments such as credit 
contracts. Granting change-of-control rights to creditors is considered good corporate 
governance and has become standard market practice. More information about financial liabilities 
is contained in the chapter of the Combined Group Management Report entitled Financial 
Situation → and in Note 26 → to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Settlement Agreements between the Company and 
Management Board Members or Employees in the 
Case of a Change-of-Control Event 
In the event of a premature termination of a Management Board member’s service agreement 
due to a change-of-control event, these agreements entitle Management Board members to 
severance and settlement payments. The entitlement exists if, within 12 months of the change of 
control, a Management Board member’s service agreement is terminated by mutual consent, 
expires, or is terminated by the Management Board member; in the latter case, however, only if 
the member’s Management Board position is materially affected by the change of control. 
Management Board members’ severance payment consists of their base salary and target bonus 
plus fringe benefits for two years after termination of their service agreement. In accordance with 
the DCGK, these severance payments are limited to the amount of the annual compensation for 
the remaining term of the service agreement. Total compensation for the past financial year and 
the expected total compensation for the current financial year in which the service agreement 
ends prematurely are used to calculate the severance payment cap. 
The purpose of these contractual agreements is to preserve the independence of Management 
Board members. 
A change-of-control event would also result in the early payout of virtual shares under the E.ON 
Performance Plan. 
Other Disclosures Regarding Takeovers 
The Company has been notified about the following direct or indirect interests in its share capital 
that exceed 10 percent of the voting rights: 
• notification on December 10, 2020, by RWE Aktiengesellschaft for 15 percent of total voting 
rights. 
Stock with special rights granting power of control has not been issued. In the case of stock given 
by the Company to employees, employees exercise their rights of control directly and in 
accordance with legal provisions and the provisions of the Articles of Association, just like other 
shareholders.

[page 149]
 149 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
 
Consolidated  
Financial Statements 
  

[page 150]
 150 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Income 151 
Consolidated Statement of  
Recognized Income and Expenses 152 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 153 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 155 
Consolidated Statement of  
Changes in Equity 157 
Notes 159 
01 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 159 
02 New Standards, Interpretations and Amendments 171 
03 Scope of Consolidation 173 
04 Material Acquisitions, Disposals and  
Disposal Groups in 2025 174 
05 Revenues 175 
06 Own Work Capitalized 176 
07 Other Operating Income and Expenses 177 
08 Cost of Materials 179 
09 Financial Result 180 
10 Income Taxes 181 
11 Personnel-Related Information 185 
12 Other Information 187 
13 Earnings per Share 188 
14 Goodwill, Intangible Assets, Right-of-use Assets  
and Property, Plant and Equipment 189 
15 Companies Accounted for under  
the Equity Method and Other Financial Assets 195 
16 Inventories 197 
17 Receivables and Other Assets 198 
18 Liquid Funds 199 
19 Capital Stock 200 
20 Additional Paid-in Capital 202 
21 Retained Earnings 203 
22 Changes in Other Comprehensive Income 204 
23 Non-Controlling Interests 205 
24 Provisions for Pensions and Similar Obligations 207 
25 Miscellaneous Provisions 215 
26 Liabilities 217 
27 Contingent Liabilities and  
Other Financial Obligations 223 
28 Litigation and Claims 225 
29 Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures 226 
30 Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging 
Transactions 227
 
31 Additional Disclosures on Financial Instruments 231 
32 Leasing 242 
33 Transactions with Related Parties 244 
34 Segment Reporting 245 
35 Compensation of Supervisory Board and  
Management Board 251 
36 Subsequent Events 252 
 
 

[page 151]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Consolidated Statement of Income 151 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Consolidated Statement of Income 
 Consolidated Statement of Income          
€ in millions  Note   2025   2024  
Sales including electricity and energy taxes     80,197   81,841  
Electricity and energy taxes     -1,493   -1,722  
Sales  05   78,704   80,119  
Changes in inventories (finished goods and work in progress)     -3   -90  
Own work capitalized  06   1,739   1,596  
Other operating income  07   8,912   11,739  
Cost of materials  08   -58,962   -58,990  
Personnel costs  11   -7,267   -6,534  
Depreciation, amortization and impairment charges  14   -4,068   -4,401  
Other operating expenses  07   -15,466   -15,384  
Thereof: Impairments of financial assets     -472   -558  
Income from companies accounted for under the equity method     350   258  
Income/loss from equity investments     123   19  
Income from continuing operations before interest results and income taxes     4,062   8,332  
Interest results  09   -1,056   -1,001  
Income from other securities, interest and similar income     1,146   1,097  
Interest and similar expenses     -2,202   -2,098  
Income taxes  10   -726   -1,769  
Income from continuing operations     2,280   5,562  
Income/loss from discontinued operations, net  04   –    –   
Net income     2,280   5,562  
Attributable to shareholders of E.ON SE     1,734   4,531  
Attributable to non-controlling interests     546   1,031  
in €           
Earnings per share (attributable to shareholders of E.ON SE)— basic and diluted1  13        
from continuing operations     0.66   1.73  
from discontinued operations     –    –   
from net income     0.66   1.73  
Weighted-average number of shares outstanding (in millions)     2,613   2,612  
1Based on weighted-average number of shares outstanding.   

[page 152]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Consolidated Statement of  Recognized Income and Expenses  152 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Consolidated Statement of Recognized Income and Expenses 
Consolidated Statement of  Recognized Income and Expenses       
€ in millions  2025   2024  
Net income  2,280   5,562  
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans  893   448  
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans of companies accounted for under the equity method  7   -34  
Income taxes  14   -283  
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to the income statement  914   131  
Cash flow hedges  8   -144  
Unrealized changes— hedging reserve  -131   -33  
Unrealized changes— reserve for hedging costs  -16   27  
Reclassification adjustments recognized in income  155   -138  
Fair value measurement of financial instruments  3   37  
Unrealized changes  2   2  
Reclassification adjustments recognized in income  1   35  
Currency-translation adjustments  165   -193  
Unrealized changes— hedging reserve/other  165   -193  
Unrealized changes— reserve for hedging costs  –    0  
Reclassification adjustments recognized in income  –    0  
Companies accounted for under the equity method  91   720  
Unrealized changes  91   720  
Reclassification adjustments recognized in income  –    –   
Income taxes  20   25  
Items that might be reclassified subsequently to the income statement  287   445  
Total income and expenses recognized directly in equity (other comprehensive income)  1,201   576  
Total recognized income and expenses (total comprehensive income)  3,481   6,138  
Attributable to shareholders of E.ON SE  2,844   5,095  
Continuing operations  2,844   5,095  
Discontinued operations  –    –   
Attributable to non-controlling interests  637   1,043  

[page 153]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Consolidated Balance Sheet 153 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
onsolidated Balance Sheet s  
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
  
Consolidated Balance Sheet— Assets          
     December 31,  
€ in millions  Note   2025   2024  
Goodwill  14   15,978   16,573  
Intangible assets  14   3,822   3,711  
Right-of-use assets  32   2,807   2,943  
Property, plant and equipment  14   47,909   44,269  
Companies accounted for under the equity method  15   7,361   7,111  
Other financial assets  15   3,388   3,621  
Equity investments     2,802   2,752  
Non-current securities     586   869  
Financial receivables and other financial assets  17   1,004   1,107  
Operating receivables and other operating assets  17   4,197   4,173  
Deferred tax assets  10   1,933   1,763  
Income tax assets  10   8   36  
Non-current assets     88,407   85,307  
Inventories  16   1,457   1,243  
Financial receivables and other financial assets  17   679   543  
Trade receivables and other operating assets  17   14,382   15,198  
Income tax assets  10   1,162   1,093  
Liquid funds  18   4,352   7,280  
Securities and fixed-term deposits     775   1,273  
Restricted liquid funds     530   255  
Cash and cash equivalents     3,047   5,752  
Assets held for sale  04   246   697  
Current assets     22,278   26,054  
Total assets     110,685   111,361  

[page 154]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Consolidated Balance Sheet 154 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet— Equity and Liabilities 
     December 31,  
€ in millions  Note   2025   2024  
Capital stock  19   2,641   2,641  
Additional paid-in capital  20   13,311   13,316  
Retained earnings  21   5,873   4,751  
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income  22   -1,575   -1,853  
Treasury shares  19   -990   -1,014  
Equity attributable to shareholders of E.ON SE     19,260   17,841  
Non-controlling interests (before reclassification)     7,234   7,510  
Reclassification related to IAS 32     -661   -1,185  
Non-controlling interests  23   6,573   6,325  
Equity     25,833   24,166  
Financial liabilities  26   34,053   34,100  
Operating liabilities  26   7,837   7,151  
Income tax liabilities  10   332   392  
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations  24   4,408   5,181  
Miscellaneous provisions  25   7,927   8,292  
Deferred tax liabilities  10   2,211   2,102  
Non-current liabilities  26   56,768   57,218  
Financial liabilities  26   4,445   4,964  
Trade payables and other operating liabilities  26   18,864   19,706  
Income tax liabilities  10   670   615  
Miscellaneous provisions  25   4,040   4,292  
Liabilities associated with assets held for sale  04   65   400  
Current liabilities     28,084   29,977  
Total equity and liabilities     110,685   111,361  
          
  

[page 155]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 155 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 
 
  
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows       
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Net income  2,280   5,562  
Income/loss from discontinued operations, net  –    –   
Depreciation, amortization and impairment of intangible assets and of property, plant and equipment  4,068   4,401  
Changes in provisions  -503   -1,135  
Changes in deferred taxes  -63   1,379  
Other non-cash income and expenses  -9   374  
Gain/loss on disposal of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment, equity investments and securities (>3 months)  350   23  
Changes in operating assets and liabilities and in income taxes  880   -4,931  
Inventories  -57   173  
Trade receivables  153   720  
Other operating receivables and income tax assets  1,120   2,857  
Trade payables  -333   -728  
Other operating liabilities and income taxes  -3   -7,953  
Cash provided by (used for) operating activities of continuing operations  7,003   5,673  
Cash provided by (used for) operating activities of discontinued operations  –    –   
Cash provided by (used for) operating activities (operating cash flow)  7,003   5,673  
Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment  310   103  
Proceeds from disposal of equity investments  175   168  
Purchases of investments in intangible assets and property, plant and equipment  -7,940   -6,971  
Purchases of investments in equity investments  -569   -528  
Proceeds from disposal of securities (>3 months) and of financial receivables and fixed-term deposits  1,525   2,532  
Purchases of securities (>3 months) and of financial receivables and fixed-term deposits  -522   -2,126  

[page 156]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 156 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows       
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Changes in restricted liquid funds  -275   196  
Cash provided by (used for) investing activities of continuing operations  -7,296   -6,626  
Cash provided by (used for) investing activities of discontinued operations  –    –   
Cash provided by (used for) investing activities  -7,296   -6,626  
Payments received/made from changes in capital  7   -190  
Cash dividends paid to shareholders of E.ON SE  -1,437   -1,384  
Cash dividends paid to non-controlling interests  -303   -321  
Proceeds from financial liabilities  4,264   7,046  
Repayments of financial liabilities  -4,810   -4,045  
Cash provided by (used for) financing activities of continuing operations  -2,279   1,106  
Cash provided by (used for) financing activities of discontinued operations  –    –   
Cash provided by (used for) financing activities  -2,279   1,106  
Net increase/decrease in cash and cash equivalents  -2,572   153  
Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents  -30   24  
Cash and cash equivalents due to changes of scope of consolidation  -113   0  
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year1  5,762   5,585  
Cash and cash equivalents of discontinued operations at the beginning of the period  –    –   
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period  3,047   5,762  
Less: Cash and cash equivalents of discontinued operations at the end of the period  –    –   
Cash and cash equivalents of continuing operations at the end of the period  3,047   5,762  
       
1Cash and cash equivalents of continuing operations at the beginning of the period of the previous year also include €10 milli on attributable to the Romanian sales business that was reclassified as a disposal 
group in the third quarter of 2024. 

[page 157]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 157 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                
€ in millions           Changes in accumulated other comprehensive income              
           
Currency translation 
adjustments      Cash flow hedges              
  Capital stock   
Additional 
paid-in 
capital   
Retained 
earnings   
Hedging 
reserve/ 
other   
Reserve for 
hedging 
costs   
Fair value 
measure-ment 
of financial 
instruments   
Hedging 
reserve   
Reserve for 
hedging 
costs   
Treasury 
shares   
Equity 
attributable to 
share- 
holders 
of E.ON SE   
Non-
controlling 
interests   Total  
Balance as of January 1, 2024  2,641   13,327   1,491   -2,054   0   -22   -232   5   -1,042   14,114   5,856   19,970  
Change in scope of consolidation        1   -10      7   1         -1   -8   -9  
Treasury shares repurchased/sold     -11                     28   17      17  
Capital increase                                     
Dividends        -1,384                     -1,384   -336   -1,720  
Share additions/reductions                                -213   -213  
Net additions/disposals from reclassification 
related to IAS 32                                -17   -17  
Total comprehensive income        4,643   499   0   26   -100   27      5,095   1,043   6,138  
Net income/loss        4,531                     4,531   1,031   5,562  
Other Comprehensive Income        112   499   0   26   -100   27      564   12   576  
Remeasurement of 
defined benefit plans        112                     112   19   131  
Changes in accumulated 
other comprehensive 
income           499   0   26   -100   27      452   -7   445  
Balance as of December 31, 2024  2,641   13,316   4,751   -1,565   0   11   -331   32   -1,014   17,841   6,325   24,166  
 
  

[page 158]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 158 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                 
€ in millions            Changes in accumulated other comprehensive income              
           
Currency translation 
adjustments     Cash flow hedges              
  Capital stock   
Additional 
paid-in 
capital   
Retained 
earnings   
Hedging 
reserve/ 
other   
Reserve for 
hedging 
costs   
Fair value 
measure-ment 
of financial 
instruments   
Hedging 
reserve   
Reserve for 
hedging 
costs   
Treasury 
shares   
Equity 
attributable to 
share- 
holders 
of E.ON SE   
Non-
controlling 
interests   Total  
Balance as of January 1, 2025  2,641   13,316   4,751   -1,565   0   11   -331   32   -1,014   17,841   6,325   24,166  
Change in scope of consolidation        4   -3                  1   -598   -597  
Treasury shares repurchased/sold     -5                     24   19      19  
Capital increase                                     
Dividends        -1,437                     -1,437   -311   -1,748  
Share additions/reductions        -8                     -8   -4   -12  
Net additions/disposals from reclassification 
related to IAS 32                                524   524  
Total comprehensive income        2,563   261   0   4   32   -16      2,844   637   3,481  
Net income/loss        1,734                     1,734   546   2,280  
Other Comprehensive Income        829   261   0   4   32   -16      1,110   91   1,201  
Remeasurement of 
defined benefit plans        829                     829   85   914  
Changes in accumulated 
other comprehensive 
income           261   0   4   32   -16      281   6   287  
Balance as of December 31, 2025  2,641   13,311   5,873   -1,307   0   15   -299   16   -990   19,260   6,573   25,833  

[page 159]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 159 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Notes 
01 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Basis of Presentation 
The Consolidated Financial Statements of E.ON SE, Brüsseler Platz 
1, 45131 Essen, Germany, registered in the Commercial Register 
of Essen District Court under number HRB 28196, have been 
prepared in accordance with Section 315e (1) of the German 
Commercial Code (“HGB”) and with those International Financial 
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and IFRS Interpretations Committee 
interpretations (“IFRS IC”) that were adopted by the European 
Commission for use in the EU as of the end of the fiscal year, and 
whose application was mandatory as of December 31, 2025. On 
February 18, 2026, the Board of Management of E.ON SE 
approved the Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 
31, 2025, for publication. 
Principles 
The Consolidated Financial Statements for the E.ON Group (“E.ON” 
or the “Group”) were prepared in euros. Unless otherwise stated, 
all amounts are shown in millions of euros (€ million). For 
accounting reasons, rounding differences may occur. These 
financial statements relate to the financial year from January 1 to 
December 31, 2025. In accordance with IAS 1, “Presentation of 
Financial Statements” (“IAS 1”), the Consolidated Balance Sheets 
have been prepared using a classified balance sheet structure. 
Assets that will be realized within 12 months of the reporting date, 
as well as liabilities that are due to be settled within one year of the 
reporting date, are generally classified as current. The 
Consolidated Statement of Income is classified using the nature of 
expense method, which is also applied for internal purposes. 
Scope of Consolidation 
The Consolidated Financial Statements incorporate the financial 
statements of E.ON SE and entities controlled by E.ON 
(“subsidiaries”). Control exists when the Group is exposed, or has 
rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee 
and has the ability to use its power over the investee to influence 
those returns. Control is generally deemed established when a 
majority of the voting rights is held. An entity is a structured entity 
if control is based on contractual arrangements or other legal 
relationships and is not reflected in a majority of voting rights. 
The results of the subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the 
year are included in the Consolidated Statement of Income from 
the date of acquisition or until the date of their disposal, 
respectively. 
If the issue of shares in subsidiaries or associates to third parties 
leads to a reduction in E.ON’s ownership interest in these investees 
(“dilution”), and consequently to a loss of control, joint control or 
significant influence, gains and losses from these dilutive 
transactions are included in the income statement under other 
operating income or expenses. 
Where necessary, adjustments are made to the subsidiaries’ 
financial statements to bring their accounting policies into line 
with those of the Group. Intercompany receivables, liabilities, 
expenses and income, and results are eliminated in the 
consolidation process. 
Associated Companies 
An associate is an investee over whose financial and operating 
policy decisions E.ON has significant influence and that is not 
controlled by E.ON or jointly controlled with E.ON. Significant 
influence is presumed if E.ON directly or indirectly holds at least 
20 percent, but not more than 50 percent, of an entity’s voting 
rights. Interests in associated companies are accounted for using 
the equity method. 
Interests in associated companies accounted for using the equity 
method are reported on the balance sheet at cost, adjusted for 
changes in the Group’s share of the net assets after the date of 
acquisition and for any impairment charges. Pro rata losses that 
might potentially exceed the Group’s interest in an associated 
company when attributable long-term loans are taken into 
consideration are generally not recognized. Any difference 
between the cost of the investment and the pro rata remeasured 
value of its net assets is recognized in the Consolidated Financial 
Statements as part of the carrying amount. 
Companies accounted for using the equity method are tested for 
impairment by comparing the carrying amount with its recoverable 
amount. If the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount, 
the carrying amount is adjusted for this difference. If the reasons 
for previously recognized impairment losses no longer exist, such 
impairment losses are reversed accordingly. 
Joint Ventures 
Joint ventures are also accounted for using the equity method. 
Unrealized gains and losses arising from transactions with joint-

[page 160]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 160 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
venture companies are eliminated within the consolidation process 
on a pro rata basis if they are material. 
Joint Operations 
A joint operation exists when E.ON and other investors jointly 
control an operation, but unlike a joint venture, they do not have a 
claim to the changes in net assets from the operation. Instead, 
they have direct rights to individual assets or direct obligations 
with respect to individual liabilities in connection with the 
operation. E.ON recognizes assets and liabilities as well as 
revenues and expenses in a joint operation pro rata according to 
the rights and obligations attributable to E.ON. 
Business Combinations 
Business combinations are accounted for using the purchase 
method, under which the purchase price is offset against the pro 
rata share in the acquired company’s revalued net assets. The fair 
values are determined using published exchange or market prices 
at the time of acquisition in the case of marketable securities or 
commodities, for example, and in the case of land, buildings and 
major technical equipment, generally using independent expert 
reports that have been prepared by third parties. If exchange or 
market prices are unavailable for consideration, fair values are 
derived from market prices for comparable assets or comparable 
transactions. If these values are not directly observable, fair value 
is determined using appropriate valuation methods. In such cases, 
E.ON determines fair value using the discounted cash flow method 
by discounting estimated future cash flows by a weighted-average 
cost of capital. 
Non-controlling interests can be measured either at cost (partial 
goodwill method) or at fair value (full goodwill method). The choice 
of method can be made on a case-by-case basis. The partial 
goodwill method is generally used within the E.ON Group. 
Intangible assets must be recognized separately if they are clearly 
separable or if their recognition arises from a contractual or other 
legal right. Provisions for restructuring measures may not be 
recognized in a purchase price allocation. If the purchase price paid 
exceeds the proportional share in the revalued net assets at the 
time of acquisition, the positive difference is recognized as 
goodwill. No goodwill is recognized for positive differences 
attributable to non-controlling interests. After a repeated review, 
any negative difference is recognized in net income. 
Foreign Currency Translation 
The Company’s transactions denominated in foreign currency are 
translated at the current exchange rate at the date of the 
transaction. At each balance sheet date monetary foreign currency 
items are adjusted to the exchange rate on the reporting date; any 
gains and losses resulting from fluctuations in the relevant 
currencies are recognized in net income and reported as other 
operating income and other operating expenses, respectively. 
Gains and losses from the translation of non-derivative financial 
instruments used in hedges of net investments in foreign 
operations are recognized in equity as a component of other 
comprehensive income. The ineffective portion of the hedging 
instrument is immediately recognized in net income. 
The functional currency as well as the reporting currency of E.ON 
SE is the euro. The assets and liabilities of Group companies with a 
functional currency other than the euro are translated using the 
mid-market exchange rates applicable on the balance sheet date. 
The income statements of foreign Group companies with a 
functional currency other than the euro are translated using annual 
average exchange rates. Differences arising from the application of 
both rates are recognized directly in equity as a component of 
other comprehensive income. 
The following table depicts the movements in exchange rates for 
the periods indicated for major currencies of countries outside the 
European Monetary Union: 
Currencies                
 
 ISO 
Code 
  
€1, rate at  
year-end   
€1, annual  
average rate  
   2025   2024   2025   2024  
British pound  GBP   0.87   0.83   0.86   0.85  
Danish krone  DKK   7.47   7.46   7.46   7.46  
Norwegian krone  NOK   11.84   11.80   11.72   11.63  
Polish złoty  PLN   4.22   4.28   4.24   4.31  
Romanian leu  RON   5.10   4.97   5.04   4.97  
Swedish krona  SEK   10.82   11.46   11.07   11.43  
Czech crown  CZK   24.24   25.19   24.69   25.12  
Turkish lira  TRY   50.48   36.74   44.82   35.57  
Hungarian forint  HUF   385.15   411.35   397.77   395.30  
US dollar  USD   1.18   1.04   1.13   1.08  
 
Countries classified as hyperinflationary are required by IAS 29 to 
express their financial statements in the functional currency of the 
hyperinflationary economy in terms of the measuring unit current 
at the balance sheet date to reflect current purchasing power. As a 
result, among other things, non-monetary assets and liabilities are 
generally adjusted using a general price index and a gain or loss on 
the net monetary position is recognized. For additional information 
on the application of IAS 29 in fiscal year 2025, please refer to 
Note 15 →. 
Recognition of Income 
a) Revenues 
Revenues in the Energy Retail segment are generated primarily 
from the sale of electricity and gas to retail customers, industrial 
and commercial customers and wholesale markets. For contracts 
that do not provide for defined purchase quantities, the 
performance obligation consists in particular in the provision and 
availability of energy on demand at any time (stand-ready 
obligation). Revenues are also generated in the German district 

[page 161]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 161 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
heating business and from the provision of sustainable solutions to 
customers to enhance energy efficiency, energy autonomy and 
electromobility. 
In the Energy Infrastructure Solutions segment, E.ON offers 
integrated, sustainable energy solutions with the goal of 
sustainably supplying heating, electricity, steam, and cooling to 
cities and towns, as well as commercial and industrial customers. 
Revenues are mainly generated from the delivery of heating and 
cooling, from the portfolio of decentralized services for 
neighborhoods, as well as industrial and commercial customers, 
and from products and services to enhance energy efficiency. This 
also includes the energy infrastructure sector, where the 
performance obligations mainly consist in the installation of block-
type thermal power stations, photovoltaic systems, air-
conditioning systems and heat pumps. This segment also includes 
the revenues generated from the smart energy meter business in 
the United Kingdom. 
In the Energy Networks business, mainly earnings from the 
distribution of electricity and gas are included in revenues. E.ON 
makes the electricity and gas distribution network available to its 
customers. In the course of extending electricity and gas networks, 
E.ON also installs customer connections and connects renewable 
energy generating stations to the grid. In some cases, the 
fulfillment of performance obligations also entails construction 
work on non-owned land. Significant parts of the fees generated in 
the Energy Networks segment are regulated and are therefore 
subject to efficiency-based upper limits on revenue.  
Revenues are generally recognized when E.ON fulfills its 
performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service 
to a customer. An asset is deemed to be transferred when the 
customer obtains control of the asset. The majority of the E.ON 
Group’s revenues are recognized over time because customers use 
these services when they are provided. For all such revenues, 
progress is measured using output-based methods, e.g., through 
the measurement of services that have already been provided or 
units that have been produced or delivered. For construction 
contracts, the stage of completion for overtime revenue 
recognition can be determined using input-based methods, such as 
the cost-to-cost method. The methods used appropriately reflect 
the pattern of transfer of goods to customers or provision of 
services for customers. The relatively subordinate point-in-time 
revenue recognition occurs, among other things, on the installation 
of solar panels or charging stations in the electromobility business, 
and for so-called linear products, where a fixed amount of energy 
is provided to commercial customers at a specific point in time. 
Revenue is recognized when control is transferred to the customer, 
which means that no significant discretionary decisions are 
required. 
Revenues from the sale of goods and services are measured using 
the transaction prices allocated to these goods and services. They 
reflect the value of the volume supplied, including an estimated 
value of the volume supplied to customers between the date of the 
last invoice and the end of the period. Revenues for B2C customers 
are generally anticipated on the basis of historical consumption 
data, taking into account current temperature effects. Payments 
are settled at the end of the settlement period. In B2B, a bottom-
up approach is used to calculate individual rates. Contractually 
agreed variable consideration may be allocated to an entire 
contract or to specific components of a contract, which is the case 
with energy supply agreements with a base price, for which the 
variable consideration is allocated in full to the actual supply of 
energy, but not to the fundamental readiness to supply the energy. 
E.ON’s sales transactions generally are not based on any material 
finance components. The average target payment period is 
generally between 10 and 30 days, in exceptional cases longer. 
Refunds to customers are an exception and are granted if the 
customer is disconnected from the power supply for an extended 
period of time. Cash bonuses or bonus payments to customers are 
recognized as refund liabilities and presented as a decrease in 
revenues uniformly over the term of the contract. As a rule, no 
warranties are granted in the core business. Warranties are only 
granted in the “Build & Sell” activities. 
Revenues also include interest income from finance leases when 
the corresponding activities are part of E.ON’s core business. This 
interest income is recognized on the basis of the effective interest 
method. 
b) Interest Income 
Interest income is recognized pro rata using the effective interest 
method. 
c) Dividend Income 
Dividend income is recognized when the right to receive the 
distribution payment arises. 
Electricity and Energy Taxes 
Electricity and energy taxes are levied on electricity and natural 
gas delivered to retail customers and are calculated on the basis of 
a fixed tax rate per kilowatt-hour (“kWh”). This rate varies between 
different classes of customers. Electricity and energy taxes 
payable are deducted from sales revenues on the face of the 
income statement if those taxes are levied upon delivery of energy 
to the retail customer. 
Earnings per Share 
Basic (undiluted) earnings per share is computed by dividing the 
consolidated net income attributable to the shareholders of the 
parent company by the weighted-average number of ordinary 
shares outstanding during the relevant period. At E.ON, the 
computation of diluted earnings per share is identical to that of 
basic earnings per share because E.ON SE has issued no potentially 
dilutive ordinary shares. The increase in the weighted-average 
number of shares outstanding resulted primarily from the issue of 
treasury shares in E.ON SE under the voluntary employee share 
purchase program. 

[page 162]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 162 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
Goodwill 
Goodwill is not amortized, but rather tested for impairment at the 
cash-generating unit level on at least an annual basis. The term 
cash-generating unit also always includes groups of cash-
generating units and is referred to in simplified form as a cash-
generating unit. Goodwill must also be tested for impairment, 
during the year, at the level of individual cash-generating units if 
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the recoverable 
amount of a particular cash-generating unit might be impaired, 
resulting in a shortfall in the carrying amount. 
Newly created goodwill is allocated to those cash-generating units 
expected to benefit from the respective business combination. The 
cash-generating units to which goodwill is allocated are generally 
equivalent to the operating segments. If goodwill cannot be 
allocated to individual cash-generating units without arbitrariness 
but instead can only be allocated to groups of cash-generating 
units, the lowest level within the unit at which the goodwill is 
monitored for internal management purposes then includes 
several cash-generating units to which the goodwill relates but to 
which it cannot be allocated individually. Goodwill impairment 
testing is performed in euros, while the underlying goodwill is 
always carried in the functional currency. 
In a first step, E.ON determines the recoverable amount of a cash-
generating unit on the basis of the fair value (less costs to sell) 
using generally accepted valuation procedures. This is based on 
the medium-term planning data of the respective cash-generating 
unit. Valuation is performed using the discounted cash flow 
method unless market transactions or valuations prepared by third 
parties for comparable assets which are higher-level in the fair 
value hierarchy according to IFRS 13 are available. If needed, a 
calculation of value in use is also performed. 
If the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount, the 
goodwill allocated to that cash-generating unit is adjusted in the 
amount of this difference. Because E.ON generally applies the 
partial goodwill method, only that part of the difference that is 
attributable to the respective partial goodwill is recognized as an 
impairment. 
E.ON performs the annual testing of goodwill for impairment at 
the cash-generating unit level in the fourth quarter on October 1 of 
each fiscal year. 
Impairment charges on the goodwill of a cash-generating unit and 
reported in the income statement under “Depreciation, 
amortization and impairment charges” may not be reversed in 
subsequent reporting periods. 
Intangible Assets 
IAS 38, “Intangible Assets” (“IAS 38”), requires that intangible 
assets be amortized over their expected useful lives unless their 
lives are considered to be indefinite. Factors such as typical 
product life cycles and legal or similar limits on use are taken into 
account in the classification. 
Internally generated intangible assets subject to amortization are 
related to software and are recognized as development costs. 
Intangible assets subject to amortization are generally amortized 
using the straight-line method over their expected useful lives. The 
useful lives of customer relationships and similar assets range 
between 2 and 50 years, and between 3 and 50 years for 
concessions, industrial property rights, licenses and similar rights, 
unless depreciation based on consumption reflects an appropriate 
level of depletion. This latter category includes software in 
particular. Useful lives and amortization methods are subject to 
regular verification. Intangible assets subject to amortization are 
tested for impairment whenever events or changes in 
circumstances indicate that such assets may be impaired. 
Intangible assets whose use has not yet started are not amortized. 
An impairment test is carried out at least once a year as well as 
whenever there are indications of impairment, either for the 
individual asset or at the level of the cash-generating unit. The 
useful life of an intangible asset with an indefinite life is tested 
annually to determine whether the indefinite life assumption 
continues to be justified. 
Both assets with definite and indefinite useful lives are impaired if 
the recoverable amount
–the higher of fair value less costs to sell 
and value in use–is lower than the carrying amount. If the reasons 
for the impairment losses previously recognized under 
“Depreciation, amortization and impairment charges” no longer 
apply, these assets are written up to a maximum of the value that 
would have resulted if no impairment losses had been recognized 
during the preceding periods, taking into account scheduled 
amortization. 
See Note 14 → for additional information about goodwill and 
intangible assets. 
Research and Development Costs 
Under IFRS, expenditure on research is expensed as incurred, while 
costs incurred during the development phase of new products, 
services and technologies are to be recognized as assets when the 
specific criteria for recognition specified in IAS 38 are present. In 
the 2024 and 2025 fiscal years, E.ON capitalized costs for 
internally generated software and other technologies in this 
context. 
Property, Plant and Equipment 
Property, plant and equipment is initially measured at acquisition 
or production cost, including decommissioning or restoration cost 
that must be capitalized, and is depreciated over the expected 
useful lives of the components, generally using the straight-line 
method, unless a different method of depreciation is deemed more 
suitable in certain exceptional cases. Useful lives are regularly 
tested for appropriateness and the underlying assumptions and 
estimates are updated, for example, in view of technical, economic 
or legal circumstances.  

[page 163]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 163 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The useful lives of the most significant asset classes of material 
property, plant and equipment are presented below: 
    
Property, plant and equipment is tested for impairment whenever 
events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset may be 
impaired. In such a case, property, plant and equipment is tested 
for impairment according to the principles prescribed for intangible 
assets in IAS 36. If the reasons for the impairment losses 
previously recognized under “Depreciation, amortization and 
impairment charges” no longer exist, such impairment losses are 
reversed and recognized in income. Such reversal shall not cause 
the carrying amount to exceed the amount that would have 
resulted had no impairment taken place during the preceding 
periods. 
Subsequent costs arising, for example, from additional or 
replacement capital expenditure are only recognized as part of the 
acquisition or production cost of the asset, or else— if relevant—
recognized as a separate asset if it is probable that the Group will 
receive a future economic benefit and the cost can be determined 
reliably. 
Repair and maintenance costs that do not constitute significant 
replacement capital expenditure are expensed as incurred. 
Borrowing Costs 
Borrowing costs that arise in connection with the acquisition, 
construction or production of a qualifying asset from the time of 
acquisition or from the beginning of construction or production 
until the conclusion of all material work required to prepare the 
qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are capitalized and 
subsequently amortized alongside the related asset. In the case of 
a specific financing arrangement, the respective borrowing costs 
incurred for that particular arrangement during the period are 
used. For non-specific financing arrangements, a financing rate 
uniform within the Group of 3.13 percent was applied for 2025 
(2024: 3.00 percent). Other borrowing costs are expensed. 
Government Grants 
The Group receives grants for assets and grants related to income. 
Government investment subsidies do not reduce the acquisition 
and production costs of the respective assets; they are instead 
reported on the balance sheet as deferred income. They are 
recognized in income on a straight-line basis over the associated 
asset’s expected useful life. 
Grants related to income are also generally recognized as deferred 
income on the balance sheet. The liability item is reversed over the 
period necessary to match the corresponding income effects that 
are intended to compensate for the government grants. Grants are 
recognized in the same way as subsidized items. 
Government grants are recognized at fair value if the Group 
satisfies the necessary conditions for receipt of the grant and if it is 
highly probable that the grant will be issued. 
Leasing 
Lease agreements are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 16, 
“Leases” (“IFRS 16”). A lease is an agreement that conveys the 
right to use an identified asset for a specified period in exchange 
for consideration. In certain cases, agreements that are not 
concluded in the form of a rental or lease agreement (e.g., physical 
power purchase agreements) are also reviewed to determine 
whether they contain a lease in accordance with IFRS 16. E.ON is 
party to some agreements in which it is the lessor and to others in 
which it is the lessee. 
E.ON as Lessee 
Transactions in which E.ON acts as a lessee are accounted for on 
the basis of the right-of-use model. The recognition exemption of 
IFRS 16.5 is used for low-value leases and for agreements with a 
lease term of less than 12 months (short-term leases). 
Accordingly, there is no recognition of the right-of-use asset and 
the lease liability. Instead, the payments are recognized on a 
straight-line basis as an expense. In line with internal management 
practice, intragroup leases are recognized as current expenses in 
the segment reporting. 
A lease liability is recognized in the amount of the present value of 
the existing payment obligation. Where an arrangement provides 
for payments for lease components and non-lease components, 
the payments are not separated using the practical expedient 
under IFRS 16.15 (with the exception of real estate leases); the 
lease liability is measured taking into account the total amount of 
the payments. Present value is determined by discounting with an 
incremental borrowing rate that is equivalent in terms of risk and 
term if the implicit interest rate cannot be determined. The liability 
is subsequently measured using the effective interest method. A 
right-of-use asset corresponding with the lease liability is 
recognized in the amount of the present value of the lease 
payments. The initial recognition amount of the right-of-use asset 
is increased by the amount of the initial direct costs, as well as 
expected costs for asset retirement obligations; prepayments 
made are included and lease incentives received are deducted from 
the initial recognition amount. A right-of-use asset is subsequently 
measured at amortized cost. Depreciation is carried out on a 
straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term or the useful 
life of the identified asset. An impairment test is carried out in 
accordance with IAS 36 if events or changed circumstances 
indicate an impairment. 
E.ON ensures its operational flexibility when concluding leasing 
agreements through the use of extension and termination options. 
In determining the lease term, E.ON considers all facts and 
circumstances that provide an economic incentive to exercise 
existing options. The lease term therefore also includes periods 
Useful Lives of Property, Plant and Equipment  
Buildings  5 to 60 years  
Technical equipment, plant and machinery  2 to 80 years  
Other equipment, fixtures, furniture and office equipment  2 to 30 years  

[page 164]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 164 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
covered by extension options if it is assumed with reasonable 
certainty that they will be exercised. 
E.ON as Lessor 
Lease transactions in which E.ON acts as lessor are classified as 
operating or finance leases depending on the distribution of risks 
and rewards. If a lease is classified as an operating lease, E.ON 
recognizes the identified asset and recognizes the lease payments 
as other operating income on a straight-line basis over the lease 
term. For finance leases, the identified asset is derecognized and a 
receivable is recognized in the amount of the net investment value. 
Payments made by the lessee are treated as a reduction of the 
lease receivable or interest income, which is recognized over the 
term of the lease using the effective interest method. Interest 
income from customer contracts in the core business is presented 
separately under revenues. Subleases are classified based on the 
right-of-use asset under the head lease. 
Financial Instruments 
Non-Derivative Financial Instruments 
Non-derivative financial instruments are measured in accordance 
with IFRS 9, “Financial Instruments” (“IFRS 9”). They are 
recognized at fair value, including transaction costs, on the 
settlement date when acquired, provided they are not recognized 
at fair value through profit and loss. 
Financial assets are classified as financial assets measured at 
amortized cost (AmC), financial assets measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income (FVOCI), and financial assets 
measured at fair value through profit and loss (FVPL) based on the 
business model and the characteristics of the cash flows. 
If a financial asset is held for the purpose of collecting contractual 
cash flows and the cash flows of the financial asset represent 
exclusively interest and principal payments, then the financial 
asset is measured at amortized cost (AmC). 
A financial asset is measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income (FVOCI) if it is used both to collect 
contractual cash flows and for sales purposes and the cash flows 
of the financial asset consist exclusively of interest and principal 
payments. 
Unrealized gains and losses from financial assets measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI), net of related 
deferred taxes, are reported as a component of equity (other 
comprehensive income) until realized. Realized gains and losses 
are determined by analyzing each transaction individually. 
Debt instruments that do not exclusively serve to collect 
contractual cash flows or to both generate contractual cash flows 
and sales revenue, or whose cash flows do not exclusively consist 
of interest and principal payments are measured at fair value 
through profit and loss (FVPL). For equity instruments that are not 
held for trading purposes, E.ON does not exercise the FVOCI 
option. 
Impairments of financial assets are both recognized for losses 
already incurred and for expected future credit defaults. The 
amount of the impairment loss calculated in the determination of 
expected credit losses is recognized on the income statement. 
The expected future credit loss is calculated by multiplying the 
probability of default by the carrying amount of the financial asset 
(exposure at default) and the expected loss ratio (loss given 
default). For information on the treatment of impairments under 
IFRS 9, please see Note 31 →. 
Non-derivative financial liabilities (including trade payables) within 
the scope of IFRS 9 are measured at amortized cost, using the 
effective interest method. Initial measurement takes place at fair 
value, with transaction costs included in the measurement. In the 
subsequent measurement, the residual carrying amount is 
adjusted by the amortization and accretion of any premium or 
discount remaining until maturity. The premium or discount is 
recognized in financial results over its term. 
Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging 
Derivative financial instruments and separated embedded 
derivatives are measured at fair value as of the trading date at 
initial recognition. Under IFRS 9, they are classified as at fair value 
through profit and loss (FVPL) as long as they are not a component 
of a hedge accounting relationship. Gains and losses from changes 
in fair value are immediately recognized in net income. 
The instruments primarily used are foreign currency forwards and 
cross-currency interest rate swaps, as well as interest rate swaps. 
In commodities, the instruments used primarily include physically 
and financially settled forwards and options related to electricity 
and gas. 
As part of fair value measurement in accordance with IFRS 13, the 
counterparty risk is also taken into account for derivative financial 
instruments. E.ON determines this risk based on a portfolio 
valuation in a bilateral approach for both own credit risk (debt 
value adjustment) and the credit risk of the corresponding 
counterparty (credit value adjustment). The counterparty risks 
thus determined are allocated to the individual financial 
instruments by applying the relative fair value method on a net 
basis. 
E.ON has designated some of these derivatives as part of a 
hedging relationship. IFRS 9 sets requirements for the 
admissibility of hedging instruments and the underlyings, the 
formal designation and documentation of hedging relationships, 
the hedging strategy, as well as fulfilling requirements of 
effectiveness in order to qualify for hedge accounting. The 
designated hedged items and hedging instruments are subject to 
the same risk. This economic relationship ensures that the 
amounts of the hedged items and hedging instruments are offset 
against each other and that the hedging relationships are therefore 
effective. Ineffectiveness arises only if the measurement 
parameters of the hedged item and the hedging instrument differ 
from one another or in the case of subsequent designation of the 
hedging instrument. All components of derivative gains and losses 

[page 165]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 165 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
from the measurement of hedge ineffectiveness are taken into 
consideration during recognition. 
For qualifying fair value hedges, the change in the fair value of the 
derivative and the change in the fair value of the hedged item that 
is due to the hedged risk(s) are recognized in income. 
If a derivative instrument qualifies as a cash flow hedge under IFRS 
9, the effective portion of the hedging instrument’s change in fair 
value is recognized in equity (as a component of other 
comprehensive income. In accordance with IFRS 9, the currency 
basis spread (hedging costs) will be separated from the hedging 
instrument and reported separately as an excluded component in 
accumulated other comprehensive income in the reserve for 
hedging costs as a component of equity. 
The hedging result is reclassified into income during the period in 
which the cash flows of the hedged asset are recognized in 
income. The result is recognized immediately in income if it 
becomes probable that the hedged underlying transaction will no 
longer occur. For hedging instruments used to establish cash flow 
hedges, the change in fair value of the ineffective portion is 
recognized immediately in the income statement to the extent 
required. 
To hedge the foreign currency risk arising from the Company’s net 
investment in foreign operations, derivative as well as non-
derivative financial instruments are used. Gains or losses due to 
changes in fair value and from foreign currency translation are 
recognized within equity, as a component of other comprehensive 
income, under currency translation adjustments. 
E.ON currently uses hedges in the framework of cash flow hedges 
and hedges of a net investment. 
Changes in fair value of derivative instruments that are recognized 
in income are presented as other operating income or expenses. 
Gains and losses from interest-rate derivatives are included in 
interest income. 
Unrealized gains and losses resulting from the initial measurement 
of derivative financial instruments at the inception of the contract 
are not recognized in income. They are instead deferred and 
recognized in income systematically over the term of the 
derivative. An exception to the accrual principle applies if 
unrealized gains and losses from the initial measurement are 
verified by quoted market prices, observable prices of other 
current market transactions or other observable data supporting 
the valuation technique. In this case the gains and losses are 
recognized in income. 
E.ON holds portfolios of sales and procurement contracts for 
electricity and gas supplies with various customer and supplier 
groups (commodity futures). Contracts (in particular sales and 
procurement contracts for electricity and gas) that are entered into 
for purposes of receiving or delivering non-financial items in 
accordance with E.ON’s anticipated procurement, sale or use 
requirements, and held as such, are generally classified as own-
use contracts. 
They are not accounted for as derivative financial instruments at 
fair value through profit and loss (FVPL) in accordance with IFRS 9, 
but as pending transactions subject to the rules of IAS 37. 
Contracts that provide for net settlement and resales of the 
quantities to be delivered at a future date generally cannot, as a 
rule, be classified as own-use contracts. Based on forward-looking 
forecasts of delivery quantities specified by customer structure 
and portfolio management, contracts with physical settlement 
upon conclusion are recognized as derivatives for which 
settlement cannot be ensured within the scope of ordinary 
delivery. A derivative is recognized if it is determined in the 
retrospective review that the quantities classified as own-use 
exceed the actually delivered quantities. 
Embedded derivatives in own-use contracts must be separated 
from the host contract and accounted for as derivatives in 
accordance with IFRS 9 if the economic characteristics and risks of 
these derivatives are not closely related to those of the host 
contract. The contract is assessed upon conclusion to determine 
whether a derivative is required to be separated. A reassessment 
must be carried out if there is a significant change in the terms of 
the contract or in the context of business combinations. 
Agreements to buy or sell non-financial items that are not 
classified as own-use contracts under IFRS 9 and that are required 
to be accounted for as derivatives must be recognized in the 
balance sheet at their fair value until they are realized. At the time 
of physical settlement (delivery or feed-in) of such energy delivery 
contracts, the electricity or gas volumes delivered are measured at 
the market price prevailing at this time. The difference between 
the contract price and the market price is recognized in other 
operating income. In exceptional cases, commodity derivatives are 
designated as hedging instruments of a cash flow hedge in 
accordance with IFRS 9, and the effective part of the value change 
is recognized in equity as a component of other comprehensive 
income. 
IFRS 7, “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” (“IFRS 7”), and IFRS 
13 both require comprehensive quantitative and qualitative 
disclosures about the extent of risks arising from financial 
instruments. Additional information on financial instruments is 
provided in Note 30 → and Note 31 →. 
Non-derivative and derivative financial instruments are netted on 
the balance sheet if under IAS 32 E.ON has both an unconditional 
right— even in the event of the counterparty’s insolvency— and the 
intention to settle offsetting positions simultaneously and/or on a 
net basis. 
Inventories 
Inventories are measured at the lower of acquisition or production 
cost and net realizable value. The cost of raw materials, finished 
products and goods purchased for resale is determined based on 
the average cost method. In addition to production materials and 
wages, production costs include material and production 
overheads based on normal capacity. The costs of general 
administration are not capitalized. Inventory risks resulting from 

[page 166]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 166 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
excess and obsolescence are considered by using appropriate 
valuation allowances, whereby inventories are written down to net 
realizable value. 
Emission Rights and Similar Certificates 
Emission rights and similar certificates held under national and 
international emissions trading systems for the settlement of 
obligations are capitalized at cost at the date of acquisition and 
reported under current assets. Subsequent measurement is at 
amortized cost under IAS 38. 
The obligation to submit emission rights and similar certificates to 
the relevant authorities is recognized as a liability as of the balance 
sheet date. Measurement is based on the best estimate of the 
future settlement amount. 
If emission rights and similar certificates are held for purposes of 
proprietary trading, they are measured at fair value less costs to 
sell. 
Receivables, Contract Assets or Liabilities and 
Other Assets 
A receivable is recognized under IFRS 15 when the goods or 
services are delivered, provided that the right to consideration is 
unconditional, i.e., is only related to the passage of time. However, 
if the right to receive the consideration is contingent upon 
conditions other than the passage of time, a contract asset is 
recognized. A contract liability under IFRS 15 is recognized when 
consideration has been received for an existing IFRS 15 contract 
and the right to receive the goods or services still exists in full or in 
part. The contractual liability is only reversed with an effect on 
revenue when E.ON has performed the corresponding service. An 
other asset is recognized under IFRS 15 if the cost of obtaining the 
contract is expected to be recovered and the amortization period is 
longer than one year. Other assets are amortized over the 
estimated term of the contract depending on how the goods or 
services to which the costs relate are transferred to the customer. 
If the estimated term of the contract is less than one year, the 
costs are immediately recognized as an expense on the income 
statement. Trade receivables without a significant financial 
component are measured upon initial recognition at their 
transaction price. Valuation allowances, included in the reported 
net carrying amount, are provided for identifiable individual risks. If 
the loss of a certain part of the receivables is probable, valuation 
allowances are provided to cover the expected loss. Impairments 
are also recognized for expected future credit losses. 
Liquid Funds 
Liquid funds include checks, cash on hand, bank balances and 
current securities. 
Liquid funds with an original maturity of more than three months 
are recognized under securities and fixed-term deposits provided 
that their maturities are not more than 12 months and therefore 
are recognized under non-current financial receivables and other 
financial assets. 
Liquid funds with an original maturity of less than three months 
are considered to be cash and cash equivalents in accordance with 
IAS 7. This also applies if they are merely contractually restricted, 
in which case the funds can technically be disposed of at any time 
at E.ON’s discretion. However, if, as a result of a restriction, liquid 
funds cannot technically be disposed of at any time at E.ON’s 
discretion, they are reported separately as restricted liquid funds. 
Assets Held for Sale and Liabilities Associated 
with Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued 
Operations 
Non-current assets and any corresponding liabilities held for sale 
are recognized separately from other assets and liabilities in the 
balance sheet in the line items “Assets held for sale” and “Liabilities 
associated with assets held for sale” if they can be disposed of in 
their current condition and if there is sufficient probability of their 
disposal actually taking place. The reclassification to the separate 
balance sheet items is shown in the fixed asset movement 
schedule under Disposals. 
Discontinued operations are components of an entity that are 
either held for sale or have already been sold and can be clearly 
distinguished from other corporate operations, both operationally 
and for financial reporting purposes. Additionally, the component 
of the entity classified as a discontinued operation must represent 
a major business line or a specific material geographic business 
segment of the Group or a subsidiary acquired exclusively for 
resale. 
Non-current assets that are held for sale either individually or 
collectively as part of a disposal group, or that belong to a 
discontinued operation, are no longer depreciated. They are 
instead accounted for at the lower of the carrying amount and the 
fair value less any remaining costs to sell. If this value is less than 
the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized in other 
operating expenses. 
The income and losses resulting from the measurement of 
components held for sale as well as the gains and losses arising 
from the disposal of discontinued operations, are reported 
separately on the face of the income statement under income/loss 
from discontinued operations, net, as is the income from the 
ordinary operating activities of these divisions. Prior-year income 
statement figures are adjusted accordingly. The relevant assets 
and liabilities are reported in a separate line on the balance sheet. 
The cash flows of discontinued operations are reported separately 
in the cash flow statement, with prior-year figures adjusted 
accordingly. However, there is no reclassification of prior-year 
balance sheet line items attributable to discontinued operations. 
Equity Instruments 
E.ON has entered into purchase commitments to holders of non-
controlling interests in subsidiaries. By means of these 

[page 167]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 167 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
agreements, the non-controlling shareholders have the right to 
require E.ON to purchase their shares on specified conditions. 
None of the contractual obligations has led to the transfer of 
substantially all of the risk and rewards to E.ON at the time of 
entering into the contract. Under the anticipated acquisition 
method, however, the right of tender is accounted for as if it had 
already been exercised. Accordingly, the minority interests are 
derecognized— irrespective of the probability of the option being 
exercised— and at the same time a liability is recognized in the 
amount of the present value of the repurchase amount in 
accordance with IAS 32, “Financial Instruments: Presentation” 
(“IAS 32”). The difference between this measurement and the 
carrying amount of the minority shareholders’ equity to be 
derecognized is recognized in equity of E.ON SE shareholders. The 
accretion of the liability is recognized as interest expense. If a 
purchase commitment expires unexercised, the liability reverts to 
non-controlling interests. Any remaining difference is then 
recognized directly in equity in retained earnings. 
Where shareholders of entities own statutory, non-excludable 
rights of termination (as in the case of German partnerships, for 
example), such termination rights require the reclassification of 
non-controlling interests from equity into liabilities under IAS 32. 
The liability is recognized at the present value of the expected 
settlement amount irrespective of the probability of termination. 
Changes in the value of the liability are reported within other 
operating income. Accretion of the share of the results of the non-
controlling shareholders’ share in net income is recognized in Net 
interest income/expense. In the event that non-controlling 
shareholders are entitled to a guaranteed dividend, this 
entitlement is recognized as a liability through reclassification from 
non-controlling interests in equity. 
If E.ON SE or a Group company buys treasury shares of E.ON SE, 
the value of the consideration paid, including directly attributable 
additional costs (net after income taxes), is deducted from E.ON 
SE’s equity until the shares are retired, distributed or resold. If such 
treasury shares are subsequently distributed or sold, the 
consideration received, net of acquisition costs, any directly 
attributable additional transaction costs and associated income 
taxes, is recognized in additional paid-in capital. 
Share-Based Payment 
Share-based payment plans issued in the E.ON Group are 
accounted for in accordance with IFRS 2, “Share-Based Payment” 
(“IFRS 2”). 
In fiscal years 2017 to 2025, virtual shares were granted to 
members of the Management Board of E.ON SE and certain E.ON 
Group executives under the E.ON Performance Plan. See the 
Compensation Report for more details on the structure of the plan. 
The E.ON Performance Plan represents commitments of the 
Company which provide for cash compensation based on the share 
price performance at the end of the term. The compensation 
expense is measured taking into account the fair value of the 
virtual shares granted and recognized in personnel expense pro 
rata over the vesting period. 
In 2025, as in 2024, employees of E.ON SE and participating 
subsidiaries once again had the opportunity to purchase E.ON 
shares at favorable conditions under the Employee Share Purchase 
Program. The program includes a share-based payment settled in 
equity instruments (shares of E.ON SE) as consideration for 
services rendered or work performed. The corresponding 
compensation under IFRS 2 was recognized in personnel expense 
and the offsetting entry was made in equity. 
Provisions for Pensions and Similar Obligations 
Measurement of defined benefit obligations in accordance with 
IAS 19, “Employee Benefits,” is based on actuarial computations 
using the projected unit credit method, with actuarial valuations 
performed at year-end. The valuation encompasses both pension 
obligations and pension entitlements that are known on the 
reporting date and economic trend assumptions such as 
assumptions on wage and salary growth rates and pension 
increase rates, among others, that are made in order to reflect 
realistic expectations, as well as variables specific to reporting 
dates such as discount rates, for example. 
Included in gains and losses from the remeasurements of the net 
defined benefit liability or asset are actuarial gains and losses that 
may arise especially from differences between estimated and 
actual variations in underlying assumptions about demographic 
and financial variables. Additionally included is the difference 
between the actual return on plan assets and the expected interest 
income on plan assets included in the net interest result. 
Remeasurement effects are recognized in full in the period in 
which they occur and are not reported within the Consolidated 
Statement of Income, but are instead recognized within the 
Consolidated Statement of Recognized Income and Expenses as 
part of equity. 
The employer service cost representing the additional benefits that 
employees earned under the benefit plan during the fiscal year is 
reported under personnel costs; the net interest on the net liability 
or asset from defined benefit pension plans determined based on 
the discount rate applicable at the start of the fiscal year is 
reported under financial results. 
Past service cost, as well as gains and losses from settlements, are 
fully recognized in the income statement in the period in which the 
underlying plan amendment, curtailment or settlement takes 
place. They are reported under personnel costs. 
The amount reported on the balance sheet represents the present 
value of the defined benefit obligations reduced by the fair value of 
plan assets. If a net asset position arises from this calculation, the 
amount is limited to the present value of available refunds and the 
reduction in future contributions and to the benefit from 
prepayments of minimum funding requirements. Such an asset 
position is recognized as an operating receivable. 
Payments for defined contribution pension plans are expensed 
when due  and reported under personnel costs. Contributions to 

[page 168]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 168 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
state pension plans are treated like payments for defined 
contribution pension plans to the extent that the obligations under 
these pension plans generally correspond to those under defined 
contribution pension plans. 
Provisions for Asset Retirement Obligations and 
Other Miscellaneous Provisions 
In accordance with IAS 37, “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and 
Contingent Assets” (“IAS 37”), provisions are recognized when 
E.ON has a legal or constructive present obligation towards third 
parties as a result of a past event, it is probable that E.ON will be 
required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be 
made of the amount of the obligation. The provision is recognized 
at the expected settlement amount. Long-term obligations are 
reported as liabilities at the present value of their expected 
settlement amounts if the interest rate effect (the difference 
between present value and repayment amount) resulting from 
discounting is material; future cost increases that are foreseeable 
and likely to occur on the balance sheet date at year-end must also 
be included in the measurement. Long-term obligations are 
generally discounted at the market interest rate applicable as of 
the respective balance sheet date, provided that it is not negative. 
The accretion amounts and the effects of changes in interest rates 
are generally presented as part of financial results. A 
reimbursement related to the provision that is virtually certain to 
be collected is capitalized as a separate asset. No offsetting within 
provisions is permitted. Advance payments remitted are deducted 
from the provisions. 
Obligations arising from the decommissioning or dismantling of 
property, plant and equipment are recognized during the period of 
their occurrence at their discounted settlement amounts, provided 
that the obligation can be reliably estimated, whereby no negative 
discount rates are applied. The carrying amounts of the respective 
property, plant and equipment are increased by the same amounts. 
In subsequent periods, capitalized asset retirement costs are 
amortized over the expected remaining useful lives of the assets, 
and the provision is accreted to its present value on an annual 
basis. Advance payments remitted are deducted from the 
provisions. 
Changes in estimates arise in particular from deviations from 
original cost estimates, from changes to the maturity or the scope 
of the relevant obligation, and also as a result of the regular 
adjustment of the discount rate to current market interest rates. 
The adjustment of provisions for the decommissioning and 
restoration of property, plant and equipment for changes to 
estimates is generally recognized by way of a corresponding 
adjustment to these assets, with no effect on income. As the 
property, plant and equipment concerned have, however, 
frequently already been fully depreciated, changes to estimates 
are primarily recognized within the income statement. 
The estimates for nuclear decommissioning provisions are derived 
from studies, cost estimates, legally binding civil agreements and 
legal information. A material element in the estimates are the real 
interest rates applied (the applied discount rate, less the cost 
increase rate). 
If onerous contracts exist in which the unavoidable costs of 
meeting a contractual obligation exceed the economic benefits 
expected to be received under the contract, provisions are 
established for losses from pending transactions. Such provisions 
are recognized at the lower of the excess obligation upon 
performance under the contract and any potential penalties or 
compensation arising in the event of non-performance. Obligations 
under an open contractual relationship are determined from a 
sales market perspective, in part on the basis of contract 
portfolios. 
Provisions for pending sales transactions must also be recognized 
if these transactions are subject to the own-use exemption under 
IFRS 9 and if they are partially offset by transactions that are 
accounted for as derivative financial instruments measured at 
current market prices. As a result, provisions under IAS 37 are 
recognized for transactions actually subject to the own-use 
exemption, for the purpose of which the intrinsic values of the 
derivatives accounted for under IFRS 9 held in the procurement 
portfolio are taken into consideration in the calculation of the 
imputed performance costs. The book structure adopted under 
IFRS 9 therefore affects the accounting treatment of the 
corresponding provisions. 
Contingent liabilities are possible obligations toward third parties 
arising from past events that are not wholly within the control of 
the entity, or else present obligations toward third parties arising 
from past events in which an outflow of resources embodying 
economic benefits is not probable or where the amount of the 
obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability. 
Contingent liabilities are not recognized on the balance sheet. 
A full disclosure of information is not provided for certain 
contingent liabilities, contingent receivables and provisions in 
connection with pending litigation if such disclosure could have a 
significant influence on further proceedings. 
Provisions for restructuring costs are recognized at the present 
value of the future outflows of resources. Provisions are 
recognized once a detailed restructuring plan has been decided on 
by management and whose implementation has either already 
begun or which have been publicly announced or communicated to 
the employees or their representatives. Only those expenses that 
are directly attributable to the restructuring measures are used in 
measuring the amount of the provision. Expenses associated with 
the future operation are not taken into consideration. 
Income Taxes 
Under IAS 12, “Income Taxes” (“IAS 12”), deferred taxes are 
recognized on temporary differences arising between the carrying 
amounts of assets and liabilities on the balance sheet and their tax 
bases (balance sheet liability method). Deferred taxes are 
recognized for temporary differences that will result in taxable or 
deductible amounts when taxable income is calculated for future 
periods, unless those differences are the result of the initial 
recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a 

[page 169]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 169 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
business combination that, at the time of the transaction, affects 
neither accounting nor taxable profit/loss and does not generate 
any temporary differences in the same amount that are subject to 
tax or deduction (initial differences). Uncertain tax positions are 
recognized at their most likely value or the expected value. IAS 12 
further requires that deferred tax assets be recognized for unused 
tax loss carryforwards and unused tax credits. Deferred tax assets 
are recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit 
will be available against which the deductible temporary 
differences and unused tax losses can be utilized. Each of the 
corporate entities is assessed individually with regard to the 
probability of a positive tax result in future years. The planning 
horizon is basically three to five years in this context. Any existing 
history of losses is incorporated in this assessment. For those tax 
assets to which these assumptions do not apply, the value of the 
deferred tax assets is reduced. Deferred taxes in connection with 
the global minimum tax (“Pillar 2”) are not recognized. 
Deferred tax liabilities caused by temporary differences associated 
with investments in affiliated and associated companies are 
recognized unless the timing of the reversal of such temporary 
differences can be controlled within the Group and it is probable 
that, owing to this control, the differences will in fact not be 
reversed in the foreseeable future. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted 
or substantively enacted tax rates expected to be applicable for 
taxable income in the years in which temporary differences are 
expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax 
assets and liabilities of changes in tax rates and tax law is 
recognized in net income unless the change affects deferred taxes 
that had previously been recognized directly in equity. The change 
is generally recognized in the period in which the material 
legislative process is completed. Income taxes for transaction 
costs of an equity transaction are recognized directly in equity. 
Income tax items are regularly assessed, in particular against the 
backdrop of numerous changes in tax laws, tax regulations, legal 
decisions and ongoing tax audits. E.ON is responding to this 
circumstance, in particular through the application of IFRIC 23, by 
continuously identifying and assessing the tax environment and 
the resulting effects. The most current information is then 
incorporated into the estimate parameters necessary for 
measuring the tax provisions. Accordingly, related potential 
interest rate effects are also assessed, measured and reported 
separately. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
In accordance with IAS 7, “Statement of Cash Flows,” the 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows is classified in cash flows 
from operating, investing and financing activities. 
Segment Information 
In accordance with the so-called management approach required 
by IFRS 8, “Operating Segments” (“IFRS 8), the internal reporting 
organization used by management for making decisions on 
operating matters is used to identify the Company’s reportable 
segments. The internal performance measure used as the segment 
result is EBITDA adjusted to exclude certain non-operating effects 
(see Note 34 →). Transactions between the reportable segments 
are generally recorded at arm’s length transfer prices. 
Structure of the Consolidated Balance Sheets and 
Statement of Income 
In accordance with IAS 1, “Presentation of Financial Statements,” 
the Consolidated Balance Sheets have been prepared using a 
classified balance sheet structure. Assets that will be realized 
within 12 months of the reporting date, as well as liabilities that 
are due to be settled within one year of the reporting date are 
generally classified as current. 
The Consolidated Statement of Income is classified using the 
nature of expense method, which is also applied for internal 
purposes. 
Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions; 
Critical Judgments in the Application of 
Accounting Policies 
The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements requires 
management to make estimates and assumptions that may both 
influence the application of accounting principles within the Group 
and affect the measurement and presentation of reported figures. 
Actual amounts may differ from these estimates. Estimates are 
based on past experience and on current knowledge obtained on 
the transactions to be reported. The estimates and underlying 
assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis and are adjusted as 
necessary in the periods in which they were recognized. 
Estimates are particularly necessary for the measurement of the 
value of property, plant and equipment and of intangible assets, 
specifically in connection with purchase price allocations and 
determining the useful life, the recognition and measurement of 
deferred tax assets (especially with regard to the future availability 
of taxable profits against which the deductible temporary 
differences and tax loss carryforwards can be applied), the 
accounting treatment of provisions for pensions and other 
provisions (in particular provisions for the decommissioning of 
nuclear power plants and provisions for onerous contracts from 
pending transactions involving the sale of electricity and gas), for 
impairment testing in accordance with IAS 36, as well as the 
determination of the fair value of certain financial instruments, as 
well as for the application of IFRS 15, and here in particular for the 
estimation of the value of electricity and gas units supplied, 
including the estimated values for units between the last 
settlement and the end of the period. The same applies to the 
estimation of outstanding performance obligations. This 
estimation is performed on the basis of medium-term planning 
data. In a second step, this data is adjusted for expected new 
contracts and the renewal of existing contracts in the coming 
years. Estimates are also factored in when applying IFRS 16, 
namely in connection with the determination of lease terms and 
the calculation of the discount rate, and in part when applying 

[page 170]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 170 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
IFRS  9 in connection with the determination of expected future 
credit losses. 
The application of accounting policies requires judgments to be 
made that may affect the amounts recognized in the financial 
statements. Judgments are relevant, for example, when assessing 
whether an item is to be classified in accordance with IFRS 5. Here, 
management assesses whether a disposal is considered highly 
probable. Further judgments may be necessary in assessing 
whether E.ON controls, jointly controls with other investors, or can 
significantly influence an entity. Specifically, management 
assesses here what the significant activities of the Company are, 
i.e., which activities have a material impact on the returns of the 
investee. The list of shareholdings (see Note 12 →) provides 
information on the form of inclusion in the consolidated financial 
statements of certain investees whose share of voting rights 
indicates a different form of inclusion. The impairment tests to be 
conducted in accordance with IAS 36 are also based on various 
assumptions according to the discretionary judgment of the 
management. The assumptions applied for the impairment tests 
conducted in fiscal year 2025 are described in detail in Note 14 →. 
Critical judgment is also required in the recognition of risks arising 
from claims asserted by customers for the restitution of amounts 
collected through price adjustment measures (provisions in 
connection with price adjustments). Discretionary judgment is 
required in estimating the financial impacts of litigation, 
particularly the determination of whether assets or liabilities 
should be recognized and whether contingent assets or liabilities 
should be disclosed (see Note 28 →).  
Under the German Federal Climate Protection Act, greenhouse gas 
emissions in Germany are supposed to be reduced to the point of 
net-zero by the year 2045. In consideration of this objective, a 
provision related to the German gas distribution network was 
established for the first time as of December 31, 2025. E.ON 
expects that parts of the German natural gas network will no 
longer be permanently operated or will be used for alternative 
purposes from 2045 onward. Based on previous statements of the 
German Federal Network Agency, it is expected that expenses 
related to this objective will be reflected in future gas network fees 
in the future. The amount of the provision is mainly dependent on 
the further legislative and regulatory requirements affecting the 
importance of gaseous energy sources in the German energy mix, 
which could primarily affect the further development and use or 
even the closure and asset retirement of existing gas networks, as 
well as the further development of cost parameters and valuation 
assumptions (see Note 25 →). 
Estimates and judgments continue to be subject to increased 
uncertainty, in particular due to the significant volume and price 
volatilities on the energy markets (and due to the continuing war in 
Ukraine). The actual amounts may differ from the estimates and 
judgments made. Such changes may have a material impact on 
E.ON’s net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
When the estimates and judgments were updated, all available 
information on expected economic developments and country-
specific government measures was taken into account on the 
reporting date. It is still difficult to predict the duration and the 
extent of the impact on assets, liabilities, earnings and cash flows 
of the war in Ukraine.  
The underlying principles used for estimates and judgments in the 
named topics and in additional relevant topics are outlined in the 
respective sections. 

[page 171]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 171 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
02 New Standards, Interpretations and Amendments
Standards, Interpretations and 
Amendments Applicable for the First 
Time in Fiscal Year 2025 
The EU has transposed these amendments into European law. The 
amendments will be applied for fiscal years beginning on or after 
January 1, 2025. The amendments have no material impact on 
E.ON’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Standards, Interpretations and 
Amendments Issued But Not Yet 
Applicable 
The IASB and the IFRS IC have issued the following additional 
standards and interpretations. E.ON does not apply these rules 
because their application is not yet mandatory. The table below 
shows whether these amendments are expected to have a 
material impact on E.ON’s Consolidated Financial Statements: 
IASB and IFRS IC Pronouncements  Explanation  
To be applied by E.ON 
from  
Expected impact on the presentation of E.ON's net assets, 
financial position and results of operations  
Amendments to IAS 21— Lack of Exchangeability  Specification of when a currency is exchangeable and how to determine 
the exchange rate when it is not. 
 01/01/2025  No impact.  

[page 172]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 172 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
IASB and IFRS IC Pronouncements  Explanation  
Transposed 
into EU law  
To be applied by 
E.ON from  
Expected impact on the presentation of E.ON's net 
assets, financial position and results of operations  
Annual Improvements to IFRS— Volume 11  Minor amendments to the IFRS-Accounting Standards 
IFRS 1, IFRS 7, IFRS 9, IFRS 10, and IAS 7. 
 Yes  01/01/2026  No material impact. 
 
Amendments to IFRS 7 and 9— Classification and 
Measurement of Financial Instruments 
 These amendments pertain to the classification, measurement, and 
disclosure of financial instruments, with the primary goal of ensuring 
improved transparency and consistency in the treatment of ESG criteria and 
interest payments. The amendments also contain clarifications regarding 
the derecognition of financial liabilities and financial assets settled through 
electronic transfer. 
 Yes  01/01/2026  No material impact. 
 
Amendments to IFRS 7 and IFRS 9— Contracts 
Referencing Nature-Dependent Electricity 
 Contracts referencing nature-dependent electricity help companies access 
electricity from sources such as wind or solar power. These contracts are 
often structured as Power Purchase Agreements. In order to provide better 
representation of these contracts in the financial statements of companies, 
the IASB has made the following amendments: 
— Clarification on the application of the own use exemption to these 
contracts; 
— Amendment of the hedge accounting for requirements to permit an entity 
to use such contracts as hedging instruments if certain conditions are met; 
— Introduction of additional disclosure requirements. 
 Yes  01/01/2026  No material impact. 
 
IFRS 18— Presentation and Disclosures in 
Financial Statements 
 IFRS 18 contains requirements for the presentation and disclosure of 
information in IFRS financial statements. IFRS 18 will replace IAS 1 
"Presentation of Financial Statements." The key changes introduced by 
IFRS 18 include: 
— In the statement of profit or loss: New structure with two new, obligatory 
subtotals (Operating profit and Profit before financing and income taxes) 
and the requirement to classify all expenses and income in one of five 
categories, three of which are new (operating, investing, and financing) and 
two of which were already required by IAS 1 (income taxes and 
discontinued operations); 
— In the statement of cash flows: The starting point for the indirect 
determination of operating cash flow is now the Operating profit; 
presentation options have been eliminated; 
— In the notes: Reconciliation between each “management-defined 
performance measure“ (MPM) and the most directly comparable IFRS-
defined subtotal, including the income tax effect and the effect on non-
controlling interests for each item disclosed in the reconciliation, and 
indication of the line items in the statement of profit or loss containing the 
matters measured by the MPM; 
— In primary statements and note disclosures: additional requirements for 
aggregation/disaggregation. 
 Yes  01/01/2027  The initial application of IFRS 18 is expected to have significant 
impacts on the presentation of financial statements. These primarily 
include: 
— New structure of the statement of profit or loss: See the “Explanation“ for 
details. 
— Changes in the statement of cash flows: New starting point for the 
indirect determination of operating cash flow and elimination of 
presentation options, leading to a change in Dividends and interest received 
(defined as operating cash flow to date, to be classified as cash flow from 
investing activities in the future), and Interest paid (defined as operating 
cash flow to date, to be classified as cash flow from investing activities in 
the future). It is expected that these changes will cause a modest increase 
in the operating cash flow of the E.ON Group. The sum total of the three 
kinds of cash flow (cash flow from operating activities, cash flow from 
investing activities, cash flow from financing activities) will not be changed 
by the new rules. 
— In the notes: Considerable increase in disclosures on the subject of 
management-defined performance measures, see the “Explanation”; 
— More detailed rules for aggregation and disaggregation, leading to an 
insignificant increase in disclosures on the subject of miscellaneous other 
items in the statement of financial position and statement of profit or loss.  
IFRS 19— Subsidiaries without Public 
Accountability: Disclosures 
 IFRS 19 establishes reduced disclosure requirements that an eligible entity 
may apply instead of the disclosure requirements set out in other IFRS 
Accounting Standards. 
 No  01/01/2027*  No impact. 
 
Amendments to IFRS 19— Subsidiaries without 
Public Accountability: Disclosures 
 The amendments incorporate new or amended Accounting Standards that 
were issued after the original publication of IFRS 19 (e.g., IFRS 18). 
 No  01/01/2027*  No impact.  
Amendments to IAS 21— Translation to a 
Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency 
 Specification of the manner in which enterprises are to translate financial 
statements from a non-hyperinflationary currency to a hyperinflationary 
presentation currency. 
 No  01/01/2027*  No impact.  
* If not yet endorsed by the EU the date of first-time adoption scheduled by the IASB is assumed to apply.  

[page 173]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 173 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
03 Scope of Consolidation 
The number of consolidated companies changed as follows in the 
2025 fiscal year: 
Scope of Consolidation  
  Domestic   Foreign   Total  
Consolidated companies 
as of January 1, 2024  164   129   293  
Additions  6   14   20  
Disposals/Mergers  6   6   12  
Consolidated companies 
as of December 31, 2024  164   137   301  
Additions  12   5   17  
Disposals/Mergers  12   2   14  
Consolidated companies 
as of December 31, 2025  164   140   304  
 
In 2025, a total of 54 domestic and 7 foreign associated 
companies were consolidated under the equity method (2024: 53 
domestic companies and 8 foreign companies). One domestic 
company reported as joint operations was presented pro rata on 
the Consolidated Financial Statements (2024: one domestic 
company).

[page 174]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 174 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
04 Material Acquisitions, Disposals and Disposal Groups in 2025 
Termination of Agreement Reached for 
Sale of Energy Retail Business in 
Romania   
E.ON had signed an agreement on December 16, 2024, to sell its 
68 percent shareholding in E.ON Energie România S.A. (reported in 
the Energy Retail Other operating segment) and its 98 percent 
shareholding in E.ON Asist Complet S.A. (not consolidated) to 
MVM Group. The business was classified as a disposal group 
under IFRS 5 since the fourth quarter of 2024.   
In the fourth quarter of 2025, E.ON noted the decision by MVM to 
withdraw its application for Foreign Direct Investment approval in 
Romania. This approval was a condition to complete the 
transaction alongside the approval by the European Commission. 
Based on the withdrawal of both approvals, E.ON and MVM 
agreed to terminate the sale and purchase agreement. E.ON will 
focus on further developing the businesses. 
Accordingly, the Energy Retail business in Romania no longer 
meets the criteria of IFRS 5.7-9 and is therefore no longer 
classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2025. Consequently, 
for the 2025 financial year, scheduled depreciation and 
amortization of around -€9 million had to be made up ex -post on 
the depreciable assets that had previously been part of the 
disposal group and for which a prohibition of depreciation and 
amortization was in force during this time in accordance with IFRS 
5.25. 
Deconsolidation of NEW AG 
As part of the strategic fine-tuning of its shareholding portfolio, 
E.ON deconsolidated its previously fully consolidated shareholding 
in NEW AG and in NEW Group’s subsidiaries as of September 30, 
2025. These business activities, which were previously reported in 
two segments (Energy Networks –  Germany and Energy Retail –  
Germany), will henceforth be reported in the Energy Networks –  
Germany segment as a shareholding accounted for using the 
equity method in accordance with IAS 28. The reclassification 
reflects a change in control rights for the shareholding and was 
made on the basis of a remeasurement of the shareholding’s 
current fair value. The deconsolidation resulted in a roughly 
€0. 4 billion loss. The loss, which is entirely attributable to the 
remeasurement of the remaining shares at fair value, is reported 
under other operating expenses within the non-operating result. 
The deconsolidation loss is mainly technical in nature and results 
from the allocation of the departing segments’ goodwill (in the 
amount of €0.6 billion) on the basis of relative value ratios in 
accordance with IAS 36.86. 
Agreement to Sell Gas Distribution 
Network in the Czech Republic 
In September 2025 E.ON signed an agreement with GasNet s.r.o. 
(a company of the ČEZ Group) to sell its 100 percent stake in Gas 
Distribution s.r.o. The company is part of the segment Energy 
Networks Central Eastern Europe. The transaction, which was 
subject to necessary regulatory approvals, was expected to be 
completed at the start of the first quarter of 2026. For the 
aforementioned reasons, the company is reported as a disposal 
group in accordance with IFRS 5. This classification first took 
effect on September 30, 2025, and will remain until the 
transaction’s closing.  
Assets totaling € 242 million and liabilities totaling € 65 million 
were reclassified to the disposal group, and goodwill (€3 million) 
was allocated to it. The assets primarily consist of non-current 
assets (€239 million) and  current assets (€3 million). The total 
liabilities consist of liabilities (€43  million) and deferred tax 
liabilities (€22 million). The accumulated income recognized in 
other comprehensive income relating to the disposal group 
amounts to €8 million. Neither as of September 30 nor as of 
December 31, 2025 was it necessary to recognize an impairment 
loss in the disposal group by reducing the carrying amount to fair 
value less costs to sell. Additional information on the closing of the 
transaction on January 15, 2026, is presented in Note 36 →. 
Deconsolidation results are generally allocated to other operating 
income.

[page 175]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 175 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
05 Revenues 
At € 78.7 billion, revenues in 2025 were significantly lower 
(roughly -€1.4 billion) than in the previous year. 
Revenues in the Energy Networks business division increased to 
€23.2 billion (prior year: €20.7 billion) . The main contributor to this 
increase was Germany, particularly as a result of the expansion of 
the regulated asset base due to higher capital investments and the 
regulatory acknowledgement of inflation in the preceding years. 
The increase in revenues in nearly all markets outside of Germany 
resulted from positive rate adjustments and higher regulatory 
catch-up effects. 
Revenues in the Energy Infrastructure Solutions business division 
amounted to €2,803 million, that being  higher than the 
corresponding prior-year figure (€2,677 million) . The main driver 
of this increase in Germany was modestly higher sales volume 
compared to the prior year due to weather conditions and the 
commissioning of additional plants. Price adjustments were a 
major factor contributing to the revenue increase in Sweden. 
In contrast, and more than offsetting this development, revenues 
in the Energy Retail business division were significantly lower, at 
€52.4 billion (prior year: €56.5 billion). This reduction was caused 
by lower sales to industrial and commercial customers and a 
change within the customer portfolio, due in part to the higher 
proportion of customers with fixed-price contracts in the United 
Kingdom. In Germany, the reduction in business resulted mainly 
from a heightened focus on value-based business acquisition in the 
segment of residential customers and in the segment of small and 
medium-sized enterprises customers. The lower level of revenues 
in the Other segment was almost completely offset primarily by 
positive effects from the settlement of derivatives due to price 
trends in commodity markets. The revenues resulting from 
forward sales contracts, which are to be accounted for as 
derivatives according to IFRS 9, are recognized upon physical 
delivery at market prices. Moreover, the opposing effects of the 
fair value measurement of commodity derivatives are presented 
under other operating income. 
Revenues realized in the year under review and resulting from 
performance obligations that had already been fulfilled in whole or 
in part in previous reporting periods amounted to €0 .0 billion 
(2024: €0.4 billion). As of December 31, 2025, the total amount of 
performance obligations already contracted but still outstanding 
(excluding expected contract extensions and expected new 
contracts) amounted to €35.8 billion (December 31, 2024: 
€34.7 billion). We expect to fulfill outstanding performance 
obligations of €13.0 billion in 2026 and 2027. Additional 
performance obligations amounting to €22.8 billion are expected 
to be fulfilled from 2028 onwards. In the E.ON Group, revenues 
are mainly realized over time. Revenues that were not recognized 
under IFRS 15 but under other accounting standards totaled 
€0.2 billion in the 2025 fiscal year (2024: €0.2 billion). Of this, 
€0.1 billion was attributable to income -related government grants 
from the public sector (2024: €0.1 billion).  
Revenues are broken down in detail into intragroup and external 
revenues in the segment information (Note 34 →). They are also 
broken down into key regions and products. The overview also 
shows the effect of revenues on operating cash flow before 
interest and taxes.

[page 176]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 176 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
06 Own Work Capitalized 
Own work capitalized amounted to €1,739 million in 2025 (2024: 
€1,596 million) and resulted primarily from capitalized work 
performed in connection with ongoing and completed IT projects 
and network assets.

[page 177]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 177 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
07 Other Operating Income and Expenses 
The table below provides details of other operating income for the 
periods indicated: 
Other Operating Income  
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Income from exchange rate differences  721   517  
Gain on derivative financial instruments 
(including currency derivatives)  7,020   10,195  
Gain on disposal of non-current assets and 
securities  204   129  
Gain on the reversal of provisions  16   30  
Miscellaneous  951   868  
Total  8,912   11,739  
 
Other operating income decreased by € 2,827 million to 
€8,912 million (2024: € 11,739 million). 
Income and expenses from derivative financial instruments 
(including currency derivatives) relate to fair value measurement 
under IFRS 9. 
Income from currency translation effects increased by 
€204 million to €721 million. Corresponding items from derivative 
financial instruments (including currency derivatives) are included 
in other operating expenses.  
Income from derivative financial instruments decreased year-over-
year by €3, 175 million to € 7,020 million (2024: € 10,195 million). 
Income from commodity derivatives amounted to € 6,685 million 
(2024: € 9,911 million), mainly due to price trends on commodity 
markets (see the comments on the development of commodity 
prices in Note 05 →). In addition, income from derivative financial 
instruments includes realized income from currency derivatives of 
€234 million (2024: € 84 million). 
The effects of foreign currency translation within other operating 
income amounted to € 593 million (2024: € 645 million). These 
effects are presented within derivative financial instruments and 
income from exchange rate differences. 
Compared to the prior year, the gain on the disposal of property, 
plant and equipment and securities increased by €75 million to 
€204 million. A gain on disposal of €27 million was achieved on 
the sale of the associated company Chemnitz and from the 
deconsolidation of HA2 GmbH and HA21 erste 
Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH in the amount of €25 million. A gain 
of €5 million (2024: €33 million) was achieved on the sale of 
securities. In addition, significant income was generated from the 
sale of plant and equipment and land (€88 million) and from 
merger activities (€17 million).  
Miscellaneous other operating income rose by €83 million to 
€951 million (2024: €868 million). Miscellaneous other operating 
income includes items such as transactions other than ordinary 
business activities in the amount of € 151 million (2024: 
€99 million), income from contract penalties in the amount of 
€87 million (2024: € 76 million), rental and lease income in the 
amount of € 64 million (2024: € 69 million) and income from the 
reversal of investment grants in the amount of € 57 million (2024: 
€48 million), and income from the modification of existing leases in 
the amount of €25 million (2024: €3 million) . 
The following table provides details of other operating expenses 
for the periods indicated: 
Other Operating Expenses  
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Loss from 
exchange rate differences  289   750  
Loss on derivative financial instruments  
(including currency derivatives)  9,433   9,860  
Taxes other than income taxes  77   109  
Loss on disposal of 
non-current assets and securities  555   155  
Impairments of financial assets  472   558  
Miscellaneous  4,640   3,952  
Total  15,466   15,384  
 
Other operating expenses of € 15,466 million were € 82 million 
higher than in the previous year (2024: € 15,384 million).  
Expenses from exchange rate differences in the amount of 
€289 million were €461 million lower than in the previous year 
(€7 50 million). The decrease resulted mainly from the 
development of foreign currencies (particularly USD/EUR and 
GBP/EUR) and the corresponding effects on the hedging of loans. 
Compared to the prior year, the expenses for derivative financial 
instruments (including currency derivatives) decreased by 
€427 million to €9,433 million (2024: €9,860 million). Expenses 
from commodity derivatives amounted to € 8,703 million in 2025 
(2024: € 9,702 million). The €427 million decrease  was mainly due 
to price trends in the commodity markets over the course of the 
year. In addition, expenses from derivative financial instruments 
(including currency derivatives) include, among other things, 
realized expenses from currency derivatives in the amount of 
€258 million (2024: €1 23 million). The market valuation of 
currency derivatives yielded expenses of €282 million, after 
€72 million in the previous year. Expenses of foreign currency cash 
flow hedges amounted to €198 million  (2024: €175 million) . 

[page 178]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 178 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Foreign currency translation effects within other operating 
expenses amounted to € 356 million (2024: €7 57 million). These 
effects are presented within derivative financial instruments and 
expenses from exchange rate differences. 
Losses on the disposal of non-current assets and securities 
amounted to €555 million (2024: €155 million) . This item includes 
the deconsolidation loss on NEW AG in the amount of roughly 
€400 million.  
Compared to the previous year, the impairment charges on 
financial assets declined by €86 million to € 472 million. This figure 
includes reversals of expected credit losses in the amount of 
€32 million (2024: -€18 million) and the €18 million increase in 
reversals of valuation allowances in the amount of €122 million  
(2024: €104 million ). These effects were partially offset by the 
€17 million reduction in specific valuation allowances in the 
amount of €627 million  (2024: €644 million ). 
Miscellaneous other operating expenses include third-party 
services and passthrough charges in the amount of € 1,321 million 
(2024: €1, 134 million). Also included are IT expenses in the 
amount of € 910 million (2024: €759 million), advertising and 
marketing expenses in the amount of € 304 million (2024: 
€336 million), as well as consulting and audit fees in the amount of 
€227 million (2024: €2 25 million). Additionally reported under 
this item are repair expenses in the amount of € 165 million (2024: 
€146 million), office expenses in the amount of € 123 million 
(2024: €121 million), travel expenses in the amount of 
€116 million (2024: € 112 million), contributions and fees in the 
amount of € 73 million (2024: €6 8 million), insurance premiums in 
the amount of € 76 million (2024: €6 7 million), rents and leases in 
the amount of €61 million (2024: €6 7 million), training courses 
and conferences in the amount of €64 million (2024: €60 million), 
and court, notary, and lawyer costs in the amount of €62 million 
(2024: €55 million).

[page 179]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 179 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
08 Cost of Materials 
The cost of materials amounted to €58,962 million, that being 
about the same as in the previous year (€58,990 million). 
The principal components of expenses for raw materials and 
supplies and for purchased goods are the purchase of gas and 
electricity for our customers. Fuel supply is also included in this 
line item to a lesser extent. Expenses for purchased services 
consist primarily of network usage charges, maintenance services, 
and expenses for other purchased services. 
Cost of Materials  
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Expenses for raw materials and supplies and 
for purchased goods  37,989   39,283  
Expenses for purchased services  20,973   19,707  
Total  58,962   58,990  
 
The decrease in the cost of materials, which mainly resulted from 
negative volume effects and lower market prices, was offset by 
the realization of forward procurement contracts. The 
countervailing effects from the fair value measurement of 
commodity derivatives are recognized in other operating income. 
The cost of materials also included the change in provisions for 
pending transactions. The decline in fair values led to a nearly 
complete reversal of these provisions. 
The receipt of government subsidies reduced the cost of materials 
by €89 million (2024: €147 million). Nearly the entire subsidy 
amount is related to the retail business in Romania. The negative 
development is attributable to the liberalization of that country’s  
electricity market, which took effect in July 2025.

[page 180]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 180 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
09 Financial Result 
The following table provides details of financial result for the 
periods indicated: 
Financial Result  
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Income from companies in which equity 
investments are held  199   188  
Fair value through P&L  138   112  
Other  61   76  
Loss from companies in which equity 
investments are held  -16   -88  
Impairment charges/reversals on other 
financial assets  -60   -81  
Income/loss from equity investments  123   19  
Income/loss from securities, interest and 
similar income  1,146   1,097  
Amortized cost  140   223  
Fair value through P&L  601   674  
Fair value through OCI  18   18  
Other interest income  387   182  
Interest and similar expenses  -2,202   -2,098  
Amortized cost  -1,059   -883  
Fair value through P&L  -561   -570  
Other interest expenses  -582   -645  
Net interest income/loss  -1,056   -1,001  
Financial result  -933   -982  
 
The €49 million  improvement in the financial result compared to 
the previous year resulted from higher income from equity 
investments in the amount of €123 million (2024: €19 million). 
This increase compared to the prior year resulted particularly from 
the higher level of loss absorption expenses for subsidiaries in the 
prior year. An opposite effect was the €55 million reduction in net 
interest income/loss. 
Income from securities, interest and similar income, which is 
measured at amortized cost, include significantly lower income 
from cash investments at E.ON SE in the amount of €57  million 
(2024: €138 million) . 
The positive effect contained in interest and similar expenses at 
amortized cost resulting from the difference between the nominal 
interest rate and the effective interest rate of former innogy bonds 
remained nearly unchanged at €142 million (2024: €147 million). 
This item was negatively impacted by the increased interest 
expense from the newly issued bonds.  
The valuation effects of “Securities measured at fair value through 
P&L” are included in both income and expenses at fair value 
through P&L. These effects accounted for € 32 million in the 
income (2024: € 43 million) and -€20 million in the expenses 
(2024: -€12 million). 
Other interest income includes effects from the change in interest 
rates applied for the discounting of provisions for asset retirement 
obligations in the amount of € 151 million (2024: €110 million) and 
for the discounting of other non-current provisions in the amount 
of € 128 million (2024: €43 million). The change in actuarial  
discount rates resulted from the higher level of interest rates. 
Other interest expenses mainly relate to net interest expenses 
from pension provisions in the amount of € 121 million (2024: 
€138 million), the regular compounding of other non-current 
provisions in the amount of € 191 million (2024: €206 million), and 
interest expenses for lease liabilities in the amount of € 219 million 
(2024: €206 million). The increase in interest expenses for lease 
liabilities resulted from the higher level of lease liabilities.

[page 181]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 181 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
10 Income Taxes 
The following table provides details of income taxes, including 
deferred taxes, for the periods indicated: 
Income Taxes     
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Current taxes  789   390  
thereof previous years  34   -323  
Deferred taxes  -63   1,379  
on temporary differences  84   1,479  
on loss carryforwards  -93   39  
on tax interest carryforwards and other 
tax credits  89   -90  
on valuation allowance  -143   -49  
Total income taxes  726   1,769  
 
The income tax rate of 31 percent (2024: 31 percent) applicable in 
Germany is composed of corporate income tax (15 percent), trade 
tax (15 percent) and the solidarity surcharge (1 percent). The 
income tax rate of 31 percent corresponds to the tax rate 
applicable to E.ON SE for 2025. The differences from the effective 
tax rate are reconciled as follows: 
 
 
 
Tax expenses of €726 million  (2024: tax expenses of 
€1,769 million) were incurred on continuing operations in the 
reporting year. This figure included both tax expenses on the 
operating result and tax income from the valuation of derivatives 
and from changes in value and remeasurement of deferred tax 
assets. This item also reflects the deferred tax effects from the 
reduction of the corporate income tax rate in Germany. The 
permanent differences include effects on deconsolidation 
measures (including from the NEW Group) without tax effects. 
The overall result is a tax rate of 24 percent.  
The prior-year taxes included tax expenses on the operating result 
and positive effects related to the market valuation of derivatives. 
These tax expenses were partially offset by tax income from a 
redress procedure and the reversal of impairments previously 
recognized in deferred tax assets.  
  
Reconciliation to Effective Income Taxes/Tax Rate  
  2025   2024  
  € in millions    in %   € in millions    in %  
Income/loss from continuing operations before taxes  3,007   100.0   7,331   100.0  
Expected income taxes  932   31.0   2,273   31.0  
Foreign tax rate differentials  -138   -4.6   -202   -2.8  
Changes in tax rate/tax law  -60   -2.0   2   0.0  
Tax effects on tax-free income  -122   -4.1   -161   -2.2  
Tax effects of non-deductible expenses and permanent differences  268   8.9   307   4.2  
Tax effects on income from companies accounted for under the equity method  -65   -2.1   -43   -0.6  
Tax effects of changes in value and non-recognition of deferred taxes  -172   -5.7   -81   -1.1  
Tax effects of other taxes on income  69   2.3   28   0.4  
Tax effects of income taxes related to other periods  15   0.5   -360   -4.9  
Other  -1   0.0   6   0.1  
Effective income taxes/tax rate  726   24.2   1,769   24.1  

[page 182]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 182 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Various temporary differences as well as various unused tax loss 
carryforwards and tax credits result in the following deferred tax 
assets and liabilities: 
 
Income tax assets and liabilities consist primarily of income taxes 
for the respective current year and for prior-year periods that have 
not yet been definitively examined by the tax authorities. These 
items can be found in the balance sheet. 
As of December 31, 2025, € 21 million (2024: € 28 million) in 
deferred tax liabilities were recognized for the differences between 
net assets and the tax bases of subsidiaries and associated 
companies (outside basis differences). Accordingly, deferred tax 
liabilities were not recognized for temporary differences of 
€3,532 million (2024: € 2,404 million) at subsidiaries and 
associated companies, as E.ON is able to control the timing of their 
reversal and the temporary difference will not reverse in the 
foreseeable future. 
Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities  
  Dec. 31, 2025   Dec. 31, 2024 ¹ 
€ in millions   Tax assets   Tax liabilities   Tax assets   Tax liabilities  
Intangible assets  108   723   216   749  
Right-of-use assets  3   683   3   743  
Property, plant and equipment  254   3,556   300   3,802  
Financial assets  87   64   152   133  
Inventories  105   6   154   3  
Receivables (including derivative financial instruments)  436   1,644   451   2,554  
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations  1,287   39   1,791   28  
Miscellaneous provisions  1,080   187   1,163   189  
Liabilities (including derivative financial instruments)  3,061   739   3,893   1,036  
Loss carryforwards  597   –    523   –   
Other  1,050   297   1,232   421  
Subtotal  8,068   7,938   9,878   9,658  
Changes in value  -408   –    -559   –   
Deferred taxes (gross)  7,660   7,938   9,319   9,658  
Netting  -5,727   -5,727   -7,556   -7,556  
Deferred taxes (net)  1,933   2,211   1,763   2,102  
Current  1,102   90   1,108   104  
             
1As of December 31, 2024, deferred tax assets and liabilities were adjusted in accordance with IAS 8.41 ff. as follows due to incorrect offsetting: 
- Intangible assets: Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities were reduced by €83 million;  
- Financial assets: Deferred tax assets were reduced by €72 million and deferred tax liabilities were increased by €6 million;  
- Receivables (including derivative financial instruments): Deferred tax assets were reduced by €148 million and deferred tax l iabilities were reduced by €1,010 million;  
- Provisions for pensions and similar obligations: Deferred tax assets were increased by €30 million and deferred tax liabiliti es were reduced by €49 million;  
- Miscellaneous provisions: Deferred tax assets were increased by €1 million and deferred tax  liabilities were increased by €2  million; 
- Liabilities (including derivative financial instruments): Deferred tax assets were reduced by €876 million and deferred tax l iabilities were reduced by €14 million.  
- Deferred taxes (net) remain unaffected by these adjustments.  

[page 183]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 183 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
No deferred tax assets were recognized, or were no longer 
recognized, on the following tax loss carryforwards, interest 
carryforwards and other deferred tax assets: 
 
The expiring tax loss carryforwards relate exclusively to countries 
other than Germany. 
Deferred tax assets were not recognized, or are no longer 
recognized, in the amount of € 105 million (2024: € 352 million) for 
temporary differences which are recognized in income and equity. 
 
 
 
Current tax expenses were reduced by € 4 million (2024: 
€40 million) due to the use of previously unrecognized tax losses 
and tax credits. The change in previously unrecognized tax losses, 
interest carryforwards and temporary differences reduced 
deferred tax expense by € 158 million (2024: € 91 million). 
As of December 31, 2025, E.ON reported deferred tax assets for 
companies that incurred losses in the current or the prior-year 
period that exceed the deferred tax liabilities by €7 02 million 
(2024: € 672 million). Of this amount, €6 96 million (2024: 
€667 million) is attributable to companies in Germany. This 
amount mainly includes deductible temporary differences. 
Recognition is based on positive taxable profit forecasts. These 
factors are based on scenario analyses as well as stable earnings 
contributions from the regulated area. When considered in the 
aggregate, the management has concluded that each company will 
generate sufficient taxable income against which the previously 
unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences can be 
offset. 
Income taxes recognized in other comprehensive income break 
down as follows: 
Income Taxes of Other Comprehensive Income  
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Deferred taxes within OCI  384   344  
Current taxes within OCI  -8   -2  
Total  376   342  
 
Tax Loss Carryforwards, Tax Interest Carryforwards and Other Tax Credits without Recognition of 
Deferred Tax Assets      
  December 31, 2025   December 31, 20241  
€ in millions  
Tax loss 
carryforwards 
corporate tax   
Tax loss 
carryforwards 
trade tax and 
local income 
taxes   
Tax interest 
carryforwards 
and other tax 
credits   
Tax loss 
carryforwards 
corporate tax   
Tax loss 
carryforwards 
trade tax and 
local income 
taxes   
Tax interest 
carryforwards 
and other tax 
credits  
Amounts at the balance sheet date  9,243   1,683   2,640   9,153   1,796   2,767  
of which amounts without recognition of deferred 
taxes  7,436   1,448   2,047   7,716   1,437   2,096  
–  unlimited duration  3,685   1,436   2,047   3,931   1,357   2,096  
–  limited duration  3,751   12   –    3,785   80   –   
–  of which up to 5 years  240   12   –    262   80   –   
–  of which up to 9 years  103   –    –    99   –    –   
–  of which 10 years or longer  3,408   –    –    3,424   –    –   
                   
1As of December 31, 2024, the corporate income tax loss carry-forwards and the tax loss carry-forwards for local income taxes, for which no deferred tax assets were recognized in either case, were 
adjusted in accordance with IAS 8.41 ff. as follows due to the fact that certain tax loss carry-forwards had already been utilized in part or had expired as of the reporting date:  
As of the reporting date, the corporate income tax loss carry-forwards were reduced by €1,079 million,  
of which -€711 million is not l imited in time and -€368 million is limited in time (up to 5 years +€80 million, up to 9 years - €153 million, 10 years or longer - €295 million)  
The tax loss carry-forwards for local income taxes were reduced by €362 million,  
- of which -€433 million is not limited in time and +€71 million is limited in time to a period of up to 5 years.  

[page 184]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 184 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Changes in income taxes recognized in other comprehensive 
income break down as follows: 
 
Additions and Disposals 
Effects from additions and disposals and from disposal groups 
resulted in changes in deferred taxes totaling € 33 million (2024: 
€18 million). 
Changes in deferred tax assets in the current year, with a net 
addition of €18  million, mainly relate to receivables (€14 million). 
Changes in deferred tax liabilities, with a net disposal of 
€15 million, mainly relate to property, plant and equipment  
(-€25 million) and receivables (€8 million) . 
In the previous year, changes in deferred tax assets, with net 
disposals of € 16 million, mainly related to receivables  
(-€13 million ). The change in deferred tax liabilities, with a net 
addition of € 2 million, mainly related to intangible assets  
(+€6 million) and receivables (-€8 million). 
 
 
 
Global Minimum Tax 
The E.ON Group is included in the scope of application of the OECD 
Model Rules of Pillar 2 for the national implementation of the 
global minimum tax. The Model Rules were transposed into 
German law through the introduction of a minimum tax law in 
December 2023, which applies to all fiscal years beginning after 
December 31, 2023. The E.ON Group applies the exemption in IAS 
12 for the recognition and disclosure of information on deferred 
tax assets and liabilities in connection with income taxes from 
global minimum taxation. 
The minimum tax legislation applicable from 2024 requires E.ON 
to determine the effective tax rate for each country in which 
business units as defined by the law exist and, if the effective tax 
rate determined is below the minimum tax rate of 15 percent, to 
pay a so-called supplementary tax equal to the difference between 
the effective tax rate and the minimum tax rate. 
The E.ON Group carried out an analysis as of the reporting date to 
determine the impact and the jurisdictions in which the Group 
could be exposed to potential effects in connection with a Pillar 2 
supplementary tax. 
The first step was to determine whether the safe harbor 
regulations were applicable. None of the CbCR safe harbor tests is 
relevant for the United Kingdom and a simplified Pillar 2 
calculation as of December 31, 2025 yielded a qualified domestic 
minimum top-up tax of € 4 million (2024: €7 million), which is  
included in consolidated tax expenses. 
Changes in Income Taxes of Other Comprehensive Income              
  2025   2024  
€ in millions   
Before 
income taxes   Income taxes   
After 
income taxes   
Before 
income taxes   Income taxes   
After 
income taxes  
Cash flow hedges  8   -7   1   -144   47   -97  
Fair value measurement of financial instruments  3   –    3   37   -10   27  
Currency translation adjustments  165   27   192   -193   -12   -205  
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans  893   14   907   448   -283   165  
Companies accounted for under the equity method  98   –    98   686   –    686  
Total  1,167   34   1,201   834   -258   576  

[page 185]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 185 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
11 Personnel-Related Information 
Employees 
In 2025, E.ON had an average number of 78,125 (2024: 75,046) 
employees. Part-time employees were taken into account on a pro 
rata basis when this figure was calculated. In addition, an average 
number of 2,387 apprentices were employed in the reporting year 
in Germany (2024: 2,249). 
The breakdown by business division is shown in the following 
table: 
 
Personnel Costs 
The following table provides details of personnel costs for the 
periods indicated: 
Personnel Costs  
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Wages and salaries  5,924   5,339  
Social security contributions  985   852  
Pension costs and other employee benefits  358   343  
Pension costs  339   321  
Total  7,267   6,534  
 
Personnel costs of € 7,267 million were € 733 million higher than 
the prior-year figure of € 6,534 million. The change is primarily 
attributable to the higher headcount and tariff increases.  
Share-Based Payment 
The expenses for share-based payment in 2025 (the E.ON 
Performance Plan) amounted to € 131.2 million (2024: 
€69. 7 million). 
Employee Share Purchase Program 
The voluntary Employee Share Purchase Program was offered 
again in 2025, giving employees in the German Group companies 
the opportunity once again to purchase E.ON shares at favorable 
conditions. The favorable pricing conditions granted within the 
framework of the Employee Share Purchase Program (IFRS 2, 
“Share-based Payment”) resulted in personnel expense of 
€8.9 million (prior year: €7.8 million) ; the offsetting entry was 
made in the equity item of additional paid-in capital. 
Long-term Variable Compensation 
Members of the Management Board of E.ON SE and certain 
executives of the E.ON Group receive share-based payment as part 
of their voluntary long-term variable compensation. The purpose 
of such compensation is to reward their contribution to E.ON’s 
growth and to further the long-term success of the Company. This 
variable compensation component, comprising a long-term 
incentive effect along with a certain element of risk, provides for a 
logical linking of the interests of shareholders and management. 
The E.ON Performance Plan is described in the following: 
E.ON Performance Plan (EPP) 
In the years 2017 to 2025, E.ON granted the members of the 
Management Board of E.ON SE and certain executives of the E.ON 
Group virtual shares under the E.ON Performance Plan. The 
vesting period of each tranche is four years. Vesting periods start 
on January 1 of each year. 
The beneficiary will receive virtual shares in the amount of the 
agreed target. The conversion to virtual shares will be based on the 
fair market value on the date when the shares are granted. 
Beginning with the tranche granted in 2022, Return on Capital 
Employed (ROCE, 25 percent weighting) and the E.ON 
Sustainability Index (25 percent weighting) are applied as 
performance criteria in addition to the Total Shareholder Return 
(TSR) of E.ON stock compared with the TSR of companies in a peer 
group (relative TSR, 50 percent weighting).  
The TSR is the return on E.ON stock, which takes into account the 
stock price plus the assumption of reinvested dividends, adjusted 
for changes in capital. The peer group used for relative TSR will be 
the other companies in E.ON’s peer index, the STOXX
® Europe 600 
Utilities. During a tranche’s vesting period, E.ON’s TSR 
performance is measured once a year in comparison with the 
companies in the peer group and set for that year. 
The inclusion of ROCE as a performance criterion places the long-
term focus on sustainable development and the efficiency of 
investments needed to achieve this goal. At the beginning of every 
tranche, the Supervisory Board specifies target values for each 
year of the four-year term on the basis of the company’s long-
term strategic plan, as well as a lower and upper threshold value 
(lower and upper limit) for the maximum relative deviation from 
Core Workforce1  
FTE2  2025   2024   +/- in %  
Energy Networks  43,334   41,293   5  
Energy Infrastructure 
Solutions  6,729   7,729   -13  
Energy Retail  21,827   20,132   8  
Corporate Functions/Other  6,235   5,892   6  
E.ON Group  78,125   75,046   4  
1Excluding apprentices, interns and working students.      
2Full-time equivalents.          

[page 186]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 186 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
the target value, with due consideration given to the capital costs 
for the entire duration of the term. 
The E.ON Sustainability Index reflects up to four of the most 
relevant ESG aspects (ESG = Environment, Social, Governance) at 
E.ON. In 2025, these aspects were: climate action, diversity and 
integration, as well as health and safety. Comprehensible and 
measurable targets are established for all of these ESG aspects. 
Before the start of every tranche, the Supervisory Board specifies 
the specific target values for each target, as well as the respective 
target achievement curves for the entire term. 
The resulting number of virtual shares at the end of the vesting 
period is multiplied by the average price of E.ON stock in the final 
60 days of the vesting period. This amount is increased by the 
dividends distributed on E.ON stock during the vesting period and 
then paid out. The sum of the payouts is capped at 200 percent of 
the agreed target. 
The virtual shares are canceled if the employment relationship of 
the beneficiary ends before the end of the term for reasons within 
the control of the beneficiary. If the employment relationship of 
the beneficiary ends before the end of the term due to retirement, 
the end of a limited-term employment contract or for operational 
reasons, the virtual shares do not expire but are settled at 
maturity. 
If the employment relationship ends before the end of the term 
due to death or permanent disability, the virtual shares are settled 
before the end of the term. The same applies in the case of a 
change in control related to E.ON SE and also if the granting 
company leaves the E.ON Group before the end of a tranche’s 
term. 
The basic parameters of the tranches of the E.ON Performance 
Plan active in 2025 are presented in the table below: 
 
The provision for the sixth, seventh, eighth and ninth tranches of 
the E.ON Performance Plan as of the balance sheet date is 
€207.3 million (2024: €163.5 million). The expense for the sixth, 
seventh, eighth and ninth tranches amounted to €131. 2 million in 
the 2025 fiscal year (2024: €69.7 million).
E.ON Performance Plan –  Virtual Shares    
  9th tranche   8th tranche   7th tranche   6th tranche  
Date of issuance  Jan. 1, 2025   Jan. 1, 2024   Jan. 1, 2023   Jan. 1, 2022  
Term  4 years   4 years   4 years   4 years  
Target value at issuance  € 10.17    € 11.92    € 9.32    € 12.76   

[page 187]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 187 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
12 Other Information 
German Corporate Governance Code 
On December 16, 2025, the Management Board and the 
Supervisory Board of E.ON SE made a declaration of compliance 
pursuant to Section 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(“AktG”). The declaration has been made permanently and publicly 
accessible to stockholders on the Company’s website 
(www.eon.com). 
Fees and Services of the Independent 
Auditor 
During 2025, the following fees were recorded as expenses for the 
services provided by the independent auditor of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements, KPMG, and by companies of the 
international KPMG network: 
Independent Auditor Fees  
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Financial statement audits  39   36  
Domestic  26   25  
Other attestation services  8   8  
Domestic  8   8  
Tax advisory services  –    0  
Domestic  –    0  
Other services  0   0  
Domestic  0   0  
Total  47   44  
Domestic  34   33  
 
The fees for financial statement audits relate to the audit of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements and the legally mandated 
financial statements of E.ON SE and its affiliates. They also include 
the fees for auditing reviews of the IFRS interim financial 
statements and other audit services directly required by the audit 
of the financial statements. 
The fees for other attestation services include all attestation 
services that are not auditing services and are not used in 
connection with the audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements. These fees are for legally required attestation services 
and for other voluntary attestation services (e.g., the audit of the 
sustainability reporting, Renewable Energy Sources Act (EEG), the 
Act on Combined Heat and Power Generation (KWKG) and audit 
services in connection with new IT systems). 
List of Shareholdings 
Details of the companies included in the consolidated financial 
statements, the subsidiaries and affiliated companies of the E.ON 
Group pursuant to Section 313 (2) HGB as well as a list of 
domestic subsidiaries that availed themselves in 2025 of certain 
exemptions granted under Section 264 (3), and Section 264b HGB, 
are included in the audited consolidated financial statements that 
have been sent for entry in the Commercial Register. This 
information can also be accessed at 
www.eon.com/shareownership2025 ↗.

[page 188]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 188 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
13 Earnings per Share 
The computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the 
periods indicated is shown below: 
Earnings per Share  
€ in millions  2025   2024  
Income/loss from continuing operations  2,280   5,562  
Less: Non-controlling interests  -546   -1,031  
Income/loss from continuing operations 
(attributable to shareholders of E.ON SE)  1,734   4,531  
Income/loss from discontinued operations, 
net  –    –   
Less: Non-controlling interests  –    –   
Income/loss from discontinued operations, 
net (attributable to shareholders of E.ON SE)  –    –   
Net income/loss attributable to shareholders 
of E.ON SE  1,734   4,531  
in €        
Earnings per share (attributable to 
shareholders of E.ON SE)       
from continuing operations  0.66   1.73  
from discontinued operations  –    –   
from net income/loss  0.66   1.73  
Weighted-average number of shares 
outstanding (in millions)  2,613   2,612  
 
The computation of diluted earnings per share is identical to that 
of basic earnings per share because E.ON SE has issued no 
potentially dilutive ordinary shares. The slight increase in the 
weighted-average number of shares outstanding resulted 
primarily from the issue of treasury shares in E.ON SE under the 
voluntary Employee Share Purchase Program.

[page 189]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 189 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
14 Goodwill, Intangible Assets, Right-of-use Assets and Property, Plant and Equipment 
The changes in goodwill and intangible assets, in right-of-use assets, and in property, plant and equipment, are presented in the tables on the following pages: 
Goodwill, Intangible Assets, Right-of-use Assets and Property, Plant and Equipment                       
€ in millions  
 Acquisition and production costs   Accumulated depreciation  
Net 
carrying 
amounts  
 
Jan. 1, 
2025   
Exchange 
rate 
differ- 
ences   
Addition
s in 
scope of 
consoli- 
dation   Additions   Disposals1   Transfers   
Dec. 31, 
2025   
Jan. 1, 
2025   
Exchange 
rate 
differ- 
ences   
Changes 
in scope 
of 
consoli- 
dation   Additions   Disposals1   Transfers   
Impair- 
ments   Reversals   
Dec. 31, 
2025   
Dec. 31, 
2025  
Goodwill  18,974   -58   17   –    -571   23   18,385   -2,401   5   –    –    –    -11   –    –    -2,407   15,978  
Customer relationships and 
similar items  1,998   -2   2   –    -155   -6   1,837   -1,625   3   -2   -89   137   1   –    –    -1,575   262  
Concessions, commercial 
property rights, licenses, and 
similar rights  4,284   -18   9   539   -103   148   4,859   -1,922   -1   -6   -456   82   1   -8   –    -2,310   2,549  
Development expenditures  1,285   1   –    134   -83   132   1,469   -789   -1   –    -191   63   -16   -28   –    -962   507  
Advance payments  487   -1   1   238   -16   -202   507   -7   –    –    –    3   3   -2   –    -3   504  
Intangible assets  8,054   -20   12   911   -357   72   8,672   -4,343   1   -8   -736   285   -11   -38   –    -4,850   3,822  
Land and buildings  946   3   2   188   -76   -1   1,062   -387   2   –    -101   53   3   -1   –    -431   631  
Networks  3,299   1   –    460   -717   –    3,043   -1,142   –    –    -283   317   –    –    –    -1,108   1,935  
Storage, e-charging and 
production capacities  5   1   –    –    -1   –    5   -3   –    –    -1   –    –    –    –    -4   1  
Technical equipment and 
machine  98   1   –    10   -14   –    95   -27   –    –    -9   10   -1   –    –    -27   68  
Fleet, office and business 
equipment  287   -1   1   121   -76   1   333   -133   -2   –    -76   50   –    –    –    -161   172  
Right-of-use assets  4,635   5   3   779   -884   –    4,538   -1,692   –    –    -470   430   2   -1   –    -1,731   2,807  
Real estate and leasehold rights  1,208   14   2   25   -33   20   1,236   -89   -3   -1   -4   1   -1   –    –    -97   1,139  
Buildings  3,743   34   1   121   -187   217   3,929   -1,587   -16   –    -118   56   -2   -17   1   -1,683   2,246  
Technical equipment, plant and 
machinery  67,976   832   86   4,015   -2,190   1,950   72,669   -32,649   -361   -39   -2,413   917   63   -71   –    -34,553   38,116  
Other equipment, fixtures, 
furniture and office equipment  1,830   12   5   234   -167   116   2,030   -1,055   -4   -3   -193   121   -36   -6   –    -1,176   854  
Advance payments and 
construction in progress  5,008   44   1   3,113   -159   -2,396   5,611   -116   -1   –    –    3   59   -2   –    -57   5,554  
Property, plant and equipment  79,765   936   95   7,508   -2,736   -93   85,475   -35,496   -385   -43   -2,728   1,098   83   -96   1   -37,566   47,909  
1Includes reclassifications to assets/disposal groups held for sale (see Note 4 →).       
                                    

[page 190]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 190 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Changes in Goodwill and in Other Reversals and Impairment Charges by Segment from January 1, 2025               
€ in millions   Energy Networks      Energy Retail        
  Germany   Sweden   
Central 
Eastern 
Europe   
South Eastern 
Europe   
Energy 
Infrastructure 
Solutions   Germany   UK   
The Nether- 
lands   Other   
Corporate 
Functions/ 
Other   E.ON Group  
Net carrying amount of goodwill as of January 1, 2025  7,601   81   42   188   1,490   5,483   1,332   117   239   –    16,573  
Changes resulting from acquisitions and disposals  –    –    –    –    –    –    17   –    –    –    17  
Impairment charges  –    –    –    –    –    –    –    –    –    –    –   
Other changes1  -196   5   -2   13   92   -482   -66   –    24   –    -612  
Net carrying amount of goodwill as of December 31, 2025  7,405   86   40   201   1,582   5,001   1,283   117   263   –    15,978  
Growth rate (in %)2  1.25   –    –    –    1.25   1.25   1.25   –    –    –    –   
Cost of capital (in %)2  4.4 - 4.6   –    –    –    5.2 - 6.9   6.7 - 6.8   7.1   –    –    –    –   
Other non-current assets3                                  
Impairments  -1   –    -5   -8   -82   -1   -8   -3   -27   –    -135  
Reversals  1   –    –    –    –    –    –    –    –    –    1  
                                  
1Other changes include effects from intragroup restructuring, transfers, exchange rate differences and reclassifications to assets held for sale.  
2Presented here are the growth rates and cost of capital for selected cash-generating units whose respective goodwill is material when compared with the carrying amount of all goodwill. 
3Other non-current assets consist of intangible assets, right-of-use assets and of property, plant and equipment.  
  
 
  

[page 191]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 191 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
 
  
Goodwill, Intangible Assets, Right-of-use Assets and Property, Plant and Equipment                       
€ in millions  
 Acquisition and production costs   Accumulated depreciation  
Net 
carrying 
amounts  
 
Jan. 1, 
2024   
Exchange 
rate 
differ- 
ences   
Addition
s in 
scope of 
consoli- 
dation   Additions   Disposals   Transfers   
Dec. 31, 
2024   
Jan. 1, 
2024   
Exchange 
rate 
differ- 
ences   
Changes 
in scope 
of 
consoli- 
dation   Additions   Disposals   Transfers   
Impair- 
ments   Reversals   
Dec. 31, 
2024   
Dec. 31, 
2024  
Goodwill  18,911   55   38   –    -27   -3   18,974   -1,785   1   –    –    7   4   -628   –    -2,401   16,573  
Customer relationships and 
similar items  2,107   7   –    –    -4   -112   1,998   -1,561   -6   –    -165   1   106   –    –    -1,625   373  
Concessions, commercial 
property rights, licenses, and 
similar rights  3,720   -15   30   488   -61   122   4,284   -1,596   8   -1   -402   41   24   -1   5   -1,922   2,362  
Development expenditures  918   1   –    146   -124   344   1,285   -566   2   –    -168   119   -167   -9   –    -789   496  
Advance payments  585   -1   –    225   -6   -316   487   -15   –    –    –    –    17   -9   –    -7   480  
Intangible assets  7,330   -8   30   859   -195   38   8,054   -3,738   4   -1   -735   161   -20   -19   5   -4,343   3,711  
Land and buildings  950   3   3   135   -144   -1   946   -402   -1   -2   -110   124   5   -1   –    -387   559  
Networks  2,878   –    –    480   -59   –    3,299   -904   -1   –    -262   25   –    –    –    -1,142   2,157  
Storage, e-charging and 
production capacities  4   –    –    1   –    –    5   -2   –    –    -1   –    –    –    –    -3   2  
Technical equipment and 
machine  85   1   –    13   -1   –    98   -16   -1   –    -10   –    –    –    –    -27   71  
Fleet, office and business 
equipment  227   -2   1   108   -47   –    287   -110   3   –    -62   36   –    –    –    -133   154  
Right-of-use assets  4,144   2   4   737   -251   -1   4,635   -1,434   –    -2   -445   185   5   -1   –    -1,692   2,943  
Real estate and leasehold rights  1,134   -8   –    37   -13   58   1,208   -65   2   –    -3   1   -24   –    –    -89   1,119  
Buildings  3,521   -25   39   108   -30   130   3,743   -1,494   13   -38   -109   25   16   –    –    -1,587   2,156  
Technical equipment, plant and 
machinery  63,664   -459   37   3,432   -581   1,883   67,976   -31,097   212   -7   -2,211   442   33   -34   13   -32,649   35,327  
Other equipment, fixtures, 
furniture and office equipment  1,659   -7   1   219   -80   38   1,830   -982   1   –    -175   73   28   –    –    -1,055   775  
Advance payments and 
construction in progress  4,527   -23   42   2,715   -73   -2,180   5,008   -118   –    –    –    34   10   -42   –    -116   4,892  
Property, plant and equipment  74,505   -522   119   6,511   -777   -71   79,765   -33,756   228   -45   -2,498   575   63   -76   13   -35,496   44,269  

[page 192]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 192 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
 
Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
The changes in goodwill within the segments, as well as the 
allocation of impairments and their reversals to each reportable 
segment, are presented in the tables above. 
Impairments 
To perform the impairment tests, E.ON first determines the fair 
values less costs of disposal of its cash-generating units. Because 
there were no binding sales transactions or market prices for the 
respective cash-generating units in 2025, fair values were 
calculated based on discounted cash flow methods. 
Valuations are based on the medium-term corporate planning 
authorized by the Management Board. The calculations for 
impairment-testing purposes are generally based on the five 
planning years of the medium-term plan plus two additional 
detailed planning years. Deviations from this are made in certain 
justified exceptional cases. The cash flow assumptions extending 
beyond the detailed planning period are determined using 
sustainable, business and currency-specific growth rates based on 
the analysis of past years and predictions for the future. In fiscal 
year 2025, the sustainable, currency-specific inflation rate used 
for the euro area was 1.25 percent (2024: 1.25 percent). The 
discount rates after taxes used for discounting cash flows in the 
annual impairment test are calculated using market data for each 
cash-generating unit, and as of the valuation date, ranged between 
4.4 and 11.3 percent after taxes (2024: between 4.2 and 11.6 
percent). As of the current year, year-specific after-tax discount 
rates are applied for the German entities. This change is based on 
the German federal law entitled “Gesetz für ein steuerliches 
Investitionssofortprogramm zur Stärkung des 
Wirtschaftsstandorts Deutschland“ (“Act Establishing an 
Immediate Tax Relief Program to Stimulate Business Investment 
and Strengthen the Economic Competitiveness of Germany”), 
which entered into force on July 19, 2025.  
The principal assumptions underlying the determination by 
management of recoverable amount are the respective forecasts 
of the growth rates and the cost of capital, and specifically of 
revenue and EBITDA margin (in the Energy Retail business), of 
Changes in Goodwill and in Other Reversals and Impairment Charges by Segment from January 1, 2024               
€ in millions  
 Energy Networks      Customer Solutions2        
 Germany   Sweden   ECE/Turkey1  
Energy 
Infrastructure 
Solutions   Germany   UK   
The Nether- 
lands   Sonstige   
Corporate 
Functions/ 
Other   E.ON Group  
Net carrying amount of goodwill as of December 31, 2023  7,651   83   245  –    6,752   1,886   81   428   –    17,126  
Reallocation EIS2 as of January 1, 2024  -50   –    –   2,103   -1,269   -615   –    -169   –    –   
€ in millions  Energy Networks      Energy Retail2        
  Germany   Sweden   
Central 
Eastern 
Europe1   
South Eastern 
Europe1   
Energy 
Infrastructure 
Solutions   Germany   UK   
The Nether- 
lands   Other   
Corporate 
Functions/ 
Other   E.ON Group  
Net carrying amount of goodwill as of January 1, 2024  7,601   83   43   202   2,103   5,483   1,271   81   259   –    17,126  
Changes resulting from acquisitions and disposals  –    –    –    –    –    –    –    –    –    –    –   
Impairment charges  –    –    –    –    -628   –    –    –    –    –    -628  
Other changes3  –    -2   -1   -14   15   –    61   36   -20   –    75  
Net carrying amount of goodwill as of December 31, 2024  7,601   81   42   188   1,490   5,483   1,332   117   239   –    16,573  
Growth rate (in %)4  1.25   –    –    –    1.25   1.25   1.25   –    –    –    –   
Cost of capital (in %)4  4.2   –    –    –    5.0 - 6.6   6.3   6.7   –    –    –    –   
Other non-current assets5                                  
Impairments  -5   -1   –    –    -74   -10   –    –    -5   -1   -96  
Reversals  5   –    –    5   9   –    –    –    -1   –    18  
                                  
1Effective January 1, 2024, the Energy Networks business unit in East-Central Europe/Turkey (ECE/Turkey) has been divided into Central Eastern Europe and South Eastern Europe. 
2Since January 1, 2024, the Energy Infrastructure Solutions business unit has been added to the Energy Networks and Customer Solutions (now Energy Retail) business units, primarily spun off from the Customer Solutions segment. The Customer Solutions business unit has been renamed to Energy Retail. 
3Other changes include effects from intragroup restructuring (excluding the reallocation of EIS), transfers, exchange rate differences and reclassifications to assets held for sale.  
4Presented here are the growth rates and cost of capital for selected cash-generating units whose respective goodwill is material when compared with the carrying amount of all goodwill. 
5Other non-current assets consist of intangible assets, right-of-use assets and of property, plant and equipment  

[page 193]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 193 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Regulated Asset Base and regulatory return (in the Energy 
Networks business), and of non-current assets and long-term 
project returns (in the Energy Infrastructure Solutions business). 
The assumptions used in these forecasts regarding the 
development of commodity market prices, future electricity and 
gas prices in the wholesale and retail markets are based on 
external market data from reputable suppliers as well as internal 
assessments. They also appropriately take into account climate-
related impacts on market conditions and macroeconomic linkages 
as well as the sustainability targets anchored in the Group 
strategy, such as the reduction of Scope 3 emissions by 100 
percent by 2050. For example, impacts of climate targets on CO2 
prices and changing weather conditions (temperature, wind, etc.) 
are included. The assumed development of all of the key 
influencing factors mentioned here corresponds to the 
expectations set out in the forecast report. 
Overall, medium-term planning assumes that the regulatory 
environment will remain stable.  
Against the backdrop of the expansion of the network, which is 
key to achieving climate protection targets, the detailed planning 
period provides for a significant increase in investments in the 
Energy Networks Germany segment, with a corresponding 
increase in the regulated asset base. We expect regulatory returns 
to remain stable.  
In the Energy Retail Germany segment, we anticipate modestly 
lower sales revenue during our detailed planning period compared 
to the 2025 financial year. The decline in revenues is particularly 
attributable to the deconsolidation of the NEW Group (see Note 04 
→). Overall, we expect a modest increase in sales revenue during 
the detailed planning period in the Energy Retail United Kingdom 
segment. This is mainly due to the expected sale of higher 
electricity volumes in the course of ongoing electrification. We 
expect a moderate increase in estimated EBITDA margins in the 
detailed planning period in the Energy Retail UK and Germany 
segments due to the planned portfolio optimization and the 
expansion of our growth business areas. 
In the Energy Infrastructure Solutions segment, we anticipate an 
increase in investments during our detailed planning period 
compared to the 2025 financial year. These investments are 
primarily growth investments. We also expect that long-term 
project returns will exceed the capital costs.  
The above discussion applies accordingly to the testing for 
impairment of e.g. intangible assets and property, plant and 
equipment under IAS 36 as well as of equity investments, which 
are subject to the application of the equity method (IAS 28), and of 
groups of assets. If the goodwill of a cash-generating unit is 
combined with assets or groups of assets for impairment testing, 
the assets must be tested first. 
Goodwill 
The performance of the annual goodwill impairment tests in the 
2025 financial year did not result in any impairments under IAS 36 
as of October 1. The determination of a value in use was not 
necessary for any cash generating unit. 
The tested goodwill of all cash-generating units whose respective 
goodwill is material shows a surplus of recoverable amounts over 
the respective carrying amounts and, therefore, based on current 
assessment of the economic situation, likewise only a significant 
change in the material valuation parameters that is not considered 
realistic would necessitate the recognition of goodwill impairment 
in these cash-generating units. 
Intangible Assets 
In 2025, approximately €38 million of impairments were 
recognized on intangible assets. The largest impairment was 
charged in the Energy Retail Other segment, and particularly at 
E.ON Solutions GmbH, where it was necessary to recognize an 
impairment loss of €25 million in the copyright to the E.ON Home 
App in view of the upcoming intragroup sale and the reduced use 
potential of this software solution in the future. The new carrying 
amount of this intangible asset is €5 million. In the Energy 
Networks South Eastern Europe segment, an impairment of 
€8 million was recognized in the power grid of Delgaz Grid S.A., 
which reduced the carrying amount of that asset to €645 million. 
The main reasons for this impairment are lower earnings 
expectations.  
In 2025, the Company recorded an amortization expense on 
intangible assets of € 736 million (2024: € 735 million). 
As of December 31, 2025, the closing balance of intangible assets 
with an indefinite useful life amounted to € 86 million (2024: 
€85 million). These assets are mainly attributable to concession 
rights from the Swedish energy grid with a value of €3 8 million.  
In the year under review, € 110 million (2024: €1 56 million) of 
research and development costs within the meaning of IAS 38 
were recognized as expenses. 
Rights of Use 
In 2025, the Company recorded an amortization expense of 
€470 million (2024: € 445 million). Impairment charges on rights 
of use amounted to € 1 million (2024: € 1 million). 
Property, Plant and Equipment 
Impairments on property, plant and equipment amounted to 
€96 million in 2025.  
The largest impairment charge recognized in the reporting period 
was taken on a biomass power plant in Germany, which belongs to 
the Energy Infrastructure Solutions segment. Whereas the project 
had already encountered numerous challenges in the past, the 
latest impairment loss of €28 million (2024: €30 million) was 
recognized to account for newer developments. Primarily the 
decision of a major customer of steam deliveries to close its 

[page 194]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 194 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
production site was decisive. The new carrying amount as of 
December 31, 2025 is €93 million.  
In the Energy Infrastructure Solutions segment, it was also 
necessary to recognize an impairment of €26 million in heat and 
cooling generation plants supplying residential and commercial 
customers in the Netherlands. This impairment was mainly 
necessitated by the lower income expectations identified in the 
course of a post-completion audit conducted after the acquisition 
of Equans Energy Solutions B.V. (renamed to Energy Infrastructure 
Solutions B.V.). The new net carrying amount of the generation 
plants acquired as part of the acquisition of this company is 
€22 million. 
In the United Kingdom, impairments totaling €15 million (2024: 
€18 million) were also recognized in the Energy Infrastructure 
Solutions segment, due to the full write-off of conventional meters 
that were no longer needed, and which have been replaced by 
smart energy meters. The other impairments recognized in the 
reporting period consist of various insignificant amounts.  
Reversals of impairments on property, plant and equipment 
amounted to around €1 million in the reporting year (2024: 
€13 million).  
Under the German Federal Climate Protection Act, greenhouse gas 
emissions in Germany must be reduced to such an extent that net 
carbon neutrality is achieved by the year 2045. State laws in many 
of Germany’s federal states mandate shorter decarbonization 
deadlines. Therefore, the importance of fossil natural gas will 
change in many areas in the foreseeable future. Against this 
background, already in September 2024, the German Networks 
Agency published a regulation entitled “KANU 2.0”, which 
shortens the regulatory useful lives and depreciation methods for 
natural gas infrastructure. The useful lives of gas network facilities 
in Germany have also been shortened as part of the ongoing 
transformation of gas networks. As a result of this adjustment 
beginning on January 1, 2025, the depreciation charges in fiscal 
year 2025 have increased by an amount in the low double-digit 
millions of euros. The carrying amounts of the German gas 
networks are deemed to be recoverable as of December 31, 2025. 
Scheduled depreciation amounted to € 2,728 million in 2025 
(2024: €2, 498 million). 
In 2025, land and buildings as well as technical equipment and 
machinery in the amount of € 438 million (2024: €3 45 million) 
were subject to restrictions on disposal. 
Borrowing costs in the amount of € 22 million were capitalized in 
2025 (2024: € 15 million) as part of the historical cost of property, 
plant and equipment.

[page 195]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 195 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
15 Companies Accounted for under the Equity Method and Other Financial Assets 
The following table shows the structure of the companies 
accounted for under the equity method and the other financial 
assets as of the dates indicated: 
 
The carrying amounts of the associates accounted for under the 
equity method totaled € 2,841 million (2024: € 2,927 million), and 
those of the joint ventures totaled € 4,520 million (2024: 
€4,184 million). 
The € 250 million increase in the carrying amounts of companies 
measured at equity compared with December 31, 2024, was 
mainly due to the deconsolidation of the NEW Group. 
The net income from companies measured at equity of 
€350 million (2024: €258 million) includes impairments of 
€391 million (2024: € 448 million) and reversals of impairments of 
€200 million (2024: € 195 million). These impairments and 
reversals primarily relate to the application of IAS 29 in Turkey. 
 
 
 
In April 2022, Turkey was classified as a hyperinflationary 
economy. Since then, therefore, the financial statements prepared 
on the basis of historical cost have been adjusted in accordance 
with IAS 29 for the first time for two Turkish investees included in 
the Group using the equity method (joint ventures). Under IAS 29, 
financial statements in the functional currency of a 
hyperinflationary economy must be expressed in terms of the 
measuring unit current at the balance sheet date in order to reflect 
the current purchasing power. As a result, non-monetary assets 
and liabilities, among other things, are generally adjusted using a 
general price index and a gain or loss on the net monetary position 
is recognized.  
The adjustment under IAS 29 is made on the basis of the 
consumer price index published by the Turkish Statistical Institute.  
As of December 31, 2025, this consumer price index amounted to  
3,513 index points (December 31, 2024: 2,684). 
The transition effect as of January 1, 2022, amounted to 
€612 million (in foreign currency OCI), partially offset by a write-
down in accumulated retained earnings (-€381 million). 
The amount shown for non-current securities relates primarily to 
fixed-income securities. The €283 million decrease resulted mainly 
from changes in the portfolios of the special fund management 
companies and from the deconsolidation of the NEW Group. 
Impairments of other financial assets amounted to € 63 million 
(2024: € 84 million). Reversals of impairments totaled € 3 million 
(2024: € 3 million). The carrying amount of other financial assets 
for which impairments were recognized was €63 million as of the 
end of the fiscal year (2024: € 73 million); the carrying amount of 
other financial assets for which impairments were reversed 
amounts to € 9 million (2024: € 12 million). 
Investment income generated from companies accounted for 
under the equity method amounted to € 626 million in 2025 
(2024: €4 66 million). 
Companies Accounted for under the Equity Method and Other Financial Assets              
  December 31, 2025   December 31, 2024  
  E.ON 
Group 
  
Associates 
  Joint 
Ventures 
  E.ON 
Group 
  
Associates 
  Joint  
Ventures 
 
€ in millions              
Companies accounted for under the equity method  7,361   2,841   4,520   7,111   2,927   4,184  
Equity investments  2,802   863 ¹  343 ¹  2,752   834 ¹  311 ¹ 
Non-current securities  586   –    –    869   –    –   
Total  10,749   3,704   4,863   10,732   3,761   4,495  
                   
1The associates and joint ventures presented as equity investments are associated companies and joint ventures accounted for at cost on materiality grounds.  

[page 196]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 196 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The following table provides an overview of material items in the 
aggregated consolidated statements of comprehensive income of 
the  associates and joint ventures accounted for using the equity 
method: 
 
The materiality review conducted in the 2025 fiscal year showed 
that no single company accounted for under the equity method is 
in itself materially significant for the E.ON Group.  
Disclosures of company names, registered offices and equity 
interests as required by IFRS 12 for material joint arrangements 
and associates can be found in the list of shareholdings pursuant 
to Section 313 (2) HGB (see Note 12 →). 
As of December 31, 2025, the investment in Enerjisa Enerji A.Ş. 
remains marketable. The pro rata market value as of this date 
amounted to € 845 million (2024: € 757 million). The carrying 
amount is € 759 million as of December 31, 2025. The free float in 
the company totals 20 percent, with E.ON and Haci Ömer Sabanci 
Holding A.Ş. holding half of the remaining shares; from E.ON’s 
perspective, Enerjisa Enerji A.Ş. is therefore a joint venture. 
Of the total equity investments in companies accounted for under 
the equity method, shareholdings in companies with a carrying 
amount of €7 67 million (2024: €7 36 million) are restricted 
because they were pledged as collateral for financing as of the 
reporting date. 
There are no further material restrictions apart from those 
contained in standard legal and contractual provisions.
Summarized Financial Information for Associates and Joint Ventures Accounted for under the Equity Method  
  Associates   Joint ventures   Total  
€ in millions   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024  
Proportional share of net income from continuing operations  257   278   93   -20   350   258  
Proportional share of other comprehensive income  23   13   73   673   96   686  
Proportional share of total comprehensive income  280   291   166   653   446   944  

[page 197]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 197 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
16 Inventories 
The following table provides a breakdown of inventories: 
Inventories  
€ in millions  
 December 31,  
 2025   2024  
Raw materials and supplies  908   820  
Goods purchased for resale  490   361  
Work in progress and finished products  59   62  
Total  1,457   1,243  
 
The cost of raw materials, goods purchased for resale and finished 
products is primarily determined based on the average cost 
method. 
Write-downs totaled -€27 million in 2025 (2024: -€18 million). 
Reversals of write-downs amounted to € 43 million in 2025 (2024: 
€91 million).  
The change in inventories compared to December 31, 2024 is 
mainly attributable to the increase in stored natural gas reserves. 
No inventories have been pledged as collateral.

[page 198]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 198 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
17 Receivables and Other Assets 
The following table lists receivables and other assets by remaining 
time to maturity as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of the reporting date, other financial assets include receivables 
from interests in jointly owned power plants of € 23 million (2024: 
€34 million). 
Receivables from derivative financial instruments amounted to 
€2,374 million as of the reporting date (2024: € 4,275 million). Of 
this amount, €1,302 million (2024: € 2,955 million) is attributable 
to forward commodity contracts and €1,072 million (2024: 
€1,319 million) is attributable to currency derivatives.  The 
decrease is primarily due to price developments in the commodity 
markets during the course of the reporting  year. 
 
 
 
Receivables within the scope of IFRS 15 mainly comprise trade 
receivables. Value adjustments recognized in profit or loss on 
receivables within the scope of IFRS 15 totaled -€473 million in 
2025 (2024: -€539 million). 
The following table presents the changes in other assets under 
IFRS 15: 
Other Assets       
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Amortization and impairment  653   577  
Balance as of December 31  794   644  
 
The following table shows the opening and closing balances of 
contract assets within the meaning of IFRS 15: 
Contract Assets       
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Balance as of January 1  578   49  
Balance as of December 31  675   578  
 
Contract assets have increased since December 31, 2024 
(€ 578 million) to reach € 675 million in total as of December 31, 
2025. 
In addition, the E.ON Group had contingent assets in the amount of 
about € 0.3 billion as of December 31, 2025 (2024: € 0.3 billion) 
due to pending legal proceedings.
Receivables and Other Assets             
€ in millions  
 December 31, 2025   December 31, 2024  
 Current   Non-current   Current   Non-current  
Receivables from finance leases1  27   245   29   213  
Other financial receivables and financial assets  652   759   514   894  
Financial receivables and other financial assets  679   1,004   543   1,107  
Trade receivables  9,510   –    9,318   –   
Receivables from derivative financial instruments  670   1,704   2,064   2,211  
Contract assets (IFRS 15)  632   43   539   39  
Other assets  239   554   152   492  
Other operating assets  3,331   1,896   3,125   1,431  
Trade receivables and other operating assets  14,382   4,197   15,198   4,173  
Total  15,061   5,201   15,741   5,280  
1See also Note 32 →.                 

[page 199]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 199 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
18 Liquid Funds 
The following table provides a breakdown of liquid funds by 
original maturity as of the dates indicated: 
Liquid Funds       
€ in millions  
 December 31,  
 2025   2024  
Securities and fixed-term deposits  775   1,273  
Current securities with an original maturity 
greater than 3 months  775   1,273  
Restricted liquid funds  530   255  
Cash and cash equivalents  3,047   5,752  
thereof subject to an only contractual 
restriction  5   6  
Total  4,352   7,280  
 
Cash and cash equivalents include € 3,042 million (2024: 
€5,230 million) in cash, checks, cash on hand and balances at 
financial institutions with an original maturity of less than three 
months. The decrease is mainly attributable to higher investments 
and the dividend payment of E.ON SE. Another factor contributing 
to the decrease was the complete depletion of the money market 
fund at E.ON SE (2024: €382 million) within the item of cash and 
cash equivalents to meet the Group’s higher liquidity needs. Cash 
and cash equivalents in the amount of € 5 million (2024: 
€6 million) which are subject to an only contractual restriction 
mainly comprise advance payments in connection with 
government intervention measures.

[page 200]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 200 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
19 Capital Stock 
The capital stock is subdivided into 2,641,318,800 registered 
shares with no par value (no-par-value shares) and amounts to 
€2,641,318,800 (2024: €2,641,318,800). The capital stock of the  
Company was provided by way of conversion of E.ON AG into a 
European Company (SE) and through a capital increase carried out 
on March 20, 2017, partially using the Authorized Capital 2012, 
which expired on May 2, 2017, and through a capital increase 
entered in the Commercial Register of the Company on September 
19, 2019, making extensive use of the Authorized Capital 2017. 
Pursuant to a resolution by the Annual Shareholders Meeting of 
May 16, 2024, the Management Board is authorized to purchase 
own shares until May 15, 2029. The shares purchased, combined 
with other treasury shares in the possession of the Company, or 
attributable to the Company pursuant to Sections 71a et seq. 
AktG, may at no time exceed 10 percent of its capital stock. The 
Management Board was authorized at the aforementioned Annual 
Shareholders Meeting to cancel any shares thus acquired without 
requiring a separate shareholder resolution for the cancellation or 
its implementation. The total number of outstanding shares as of 
December 31, 2025, was 2,614,284,446 (December 31, 2024:    
2,613,077,958). As of December 31, 2025, E.ON SE held a total of 
27,034,354 treasury shares (December 31, 2024: 28,240,842) 
having a book value of € 991 million (equivalent to approximately 
1.02 percent or € 27,034,354 of the capital stock). 
The Management Board has further been authorized by the Annual 
Shareholders Meeting of May 16, 2024, also to buy shares using 
derivatives (put or call options, or a combination of both). When 
derivatives in the form of put or call options, or a combination of 
both, are used to acquire shares, the option transactions must be 
conducted with a credit institution or investment firm or a 
company operating in accordance with Section 53 (1) sentence 1 
or Section 53b (1) sentence 1 or (7) of the German Banking Act 
(KWG), or with a consortium of such institutions or firms, or at 
market terms on the stock exchange. No shares were acquired in 
the reporting year using this purchase model. 
In the 2025 fiscal year, employees of German E.ON Group 
companies had the opportunity to purchase E.ON shares at 
favorable conditions under a voluntary employee share purchase 
program. The employees received a grant of €360  on the shares 
subscribed by them in the period from September 1 to September 
30, 2025. The applicable issue price of the E.ON share was 
€15.335. A total of 1, 206,488 shares, or 0.05 percent of the share 
capital of E.ON SE, were used and issued to employees with a 
weighted-average purchase price of €19. 59 per share. 
Authorized Capital 
By shareholder resolution adopted at the Annual Shareholders 
Meeting of May 16, 2024, the Management Board was authorized, 
subject to the Supervisory Board’s approval, to increase until May 
15, 2029, the Company’s capital stock by a total of up to 
€528 million through one or more issuances of new registered no-
par-value shares against contributions in cash and/or in kind 
(authorized capital pursuant to Sections 202 et seq. AktG, 
Authorized Capital 2024). 
Subject to the Supervisory Board’s approval, the Management 
Board is authorized to exclude shareholders’ subscription rights. 
The Authorized Capital 2024 was not used. 
Conditional Capital 
At the Annual Shareholders Meeting of May 16, 2024, 
shareholders approved a conditional increase of the capital stock 
(with the option to exclude shareholders’ subscription rights) in the 
amount of up to €264 million (Conditional Capital 2024). 
The conditional capital increase will be used to grant registered no-
par-value shares to the holders of convertible bonds or bonds with 
warrants, profit participation rights or income bonds (or 
combinations of these instruments), in each case with option 
rights, conversion rights, option obligations and/or conversion 
obligations, which are issued by the Company or a Group company 
of the Company as defined by Section 18 of the German Stock 
Corporation Act (AktG), under the authorization approved by the 
Annual Shareholders Meeting on May 16, 2024, under agenda 
item 9, through May 15, 2029. The new shares will be issued at 
the conversion or option price to be determined in accordance with 
the authorization resolution. 
The conditional capital increase is to be implemented only to the 
extent that holders of option or conversion rights exercise these 
rights, or to the extent that holders of mandatory conversion or 
option rights fulfill their obligation to exercise these rights, or to 
the extent that the Company exercises its right to grant shares in 
the Company in whole or in part in lieu of payment of the cash 
amount due. 
The Conditional Capital 2024 was not used. 

[page 201]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 201 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Voting Rights 
The following notices pursuant to Section 33 (1) of the German 
Securities Trading Act (“WpHG”) concerning changes in voting 
rights have been received: 
Information on Stockholders of E.ON SE            
                 Voting rights  
  Date of notice   Threshold   Achieved, over or under threshold   Gained voting rights on   Allocation   Percentages   Absolute  
The Capital Group Companies Inc., Los Angeles, USA1  Dec. 19, 2024   3%   Under   Dec. 18, 2024   indirect   2.94   77,661,948  
BlackRock Inc., Wilmington, Delaware, USA  Jul. 3, 2025   5%   Over2   Jul. 1, 2025   indirect   6.373   168,192,4583  
RWE Aktiengesellschaft, Essen, Germany4  Dec. 10, 2020   15%   Achieved   Dec. 8, 2020   indirect   15.00   396,197,820  
DWS Investment GmbH, Frankfurt am Main, Germany  Feb. 3, 2026   3%   Over   Jan. 29, 2026   indirect   3.01   79,499,493  
Canada Pension Plan Investment Board, Toronto, 
Canada  Oct. 28, 2024   3%   Under   Oct. 25, 2024   direct/indirect   2.99   78,994,7505  
Ministry of Finance on behalf of the State of Norway, 
Oslo, Norway⁶  Jun. 13, 2025   3%   Under   Jun. 10, 2025   indirect   2.98   78,646,393  
1Name of shareholder holding less than 3.0 percent voting rights according to the notice received: Capital Research and Management Company.  
2Voluntary Group notification with triggered threshold on subsidiary level without specific information about threshold crossing.     
3Includes voting rights pursuant to Sec. 34 and instruments pursuant to Sec. 38 (1) Nos. 1 and 2 WpHG.     
4Name of shareholder holding 3.0 percent or more of voting rights according to the notice received: GBV Zweiunddreißigste Gesellschaft für Beteiligungsverwaltung mbH.     
5Includes voting rights pursuant to Sec. 33, 34 and instruments pursuant to Sec. 38 (1) No. 2 WpHG.  
6Name of shareholder holding less than 3.0 percent of voting rights according to the notice received: Norges Bank, Oslo, Norway.  

[page 202]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 202 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
20 Additional Paid-in Capital 
Additional paid-in capital decreased by € 5 million to 
€13, 311 million in 2025 (2024: €13,316 million). The reduction in 
additional paid-in capital is attributable to the issuance of 
employee shares to eligible employees of the E.ON Group.

[page 203]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 203 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
21 Retained Earnings 
The following table breaks down the E.ON Group’s retained 
earnings as of the dates indicated: 
Retained Earnings  
  December 31,  
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Legal reserves  45   45  
Other retained earnings  5,828   4,706  
Total  5,873   4,751  
 
As of December 31, 2025, these IFRS retained earnings totaled 
€5, 873 million (2024: € 4,751 million). The total change of 
€1, 122 million is primarily due to the consolidated net income. In 
addition, actuarial income from pensions (€829 million) led to a 
change in retained earnings. This was partially offset by E.ON SE’s 
distribution to shareholders (€1,437 million) . 
Under German securities law, E.ON SE shareholders may receive 
distributions from E.ON SE’s income available for distribution in 
accordance with the German Commercial Code (German GAAP). 
As of December 31, 2025, these German-GAAP retained earnings 
totaled € 4,426 million (2024: € 3,309 million). Of this amount, 
legal reserves of €45 million (2024: €45 million) are restricted 
pursuant to Section 150 (3) and (4) AktG. The increase in retained 
earnings is due to the allocation of €1,100 million from the 2025 
net income and to the sale of treasury shares under the Employee 
Share Purchase Program in 2025. In addition, amounts totaling 
€48.8 million (2024: €76.3 million) are restricted from distribution 
under German commercial law as a result of the surplus of plan. 
The dividend-restricted amounts are fully covered by a sufficient 
amount of available reserves. 
The amount of retained earnings available for distribution is 
€4,332 million (2024: € 3,188 million). 
A proposal to distribute a cash dividend for 2025 of €0.57 per 
share will be submitted to the Annual Shareholders Meeting. For 
2024, shareholders at the May 15, 2025, Annual Shareholders 
Meeting voted to distribute a dividend of €0.55 for each dividend-
paying ordinary share. Based on a € 0.57 dividend, the total profit 
distribution is €1,490 million (2024: €1,437 million).

[page 204]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 204 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
22 Changes in Other Comprehensive Income 
The change in other comprehensive income is primarily the result 
of exchange rate differences recognized on the balance sheet, 
indexation effects from the application of IAS 29 (hyperinflationary 
accounting) in Turkey, effects from cash flow hedges, and the 
recognition of actuarial gains and losses. 
The table below illustrates the share of OCI attributable to 
companies accounted for under the equity method. 
Share of OCI Attributable to Companies Accounted for under the 
Equity Method  
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Balance as of December 31 (before taxes)  370   274  
Taxes  –    –   
Balance as of December 31 (after taxes)  370   274  

[page 205]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 205 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
23 Non-Controlling Interests 
Non-controlling interests by segment as of the dates indicated are 
shown in the following table: 
Non-Controlling Interests  
  December 31,  
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Energy Networks  5,438   5,153  
Germany  4,932   4,730  
Sweden  –    –   
Central Eastern Europe  –    –   
South Eastern Europe  506   423  
Energy Infrastructure Solutions  20   22  
Energy Retail  848   888  
Germany  574   621  
United Kingdom  –    –   
The Netherlands  –    2  
Other  274   265  
Corporate Functions/Other  267   262  
E.ON Group  6,573   6,325  
 
The table below illustrates the share of OCI that is attributable to 
non-controlling interests: 
 
Share of OCI Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests   
€ in millions   
Cash flow 
hedges   
Available-for-
sale 
securities   
Currency 
translation 
adjustments   
Remeasure- 
ments of 
defined 
benefit plans  
Balance as of January 1, 2024  –    -11   -210   90  
Changes  –    6   -10   22  
Balance as of December 31, 2024  –    -5   -220   112  
Changes  –    1   6   46  
Balance as of December 31, 2025  –    -4   -214   158  

[page 206]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 206 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
In compliance with IFRS 12, the following tables include 
subsidiaries with significant non-controlling interests and provide 
an overview of significant items on the aggregated balance sheet 
and on the aggregated income statement, and significant cash 
flow items. The list of shareholdings pursuant to Section 313 (2) 
HGB (see Note 12 →) contains information on the registered office 
of the company and disclosures on equity interests. 
    
 
There are no major restrictions beyond those under customary 
corporate or contractual provisions. The amount of € 25 million 
(2024: € 17 million) was reclassified from non-controlling interests 
to liabilities in connection with guaranteed dividends.
Subsidiaries with Material Non-Controlling Interests— Balance Sheet Data as of December 31               
  rhenag Rheinische Energie AG   
envia 
Mitteldeutsche Energie AG   E.DIS AG1    Avacon AG1  
€ in millions   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024  
Non-controlling interests in equity  493   495   1,332   1,253   678   641   594   569  
Non-controlling interests in equity (in %)2  54   54   42   42   33   33   39   39  
Dividends paid out to non-controlling interests  29   30   70   70   35   30   38   50  
Operating cash flow  42   21   -1   -30   -19   -20   -51   -67  
Non-current assets  488   489   3,710   3,708   1,830   1,851   2,490   2,507  
Current assets  242   258   671   501   375   459   454   234  
Non-current liabilities  30   37   492   564   7   7   952   900  
Current liabilities  115   126   720   691   121   257   212   152  
1Holding companies without operational business.                         
2Calculated share ratio.                                
Subsidiaries with Material Non-Controlling Interests— Earnings Data                  
  rhenag Rheinische Energie AG   
envia 
Mitteldeutsche Energie AG    E.DIS AG1   Avacon AG1  
€ in millions   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024  
Share of earnings attributable to non-controlling interests  23   33   131   137   69   105   65   81  
Sales  260   247   406   392   6   5   14   14  
Net income/loss  53   63   322   356   210   320   193   233  
Comprehensive income  53   63   322   356   210   319   193   233  
1Holding companies without operational business.                         

[page 207]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 207 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
24 Provisions for Pensions and Similar Obligations 
The retirement benefit obligations toward the active and former 
employees of the E.ON Group, which amounted to € 18.9 billion, 
were covered by plan assets having a fair value of € 15.8 billion as 
of December 31, 2025. This corresponds to a funded status of 
84 percent. 
Provisions for Pensions and Similar Obligations  
  December 31,  
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Present value of all defined benefit 
obligations       
Germany  15,464   17,256  
United Kingdom  3,382   3,582  
Other countries  47   40  
Total  18,893   20,878  
Fair value of plan assets       
Germany  12,288   13,092  
United Kingdom  3,528   3,693  
Other countries  9   9  
Total  15,825   16,794  
Net defined benefit liability/asset (-)       
Germany  3,176   4,164  
United Kingdom  -146   -111  
Other countries  38   31  
Total  3,068   4,084  
Presented as operating receivables  -1,340   -1,097  
Presented as provisions for pensions and 
similar obligations  4,408   5,181  
 
Description of the Benefit Plans 
In addition to their entitlements under government retirement 
systems and the income from private retirement planning, most 
active and former E.ON Group employees are also covered by 
occupational benefit plans. Both defined benefit plans and defined 
contribution plans are in place. Benefits under defined benefit 
plans are generally paid upon reaching retirement age, or in the 
event of disability or death. 
E.ON regularly reviews the pension plans in place within the Group 
for financial risks. Typical risk factors for defined benefit plans are 
longevity and changes in nominal interest rates, as well as inflation 
developments and rising wages and salaries. 
The features and risks of defined benefit plans are shaped by the 
general legal, tax and regulatory conditions prevailing in the 
respective country. The configurations of the major defined benefit 
and defined contribution plans within the E.ON Group are 
described in the following discussion. 
Germany 
Active employees at the German Group companies are covered by 
both cash balance plans and pension plans based on final salary. 
Pension plans based on final salary are closed to new hires. All new 
hires will receive cash balance plans in accordance with a capital or 
pension module system, which, depending on the pension plan, 
can provide for alternative payout options of a prorated single 
payment and payments of installments in addition to the payment 
of a regular pension. The cash balance plans used different interest 
rules until December 31, 2021. Depending on the underlying 
pension plan, either interest rates adjusted to market 
developments with a fixed lower limit or guaranteed interest rates 
were used to determine the capital or pension modules. The 
majority of pension commitments still with a fixed guaranteed 
interest rate were modified as of January 1, 2022, in that the 
pension modules acquired from this date onwards now also bear 
interest at a rate adjusted to market developments and protected 
by a fixed lower limit. The benefit expense for the cash balance 
plans is determined at different percentage rates based on the 
ratio between compensation and the contribution limit in the 
statutory retirement pension system in Germany. Employees can 
additionally choose to defer compensation. 
Future pension adjustments are either guaranteed at 1 percent per 
annum or largely track the development of the inflation rate, 
usually in a three-year cycle. 
To fund the pension plans for the German Group companies, plan 
assets were established. The major part of these plan assets is 
administered in the form of Contractual Trust Arrangements 
(“CTAs”) in accordance with specified investment principles. There 
are additional plan assets available through the implementation 
channels of the pension fund (“Pensionsfonds”) and smaller 
German pension vehicles (“Pensions- und Unterstützungskassen”). 
Only the pension fund and the “Pensionskassen” vehicles are 
subject to regulatory provisions in relation to the investment of 
capital and funding requirements. 

[page 208]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 208 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
United Kingdom 
In the United Kingdom, there are various pension plans. In the past, 
employees were covered by defined benefit plans, which for the 
most part were final-pay plans and make up the majority of the 
pension obligations currently reported for the United Kingdom. 
Benefit payments to the beneficiaries are adjusted for inflation on 
a limited basis. These pension plans were closed to new hires. 
Since then, new hires are offered a defined contribution plan. Aside 
from the payment of contributions, this plan entails no additional 
risks for the employer. 
Plan assets in the United Kingdom are administered by trustees in 
independent special-purpose vehicles, most of which are a 
separate section of the Electricity Supply Pension Scheme (ESPS). 
The trustees are selected from the members of the plan or 
appointed by the entity. In that capacity, the trustees are 
particularly responsible for the investment of the plan assets. 
The Pensions Regulator in the United Kingdom requires that a so-
called “technical valuation” of the plan’s funding status be 
performed every three years. The actuarial assumptions 
underlying the valuation are agreed upon by the trustees and E.ON 
UK plc. They include presumed life expectancy, wage and salary 
growth rates, investment returns, inflationary assumptions and 
interest rate levels. The most recent technical valuation of the 
financing status of the “E.ON UK Section” was completed as of the 
reporting date of March 31, 2024, and no technical funding deficit 
was identified. 
Other Countries 
The remaining pension obligations are divided between the 
Netherlands, Luxembourg, Sweden, Italy, Poland, Romania, the 
Czech Republic and the USA. 
The defined benefit plan in the Netherlands consists of 
commitments made by various employers within the framework of 
a sector-specific fund and does not permit a pro rata allocation of 
the obligations, plan assets and service cost. The E.ON Group 
accordingly accounts for this obligation as a defined contribution 
plan. There are no minimum funding requirements in this respect. 
Benefits may be reduced or contributions increased if there is 
insufficient funding. 
From the perspective of the Group, however, the benefit plans are 
relatively insignificant in the above-mentioned countries. 

[page 209]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 209 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Description of the Benefit Obligations 
The following table shows the changes in the present value of the 
defined benefit obligations for the periods indicated: 
 
The actuarial gains shown in the table for the development of the 
present value of the defined benefit obligations are primarily 
attributable to an increase in the discount rates used.  
In the United Kingdom, the payments for settlements resulted 
from the sale of a pension plan to an insurance company (buy-out). 
 
 
 
 
The main change shown in Changes in scope of consolidation is the 
deconsolidation of NEW AG with its subsidiaries of the NEW 
Group.  
The present value is attributable to retirees and their beneficiaries 
in the amount of €1 2.7 billion (2024: € 13.4 billion), to former 
employees with vested entitlements in the amount of €2. 1 billion 
(2024: €2. 5 billion) and to active employees in the amount of 
€4.1 billion (2024: €5 billion).  
  
Changes in the Defined Benefit Obligations                    
  2025   2024  
€ in millions   Total   Germany   
United 
Kingdom   
Other 
countries   Total   Germany   
United 
Kingdom   
Other 
countries  
Defined benefit obligations as of January 1  20,878   17,256   3,582   40   21,710   17,811   3,858   41  
Employer service cost for benefits earned during the year  198   185   11   2   215   201   12   2  
Past service cost  -14   -17   3   –    -28   -28   –    –   
Gains (-) and losses (+) on settlements  –    –    –    –    –    –    –    –   
Interest cost on the present value of the defined benefit obligations  717   540   175   2   736   556   178   2  
Remeasurements  -1,380   -1,451   65   6   -818   -429   -388   -1  
Actuarial gains (-)/losses (+) arising from changes in demographic assumptions  18   –    16   2   -19   –    -19   –   
Actuarial gains (-)/losses (+) arising from changes in financial assumptions  -1,585   -1,495   -93   3   -947   -573   -373   -1  
Actuarial gains (-)/losses (+) arising from experience adjustments  187   44   142   1   148   144   4   –   
Employee contributions  4   4   –    –    4   3   1   –   
Benefit payments  -1,160   -911   -246   -3   -1,128   -872   -254   -2  
Settlement payments  -30   –    -30   –    –    –    –    –   
Changes in scope of consolidation  -154   -154   –    –    –    –    –    –   
Exchange rate differences  -179   –    -178   -1   175   –    175   –   
Other  13   12   –    1   12   14   –    -2  
Defined benefit obligations as of December 31  18,893   15,464   3,382   47   20,878   17,256   3,582   40  

[page 210]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 210 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The actuarial assumptions used to measure the defined benefit 
obligations and to compute the net periodic pension cost at E.ON’s 
German and UK subsidiaries as of the respective balance sheet 
date are as follows:  
Actuarial Assumptions     
  December 31,  
Percentages  2025   2024   2023  
Discount rate1          
Germany  4.15   3.41   3.16  
United Kingdom  5.46   5.45   4.50  
Wage and salary growth 
rate          
Germany  2.95   2.95   2.95  
United Kingdom2  2.10/2.40   2.20/2.70   2.10/2.50  
Pension increase rate          
Germany3  2.20   2.20   2.20  
United Kingdom  2.70   3.00   2.90  
          
1The discount rates used to determine service cost were 3.50 percent (2024: 3.12 percent) in 
Germany and 5.57 percent (2024: 4.53 percent) in the UK.  
2Different salary growth rates due to different benefit plans (E.ON: 2.10 percent (2024: 2.20 
percent); former Npower: 2.40 percent (2024: 2.70 percent)).    
3The pension increase rate for Germany applies to eligible individuals not subject to an agreed 
guarantee adjustment.     
 
The IAS 19 discount rates for the EUR and GBP currency areas are 
determined on the basis of the single equivalent discount rate 
method. The full yield curve is used to determine the present value 
of the defined benefit obligations, and the presented IAS 19 
discount rate is determined retrospectively as the discount rate 
that leads to the identical present value of the defined benefit 
obligations when applied uniformly. The yield curve “RATE:Link” 
from provider WTW is used to determine the present value. Since 
July 31, 2025, WTW has for the first time incorporated into the 
derivation of its yield curve the yields of high-quality corporate 
bonds with a one-time call option within one year before maturity. 
This change led to an increase of 21 basis points in the discount 
rate in Germany and a corresponding actuarial gain of €376 million 
as of December 31, 2025. In the subsequent year, the service cost 
will be reduced by €9 million and the net interest cost will be 
reduced by €11 million. As of  the reporting date, this adjustment 
had virtually no effect on the applicable discount rate in the United 
Kingdom. 
To measure the E.ON Group’s occupational pension obligations for 
accounting purposes, the Company has employed the current 
versions of the biometric tables recognized in each respective 
country for the calculation of pension obligations: 
 
Changes in the actuarial assumptions described previously would 
lead to the following changes in the present value of the defined 
benefit obligations: 
 
The sensitivities indicated are computed based on the same 
methods and assumptions used to determine the present value of 
the defined benefit obligations. If one of the actuarial assumptions 
is changed for the purpose of computing the sensitivity of results 
to changes in that assumption, all other actuarial assumptions are 
included in the computation unchanged. 
When considering sensitivities, it must be noted that the change in 
the present value of the defined benefit obligations resulting from 
changing multiple actuarial assumptions simultaneously is not 
necessarily equivalent to the cumulative effect of the individual 
sensitivities. 
Actuarial Assumptions (Mortality Tables) 
Germany  
2018 G versions of the Heubeck biometric tables 
(2018) 
United Kingdom  
“S4” series base mortality tables with the CMI 2024 
projection model for future improvements 
Sensitivities        
  Change in the present value of the defined benefit obligations  
  December 31, 2025   December 31, 2024  
Change in the discount rate by (basis points)  + 50   -50   + 50   -50  
Change in percent  -5.33   5.89   -5.93   6.62  
Change in the wage and salary growth rate by (basis points)  + 25   -25   + 25   -25  
Change in percent  0.19   -0.19   0.23   -0.22  
Change in the pension increase rate by (basis points)  + 25   -25   + 25   -25  
Change in percent  1.57   -1.51   1.79   -1.72  
Change in mortality by (percent)  + 10   -10   + 10   -10  
Change in percent  -1.89   2.10   -2.03   2.27  

[page 211]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 211 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Description of Plan Assets and the 
Investment Policy 
The defined benefit plans are funded by plan assets held in 
specially created pension vehicles that legally are distinct from the 
Company. The fair value of these plan assets changed as follows: 
 
The plan assets include virtually no owner-occupied real estate or 
equity and debt instruments issued by E.ON Group companies. 
Each of the individual plan asset components has been allocated to 
an asset class based on its substance. 
  
Changes in the Fair Value of Plan Assets 
  2025   2024  
€ in millions  Total   Germany   
United 
Kingdom   
Other 
countries   Total   Germany   
United 
Kingdom   
Other 
countries  
Fair value of plan assets as of January 1  16,794   13,092   3,693   9   17,269   13,347   3,914   8  
Interest income on plan assets  596   413   183   –    598   414   184   –   
Remeasurements  -487   -581   95   -1   -370   -19   -352   1  
Return on plan assets recognized in equity, not including amounts contained in the interest income on plan 
assets  -487   -581   95   -1   -370   -19   -352   1  
Employee contributions  4   4   –    –    4   3   1   –   
Employer contributions  187   170   17   –    175   154   21   –   
Benefit payments  -1,071   -825   -246   –    -1,061   -807   -254   –   
Settlement payments  -30   –    -30   –    –    –    –    –   
Changes in scope of consolidation  15   15   –    –    –    –    –    –   
Exchange rate differences  -183   –    -184   1   179   –    179   –   
Other  –    –    –    –    –    –    –    –   
Fair value of plan assets as of December 31  15,825   12,288   3,528   9   16,794   13,092   3,693   9  

[page 212]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 212 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The plan assets thus classified break down as shown in the 
following table:
The fundamental investment objective for the plan assets is to 
provide full coverage of benefit obligations at all times for the 
payments due under the corresponding benefit plans. This 
investment policy stems from the corresponding governance 
guidelines of the Group. An increase in the net defined benefit 
liability or a deterioration in the funded status following an 
unfavorable development in plan assets or in the present value of 
the defined benefit obligations is identified in these guidelines as a 
risk. E.ON therefore regularly reviews the development of the 
funded status in order to monitor this risk. 
To implement the investment objective, the E.ON Group primarily 
pursues an investment approach that takes into account the 
structure of the benefit obligations. This long-term investment 
strategy seeks to manage the funded status, with the result that 
any changes in the defined benefit obligations, especially those 
caused by fluctuating inflation and interest rates are, to a certain 
degree, offset by simultaneous corresponding changes in the fair 
value of plan assets. The investment strategy may also involve the 
use of derivatives (for example, interest rate swaps and inflation 
swaps, as well as currency hedging instruments) to facilitate the 
control of specific risk factors of pension liabilities. In the table 
above, derivatives have been allocated, based on their substance, 
to the respective asset classes.  
In order to improve the funded status of the E.ON Group as a 
whole, a portion of the plan assets will also be invested in a 
diversified portfolio of asset classes that are expected to provide 
for long-term returns in excess of those of fixed-income 
investments and the discount rate. 
The determination of the target portfolio structure for the 
individual plan assets is based on regular asset-liability studies. In 
these studies, the target portfolio structure is reviewed in a 
comprehensive approach against the backdrop of existing 
investment principles, the current funded status, the condition of 
the capital markets and the structure of the benefit obligations, 
and is adjusted as necessary. The parameters used in the studies 
are additionally reviewed regularly. Asset managers are tasked 
with implementing the target portfolio structure. They are 
monitored for target achievement on a regular basis. 
Classification of Plan Assets                    
  December 31, 2025   December 31, 2024  
Percentages  Total   Germany   
United 
Kingdom   
Other 
countries   Total   Germany   
United 
Kingdom   
Other 
countries  
Plan assets listed in an active market                         
Equity securities (stocks)  18   23   1   –    20   23   10   –   
Debt securities  42   41   46   –    47   44   57   –   
thereof Government bonds  26   24   34   –    32   26   52   –   
thereof Corporate bonds  16   17   12   –    15   18   5   –   
Other investment funds  8   –    36   –    6   –    25   –   
Total listed plan assets  68   64   83   –    73   67   92   –   
Plan assets not listed in an active market                         
Equity securities not traded on an exchange  6   7   6   –    6   6   6   –   
Debt securities  –    –    –    –    –    –    –    –   
Real estate  9   12   –    –    9   12   –    –   
Qualifying insurance policies  2   2   0   100   2   2   1   100  
Cash and cash equivalents  4   2   10   –    1   1   1   –   
Other  11   13   1   –    9   12   –    –   
Total unlisted plan assets  32   36   17   100   27   33   8   100  
Total  100   100   100   100   100   100   100   100  

[page 213]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 213 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Description of the Pension Cost 
The net periodic pension cost for defined benefit plans included in 
the provisions for pensions and similar obligations and in operating 
receivables is shown in the table below:
In addition to the total net periodic pension cost for defined benefit 
plans, an amount of € 139 million in contributions to external 
insurers or similar institutions was paid in 2025 (2024: 
€122 million) for defined contribution plans. 
Contributions to state plans totaled €0. 5 billion (2024: 
€0.4 billion). 
Description of Contributions and 
Benefit Payments 
Prospective benefit payments under the defined benefit plans 
existing as of December 31, 2025, for the next ten years are 
shown in the following table: 
Prospective Benefit Payments        
€ in millions   Total   Germany   
United 
Kingdom   
Other 
countries  
2026  1,171   927   241   3  
2027  1,160   919   238   3  
2028  1,169   929   237   3  
2029  1,169   931   235   3  
2030  1,179   941   233   5  
2031– 2035  5,857   4,682   1,144   31  
Total  11,705   9,329   2,328   48  
 
For the following fiscal year, it is expected that employer 
contributions to plan assets will amount to a total of €147 million.  
The weighted-average duration of the defined benefit obligations 
measured within the E.ON Group was 11.5 years as of December 
31, 2025 (2024: 12.7 years). 
Net Periodic Pension Cost                    
  2025   2024  
€ in millions   Total   Germany   
United 
Kingdom   
Other 
countries   Total   Germany   
United 
Kingdom   
Other 
countries  
Employer service cost for benefits earned during the year  198   185   11   2   215   201   12   2  
Past service cost  -14   -17   3   –    -28   -28   –    –   
Gains (-) and losses (+) on settlements  –    –    –    –    –    –    –    –   
Net interest cost (+)/interest income (-) on the net defined benefit liability/asset  121   127   -8   2   138   142   -6   2  
Total  305   295   6   4   325   315   6   4  

[page 214]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 214 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Description of the Net Defined Benefit 
Liability 
The recognized net liability from the E.ON Group’s defined benefit 
plans results from the difference between the present value of the 
defined benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets: 
Changes in the Net Defined Benefit Liability 
  2025   2024  
€ in millions   Total   Germany   
United 
Kingdom   
Other 
countries   Total   Germany   
United 
Kingdom   
Other 
countries  
Net liability as of January 1  4,084   4,164   -111   31   4,441   4,464   -56   33  
Net periodic pension cost  305   295   6   4   325   315   6   4  
Changes from remeasurements  -893   -870   -30   7   -448   -410   -36   -2  
Employer contributions to plan assets  -187   -170   -17   –    -175   -154   -21   –   
Net benefit payments  -89   -86   –    -3   -67   -65   –    -2  
Settlement payments  –    –    –    –    –    –    –    –   
Changes in scope of consolidation  -169   -169   –    –    –    –    –    –   
Exchange rate differences  4   –    6   -2   -4   –    -4   –   
Other  13   12   –    1   12   14   –    -2  
Net liability as of December 31  3,068   3,176   -146   38   4,084   4,164   -111   31  
thereof net liability  4,408   4,339   29   40   5,181   5,117   31   33  
thereof net asset  -1,340   -1,163   -175   -2   -1,097   -953   -142   -2  

[page 215]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 215 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
25 Miscellaneous Provisions 
The following table lists the miscellaneous provisions as of the 
dates indicated:
The changes in the miscellaneous provisions are shown in the table 
below:
The compounding related to the changes in provisions is shown in 
the financial result (see Note 09 →). The provision amounts are 
discounted with interest rates of between 2.0 and 7.3 percent, 
depending on the maturity. 
As of December 31, 2025, as in the previous year, provisions for 
nuclear-waste management obligations exclusively relate to 
Germany; the other provisions mainly relate to eurozone countries 
and the United Kingdom. 
Miscellaneous Provisions        
  December 31, 2025   December 31, 2024  
€ in millions   Current   Non-current   Current   Non-current  
Nuclear-waste management obligations  638   4,701   684   5,219  
Personnel obligations  429   710   425   741  
Obligations from green certificates  782   –    860   30  
Other asset retirement obligations  86   936   64   708  
Supplier-related and customer-related obligations  707   63   930   119  
Environmental remediation and similar obligations  45   304   47   296  
Other  1,353   1,213   1,282   1,179  
Total  4,040   7,927   4,292   8,292  
Changes in Miscellaneous Provisions                          
€ in millions   
January 1, 
2025   
Exchange rate 
differences   
Changes in 
scope of 
consolidation   
Unwinding of 
discounts   Additions   Utilization   
Reclassifi- 
cations   Reversals   
Changes in 
estimates   
December 31, 
2025  
Nuclear-waste management obligations  5,903   -1   –    126   –    -682   –    –    -7   5,339  
Personnel obligations  1,166   -1   -1   13   547   -476   -24   -85   –    1,139  
Obligations from green certificates  890   -44   –    6   1,248   -1,284   -34   –    –    782  
Other asset retirement obligations  772   –    –    19   293   -32   –    –    -30   1,022  
Supplier-related and customer-related obligations  1,049   -6   -9   2   213   -254   -4   -221   –    770  
Environmental remediation and similar obligations  343   –    –    -2   28   -15   18   -23   –    349  
Other  2,461   -1   -35   -136   961   -524   31   -190   -1   2,566  
Total  12,584   -53   -45   28   3,290   -3,267   -13   -519   -38   11,967  

[page 216]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 216 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Provisions for Nuclear-Waste 
Management Obligations 
The provisions for nuclear waste management obligations, which 
are based exclusively on German nuclear power legislation, 
comprise all nuclear obligations relating to the disposal of spent 
nuclear fuel rods, including the repatriation of reprocessing waste, 
low-level radioactive operational waste, and the shutdown and 
decommissioning of nuclear power plant components. These 
obligations pertain exclusively to activities in Germany. 
The cost estimates used to determine the provision amounts are 
updated annually with reference to studies and assessments 
performed by external experts, except when the cost estimates are 
based on contractual agreements. Provisions are measured at the 
respective settlement amounts. Non-current provisions are 
discounted to the balance sheet date. A risk-free discount rate, 
which averaged approximately 2.7 percent in the reporting period 
(prior year: approximately 2.3 percent), is applied to measure the 
disposal obligations. As in the previous year, E.ON assumed a 
2 percent increase in costs when estimating the annual cash 
outflows. A change in the discount rate or cost increase rate of 
0.1 percentage points would lead to a change of approximately 
€30 million in the amount of the provision recognized on the 
balance sheet. Excluding the effects of discounting and cost 
increases, the amounts for disposal obligations would be 
€5,541 million, with an average payment term of about five years. 
Waste management obligations were affected by changes in 
estimates amounting to -€7 million in 2025 (2024: - €100 million). 
These changes mainly included the discounting effect of 
approximately -€132 million resulting from the increase in interest 
rates, as well as countervailing cost increases. Provision 
utilizations amounted to €682 million, similar to the previous year 
(2024: €686 million).  
Personnel Obligations 
Provisions for personnel costs primarily cover provisions for early 
retirement benefits, performance-based compensation 
components, restructuring and other deferred personnel costs. 
Restructuring provisions, which totaled € 553 million at December 
31, 2025 (2024: € 597 million), were formed especially in 
Germany for various restructuring projects. 
Obligations from Green Certificates 
Renewables Obligation Certificates (ROCs or Green Certificates) 
are an important mechanism for promoting renewable energies, 
especially in the UK. The ROCs represent a fixed share of 
Renewables in power sales and can be acquired either from 
renewable sources or on the market. During a 12-month ROC 
period, the ROC provisions are formed at the beginning of the year 
and utilized at the end of the year.  
Provisions for Other Asset Retirement 
and Waste Management Obligations 
The provisions for other asset retirement and waste management 
obligations include obligations for the shutdown and 
decommissioning of renewable energy power plants and 
infrastructure. These provisions also include provisions for the 
asset retirement of conventional components of nuclear power 
plants, which are based on civil law agreements or public-law 
requirements, in the amount of €318 million (2024: €360 million). 
The change in the amount of these provisions is mainly 
attributable to the increase in interest rates. Excluding discounting 
and cost-increase effects, the amount for these disposal 
obligations would be €354 million, with an average payment term 
of about 12 years. An allocation related to the gas network 
transformation was made to the provisions shutdown and 
decommissioning obligations for the first time as of December 31, 
2025. Most of this allocation of a euro amount in the low triple-
digit millions was capitalized as subsequent acquisition or 
production cost within Property, plant and equipment. 
Sales and Supplier-Related Obligations 
Provisions for supplier-related obligations consist of provisions for 
potential losses on open purchase contracts. 
Provisions for sales market-oriented obligations include provisions 
for price reductions, discounts and rebates in the amount of 
€463 million (2024: € 554 million). 
Environmental Remediation and Similar 
Obligations 
Provisions for environmental remediation refer primarily to 
redevelopment protection measures and the rehabilitation of 
contaminated sites. 
Other 
The other miscellaneous provisions consist of recultivation and 
remediation obligations of predecessor companies in the amount 
of €261 million (2024: €358 million). They also include obligations 
for a possible insolvency payment in the amount of € 143 million 
(2024: € 140 million) and litigation cost risks related to the costs of 
a legal dispute or legals proceeding in the amount of € 87 million 
(2024: € 99 million). They also cover expected obligations from 
emissions trading in the amount of €83 million (2024:  
€73 million). In addition, they include possible obligations from 
tax-related interest expense in the amount of € 42 million (2024: 
€46 m illion) and miscellaneous taxes in the amount of €34 million 
(2024: €46 million) .

[page 217]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 217 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
26 Liabilities 
The following table provides a breakdown of liabilities: 
 
Liabilities        
  December 31, 2025   December 31, 2024  
€ in millions  Current   Non-current   Current   Non-current  
Financial liabilities  4,445   34,053   4,964   34,100  
Trade payables  10,583   –    10,870   –   
Capital expenditure grants  590   767   617   538  
Liabilities from derivatives  1,317   2,086   1,962   2,108  
Advance payments  260   12   280   21  
Contract liabilities (IFRS 15)  724   4,455   687   3,904  
Other operating liabilities  5,390   517   5,290   580  
Trade payables and other operating liabilities  18,864   7,837   19,706   7,151  
Total  23,309   41,890   24,670   41,251  
             
  

[page 218]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 218 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Financial Liabilities 
The following tables present the changes to financial liabilities in 
fiscal years 2025 and 2024: 
    
 
Liabilities to financial institutions include, among other items, 
collateral received, measured at a fair value of € 12 million (2024: 
€81 million). This collateral relates to amounts pledged by banks 
to limit the utilization of credit lines in connection with the fair 
value measurement of derivative transactions. The other financial 
liabilities include, inter alia, financial guarantees totaling € 7 million 
(2024: €8 million). Also included is collateral received in 
connection with goods and services in the amount of € 10 million 
(2024: € 13 million). E.ON can use this collateral without 
restriction. 
The financial liabilities of innogy recognized at the date of initial 
consolidation were marked to market under IFRS. This market 
value was considerably higher than the nominal value because 
market interest rates had fallen since the bonds were issued. The 
difference between the nominal value and the market value 
calculated during the purchase price allocation totaled 
€1,203 million as of December 31, 2025 (as of December 31, 
2024: € 1,388 million) and will be reversed over the term of each 
bond and recognized as an expense in the financial result (see 
Note 09 →). This difference is not taken into account in the 
economic net debt. 
The E.ON Group’s most important credit arrangements and debt 
issuance programs are described in the following. 
€35 Billion Debt Issuance Program  
A Debt Issuance Program simplifies the flexible issuance of debt 
instruments through public and private placements to investors. 
The Debt Issuance Program of E.ON SE was most recently 
renewed in February 2025, with a total amount of €35 billion. 
E.ON SE plans to renew the program in 2026. 
Financial Liabilities                 
     
Cash- 
effective      Non-cash-effective     
€ in millions  Jan. 1, 2025   Cash flows   
Exchange rate 
differences   
Changes in 
scope of 
consoli- 
dation   
Compound- 
ing effect   Other   Dec. 31, 2025  
Bonds  32,386   347   -141   –    22   -142   32,472  
Commercial paper  220   -93   –    –    –    –    127  
Bank loans/liabilities to banks  1,891   113   29   -133   –    162   2,062  
Lease obligations1  3,191   -421   5   -254   –    551   3,072  
Other financial liabilities  1,376   -491   2   -336   –    214   765  
Financial liabilities  39,064   -545   -105   -723   22   785   38,498  
1For more information see Note 32 →.                  
Financial Liabilities                 
     
Cash- 
effective      Non-cash-effective     
€ in millions  Jan. 1, 2024   Cash flows   
Exchange rate 
differences   
Changes in 
scope of 
consoli- 
dation   
Compound- 
ing effect   Other   Dec. 31, 2024  
Bonds  29,426   2,935   154   –    19   -148   32,386  
Commercial paper  214   6   –    –    –    –    220  
Bank loans/liabilities to banks  1,671   418   -35   –    –    -163   1,891  
Lease obligations1  2,874   -377   -1   2   –    693   3,191  
Other financial liabilities  1,255   19   -2   38   –    66   1,376  
Financial liabilities  35,440   3,001   116   40   19   448   39,064  
1For more information see Note 32 →.                  

[page 219]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 219 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
At year-end 2025, the following benchmark-sized bond issues of 
E.ON SE and E.ON International Finance B.V. were outstanding: 
 
  
Major Bond Issues of E.ON SE and E.ON International Finance B.V.1   
Issuer  
Volume in the respective 
currency   Initial term   Repayment   Coupon  
E.ON SE  EUR 500 million   4 years   Jan 2026   0.125%  
E.ON International Finance B.V.  EUR 500 million   8 years   May 2026   1.625%  
E.ON SE  EUR 750 million   7 years   Oct 2026   0.250%  
E.ON SE  EUR 1,000 million   7.7 years   Sep 2027   0.375%  
E.ON International Finance B.V.  EUR 850 million   10 years   Oct 2027   1.250%  
E.ON SE  EUR 800 million   5 years   Jan 2028   3.500%  
E.ON SE  EUR 500 million   7.8 years   Feb 2028   0.750%  
E.ON SE  EUR 600 million   6 years   Aug 2028   2.875%  
E.ON SE  EUR 600 million   7.9 years   Dec 2028   0.100%  
E.ON SE  EUR 750 million   5.5 years   Mar 2029   3.750%  
E.ON SE  EUR 750 million   12 years   May 2029   1.625%  
E.ON International Finance B.V.  EUR 1,000 million   11.5 years   Jul 2029   1.500%  
E.ON SE  EUR 750 million   10.5 years   Feb 2030   0.350%  
E.ON SE  EUR 750 million   5.5 years   Mar 2030   3.125%  
E.ON International Finance B.V.  GBP 760 million   28.1 years   Jun 2030   6.250%  
E.ON SE  EUR 500 million   10.9 years   Dec 2030   0.750%  
E.ON SE  EUR 750 million   7 years   Jan 2031   3.375%  
E.ON SE  EUR 750 million   9 years   Mar 2031   1.625%  
E.ON SE  EUR 500 million   11.3 years   Aug 2031   0.875%  
1Listing: All bonds ≥ EUR 500 million are listed in Luxembourg with the exception of the Rule 144A/Regulation S USD bond, which is unlisted.  

[page 220]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 220 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
 
Private placements and promissory notes with a total volume of 
approximately €1. 8 billion (2024: €1. 7 billion) were additionally 
outstanding as of December 31, 2025.  
Conclusion of New Syndicated Credit Facility 
In May 2025, E.ON successfully concluded a new syndicated 
credit facility for an amount of €4.7 billion with a term of five years 
and two options to renew the term by in each case for one year. In 
addition, the credit volume can be increased during the contractual 
term by up to one billion euros. The credit facility serves the 
purpose of ensuring the Group’s liquidity. It replaces prematurely 
the previous €3.5 billion syndicated credit facility maturing in 
October 2026. The volume was increased to €4.7 bill ion to 
support E.ON’s organic growth plan. The credit facility was not 
drawn down in the reporting year. 
In addition, bilateral credit facilities in the amount of € 1.0 billion 
(2024: €1.0 billion) , with original maturities of up to 1.5 years 
were in effect as of December 31, 2025. 
€10 Billion and $10 Billion Commercial Paper 
Programs 
The euro commercial paper program for €10 billion allows E.ON SE 
to issue from time to time commercial paper with maturities of up 
to two years minus one day to investors. The US commercial paper 
program for $10 billion allows E.ON SE to issue from time to time 
commercial paper with maturities of up to 366 days to investors. 
As of December 31, 2025, an amount of €0 million was outstanding 
under the euro commercial paper program (2024: € 0 million) and 
an amount equivalent to €127 million (prior year: €221 million ) 
was outstanding under the US commercial paper program. 
Major Bond Issues of E.ON SE and E.ON International Finance B.V.1   
Issuer  
Volume in the respective 
currency   Initial term   Repayment   Coupon  
E.ON International Finance B.V.  EUR 500 million   6 years   Sep 2031   3.000%  
E.ON SE  EUR 500 million   12 years   Nov 2031   0.625%  
E.ON SE  EUR 800 million   8 years   Mar 2032   3.500%  
E.ON International Finance B.V.2  GBP 975 million   30 years   Jun 2032   6.375%  
E.ON SE  EUR 750 million   11.5 years   Oct 2032   0.600%  
E.ON International Finance B.V.  EUR 600 million   30 years   Feb 2033   5.750%  
E.ON SE  EUR 850 million   8.3 years   Apr. 2033   3.500%  
E.ON SE  EUR 750 million   10 years   Aug 2033   4.000%  
E.ON International Finance B.V.  GBP 600 million   22 years   Jan 2034   4.750%  
E.ON SE  EUR 800 million   12.8 years   Oct 2034   0.875%  
E.ON SE  EUR 1,000 million   12 years   Jan 2035   3.875%  
E.ON International Finance B.V.  EUR 600 million   10 years   Sep 2035   3.500%  
E.ON SE  EUR 750 million   12 years   Jan 2036   3.750%  
E.ON International Finance B.V.  GBP 900 million   30 years   Oct 2037   5.875%  
E.ON International Finance B.V.3  USD 1,000 million   30 years   Apr 2038   6.650%  
E.ON SE  EUR 500 million   14 years   Sep 2038   3.875%  
E.ON International Finance B.V.  GBP 700 million   30 years   Jan 2039   6.750%  
E.ON International Finance B.V.  GBP 1,000 million   30 years   Jul 2039   6.125%  
E.ON SE  EUR 900 million   15 years   Jan 2040   4.000%  
E.ON SE  EUR 1,000 million   20 years   Mar 2044   4.125%  
1Listing: All bonds ≥ EUR 500 million are listed in Luxembourg with the exception of the Rule 144A/Regulation S USD bond, which is unlisted.  
2The volume of this issue was raised from originally GBP 850 million to GBP 975 million.            
3Rule 144A/Regulation S bond.            

[page 221]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 221 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The bonds issued by E.ON SE and E.ON International Finance B.V. 
(guaranteed by E.ON SE) have the maturities presented in the table 
below. Liabilities denominated in foreign currency include the 
effects of economic hedges, and the amounts shown here may 
therefore vary from the amounts presented on the balance sheet. 
 
Financial Liabilities by Segment 
The following table breaks down the financial liabilities by segment: 
Financial Liabilities by Segment as of December 31                           
  Bonds   Commercial paper   Bank loans/Liabilities to banks   Lease obligations   Other financial liabilities   Financial liabilities  
€ in millions  2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024  
Energy Networks  –    –    –    –    1,062   1,109   2,488   2,664   296   813   3,846   4,586  
Germany  –    –    –    –    542   571   2,354   2,560   293   811   3,189   3,942  
Sweden  –    –    –    –    –    –    14   15   2   –    16   15  
Central Eastern Europe  –    –    –    –    –    –    86   76   1   2   87   78  
South Eastern Europe  –    –    –    –    520   538   35   13   -1   -1   554   550  
Consolidation  –    –    –    –    –    –    -1   –    1   1   –    1  
Energy Infrastructure Solutions  –    –    –    –    3   9   163   145   22   48   188   202  
Energy Retail  –    –    –    –    984   693   301   279   79   261   1,364   1,233  
Germany  –    –    –    –    88   80   13   21   45   37   146   138  
United Kingdom  –    –    –    –    11   -4   28   28   1   1   40   25  
The Netherlands  –    –    –    –    1   1   108   90   3   4   112   95  
Other  –    –    –    –    884   616   152   140   30   219   1,066   975  
Consolidation  –    –    –    –    –    –    –    –    –    –    –    –   
Corporate Functions/Other  32,472   32,386   127   220   13   80   120   103   368   254   33,100   33,043  
E.ON Group  32,472   32,386   127   220   2,062   1,891   3,072   3,191   765   1,376   38,498   39,064  
 
  
Bonds Issued by E.ON SE and E.ON International Finance B.V.  
€ in millions  Total   2025   2026   2027   
Due between 
2028 and 
2034   
Due after 
2034  
December 31, 2025  31,492   –    1,750   1,850   17,917   9,974  
December 31, 2024  30,920   2,408   1,750   1,850   16,562   8,350  

[page 222]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 222 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Trade Payables and Other Operating 
Liabilities 
Trade payables totaled € 10,583 million as of December 31, 2025 
(2024: €1 0,870 million). 
Capital expenditure grants of € 1,357 million (2024: 
€1,155 million) have not yet been recognized as revenue. As in the 
prior year, the majority of these were government grants, in 
particular for companies of the Energy Networks division. The 
E.ON Group retains ownership of the assets. The grants are non-
refundable and are recognized in other operating income over the 
period of the depreciable lives of the related assets. 
Derivative liabilities totaled € 3,403 million as of December 31, 
2025 (2024: € 4,069 million). Of this amount, € 1,847 million 
(2024: €2,645 million) is attributable to forward commodity 
contracts. The change compared with the previous year is mainly 
due to the market valuation of commodity derivatives. 
Contract liabilities under IFRS 15 in the amount of € 5,179 million 
(2024: €4, 591 million) consist primarily of construction grants 
that were paid by customers for the cost of new gas and electricity 
connections in accordance with the generally binding terms 
governing such new connections. These grants are customary in 
the industry, are usually non-refundable, and are generally 
reversed and recognized as revenue over the regulatory period in 
question. This effect increased revenue by €343 million in 2025 
(2024: €319 million). 
Other operating liabilities consist primarily of other tax liabilities in 
the amount of € 980 million (2024: € 931 million) and interest 
payable in the amount of € 618 million (2024: € 562 million). This 
item also includes other liabilities to our customers from 
overpayments and refund claims of € 1,646 million (2024: 
€1, 676 million) and current personnel liabilities of € 569 million 
(2024: €5 23 million). Also included in other operating liabilities are 
carryforwards of counterparty obligations to acquire additional 
shares in already consolidated subsidiaries as well as non-
controlling interests in fully consolidated partnerships with legal 
structures that give their shareholders a statutory right of 
withdrawal combined with a compensation claim, in the amount of 
€321 million (2024: €3 14 million). 

[page 223]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 223 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
27 Contingent Liabilities and Other Financial Obligations 
As part of its business activities, E.ON is subject to contingent 
liabilities and other financial obligations involving a variety of 
underlying matters. These primarily include guarantees, 
obligations from litigation and claims (as discussed in more detail 
in Note 28 →), short- and long-term contractual, legal and other 
obligations and commitments. 
Contingent Liabilities 
The contingent liabilities of the E.ON Group amounted to 
€0. 2 billion as of December 31, 2025 (December 31, 2024: 
€0. 3 billion) and primarily include contingent liabilities in 
connection with potential long-term environmental remediation 
measures and legal disputes. This value represents the best 
estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present 
obligation as of the reporting date. 
E.ON has also issued direct and indirect guarantees and surety 
bonds to third parties in connection with its own operations or the 
operations of affiliated companies, which may trigger payment 
obligations based on the occurrence of certain events. These 
instruments include both financial guarantees as well as 
operational guarantees, which primarily secure contractual 
obligations as well as benefit obligations for active and former 
employees. 
In addition, E.ON has entered into indemnification agreements, 
which as a rule are incorporated in agreements concerning the 
disposal of shareholdings and, above all, affect the customary 
representations and warranties with relation to liability risks for 
environmental damage and contingent tax risks. In some cases, 
obligations are covered in the first instance by provisions of the 
disposed companies before E.ON itself is required to make any 
payments. Guarantees issued by companies that were later sold by 
E.ON SE or its legal predecessors are usually included in the 
respective final sales contracts in the form of indemnities. 
Moreover, E.ON has commitments under which it assumes joint 
and several liability arising from its interests in civil-law companies 
(“GbR”), non-corporate commercial partnerships and consortia in 
which it participates.  
The guarantees of E.ON also include items related to the operation 
of nuclear power plants. Under the German Nuclear Energy Act 
(“Atomgesetz” or “AtG”) and the ordinance regulating the provision 
for coverage under the Atomgesetz (“Atomrechtliche 
Deckungsvorsorge-Verordnung” or “AtDeckV”) of April 27, 2002, 
German nuclear power plant operators are required to provide 
nuclear accident liability coverage of up to €2.5 billion per incident.  
The coverage requirement is satisfied in part by a standardized 
insurance facility in the amount of €255.6 million. The institution 
Nuklear Haftpflicht Gesellschaft bürgerlichen Rechts (“Nuklear 
Haftpflicht GbR”) now only covers costs between €0.5 million and 
€15 million for claims related to officially ordered evacuation 
measures. Group companies have agreed to place their 
subsidiaries operating nuclear power plants in a position to 
maintain a level of liquidity that will enable them at all times to 
meet their obligations as members of the Nuklear Haftpflicht GbR, 
in proportion to their shareholdings in nuclear power plants. 
To provide liability coverage for the additional €2,244.4 million  per 
incident required by the above-mentioned amendments, E.ON 
Energie AG (“E.ON Energie”) and the other parent companies of 
German nuclear power plant operators reached a Solidarity 
Agreement (“Solidarvereinbarung”) on July 11, July 27, August 21, 
and August 28, 2001, extended by agreement dated March 25, 
April 18, April 28, and June 1, 2011, and with agreement of 
November 17, November 29, December 2, and December 6, 2021. 
If an accident occurs, the Solidarity Agreement calls for the nuclear 
power plant operator liable for the damages to receive— after the 
operator’s own resources and those of its parent companies are 
exhausted— financing sufficient for the operator to meet its 
financial obligations. Under the Solidarity Agreement, E.ON 
Energie’s share of the liability coverage on December 31, 2025, 
was 43.3 percent (prior year: 43.3 percent), plus an additional 5.0 
percent charge for the administrative costs of processing damage 
claims. The contract does not provide for a change in share for the 
2025 calendar year. Sufficient liquidity has been provided for and 
is included within the liquidity plan. 
Furthermore, as of December 31, 2025, E.ON is continuing to 
provide collateral in the amount of € 272.1 million (2024: 
€477.5 million) for the former Group companies transferred to 
RWE which are to be repaid or assumed by RWE Group 
companies. 
Other Financial Obligations 
In addition to provisions and liabilities carried on the balance sheet 
and to reported contingent liabilities, there also are other financial 
obligations arising mainly from contracts entered into with third 
parties, or on the basis of legal requirements. 
As of December 31, 2025, purchase commitments for 
investments in property, plant and equipment amounted to 
€5.3 billion (2024: €4.5 billion). Of these commitments, 
€2.9 billion are due within one year (2024: € 2.6 billion). 
€2.5 billion of the purchase commitment as of December 31, 2025 
(2024: € 2.8 billion) relates to the segments Energy Networks 
Germany and Sweden. 
Additional contractual obligations in place at the E.ON Group as of 
December 31, 2025, relate primarily to the purchase of electricity 
and natural gas. Fixed financial obligations under electricity 

[page 224]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 224 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
purchase contracts amount to € 3.7 billion as of December 31, 
2025 (2024: € 4.0 billion), of which € 2.8 billion (2024: € 2.8 billion) 
is due within one year. Financial obligations under fixed gas 
purchase contracts amount to approximately € 3.3 billion as of 
December 31, 2025 (2024: €3. 2 billion). Of this amount, 
€2. 3 billion (2024: €2 .0 billion) is due within one year. Additional 
fixed purchase commitments as of December 31, 2025, amount to 
€0. 7 billion (2024: €0. 7 billion). They essentially include long-term 
contractual commitments to purchase heat and alternative fuels. 
Of these commitments, €0. 2 billion (2024: €0.2 billion) are due 
within one year. There are also additional purchase commitments 
whose amount is not fixed yet. 
Other financial obligations exist only to an insignificant extent. 
These include capital commitments in connection with joint 
ventures, obligations concerning the acquisition of financial assets, 
and obligations arising from capital measures.

[page 225]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 225 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
28 Litigation and Claims 
A number of different court actions, governmental investigations 
and proceedings, and other claims are currently pending or may be 
instituted or asserted in the future against companies of the E.ON 
Group. This in particular includes an increased number of legal 
actions and proceedings relating to contract amendments and 
price adjustments initiated in response to market upheavals and 
the changed economic and geopolitical situation in the electricity, 
gas and heat sectors (also as a consequence of the energy 
transition and the energy crisis) and concerning price increases and 
anticompetitive practices. The courts and authorities are also 
continuing to subject competitive practices to stricter reviews. 
Where appropriate, Group companies have recognized 
corresponding contingent assets (see Note 17 →), provisions (see 
Note 25 →) or contingent liabilities (see Note 27 →). 
In the Energy Networks business division, Group companies are 
involved in proceedings for the award of concessions and in 
connection with grid connections and the calculation of the grid 
fee. In the regulatory environment, legal disputes are being 
conducted in relation to official regulations, approvals and changes 
in regulatory practice. Of particular note here are effects in 
connection with the regulatory treatment of capital costs, return 
on equity and other key regulatory parameters. The national legal 
framework conditions within Europe are subject to changes, some 
of which have a significant impact on network operations. Owing 
to a number of factors, including regulatory and legal decisions, 
the regulatory framework has increased here. However, these 
regulatory interventions are not restricted to the Energy Networks 
business division; distribution activities in the Energy 
Infrastructure Solutions and Energy Retail business divisions have 
also been affected by regulatory measures. 
There are also legal disputes in connection with completed M&A 
activities, in particular as a result of the acquisition of innogy SE. 
With regard to the latter, all legal actions brought against the 
European Commission’s merger control approval decision were 
dismissed by the European General Court (ECG); the not yet finally 
adjudicated actions are now pending before the Court of Justice of 
the European Union (CJEU) as the court of final appeal. E.ON SE 
intervenes on the side of the European Commission in these 
proceedings.

[page 226]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 226 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
29 Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures 
In the reporting year, E.ON made external payments for additions 
to consolidated equity interests and activities in the amount of 
€10 million (2024: € 46 million). Cash and cash equivalents in the 
amount of € 0 million (2024: €4 million) were also acquired. The 
purchases also resulted in the acquisition of assets in the amount 
of € 31 million and liabilities in the amount of € 10 million. 
The total consideration received by E.ON in the reporting year on 
the disposal of consolidated equity interests and activities 
generated cash inflows of € 93 million (2024: € 0 million). Cash and 
cash equivalents disposed of amounted to € 122 million (2024: 
€0 million). This figure includes cash outflows from the 
deconsolidation of NEW Group. The sale of the consolidated 
activities led to reductions of € 61 million (2024: € 0 million) in 
assets and € 6 million (2024: € 0 million) in provisions and liabilities. 
Cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations 
before interest and taxes of € 9.0 billion was € 1.7 billion above the 
prior-year figure (€ 7.3 billion). 
This development resulted from an increase in the Energy 
Networks division (+€1.7 billion), where the operating cash flow 
before interest and taxes in the Energy Networks Germany 
segment increased (+€0.8 billion) in line with the development of 
adjusted EBITDA, with minor countervailing effects in working 
capital. The operating cash flow before interest and taxes likewise 
increased in the Energy Networks South Eastern Europe segment 
(+€0.5 billion) and in the Energy Networks Central East ern Europe 
segment (+€0.3 billion), with minor reinforcing effects in the 
working capital of both these segments. 
The operating cash flow before interest and taxes of the Energy 
Infrastructure Solutions division rose by €0.2 billion due to the 
non-recurrence of adverse one-time effects from the previous 
year. 
The operating cash flow before interest and taxes of the Energy 
Retail division decreased by €0. 1 billion in line with the 
development of the adjusted EBITDA and the negative effects in 
working capital. 
The operating cash flow before interest and taxes of the Corporate 
Functions/Other division was about the same as in the previous 
year. 
The operating cash flow from continuing operations was also 
influenced by higher interest and tax payments. The higher tax 
payments resulted mainly from the non-recurring effect of tax 
refunds in fiscal year 2024, which did not recur in 2025, and from 
improved earnings contributions. The increase in interest 
payments is attributable to the higher level of economic net debt 
and the refinancing of expired bonds at higher interest rates. 
Cash provided by investing activities of continuing operations of  
-€7.3 billion was €0.7 billion below the prior-year figure of  
-€6.6 billion. This includes cash-effective investments of  
-€8.5 billion (prior year: -€7.5 billion). This development is 
primarily attributable to the planned increase in investments in 
property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets, particularly 
in the German networks business. An opposite effect resulted 
particularly from the net balance of cash inflows and cash 
outflows from securities and initial margins. 
Cash provided by financing activities of continuing operations in 
the amount of -€2.3 billion  was around €3.4 billion  less than the 
prior-year comparison figure of €  1.1 billion. This change resulted 
primarily from the net balance of issuances and redemptions of 
bonds. In the reporting period, fewer bonds were issued than in the 
previous year because E.ON had already begun in the previous 
year to raise funds early to meet its funding needs in 2025 as well. 
In addition, the net balance of cash inflows and cash outflows from 
variation margins in the reporting year led to a reduction of 
financial outflows compared to the previous year. 
Supplemental Information on Cash Flows from Operating 
Activities  
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Income taxes paid (less refunds)  -828   -742  
Interest paid  -1,382   -1,210  
Interest received  180   282  
Dividends received  764   581  

[page 227]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 227 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
30 Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Transactions 
Strategy and Objectives 
E.ON’s policies permit the use of derivatives if they are based on 
underlying assets or liabilities, contractual rights and obligations, 
or planned transactions. 
At the E.ON Group, hedge accounting in accordance with IFRS 9 is 
employed primarily in connection with hedging long-term liabilities 
and future financing via interest-rate derivatives and for hedging 
long-term foreign currency receivables and payables via currency 
derivatives. E.ON also hedges net investments in foreign 
operations against foreign currency risks on a case-by-case basis. 
In the commodity sector, fluctuations in future cash flows from 
procurement and sales transactions are economically hedged by 
offsetting transactions. Hedge accounting was applied in individual 
cases with regard to hedging electricity and gas price change risks. 
To hedge currency risk, E.ON held hedging transactions in the 
reporting year in pounds sterling at an average hedging rate of 
£0.88/€ (2024: £0.90/€) , in US dollars at an average hedging rate 
of US$1.36/€ (2024: US$1.36/€) , and in Swedish krona at an 
average hedging rate of SEK11.02/€ (2024: SEK11.45/€) . 
Hedging transactions were held at an average interest rate of 
3.11 percent (2024: 3.12 percent) to hedge the interest rate risk in 
the eurozone. To hedge commodity price risk, E.ON held hedging 
transactions with an average hedged price of € 26/MWh (2024: 
€37/MWh)  for gas and an average hedged price of € 109/MWh 
(2024: €122/MWh) for electricity.  
 
Fair Value Hedges 
Fair value hedges are used to protect against the risk arising from 
changes in market values. Gains and losses on these hedges are 
generally reported in that line item of the income statement which 
also includes the respective hedged items. 
Cash Flow Hedges 
Cash flow hedges are used to protect against the risk arising from 
variable cash flows. Interest rate swaps and cross-currency 
interest rate swaps are the principal instruments used to limit 
interest rate and currency risks. The purpose of these swaps is to 
maintain the level of payments arising from long-term interest-
bearing receivables and liabilities denominated in foreign currency 
and euros by using cash flow hedge accounting in the functional 
currency of the respective E.ON company. Futures contracts are 
concluded to reduce future cash flow fluctuations arising from 
variable spot prices for commodity transactions. Cash flow hedge 
accounting to hedge the risk of changes in commodity prices 
(electricity and gas) was applied only in individual cases in the 
2025 fiscal year. The following table presents the carrying amounts 
of the hedging instruments and the changes in the fair values of 
the hedging instruments and hedged items by hedged risk type: 
 
The total amount of ineffectiveness for cash flow hedges recorded 
for the year ended December 31, 2025, produced income of 
€5 million (2024: income of € 9 million) mainly resulting from 
exchange rate hedging. 
Gains and losses from the ineffective portions of cash flow hedges 
are classified as other operating income or other operating 
expenses. 
Carrying Amounts of Hedging Instruments and Changes in Fair Value of Hedging Instruments and Hedged Items in Connection with 
Cash Flow Hedges 
  Carrying amount              
  
Receivables from derivative 
financial instruments   
Liabilities from derivative 
financial instruments   
Change in the fair value of the 
designated portion of hedging 
instruments   
Change in the fair value of 
hedged items  
€ in millions  2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024  
Currency risk  212   332   254   212   -162   -12   192   12  
Interest-rate risk  2   –    192   226   36   101   -47   -127  
Commodity price change 
risk  1   15   9   3   -8   13   8   113  

[page 228]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 228 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The development of OCI arising from cash flow hedges, broken 
down by hedged risk type, is as follows: 
 
The negative balance of the OCI arising from cash flow hedges as 
of December 31, 2025, contains € 0.2 billion relating to hedging of 
interest-rate risk (2024: € 0.2 billion). 
Reclassifications recognized in income are generally reported in 
that line item of the income statement which also includes the 
respective hedged item. 
  
Changes in OCI Arising from Cash Flow Hedges   
€ in millions   Total   Currency risk   
Interest-rate 
risk   
Commodity 
price change 
risk  
Balance as of January 1, 2024  -227           
Unrealized changes— hedging reserve  -33   -112   71   8  
Unrealized changes— reserve for hedging costs  27   27   –    –   
Reclassification adjustments recognized in income  -138   -7   -5   -126  
Change in scope of consolidation  1   –    –    –   
Income taxes  47   –    –    –   
Companies accounted for under the equity method  24   –    –    –   
Balance as of December 31, 20241  -299           
Balance as of January 1, 2025  -299           
Unrealized changes— hedging reserve  -132   -120   -1   -11  
Unrealized changes— reserve for hedging costs  -16   -16   –    –   
Reclassification adjustments recognized in income  155   172   44   -61  
Change in scope of consolidation  –    –    –    –   
Income taxes  -7   –    –    –   
Companies accounted for under the equity method  16   –    –    –   
Balance as of December 31, 20251  -283   –    –    –   
1As of December 31, 2025, includes -€214 million (2024: - €206 million) from terminated cash flow hedges.         

[page 229]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 229 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The nominal volume of the hedging instruments is presented in the 
following table: 
    
 
Net Investment Hedges 
The Company uses foreign currency forwards, foreign currency 
swaps and foreign currency loans to protect the value of its net 
investments in its foreign operations denominated in foreign 
currency. 
The carrying amount of the assets used as hedging instruments as 
of December 31, 2025, was € 1 million (2024: € 19 million) and the 
carrying amount of the liabilities used as hedging instruments was 
€1,187 million (2024: €1, 208 million). The fair values of the 
designated portion of the hedging instruments changed by  
-€143 million in the reporting period (2024: +€40 million). 
As in the previous year, no ineffectiveness resulted from net 
investment hedges in 2025. 
The development of OCI arising from net investment hedges is as 
follows: 
 
 
 
  
Changes in OCI Arising from Net Investment Hedges  
€ in millions   Currency risk  
Balance as of January 1, 2024  266  
Unrealized changes— hedging reserve  40  
Unrealized changes— reserve for hedging costs  –   
Reclassification adjustments recognized in income  –   
Change in scope of consolidation  –   
Income taxes  -12  
Balance as of December 31, 20241  294  
Balance as of January 1, 2025  294  
Unrealized changes— hedging reserve  -144  
Unrealized changes— reserve for hedging costs  –   
Reclassification adjustments recognized in income  –   
Change in scope of consolidation  –   
Income taxes  27  
Balance as of December 31, 20251  177  
    
1As of December 31, 2025, includes -€71 million (2024: -€71 million) from terminated net 
investment hedges.  
 
As a rule, reclassification adjustments recognized in income are 
reported under other operating income and expenses. The nominal 
volume of hedging instruments in net investment hedges amounted 
to €4,736 million as of December 31, 2025 (2024: €4,668 million). 
Since the currency risk of net investment hedges is hedged through 
the ongoing rollover of the hedging instruments, the majority are 
concluded with a remaining term of less than one year. 
Valuation of Derivative Instruments 
The fair value of derivative financial instruments depends on 
movements in underlying market factors. The Company assesses 
and monitors the fair value of derivative instruments on a periodic 
basis. The fair value to be determined for each derivative 
instrument is the price that would be received to sell an asset or 
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market 
participants on the measurement date (exit price). E.ON also takes 
into account the counterparty credit risk for both own credit risk 
(debt value adjustment) and the risk of the corresponding 
counterparty (credit value adjustment) when determining fair 
value. The fair values of derivative instruments are calculated 
using common market valuation methods with reference to 
available market data on the measurement date. 
Nominal Values of Hedging Instruments in Connection with Cash Flow Hedges (Fiscal Year) 
  Maturity   Total  
€ in millions  < 1 year   1– 5 years   > 5 years   2025  
Currency risk  65   1,098   1,789   2,952  
Interest-rate risk  –    1,500   1,602   3,102  
Commodity price change risk  124   4   –    127  
Nominal Values of Hedging Instruments in Connection with Cash Flow Hedges (Prior Year) 
  Maturity   Total  
€ in millions  < 1 year   1– 5 years   > 5 years   2024  
Currency risk  225   213   2,473   2,911  
Interest-rate risk  –    1,500   1,500   3,000  
Commodity price change risk  226   6   –    232  

[page 230]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 230 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The following is a summary of the methods and assumptions for 
the valuation of utilized derivative financial instruments in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements: 
• Currency, electricity and gas forward contracts, swaps, and 
emissions-related derivatives are valued separately at their 
forward rates and prices as of the balance sheet date. Whenever 
possible, forward rates and prices are based on market 
quotations, with any applicable forward premiums and 
discounts taken into consideration. 
• Market prices for commodity options are valued using standard 
option pricing models commonly used in the market. 
• The fair values of existing instruments to hedge interest risk are 
determined by discounting future cash flows using market 
interest rates over the remaining term of the instrument. 
Present values are determined for interest rate, currency and 
cross-currency interest rate swaps for each individual 
transaction as of the balance sheet date. Interest income and 
expenses are recognized in income at the date of payment or 
accrual. 
• Equity forwards are valued on the basis of the stock prices of the 
underlying equities, taking into consideration any timing 
components. 
• Exchange-traded futures and option contracts are valued 
individually at daily settlement prices determined on the futures 
markets that are published by their respective clearing houses. 
Paid initial margins are disclosed under other assets. Variation 
margins received or paid during the term of such contracts are 
stated under other liabilities or other assets, respectively, unless 
they are offset against the recognized market values of the 
commodity derivatives, as the offsetting criteria of IAS 32.42 
are met. 
• Certain long-term energy contracts are valued with the aid of 
valuation models that use internal data if market prices are not 
available.

[page 231]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 231 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
31 Additional Disclosures on Financial Instruments 
The carrying amounts of the financial instruments, their grouping 
into IFRS 9 measurement categories, their fair values and their 
measurement sources by class are presented in the following 
table: 
  

[page 232]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 232 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
   
Carrying Amounts, Fair Values and Measurement Categories by Class within the Scope of IFRS 7 as of December 31, 2025      
€ in millions   Carrying amounts   
Carrying amounts 
within the scope of 
IFRS 7   
Measurement 
categories 
under IFRS 91   Fair value   
Determined using 
market prices 
(Level 1)   
Derived from active 
market prices 
(Level 2)   
Determined by 
valuation methods 
(Level 3)  
Equity investments  2,802   440   FVPL   440   126   8   306  
Financial receivables and other financial assets   1,683   905                 
Receivables from finance leases  272   272   n/a   272           
Other financial receivables and financial assets   1,411   633      633           
     256   AmC   256   –    25   231  
     377   FVPL   377   –    –    377  
Trade receivables and other operating assets   18,579   12,426                 
Trade receivables  9,510   9,340   AmC              
Derivatives with no hedging relationships  2,158   2,158   FVPL   2,158   7   1,653   498  
Derivatives with hedging relationships  216   216   n/a   216   –    216   –   
Other operating assets  6,695   712   AmC   762   –    290   472  
Securities and fixed-term deposits  1,361   1,361      1,361   596   765   –   
     851   FVPL   851   596   255   –   
     510   FVOCI   510      510   –   
Cash and cash equivalents  3,042   3,042   –               
        FVPL      –    –    –   
     3,042   AmC              
Restricted liquid funds  535   535   AmC              
Assets held for sale  –    –       –    –    –    –   
     –    AmC   –    –    –    –   
     –    FVPL   –    –    –    –   
Total assets  28,002   18,709                 
Financial liabilities  38,498   38,139                 
Bonds  32,472   32,472   AmC   31,829   30,760   1,069   –   
Commercial paper  127   127   AmC   127   –    127   –   
Bank loans/liabilities to banks  2,062   2,062   AmC   2,062   –    650   1,412  
Lease liabilities  3,072   3,023   n/a   2,807           
Other financial liabilities  765   455   AmC   451   –    96   355  
Trade payables and other operating liabilities   26,700   16,850                 
Trade payables  10,583   10,468   AmC              
Derivatives with no hedging relationships  1,761   1,761   FVPL   1,761   12   1,219   530  
Derivatives with hedging relationships  1,642   1,642   n/a   1,642   –    1,642   –   
Liabilities related to IAS 322  321   321   AmC   321   –    –    321  
Other operating liabilities  12,393   2,657   AmC   2,664   –    1,263   1,401  
Liabilities associated with assets held for sale   43   24                 
     24   AmC   17   –    17   –   
     –    FVPL   –    –    –    –   
Total liabilities  65,241   55,013                 
                      
1FVPL: Fair Value through P&L; FVOCI: Fair Value through OCI; AmC: Amortized Cost. The measurement categories are described in detail in Note 01 →.  
2The liabilities from put options include counterparty obligations and non-controlling interests in fully consolidated partnerships (see Note 26 →).           

[page 233]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 233 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Carrying Amounts, Fair Values and Measurement Categories by Class within the Scope of IFRS 7 as of December 31, 2024      
€ in millions   Carrying amounts   
Carrying amounts 
within the scope of 
IFRS 7   
Measurement 
categories 
under IFRS 91   Fair value   
Determined using 
market prices 
(Level 1)   
Derived from active 
market prices 
(Level 2)   
Determined by 
valuation methods 
(Level 3)  
Equity investments  2,752   509   FVPL   509   60   2   447  
Financial receivables and other financial assets   1,650   714                  
Receivables from finance leases  242   242   n/a   242           
Other financial receivables and financial assets   1,408   472       469           
     393   AmC   390      161   229  
     79   FVPL   79   –    –    79  
Trade receivables and other operating assets   19,371   14,081                  
Trade receivables  9,318   9,226   AmC              
Derivatives with no hedging relationships  3,909   3,908   FVPL   3,908   39   3,387   482  
Derivatives with hedging relationships  366   366   n/a   366   –    366   –   
Other operating assets  5,778   581   AmC   619   –    225   394  
Securities and fixed-term deposits  2,142   2,142       2,142   1,069   1,073   –   
     1,541   FVPL   1,541   1,069   472   –   
     601   FVOCI   601      601   –   
Cash and cash equivalents  5,746   5,746                  
     382   FVPL   382   –    382   –   
     5,364   AmC              
Restricted liquid funds  255   255   AmC              
Assets held for sale  697   502                  
     501   AmC   501      501     
     1   FVPL   1   –    1   –   
Total assets  32,613   23,949                  
Financial liabilities  39,064   38,484                  
Bonds  32,386   32,386   AmC   30,735   29,117   1,618   –   
Commercial paper  220   220   AmC   220   –    220   –   
Bank loans/liabilities to banks  1,891   1,891   AmC   1,837   –    628   1,209  
Lease liabilities  3,191   3,140   n/a   3,108           
Other financial liabilities  1,376   847   AmC   836   –    -24   860  
Trade payables and other operating liabilities   26,856   17,932                  
Trade payables  10,870   10,742   AmC              
Derivatives with no hedging relationships  2,420   2,420   FVPL   2,420   4   1,922   494  
Derivatives with hedging relationships  1,649   1,649   n/a   1,649   –    1,649   –   
Liabilities related to IAS 322  314   314   AmC   312   –    –    312  
Other operating liabilities  11,603   2,807   AmC   2,368   –    1,309   1,059  
Liabilities associated with assets held for sale   400   348                  
     348   AmC   348      348     
     –    FVPL   –    –    –    –   
Total liabilities  66,320   56,764                  
                      
1FVPL: Fair Value through P&L; FVOCI: Fair Value through OCI; AmC: Amortized Cost. The measurement categories are described in detail in Note 01 →.   
2The liabilities from put options include counterparty obligations and non-controlling interests in fully consolidated partnerships (see Note 26 →).      
            

[page 234]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 234 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents and of trade 
receivables and trade payables are considered reasonable 
estimates of their fair values because of their short maturity. 
Where the fair value of a financial instrument can be derived from 
an active market without the need for an adjustment, that value is 
used as the fair value. This applies in particular to equities held and 
to bonds held and issued. 
The fair value of shareholdings in unlisted companies and of debt 
instruments that are not actively traded, such as loans received, 
loans granted and financial liabilities, is determined by discounting 
future cash flows. Any necessary discounting takes place using 
current market interest rates over the remaining terms of the 
financial instruments. The additions of financial receivables and 
other financial assets are mainly attributable to the claims to 
compensation payments resulting from the conclusion of external 
profit transfer agreements. The determination of the fair value of 
derivative financial instruments is discussed in Note 30 →. 
At the end of each reporting period, E.ON assesses whether there 
might be reasons for reclassification between hierarchy levels. In 
2025, there was no reclassification between hierarchy level 1 to 
hierarchy level 2. The input parameters of Level 3 of the fair value 
hierarchy for equity investments are specified taking into account 
economic developments and available industry and corporate data 
(see also Note 01 →). A hypothetical change of +10 percent or -10 
percent in these key internal valuation parameters as of the 
balance sheet date would lead to a theoretical increase in the 
market values of € 24 million (2024: €31 million) or a decrease of 
€24 million (2024: €31 million) , respectively. Certain long-term 
energy contracts are measured using valuation models based on 
internal fundamental data if market prices are not available. A 
hypothetical change of ±10 percent in the internal valuation 
parameters as of the balance sheet date would result in a 
theoretical increase in fair values of € 14 million (2024: €7 million) 
or a decrease of €15 million (2024: €9 million) . A change of +10 
percent or -10 percent in the key internal valuation parameters of 
financial receivables and other financial assets as of the balance 
sheet date would result in a theoretical increase in fair values of 
€14 million  (2024: €1 million) or a decrease of €15 million (2024: 
€2 million) . The fair values determined using valuation techniques 
for financial instruments carried at fair value are reconciled as 
shown in the following table: 
 
  
Fair Value Hierarchy Level 3 Reconciliation                          
                    Transfers        
€ in millions  Jan. 1, 2025   
Purchases 
(including 
additions)   
Sales 
(including 
disposals)   Settlements   
realized 
gains/losses   
unrealized 
gains/losses   
into 
Level 3   
out of 
Level 3   
Exchange rate 
differences   Dec. 31, 2025  
Equity investments  448   8   -101   –    -41   –    –    –    -8   306  
Derivative financial instruments  -12   -25   –    –    4   –    –    –    –    -33  
Financial receivables and other financial assets  80   301   –    -10   7   –    –    –    –    378  
Total  516   284   -101   -10   -30   –    –    –    -8   651  

[page 235]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 235 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The extent to which the offsetting of financial assets and financial 
liabilities is covered by netting agreements is presented in the 
following tables. 
Compulsory netting is carried out if the netting criteria pursuant to 
IAS 32.42 are met cumulatively.  
Transactions and business relationships resulting in the financial 
assets and liabilities presented are regularly concluded on the basis 
of standard contracts that permit the conditional netting of open 
transactions in the event that a counterparty becomes insolvent. If 
there is also currently a legal right to set off and the intention is to 
settle on a net basis, offsetting is mandatory in accordance with 
IAS 32. 
The netting agreements are derived from netting clauses 
contained in master agreements including those of the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA), the 
German Master Agreement for Financial Derivatives Transactions 
(DRV), the European Federation of Energy Traders (EFET) and the 
Financial Energy Master Agreement (FEMA). 
Collateral pledged to and received from financial institutions in 
relation to these liabilities and assets limits the utilization of credit 
lines in the fair value measurement of interest rate and currency 
derivatives, and is shown in the table. 
    
 
  
Netting Agreements for Financial Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2025  
€ in millions   Gross amount   Amount offset   
Carrying 
amount   
Conditional 
netting 
amount 
(netting 
agreements)   
Financial 
collateral 
received/ 
pledged   Net value  
Financial assets                   
Trade receivables  10,595   1,153   9,442   83   31   9,328  
Commodity derivatives  1,302   –    1,302   517   1   784  
Interest-rate and currency derivatives  1,072   –    1,072   –    12   1,060  
Total  12,969   1,153   11,816   600   44   11,172  
Financial liabilities                   
Trade payables  11,735   1,153   10,583   141   25   10,417  
Commodity derivatives  1,847   –    1,847   459   –    1,388  
Interest-rate and currency derivatives  1,556   –    1,556   –    484   1,072  
Total  15,138   1,153   13,986   600   509   12,877  
Netting Agreements for Financial Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2024  
€ in millions   Gross amount   Amount offset   
Carrying 
amount   
Conditional 
netting 
amount 
(netting 
agreements)   
Financial 
collateral 
received/ 
pledged   Net value  
Financial assets                   
Trade receivables  10,650   1,425   9,225   138   2   9,085  
Commodity derivatives  2,955   –    2,955   1,542   –    1,413  
Interest-rate and currency derivatives  1,320   –    1,320   –    81   1,239  
Total  14,925   1,425   13,500   1,680   83   11,737  
Financial liabilities                   
Trade payables  12,295   1,425   10,870   541   –    10,329  
Commodity derivatives  2,645   –    2,645   1,139   –    1,506  
Interest-rate and currency derivatives  1,424   –    1,424   –    197   1,227  
Total  16,364   1,425   14,939   1,680   197   13,062  

[page 236]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 236 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The following two tables illustrate the contractually agreed 
(undiscounted) cash outflows arising from the liabilities included in 
the scope of IFRS 7: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
  
Cash Flow Analysis as of December 31, 2025   
€ in millions   
Cash outflows 
2026   
Cash outflows 
2027   
Cash outflows 
2028– 2030   
Cash outflows 
from  2031  
Bonds  2,760   2,863   11,057   25,014  
Commercial paper  127   –    –    –   
Bank loans/liabilities to banks  1,569   52   121   422  
Lease liabilities  676   528   1,286   1,779  
Other financial liabilities  867   39   67   116  
Financial guarantees  –    –    –    7  
Cash outflows for financial liabilities  5,999   3,482   12,531   27,338  
Trade payables  10,573   –    –    –   
Derivatives (with/without hedging relationships)  10,489   1,269   9,849   7,465  
Put option liabilities under IAS 32  60   15   181   87  
Other operating liabilities  2,737   11   38   54  
Cash outflows for trade payables and other operating liabilities  23,859   1,295   10,068   7,606  
Cash outflows for liabilities within the scope of IFRS 7  29,858   4,777   22,599   34,944  
Cash Flow Analysis as of December 31, 2024   
€ in millions   
Cash outflows 
2025   
Cash outflows 
2026   
Cash outflows 
2027– 2029   
Cash outflows 
from 2030  
Bonds  3,339   2,664   9,661   25,729  
Commercial paper  220   –    –    –   
Bank loans/liabilities to banks  852   564   149   453  
Lease liabilities  636   499   1,300   1,965  
Other financial liabilities  1,269   98   220   26  
Financial guarantees  1   –    –    7  
Cash outflows for financial liabilities  6,317   3,825   11,330   28,180  
Trade payables  10,938   –    –    –   
Derivatives (with/without hedging relationships)  9,793   2,237   3,910   8,222  
Put option liabilities under IAS 32  58   15   198   84  
Other operating liabilities  3,206   52   41   70  
Cash outflows for trade payables and other operating liabilities  23,995   2,304   4,149   8,376  
Cash outflows for liabilities within the scope of IFRS 7  30,312   6,129   15,479   36,556  

[page 237]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 237 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Financial guarantees with a total nominal volume of € 27 million 
(2024: € 21 million) were issued to companies outside of the 
Group. This amount is the maximum amount that E.ON would 
have to pay in the event of claims on the guarantees. E.ON has 
recognized a liability for this in the amount of €8 million (202 4: 
€8 million). 
For financial liabilities that bear floating interest rates, the rates 
that were fixed on the balance sheet date are used to calculate 
future interest payments for subsequent periods as well. Financial 
liabilities that can be terminated at any time are assigned to the 
earliest maturity band in the same way as put options that are 
exercisable at any time. 
In gross-settled derivatives (usually currency derivatives and 
commodity derivatives), outflows are accompanied by related 
inflows of funds or commodities. 
The net gains and losses from financial instruments by IFRS 9 
category are shown in the following table: 
Net Gains and Losses by Category  
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Financial assets Amortized Cost  -334   -339  
Financial liabilities Amortized Cost  -620   -1,132  
Fair Value through P&L  -2,213   529  
Fair Value through OCI  10   35  
Total  -3,157   -907  
 
The net result of the category fair value through OCI results in 
particular from currency translation effects, interest results and 
income from the sale of fair value through OCI securities. 
In addition to impairments of financial assets, net gains and losses 
in the amortized cost category are due primarily to interest income 
or expenses  from financial assets and liabilities and effects from 
the currency translation of financial liabilities. 
The net gains and losses in the fair value through profit or loss 
measurement category encompass both the changes in fair value 
from derivative financial instruments and from equity instruments, 
and gains and losses on realization. The decrease in net results was 
due in particular to lower income from financial derivatives. 
Impairments of Financial Assets 
Impairment losses on financial assets must be recognized not only 
for losses already incurred but also for expected future credit 
losses. E.ON takes into account expected future credit losses of 
financial assets carried at amortized cost, financial assets 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, and 
receivables from finance leases. 
For trade receivables, expected credit losses are recognized over 
their entire residual term using the simplified method (lifetime 
expected credit loss (ECL) trade receivables). For other financial 
assets, E.ON first determines the credit loss expected within the 
first 12 months (stage 1— 12 month ECL). In derogation of this, in 
the event of a significant increase in the default risk, the expected 
credit loss over the entire residual term of the respective 
instrument is recognized (stage 2— lifetime ECL). Whether the 
default risk has increased significantly depends largely on the 
counterparty risk as calculated internally on initial recognition. 
E.ON uses an 18-point internal rating scale to monitor 
counterparty risk. A significant increase in the default risk is 
assumed at the earliest after a three-level decline in the rating 
(since initial recognition). If there are objective indications of an 
actual default, an individual impairment loss must be recognized 
on the income statement (stage 3— losses already incurred). 
E.ON distinguishes between two approaches when calculating 
expected future credit losses. If external or internal rating 
information is available, the expected credit loss for trade 
receivables and other financial assets is determined on the basis of 
this data. If no rating information is available, E.ON determines 
default ratios for trade receivables on the basis of historical default 
rates, taking into account forward-looking information on 
economic developments. In the E.ON Group, a default or the 
classification of a receivable as uncollectable is assumed after 180, 
270 or 360 days, depending on the region. 
In 2025, valuation allowances for trade receivables changed as 
shown in the following table: 
Valuation Allowances for Trade Receivables  
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Balance as of January 1  -2,499   -2,491  
Disposals  437   595  
Impairments  -473   -539  
Other1  69   -64  
Balance as of December 31  -2,466   -2,499  
1The item "Other" includes currency translation differences.    
 
There were no significant changes in valuation allowances for 
other financial assets measured at amortized cost or at fair value 
through other comprehensive income, or for receivables from 
finance leases in 2025. 

[page 238]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 238 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The default risks for financial assets for which rating information is 
available can be found in the following table for each rating grade 
and separately according to the stages of impairment existing in 
2025: 
 
The default risks for trade receivables for which no rating 
information is available and the amount of expected credit losses 
over the remaining term are shown in the following matrix for each 
maturity class: 
 
Credit Risk Exposure for Financial Assets for Which Rating Information is Available  
  Stage 1 financial assets   Trade receivables  
€ in millions  2025   2024   2025   2024  
Gross carrying amount investment grade  3,991   6,498   1,080   1,323  
Gross carrying amount non-investment grade  48   14   629   630  
Gross carrying amount default grade  –    –    190   252  
Total  4,039   6,512   1,899   2,205  
Credit Risk Exposure for Trade Receivables for Which No Rating Information is Available  
  Gross carrying amount   Lifetime ECL  
€ in millions  2025   2024   2025   2024  
Not past due  5,126   4,879   95   95  
Past due by  4,373   4,190   2,185   2,180  
up to 30 days  805   761   63   57  
31 to 60 days  304   315   43   48  
61 to 90 days  190   269   42   49  
91 to 180 days  451   447   143   147  
more than 180 days incl. specific valuation allowances  2,624   2,399   1,893   1,879  
Total  9,499   9,069   2,280   2,275  

[page 239]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 239 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Risk Management 
Principles 
The prescribed processes, responsibilities and actions concerning 
financial and risk management are described in detail in internal 
risk management guidelines applicable throughout the Group. The 
units have developed additional guidelines of their own within the 
confines of the Group’s overall guidelines. To ensure efficient risk 
management at the E.ON Group, the Trading (Front Office), 
Finance Controlling (Middle Office) and Financial Settlement (Back 
Office) departments are organized as strictly separate units. Risk 
steering and reporting in the areas of interest rates, currencies and 
credit for banks and liquidity management is performed by the 
Finance Controlling department (in the credit area, also in part by 
Counterparty Risk Management), while risk steering and reporting 
in the area of commodities and in the credit area for industrial 
enterprises is performed at Group level by a separate department. 
E.ON uses a Group-wide treasury, risk management and reporting 
system. This system is a standard information technology solution 
that is fully integrated and is continuously updated. The system is 
designed to provide for the analysis and monitoring of the E.ON 
Group’s exposure to liquidity, foreign exchange and interest risks. 
On a Group-wide basis, Finance Controlling/Counterparty Risk 
Management monitors and steers credit risks for banks, and 
Counterparty Risk Management monitors and steers corporates of 
a certain materiality. These activities are each carried out using a 
standard software package. 
Separate Risk Committees/Steering Groups are responsible for the 
maintenance and further development of the strategy set by the 
Management Board of E.ON SE with regard to commodity, 
treasury and credit risk management policies. 
1. Liquidity Management 
The primary objectives of liquidity management at E.ON consist of 
ensuring the ability to pay at all times, the timely satisfaction of 
contractual payment obligations and the optimization of costs 
within the E.ON Group. 
Cash pooling and external financing are largely centralized at E.ON 
SE and certain financing companies. Funds are provided to the 
other Group companies as needed on the basis of an “in-house 
banking” solution. 
E.ON SE determines the Group’s financing requirements on the 
basis of short- and medium-term liquidity planning. The financing 
of the Group is controlled and implemented on a forward-looking 
basis in accordance with the planned liquidity requirement or 
surplus. Relevant planning factors taken into consideration include 
operating cash flow, capital expenditures, divestments, margin 
payments and the maturity of bonds and commercial paper. 
2. Price Risks 
In the normal course of business, the E.ON Group is exposed to 
risks arising from price changes in foreign exchange, interest rates, 
commodities and asset management. These risks create volatility 
in earnings, equity, debt and cash flows from period to period. 
E.ON has developed a variety of strategies to limit or eliminate 
these risks, including the use of derivative financial instruments, 
among others. 
3. Credit Risks 
E.ON is exposed to credit risk in its operating activities and through 
the use of financial instruments. Uniform credit risk management 
procedures are in place throughout the Group to identify, measure 
and steer credit risks. 
The following discussion of E.ON’s risk management activities and 
the estimated amounts generated from value-at-risk (“VaR”) and 
sensitivity analyses are “forward-looking statements” that involve 
risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from 
those projected due to actual, unforeseeable developments in the 
global financial markets. The methods used by the Company to 
analyze risks should not be considered forecasts of future events 
or losses. For example, E.ON faces certain risks that are either non-
financial or non-quantifiable. Such risks principally include country 
risk, operational risk, regulatory risk and legal risk, which are not 
represented in the following analyses. 
Foreign Exchange Risk Management 
E.ON SE is responsible for steering the currency risks to which the 
E.ON Group is exposed. 
Because it holds interests in businesses outside of the eurozone, 
currency translation risks arise within the E.ON Group. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates produce accounting effects 
attributable to the translation of the balance sheet and income 
statement items of the foreign consolidated Group companies 
included in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Translation 
risks are hedged through borrowing in the corresponding local 
currency, which may also include shareholder loans in foreign 
currency. In addition, derivative financial instruments are 
employed as needed. The hedges qualify for hedge accounting 
under IFRS as hedges of net investments in foreign operations. The 
Group’s translation risks are reviewed at regular intervals and the 
level of hedging is adjusted whenever necessary. The respective 
debt factor, net assets and the enterprise value denominated in the 
foreign currency are the principal criteria governing the level of 
hedging. 
The E.ON Group is also exposed to operating and financial 
transaction risks attributable to foreign currency transactions. The 
subsidiaries are responsible for managing their operating currency 
risks and are generally required to hedge their currency risks 
through E.ON SE. E.ON SE coordinates hedging throughout the 
Group companies and makes use of external derivatives as needed. 
It may either directly close out foreign currency positions that have 
been tendered, in whole or in part, through external transactions, 
or keep the position open within approved limits. The one-day 
value-at-risk (95 percent confidence) for transactional foreign 
currency positions totaled €0. 1 million as of December 31, 2025 
(2024: €0. 3 million) and is mainly determined by the currencies 
Danish krone, Polish zloty, and British pound. 

[page 240]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 240 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Financial transaction risks result from payments originating from 
financial receivables and payables. They are generated both by 
external financing in a variety of foreign currencies, and by 
shareholder loans from within the Group denominated in foreign 
currency. Financial transaction risks are generally hedged. 
Interest Rate Risk Management 
E.ON is exposed to profit risks arising from floating-rate financial 
liabilities and future (re)financing needs. Positions based on fixed 
interest rates, on the other hand, are subject to changes in fair 
value resulting from the volatility of market interest rates. E.ON 
seeks a balanced maturity profile. This is influenced, among other 
factors, by the type of business model, existing liabilities as well as 
the regulatory framework in which E.ON operates. Interest rate 
derivatives are also used to manage interest rate risk. 
With interest rate derivatives and cash on hand included, the share 
of capital market debt with floating interest rates or with 
maturities of less than 12 months was 0 percent as of December 
31, 2025 (2024: 0 percent). The volume-weighted average 
interest rate of the capital market debt, including interest rate 
derivatives, was 3.2 percent as of December 31, 2025 (2024: 3.0 
percent). 
As of December 31, 2025, the E.ON Group held interest rate 
derivatives with a nominal value of € 3,123 million (2024: 
€3, 872 million). 
A sensitivity analysis was performed on the Group’s floating-rate 
borrowings and planned financing, including interest rate risk 
hedges. This measure is used for internal risk controlling and 
reflects the economic position of the E.ON Group. A one-
percentage-point upward or downward change in interest rates 
(across all currencies) would raise or lower interest charges by 
±€30 million (2024: ±€ 23 million) in the subsequent fiscal year. 
Commodity Price Risk Management 
The E.ON portfolio of physical assets, long-term contracts and 
end-customer sales is exposed to substantial risks from 
fluctuations in commodity prices. The principal commodity prices 
to which E.ON is exposed relate, in particular, to electricity, gas, 
guarantees of origin, and emissions certificates. 
The objective of commodity risk management is to transact 
through physical and financial contracts to optimize the value of 
the portfolio while reducing the potential negative deviation from 
target EBITDA and OCF. 
In the normal course of business of the underlying energy 
production and retail sales activities, E.ON’s individual 
management units are exposed to uncertain commodity market 
prices, which impacts operating results. The external trading on 
commodity markets contributes to reducing open commodity 
positions driven by sales and is undertaken in strict accordance 
with approved commodity hedging strategies. 
A small number of proprietary trading transactions are entered 
into in separate trading books, which are subject to strict 
monitoring and limits based on risk metrics and governance. The 
processes and operational management models within the trading 
system are monitored by the local market risk teams and centrally 
managed by the Risk Management department. 
The subsidiary, E.ON Energy Markets GmbH (EEM), acts as a 
central interface to the wholesale markets. The main function of 
EEM is to consolidate and optimize E.ON’s commodity positions, to 
reduce price risks from the distribution business and to diversify 
and reduce credit and margin risks. 
As of December 31, 2025, the E.ON Group primarily held 
electricity and gas derivatives with a nominal value of 
€42,029 million (2024: €49,242 million). Electricity derivatives 
account for € 13,147 million (2024: € 15,398 million) of this 
amount and gas derivatives for € 28,608 million (2024: € 33,692 
million). 
A key foundation of the commodity risk management system is 
the Group-wide Commodity Risk Policy and the corresponding 
internal policies of the units. These specify the control principles 
for commodity risk management, minimum required standards 
and clear management and operational responsibilities. 
Commodity exposures and risks are reported across the Group on 
a quarterly basis to the members of the Risk Committee.  
A hypothetical change in market prices at the reporting date of 
+10 percent or -10 percent would result in a theoretical increase in 
fair value and recognition in income in the amount of €637 million, 
or a decrease in fair value and recognition in expense in the 
amount of €638 million for the electricity derivatives (2024: 
recognition in income of €7 51 million or recognition in expense of 
€771 million). A corresponding hypothetical change would result 
in a theoretical increase in fair value and recognition in income in 
the amount of €171 million  or a decrease in fair value and 
recognition in expense in the amount of €172 million  for gas 
derivatives (2024: recognition in income of €376 million or 
recognition in expense of €376 million ). For electricity derivatives 
subject to hedge accounting a hypothetical change in market 
prices of +10 percent or -10 percent would result in a theoretical 
increase in fair value and recognition in income in the amount of 
€2 million (2024: €8 million) through OCI , or a decrease in fair 
value and recognition in expense in the amount of € 2 million 
(2024: €7 million) through OCI . For gas derivatives subject to 
hedge accounting a hypothetical change in market prices of +10 
percent or -10 percent would result in a theoretical increase in fair 
value and recognition in income in the amount of € 6 million (2024: 
€5 million) through OCI , or a decrease in fair value and recognition 
in expense in the amount of € 6 million (2024: €5 million) through 
OCI. 

[page 241]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 241 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Credit Risk Management 
In order to minimize credit risk arising from operating activities and 
from the use of financial instruments, the Company enters into 
transactions only with counterparties that satisfy the Company’s 
internally established minimum requirements. Maximum credit 
risk is confined by credit limits based on internal and (where 
available) external credit ratings. The setting and monitoring of 
credit limits is subject to certain minimum requirements, which are 
based on Group-wide credit risk management guidelines. Long-
term operating contracts and asset management transactions are 
not comprehensively included in this process. They are monitored 
separately at the level of the responsible units. 
In principle, each Group company is responsible for managing 
credit risk in its operating activities. Depending on the nature of 
the operating activities and the level of credit risk, additional credit 
risk monitoring and controls are performed both by the units and 
by Corporate Headquarters. Regular reports on credit limits, 
including their utilization, are submitted to the Risk Committee. 
Intensive, standardized monitoring of quantitative and qualitative 
early-warning indicators, as well as close monitoring of the credit 
quality of counterparties, enable E.ON to act early in order to 
minimize risk. 
To the extent possible, collateral is negotiated with counterparties 
for the purpose of reducing credit risk. Accepted as collateral are 
primarily guarantees issued by the respective parent companies, 
letters of comfort or evidence of profit and loss transfer 
agreements in combination with letters of awareness. To a lesser 
extent, the Company also requires bank guarantees and deposits 
of cash and securities as collateral to reduce credit risk. Risk 
management collateral in the forms mentioned above totaling 
€6.0 billion (2024: € 4.7 billion) was used for setting limits. The 
continued, comparatively stable price level in the wholesale 
markets throughout 2025 has meant that the collateral amounts 
to be accounted for and considered have been relatively stable. 
Derivative transactions are generally executed on the basis of 
standard agreements that allow for the netting of all open 
transactions with individual counterparties. To further reduce 
credit risk, bilateral margining agreements are entered into with 
selected banks. Limits, which are regularly monitored, are imposed 
on the credit and liquidity risk resulting from bilateral margining 
agreements and exchange clearing. The systematic management 
of liquidity risk remains an important component of risk 
management at E.ON, particularly against the backdrop of the 
continued possibility of energy price volatility. 
There is no credit risk with respect to the exchange-traded forward 
and option contracts with an aggregate nominal value of 
€19, 017 million (2024: € 22,764 million). For the remaining 
financial instruments, the maximum risk of default is equal to their 
nominal amounts. 
At E.ON, liquid funds are normally invested at banks with good 
credit ratings, in money market funds with first-class ratings or in 
short-term securities (for example, commercial paper) of issuers 
with strong credit ratings. Bonds of public and private issuers are 
also selected for investment. Group companies that for legal 
reasons are not included in the cash pool invest money at leading 
local banks. Standardized credit assessment and limit-setting is 
complemented by daily monitoring of CDS levels at the banks and 
at other significant counterparties. 
Asset Management 
For the purpose of financing long-term payment obligations, 
including those relating to asset retirement obligations (see Note 
25 →) and cash investments, financial investments totaling 
€1. 6 billion (2024: € 2.1 billion) were held predominantly by 
German E.ON Group companies as of December 31, 2025. 
These financial assets are invested on the basis of an accumulation 
strategy (total-return approach), with investments broadly 
diversified across the various asset classes, for example the money 
market, bond and equity asset classes, as well as alternative asset 
classes like real estate. The majority of the assets are held in 
investment funds managed by external fund managers. Corporate 
Asset Management at E.ON SE, which is part of the Company’s 
Finance Department, is responsible for continuous monitoring of 
overall risks and those concerning individual fund managers. The 
three-month VaR with a 98 percent confidence interval for these 
financial assets was € 12 million (2024: € 29 million). The decline in 
the VaR compared to the previous year is due to the reduction of 
assets.

[page 242]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 242 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
32 Leasing 
E.ON as Lessee 
E.ON operates as a lessee especially in the areas of networks and 
network facilities, land and buildings, and vehicle fleets. Leases are 
recognized in accordance with the right-of-use model as set out in 
IFRS 16. The tables in Note 14 → present the development of the 
right-of-use assets by asset class. The net carrying amount of the 
rights-of-use assets at the balance sheet date of December 31, 
2025, in the amount of € 2,807 million (2024: € 2,943 million) 
decreased year-on-year by €136 million (2024: increased by 
€233 million). The decrease is primarily attributable to the 
deconsolidation of the NEW Group. Depreciation of right-of-use 
assets in the amount of € 469 million (2024: € 445 million) showed 
a slight increase compared with the prior year. 
To ensure operational flexibility, extension and termination options 
are included particularly in real estate leases. In determining the 
lease term, all facts and circumstances that influence the exercise 
of an extension option or the non-exercise of a termination option 
are considered. In the determination of the lease liability, and 
correspondingly of the right-of-use assets, all reasonably certain 
cash outflows are taken into consideration. As of December 31, 
2025, potential future cash outflows in the amount of 
€202 million (2024: € 193 million) were not included in the lease 
liability as it is not reasonably certain that the leases will be 
renewed or not terminated. Possible future cash outflows for lease 
agreements that can be terminated without penalty by either 
party, subject to certain deadlines, are not included in this amount 
due to higher levels of uncertainty.  
Variable lease payments occur in only immaterial amounts and 
E.ON generally does not issue residual value guarantees.  
Leases not yet commenced to which E.ON as a lessee is committed 
result in potential future cash outflows over the expected lease 
terms of € 54 million (2024: € 55 million), mainly at Energy 
Networks Germany.  
The existing lease liabilities do not contain any covenant clauses 
that are linked to financial ratios. 
As of the balance sheet date of December 31, 2025, right-of-use 
assets are offset by lease liabilities with a present value of 
€3,072 million (2024: € 3,191 million). These lease liabilities are 
presented under financial liabilities (see Note 26 →); the short-
term portion of the lease liabilities totals €409 million (2024: 
€386 million). The maturity structure of the future payment 
obligations from leases is presented in Note 31 →. Due to the 
practical expedients used, the recognition of a right-of-use asset is 
not necessary for low-value leases and leases with a lease term of 
less than 12 months. Instead, a lease expense is recognized in 
these cases. The following amounts are recognized in the income 
statement in connection with leases in the fiscal year: 
 
E.ON as Lessee— Effects within the Income Statement  
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Expenses from short-term leases (< 12 months)  14   15  
Expense for low-value leases not included in the short-term leases stated above  17   15  
Expenses from variable lease payments  12   10  
Interest expenses for lease liabilities  219   206  
Income from subleases  4   1  
Gain/loss from sale and leaseback transactions  3   –   

[page 243]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 243 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The liabilities from short-term agreements with a term of less than 
12 months entered into for the next fiscal year do not vary 
materially from the expenses of the current fiscal year. 
Cash outflows from lease agreements totaled € 690 million (2024: 
€623 million) in the fiscal year and are allocated to operating cash 
flow in the amount of € 269 million (2024: € 247 million). This 
includes the lease expense for short-term and low-value leases as 
well as the expense from variable lease payments and interest 
expense for the period. Payments allocated to the amortization of 
the lease liability are recognized in cash flows from financing 
activities in the amount of € 421 million (2024: €377 million). 
E.ON as Lessor 
E.ON enters into lease agreements as a lessor to a limited extent. 
Technical equipment and machinery, in particular generation 
plants and battery storage systems, have been transferred to 
customers for use under finance leases.  
Under operating leases, assets transferred for use are mainly 
attributable to power distribution systems. There are no material 
risks in connection with rights retained to the assets temporarily 
transferred for use, with the result that risk management 
strategies, in particular, are not necessary. Residual-value 
guarantees are contractually agreed only occasionably for 
purposes of additional hedging. 
The present value of minimum lease payments is presented under 
receivables from finance leases (see Note 17 →). The current 
portion totals € 27 million (2024: € 29 million). There were no 
material changes to net investments in the period under review.  
The nominal and present values of the lease payments had the 
following maturities: 
 
The following effects from activity as lessor are recognized for the 
period under review: 
E.ON as Lessor— Effects within the Income Statement  
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Finance leases       
Gain/loss from the disposal of assets  3   –   
Financial income from net investments  18   18  
Income from variable lease payments  5   4  
Operating leases       
Income from leasing  106   95  
thereof income from variable lease 
payments  2   1  
 
Cash flows from operating leases are allocated to operating cash 
flow before interest and taxes. This also applies to cash inflows 
from finance leases with variable lease payments. Payments 
recognized as financing income from net investments increase the 
operating cash flow. 
 
 
 
 
The following future cash inflows are expected from existing 
operating leases: 
E.ON as Lessor— Operating Leases  
  Undiscounted lease payments  
€ in millions  2025   2024  
Due in up to 1 year  100   87  
Due in more than 1 to 2 years  87   74  
Due in more than 2 to 3 years  85   69  
Due in more than 3 to 4 years  86   69  
Due in more than 4 to 5 years  87   65  
Due in more than 5 years  135   122  
Total  580   486  
E.ON as Lessor— Finance Leases  
  Undiscounted lease payments  Not yet realized interest income   
Discounted non-guaranteed 
residual value   
Present value of minimum 
lease payments  
€ in millions  2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024  
Due in up to 1 year  44   48   17   18   –    –    27   29  
Due in more than 1 to 2 
years  41   41   18   16   –    –    23   26  
Due in more than 2 to 3 
years  40   37   16   14   –    8   24   30  
Due in more than 3 to 4 
years  37   36   14   13   9   –    31   23  
Due in more than 4 to 5 
years  32   32   12   12   –    9   20   30  
Due in more than 5 years  189   134   50   32   8   3   147   104  
Total  383   328   127   105   17   20   272   242  

[page 244]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 244 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
33 Transactions with Related Parties 
E.ON exchanges goods and services with a large number of 
companies as part of its continuing operations. Some of these 
companies are related parties, including associated companies 
accounted for under the equity method and their subsidiaries. 
Receivables and payables consist primarily of lease obligations 
from leaseback models and trade receivables. Joint ventures and 
subsidiaries that are not fully consolidated continue to be 
accounted for as associated companies. Transactions with related 
parties in the reporting year and in the previous year are 
summarized as follows: 
Related-Party Transactions  
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Income  2,541   2,262  
Associated companies  1,550   1,382  
Joint ventures  716   600  
Other related parties  275   280  
Expenses  1,428   1,465  
Associated companies  600   635  
Joint ventures  197   167  
Other related parties  632   663  
Receivables  1,021   847  
Associated companies  450   352  
Joint ventures  191   66  
Other related parties  380   428  
Liabilities  2,173   2,481  
Associated companies  1,024   1,077  
Joint ventures  671   799  
Other related parties  477   606  
Provisions  7   7  
Associated companies  4   4  
Joint ventures  3   3  
Other related parties  –    –   
 
In 2025, E.ON generated income from transactions with related 
companies through the delivery of gas and electricity to sales 
partners and municipal entities, especially municipal utilities. The 
relationships with these entities do not generally differ from those 
that exist with municipal entities in which E.ON does not have an 
interest. Expenses from transactions with related companies are 
generated mainly through electricity and gas deliveries as well as 
through management fees, IT services and third-party services. 
Liabilities of E.ON payable to related companies as of December 
31, 2025, include € 47 million (2024: € 51 million) in trade 
payables and shareholder loans to operators of jointly owned 
nuclear power plants. These shareholder loans bear interest at 
1.0 percent (2024: 1.0 percent) and have no fixed maturity. E.ON 
continues to have in place with these power plants a cost-transfer 
agreement and a cost-plus-fee agreement for the procurement of 
electricity. The settlement of such liabilities occurs mainly through 
clearing accounts. 
Under IAS 24, compensation paid to key management personnel 
(members of the Management Board and of the Supervisory Board 
of E.ON SE) in the reporting year must be disclosed. 
The total expense for members of the Management Board in 2025  
amounted to € 30.8 million (2024: € 23.0 million). 
The service costs comprised an expense of €11.7 million (2024: 
€11.6 million) for short-term benefits and an expense of 
€0.1 million (2024: €0.1 million) for  post-employment benefits. 
The expense determined in accordance with IFRS 2 for existing 
commitments for share-based payment in 2025 was €19.1 million 
(2024: € 11.3 million). 
Provisions for these commitments amounted to € 30.5 million as of 
December 31, 2025 (2024: € 24.3 million). 
The members of the Supervisory Board received a compensation 
of € 4.3 million for their activities in 2025 (2024: € 4.2 million).

[page 245]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 245 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
34 Segment Reporting 
Segment Information 
The E.ON Group, which is managed by Group Management in 
Essen, is divided into the following reporting segments, which are 
reported in accordance with IFRS 8. In the Energy Networks 
division, certain operating activities that are of minor importance, 
have similar economic characteristics, and are comparable in terms 
of customer structure, products, and sales channels, are combined 
in the Central Eastern Europe and South Eastern Europe segments, 
which are not separately reportable. 
Energy Networks 
Germany 
This segment combines the electricity and gas distribution 
networks and all related activities in Germany. 
Sweden 
This segment comprises the electricity networks businesses in 
Sweden. 
Central Eastern Europe 
This segment combines the distribution network activities in the 
Czech Republic and Poland, as well as the at-equity investment 
Východoslovenská energetika Holding a.s. in Slovakia.  
South Eastern Europe 
This segment combines the distribution network activities in 
Hungary, Croatia and Romania, as well as the at-equity investment 
Enerjisa Enerji in Turkey. 
Energy Infrastructure Solutions 
This segment combines the development of energy solutions for 
customers in Germany, the UK, Sweden, Denmark, Italy, the Czech 
Republic, Hungary, Poland, the Netherlands, Croatia and Slovenia. 
The reportable segment Energy Infrastructure Solutions develops 
integrated, sustainable energy solutions to sustainably provide 
cities and municipalities as well as commercial customers and 
industrial customers with supplies of heat, electricity, steam, and 
cooling. 
Energy Retail 
Germany 
This segment consists of activities that supply our customers in 
Germany with electricity and gas and the distribution of specific 
products and services in areas for improving energy efficiency, 
energy independence, and electromobility. 
United Kingdom 
The segment presents sales activities and Customer Solutions in 
the UK. 
The Netherlands 
The segment includes the distribution of electricity and gas as well 
as Customer Solutions in the Netherlands. 
Other 
This segment combines sales activities in Sweden, Italy, the Czech 
Republic, Hungary, Croatia, Romania, and Poland. The E.ON 
Group’s central commodity procurement unit, E.ON Energy 
Markets GmbH, is also included here. 
Corporate Functions/Other 
Corporate Functions/Other contains E.ON SE itself and the 
interests held directly by E.ON SE. The main task of Corporate 
Functions is to manage the E.ON Group. This includes the strategic 
development of the Group and the management and financing of 
the existing business portfolio. It also includes the E.ON Group’s 
internal service providers. In addition, the Non-Core Business is 
disclosed under Corporate Functions/Other. The Non-Core 
Business includes the non-strategic activities of the E.ON Group, 
such as the decommissioning of German nuclear power plants, 
which are managed by the PreussenElektra operating unit, and the 
electricity generation business in Turkey. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 246]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 246 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Financial Information by Business Segment 
  Energy Networks   
Energy Infrastructure 
Solutions   Energy Retail   
Corporate 
Functions/Other   Consolidation   E.ON Group  
€ in millions   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024  
External sales  23,245   20,691   2,803   2,677   52,405   56,503   251   248   –    –    78,704   80,119  
Intersegment sales  6,055   6,256   1,058   1,098   1,758   2,356   1,075   1,043   -9,946   -10,753   0   0  
Sales  29,300   26,947   3,861   3,775   54,163   58,859   1,326   1,291   -9,946   -10,753   78,704   80,119  
Adjusted EBITDA1  7,695   6,868   588   558   1,697   1,813   -136   -183   5   -7   9,849   9,049  
Sales2  29,300   26,947   3,861   3,775   55,616   64,875   1,297   1,259   -9,947   -10,753   80,127   86,103  
Cost of material3  -17,294   -16,631   -2,338   -2,400   -49,316   -58,248   -900   -927   8,592   9,481   -61,256   -68,725  
Equity-method earnings4  487   514   13   17   4   9   134   130   –    –    638   670  
Operating cash flow before interest and taxes  8,047   6,379   597   405   1,276   1,397   -884   -841   -3   3   9,033   7,343  
Investments  7,023   5,834   895   969   480   547   112   152   -1   -3   8,509   7,499  
investments in intangible assets and property, plant and equipment  6,791   5,738   756   788   331   380   64   68   -2   -3   7,940   6,971  
1Adjusted for non-operating effects.        
2Adjustment of sales  (IFRS amount 2025: €78,704 million; IFRS amount 2024: €80,119 million )  for non-operating effects amounting to €1,423 million (2024: €5,984 million), particularly due to realization effects from commodity derivatives.  
3Adjustment of cost of material (IFRS amount 2025: -€58,962 million; IFRS amount 2024: -€58,990 million) for non -operating effects amounting to-€2,294 million (2024: -€9,735 million), particularly due to realization effects from commodity derivatives.   
4Adjustment of equity-method earnings (IFRS amount 2025: €350 million €; IFRS amount 2024: €258 million) for non -operating effects to €288 million (2024: €412 million), particularly due to the application of IAS 29 in Turkey.   
 
Financial Information Energy Networks    
  Germany   Sweden   Central Eastern Europe1   South Eastern Europe1   Consolidation   Energy Networks  
€ in millions   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024  
External sales  19,391   16,905   1,302   1,179   846   970   1,706   1,637   –    –    23,245   20,691  
Intersegment sales  5,077   5,333   7   7   482   461   497   457   -8   -2   6,055   6,256  
Sales  24,468   22,238   1,309   1,186   1,328   1,431   2,203   2,094   -8   -2   29,300   26,947  
Adjusted EBITDA2  5,241   5,008   799   714   748   632   907   514   –    –    7,695   6,868  
Sales2  24,468   22,238   1,309   1,186   1,328   1,431   2,203   2,093   -8   -1   29,300   26,947  
Cost of material2  -15,514   -14,247   -349   -332   -487   -721   -944   -1,333   –    2   -17,294   -16,631  
Equity method earnings2  299   341   –    –    110   82   79   91   -1   –    487   514  
Operating cash flow before interest and taxes  5,471   4,717   876   737   864   597   836   329   –    -1   8,047   6,379  
Investments  5,344   4,361   588   520   505   463   586   489   –    1   7,023   5,834  
Investments in intangible assets and property, plant, and equipment  5,112   4,266   588   519   505   463   586   489   –    1   6,791   5,738  
1Aggregated and Reportable Segment.        
2Adjusted for non-operating effects.  
 
  

[page 247]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 247 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
 
The following table shows the reconciliation of operating cash flow 
before interest and taxes to operating cash flow from continuing 
operations: 
Reconciliation of Operating Cash Flow1  
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Operating cash flow before interest and taxes  9,033   7,343  
Interest payments  -1,202   -928  
Tax payments  -828   -742  
Operating cash flow  7,003   5,673  
1Operating cash flow from continuing operations.       
 
Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA 
In 2025, adjusted EBITDA, a measure of earnings before interest, 
taxes, depreciation and amortization adjusted to exclude 
extraordinary effects (“adjusted EBITDA”), was used at E.ON for 
purposes of internal management control and as the most 
important indicator of a business’s sustainable earnings power. 
The E.ON Management Board is convinced that adjusted EBITDA 
is the most suitable key figure for assessing operating 
performance because it presents E.ON’s operating earnings 
independently of non-operating factors, interest, taxes and 
amortization.  
Adjusted EBITDA is a non-IFRS measure that must be reconciled 
to an IFRS measure in accordance with IFRS 8. 
Unadjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and 
amortization (“EBITDA”) represents the Group’s income/loss 
reported in accordance with IFRS corrected by net interest income, 
income taxes and impairment charges and reversals of impairment 
charges. To improve its meaningfulness as an indicator of the 
sustainable earnings power of the E.ON Group’s business, 
unadjusted EBITDA is adjusted for certain non-operating effects. 
The non-operating earnings effects for which EBITDA is adjusted 
include, in particular, non-operating interest expense/income, 
income and expenses from the marking to market on the reporting 
date of unrealized commodity derivatives and related provisions 
for contingent losses, where material, book gains/losses, certain 
restructuring expenses, impairment charges and reversals 
recognized on equity investments in affiliated or associated 
companies, and other contributions to non-operating earnings. IAS 
29 was applied for the first time in 2022 because of the 
hyperinflation in Turkey and the effects recognized in income are 
also presented in other non-operating earnings. 
In addition, effects from the valuation of certain provisions on the 
balance sheet date are disclosed in non-operating earnings. In 
addition, effects that are to be initially recognized from the 
subsequent measurement of hidden reserves and charges in 
connection with the innogy purchase price allocation are included. 
Net book losses of -€359 million (prior year: -€15 million) resulted 
mainly from NEW Group’s deconsolidation. The sale and 
deconsolidation of two equity investments at Energy Networks 
and mergers of equity interests at Energy Infrastructure Solutions 
and Energy Networks had a countervailing effect. 
Earnings from the fair-value measurement of derivative financial 
instruments deteriorated by €5,256 million year -over-year to 
-€890 million. This negative effect resulted mainly from the 
measurement of higher fair values in conjunction with commodity 
derivatives. In addition, the decline in commodity prices since the 
start of 2025 had an adverse impact on fair values relative to the 
prior year. 
Financial Information Energy Retail        
  
 
Germany   United Kingdom   The Netherlands   Other   Consolidation   Energy Retail  
€ in millions   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024  
External sales  17,934   20,023   14,524   16,476   2,765   2,759   17,182   17,245   –    –    52,405   56,503  
Intersegment sales  5,510   7,702   4,356   4,174   1,959   2,960   22,942   27,336   -33,009   -39,816   1,758   2,356  
Sales  23,444   27,725   18,880   20,650   4,724   5,719   40,124   44,581   -33,009   -39,816   54,163   58,859  
Adjusted EBITDA1  803   751   368   552   175   192   352   318   -1   –    1,697   1,813  
Sales1  23,520   28,057   18,880   20,650   4,650   5,691   41,575   50,294   -33,009   -39,817   55,616   64,875  
Cost of material1  -20,902   -25,676   -17,386   -18,910   -3,745   -4,727   -40,295   -48,754   33,012   39,819   -49,316   -58,248  
Equity-method earnings1  –    –    –    1   –    5   4   3   –    –    4   9  
Operating cash flow before interest and taxes  628   230   333   243   210   74   104   850   1   –    1,276   1,397  
Investments  105   123   37   10   82   129   258   285   -2   –    480   547  
Investments in intangible assets and property, plant, and equipment  89   84   19   10   81   94   143   193   -1   -1   331   380  
1Adjusted for non-operating effects.        

[page 248]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 248 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Other non-operating expense/income consists mainly of certain 
expenditures in conjunction with the application of IAS 29 on 
ownership interests in Turkey that are accounted for using the 
equity method, PreussenElektra’s earnings contribution, and 
positive currency-translation effects. 
In addition, the non-operating components of EBITDA still include 
expenditures for the carryforward of hidden reserves and liabilities 
from the innogy transaction. Fiscal year 2025 included 
depreciation charges in connection with the purchase-price 
allocation for innogy. These charges are reported separately.  
The decline in non-operating depreciation charges from 
€782 million to €191 million resulted chiefly from the non -
recurrence of an impairment charge recorded at Energy 
Infrastructure Solutions in the prior year. Non-operating 
depreciation charges in the year under review consist mainly of 
depreciation charges on financial assets, overhead rights as well as 
buildings and technical facilities. 
Non-operating interest expense/income improved by €150 million 
year-over-year to income of €289 million. Another increase in the 
actuarial discount rate led to income on the discounting of non-
current provisions for asset-retirement obligations and provisions 
for mining damage. The positive effect of €142 million from the 
difference between the nominal interest rate and the effective 
interest rate of former innogy bonds adjusted due to the purchase-
price allocation is still recorded under non-operating interest 
expense/income (prior year: €147 million).  
The non-operating tax result in the period under review includes 
tax income from negative effects in conjunction with derivative 
financial instruments, changes in the recognition approach for 
deferred tax assets, and revaluation effects on deferred taxes due 
to a  reduction in Germany’s corporate tax rate. In particular, 
positive effects from the fair-value measurement of derivatives led 
on balance to tax expenses in the prior year. Tax income for prior 
years from a redress procedure and changes in the value of 
deferred taxes had an offsetting effect. 
Non-controlling interests’ share of operating earnings rose mainly 
because of higher operating earnings at some minority-owned 
companies.  
The following table shows the reconciliation of earnings before 
financial results and taxes to adjusted EBITDA: 
    
 
Non-Operating Adjustments     
  Fourth quarter   Full year  
€ in millions   2025   2024   2025   2024  
Net book gains (+)/losses (-)  36   3   -359   -15  
Restructuring expenses  -3   -14   -18   -20  
Effects from derivative financial instruments  128   1,932   -890   4,366  
Carryforward of hidden reserves (+) and liabilities (-) from the innogy transaction  -23   -14   -36   -56  
Other non-operating earnings  -29   25   -319   -509  
Non-operating adjustments of EBITDA  109   1,932   -1,622   3,766  
Depreciation of hidden reserves (-) and liabilities (+) from the innogy transaction  -78   -95   -351   -413  
Other non-operating impairments/reversals  -98   -81   -191   -782  
Non-operating interest expense (-)/income (+)  99   55   289   139  
Non-operating taxes  67   -151   493   -614  
Non-operating adjustments of net income/loss  99   1,660   -1,382   2,096  
Reconciliation to Adjusted EBITDA     
  Fourth quarter   Full year  
€ in millions  2025   2024   2025   2024  
Adjusted EBITDA  2,467   2,362   9,849   9,049  
Non-operating adjustments of EBITDA  109   1,932   -1,622   3,766  
Income/loss from continuing operations before depreciation, interest result and income taxes  2,576   4,294   8,227   12,815  
Scheduled depreciation/impairments and amortization/reversals  -1,163   -1,144   -4,165   -4,483  
Income/loss from continuing operations before interest results and income taxes  1,413   3,150   4,062   8,332  

[page 249]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 249 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Additional Entity-Level Disclosures 
External sales by product break down as follows: 
Segment Information by Product  
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Electricity  50,960   53,501  
Gas  20,339   19,888  
Other  7,405   6,730  
Total  78,704   80,119  
 
The “Other” item consists in particular of revenues generated from 
services. 
External sales of the products electricity and gas recognized under 
IFRS 15 are broken down by reportable segment or combined 
segments as follows: 
    
 
  
Electricity 
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Energy Networks  17,998   16,025  
Germany  14,583   12,630  
Sweden  1,301   1,179  
Central Eastern Europe  808   911  
South Eastern Europe  1,306   1,305  
Energy Infrastructure Solutions  367   383  
Energy Retail  32,595   37,093  
Germany  12,417   14,335  
United Kingdom  10,773   12,304  
The Netherlands  1,041   986  
Other  8,364   9,468  
Corporate Functions/Other  –    –   
E.ON Group  50,960   53,501  
Gas 
€ in millions   2025   2024  
Energy Networks  1,990   1,773  
Germany  1,786   1,583  
Sweden  –    –   
Central Eastern Europe  32   27  
South Eastern Europe  172   163  
Energy Infrastructure Solutions  79   82  
Energy Retail  18,270   18,033  
Germany  5,262   5,337  
United Kingdom  3,415   4,072  
The Netherlands  1,301   1,365  
Other  8,292   7,259  
Corporate Functions/Other  –    –   
E.ON Group  20,339   19,888  

[page 250]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 250 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The following table breaks down external sales (by customer and 
seller location), intangible assets and property, plant and 
equipment, as well as companies accounted for under the equity 
method, by geographic area: 
 
E.ON’s customer structure resulted in a focus on the Germany 
region. Aside from that, there was no major concentration in any 
given geographical region or business area. Due to the large 
number of customers the Company serves and the variety of its  
business activities, there are no individual customers whose 
business volume is material compared with the Company’s total 
business volume.
Geographic Segment Information  
  Germany   United Kingdom   Sweden   The Netherlands1   Europe (other)   Other   Total  
€ in millions  2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024  
External sales by location of customer  40,685   41,456   18,915   16,593   2,416   2,238   2,199   2,746   14,372   16,992   117   94   78,704   80,119  
External sales by location of seller  48,061   47,242   15,048   17,020   2,452   2,284   2,757   2,785   10,273   10,694   113   94   78,704   80,119  
Intangible assets  1,410   1,471   309   140   229   205   209   197   1,850   1,698   –    –    4,007   3,711  
Right-of-use assets  2,310   2,494   99   107   84   87   104   88   206   163   4   4   2,807   2,943  
Property, plant and equipment  33,327   31,145   1,120   1,027   6,270   5,581   133   138   7,050   6,369   9   9   47,909   44,269  
Companies accounted for under the 
equity method  4,718   4,394   –    6   70   65   –    –    1,814   1,889   759   757   7,361   7,111  
1Belgium included in Europe (other) segment.              

[page 251]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 251 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
35 Compensation of Supervisory Board and Management Board 
Supervisory Board 
Total remuneration to members of the Supervisory Board in 2025 
amounted to €4.3 million (2024: €4.2 million).  
There were no loans to members of the Supervisory Board in 
2025. 
Management Board 
The compensation of the Management Board according to Section 
314 (1) No. 6 HGB combined with Section 315 e HGB in 2024 
amounted to € 20.0 million (2024: €19.3 million).  
In 2025, the members of the Management Board were granted 
nineth-tranche virtual shares under the E.ON Performance Plan 
(2024: eighth tranche of the E.ON Performance Plan) with a value 
of €8.4 million (2024: €7.8 million) and a total number of shares of 
822,028 (2024: 650,587) as part of their total compensation. 
The total payments to former members of the Management Board 
and their beneficiaries amounted to €23.2 million (2024: 
€13. 0 million). Provisions of €140.9 million (2024: €162.6 million) 
have been established for the pension obligations to former 
members of the Management Board and their beneficiaries. 
There were no loans to members of the Management Board in 
2025.

[page 252]
Consolidated Financial Statements →  Notes 252 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
36 Subsequent Events 
Corporate Bonds Issued 
E.ON issued two corporate bonds in January 2026. One bond has 
a volume of € 750 million due in January 2034 with a 3.448 
percent coupon; the other, green bond has a volume of € 850 
million due in January 2038 with a 3.895 percent coupon. 
Sale of the Gas Distribution Network in 
the Czech Republic has been completed 
We reported on the agreed sale of the gas distribution network in 
the Czech Republic in the section entitled “Material acquisitions, 
disposals and disposal groups in 2025”. In the meantime, the 
transaction was completed on January 15, 2026. The sale gave 
rise to a disposal gain of an amount in the low triple-digit millions. 
Thus, there was no need to recognize an impairment as of the 
balance sheet date. 
Promissory Note taken out 
On January 23, 2026, E.ON took out a promissory note with a 
variable interest rate and a volume of €300 million. The loan has a 
term of six years.

[page 253]
 253 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
 
Other 
Information 
  

[page 254]
 254 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Declaration of the Board of Management 255 
Reproduction of the  
Independent Auditor's Report 256 
Assurance Report in Relation to the  
Group Sustainability Report 264 
Boards 268 
Supervisory Board  
(and Information on Other Directorships) 268 
Management Board  
(and Information on Other Directorships) 270 
Summary of Financial Highlights 271 
 
 

[page 255]
Other Information →  Declaration of the Management Board 255 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Declaration of the Board of Management 
To the best of our knowledge, we declare that, in accordance with applicable financial reporting 
principles, the Annual Financial Statements give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, 
financial position and profit or loss of the Company, and the Management Report of the Company, 
which is combined with the Group Management Report, provides a fair review of the 
development and performance of the business and the position of the Company, together with a 
description of the principal opportunities and risks associated with the expected development of 
the Company. 
Essen, Germany, February 18, 2026 
The Management Board 
 
Birnbaum 
 
Jakobi 
 
König 
 
Ossadnik 
 
Spieker  


[page 256]
Other Information →  Independent auditor’s report 256 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Reproduction of the Independent Auditor's Report 
Based on the results of our audit, we have issued the following unqualified auditor's report: 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
To E.ON SE, Essen 
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements and the Combined Management Report 
Opinions 
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of E.ON SE, Essen, and its subsidiaries 
(the Group), which comprise the statement of income, the statement of recognised income and 
expenses, the balance sheet, the statement of cash flows and the statement of changes in equity 
for the financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2025, and notes to the consolidated 
financial statements, including significant information on the accounting policies. In addition, we 
have audited the management report of the Company and the Group (hereinafter referred to as 
“combined management report”) of E.ON SE for the financial year from 1 January to 31 
December 2025. 
In accordance with German legal requirements, we have not audited the content of those 
components of the combined management report specified in the "Other Information" section of 
our auditor's report. 
In our opinion, on the basis of the knowledge obtained in the audit, 
• the accompanying consolidated financial statements comply, in all material respects, with the 
IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) 
(hereinafter referred to as “IFRS Accounting Standards”) as adopted by the EU, and the 
additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Section 315e (1) HGB 
[Handelsgesetzbuch: German Commercial Code] and, in compliance with these requirements, 
give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, and financial position of the Group as at 
31 December 2025, and of its financial performance for the financial year from 1 January to 
31 December 2025, and 
• the accompanying combined management report as a whole provides an appropriate view of 
the Group's position. In all material respects, this combined management report is consistent 
with the consolidated financial statements, complies with German legal requirements and 
appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future development. Our opinion on the 
combined management report does not cover the content of those components of the 
combined management report specified in the "Other Information" section of the auditor's 
report. 
Pursuant to Section 322 (3) sentence 1 HGB, we declare that our audit has not led to any 
reservations relating to the legal compliance of the consolidated financial statements and the 
combined management report. 
Basis for the Opinions 
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements and of the combined 
management report in accordance with Section 317 HGB and the EU Audit Regulation 
No 537/2014 (referred to subsequently as "EU Audit Regulation") and in compliance with 
German Generally Accepted Standards for Financial Statement Audits promulgated by the 
Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer [Institute of Public Auditors in Germany] (IDW). Our responsibilities 
under those requirements and principles are further described in the "Auditor's Responsibilities 
for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and of the Combined Management 
Report" section of our auditor's report. We are independent of the group entities in accordance 
with the requirements of European law and German commercial and professional law, and we 
have fulfilled our other German professional responsibilities in accordance with these 
requirements. In addition, in accordance with Article 10 (2)(f) of the EU Audit Regulation, we 
declare that we have not provided non-audit services prohibited under Article 5 (1) of the EU 
Audit Regulation. We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined 
management report. 

[page 257]
Other Information →  Independent auditor’s report 257 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Key Audit Matters in the Audit of the Consolidated  
Financial Statements 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most 
significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year from 
1 January to 31 December 2025. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the 
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, we do not 
provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
Accounting for derivatives relating to sales and procurement contracts 
for electricity and gas supplies (commodity forward transactions) 
Please refer to note [1] of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on 
the accounting policies applied. The disclosures on accounting for derivatives relating to sales and 
procurement contracts, particularly for electricity and gas supplies (commodity forward 
transactions), are presented in the notes to the consolidated financial statements under Note [7], 
[8], [17] and [26].  
THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT RISK 
In the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2025, E.ON SE recognised market 
values for derivatives in connection with commodity forward transactions of EUR 1.3 billion in 
other operating assets, and market values of EUR 1.8 billion in non-current and current (other) 
operating liabilities for procurement and sales transactions that are accounted for at fair value in 
accordance with the provisions of IFRS 9: Financial Instruments.  
E.ON maintains portfolios of sales and procurement contracts for electricity and gas supplies with 
various customer and supplier groups (commodity forward transactions), of which some are 
recognised as executory contracts pursuant to the own-use provisions of IFRS 9 in accordance 
with the provisions of IAS 37 and some are recognised as financial instruments at fair value. The 
contracts in these portfolios are predominantly recorded and processed by way of mass 
processes. 
Discretion is required when determining whether a commodity forward transaction was 
concluded to satisfy own requirements and continues to be held for this purpose and therefore 
fulfils the own-use criteria on initial and subsequent recognition. In compliance with the 
requirements of IFRS 9, the underlying contracts are to be classified as "own-use" contracts or as 
derivative financial instruments and monitored on an ongoing basis. With regard to the 
consolidated financial statements, there is a risk that these may be incompletely or incorrectly 
recognised and/or incorrectly classified. There is also the risk that a change in purpose at a later 
date will not be recognised and the contracts will not be properly accounted for.  
Fair values are to be determined for the commodity forward transactions classified as derivative 
financial instruments. Provided that no market prices are observable, the fair values are to be 
determined on the basis of recognised valuation methods. The methods, assumptions and data 
used for this purpose require judgement. There is a risk for the financial statements that the other 
operating assets, the (other) operating liabilities and the other operating income/expense will not 
be measured or determined in line with the accounting requirements.  
OUR AUDIT APPROACH 
In the course of our audit, we obtained a comprehensive insight into the development of 
commodity forward transactions and the associated risks as well as an understanding of E.ON's 
process to record and classify these transactions and to recognise and assess sales from the 
portfolio in terms of the permissibility of the own-use criteria. 
For the IT and individual data processing systems deployed, with the involvement of our IT 
specialists, we evaluated the effectiveness of the rules and procedures relating to a large number 
of IT applications and which support the effectiveness of the application controls.  
With the involvement of our specialists for financial instruments, we assessed the 
appropriateness, implementation and effectiveness of the internal controls established by E.ON to 
recognise and classify commodity forward transactions and to completely and accurately 
recognise and assess sales from the portfolio in terms of the permissibility of the own-use 
criteria. 
We used analyses to satisfy ourselves that the commodity forward transactions were properly 
recognised and classified. In the case of sales, we assessed whether there was a change in 
purpose and whether it was recognised in the balance sheet appropriately.  
Furthermore, with regard to the measurement of commodity forward transactions for which no 
market prices are observable, we made enquiries with the involvement of our valuation specialists 
and gained insight into the relevant documents and, in doing so, assessed the selection of 
methods, data and assumptions used for measurement. To assess the methodically and 
mathematically correct implementation of the valuation method, we –  together with the 
involvement of our valuation specialists –  verified E.ON's measurement using our own 

[page 258]
Other Information →  Independent auditor’s report 258 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
calculations and analysed deviations for a risk-based selection. Price and market information 
observable in the market were used where possible. 
OUR OBSERVATIONS 
The recognition, classification and ongoing monitoring of commodity forward transactions has 
been carried out appropriately. The methods, assumptions and data used to measure commodity 
forward transactions are appropriate. 
Recoverability of goodwill 
Please refer to note [1] of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on 
the accounting policies applied. Disclosures on the assumptions made and the amount of goodwill 
can be found under note [14] of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and 
disclosures on the financial performance of the operating segments in the section "Segment 
reporting" of the group management report. 
THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT RISK 
Goodwill amounts to EUR 16.0 billion as at 31 December 2025 and, at 62% of consolidated 
equity, constitutes a significant proportion of the assets. 
Goodwill is tested for impairment annually, irrespective of any indication of impairment, as at 1 
October. If impairment triggers arise during the year, an event-driven goodwill impairment test is 
carried out during the year. The goodwill is allocated to the cash-generating units or groups of 
cash-generating units, which essentially correspond to the operating segments at the E.ON 
Group. For the goodwill impairment test, the carrying amount is compared with the recoverable 
amount of the relevant cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units. If the carrying 
amount exceeds the recoverable amount, an impairment loss is recognised. At E.ON, the 
recoverable amount is initially calculated as the fair value less costs to sell.  
The goodwill impairment test is complex and based on a number of assumptions requiring 
judgement. These include the estimate of future cash flows, the assumed long-term growth rates 
and the discount rate used.  
As a result of the impairment test performed, the Company did not identify any impairment.  
There is the risk for the consolidated financial statements that any existing impairment as at the 
reporting date was not identified. There is also the risk that the related disclosures in the notes 
are not appropriate. 
OUR AUDIT APPROACH 
First, we obtained an understanding of the process for impairment testing of goodwill through 
explanations provided by staff of the finance organisation and by evaluating the Company’s 
documentation. With the involvement of our valuation specialists, we assessed, among other 
things, the appropriateness of the key assumptions as well as the Company's valuation model. For 
this purpose, we discussed the expected cash flows and the assumed long-term growth rates 
with those responsible for planning. We also carried out reconciliations with the budget drawn up 
by the Management Board and approved by the Supervisory Board and the medium-term 
planning, including the projected development for the next five years, drawn up by the 
Management Board and acknowledged by the Supervisory Board. Furthermore, we evaluated the 
consistency of assumptions with external market assessments. 
We also confirmed the accuracy of the Company's previous forecasts by comparing the budgets 
of previous financial years with actual results and by analysing deviations. In addition, we 
compared the assumptions and data underlying the weighted average cost of capital, especially 
the risk-free interest rate, the market risk premium, country risk premium and the beta factor, 
with our own assumptions and publicly available data.  
To assess the methodically and mathematically correct implementation of the valuation method, 
we selected risk-based valuations performed by the Company and verified them using our own 
calculations and analysed deviations.  
In order to take account of the existing forecast uncertainty and the early cut-off date for annual 
impairment testing, we investigated the impact of possible changes in the discount rate, earnings 
performance and the long-term growth rate on the recoverable amount by calculating alternative 
scenarios and comparing them with the values stated by the Company (sensitivity analysis). 
Finally, we assessed whether the disclosures in the notes on the recoverability of goodwill are 
appropriate. 
OUR OBSERVATIONS 
The calculation method used for impairment testing of goodwill is appropriate and in line with the 
accounting policies to be applied. 

[page 259]
Other Information →  Independent auditor’s report 259 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The Company's assumptions and data underlying the measurement are appropriate. 
The disclosures in the notes on the recoverability of goodwill are appropriate. 
Other Information 
The Management Board and/or the Supervisory Board are/is responsible for the other 
information. The other information comprises the following components of the combined 
management report, whose content was not audited: 
• the sustainability report, including the combined non-financial statement of the Company and 
the Group pursuant to Sections 315b, 315c in conjunction with Sections 289b (1), 289c HGB, 
which is included in the combined management report, 
• the combined corporate governance statement for the Company and the Group referred to in 
the combined management report, and 
• information extraneous to management reports and marked as unaudited. 
The other information also includes the remaining parts of the annual report. The other 
information does not include the consolidated financial statements, the combined management 
report information audited for content and our auditor's report thereon. 
Our opinions on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined management report 
do not cover the other information, and consequently we do not express an opinion or any other 
form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
In connection with our audit, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in so doing, to 
consider whether the other information 
• is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements, with the combined 
management report information audited for content or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or 
• otherwise appears to be materially misstated. 
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of 
this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this 
regard.
  
In accordance with our engagement letter, we conducted a separate assurance engagement of 
the sustainability reporting. Please refer to our assurance report dated 23 February 2026 for 
information on the nature, scope and findings of this assurance engagement. 
Responsibilities of the Management Board and the 
Supervisory Board for the Consolidated Financial 
Statements and the Combined Management Report 
The Management Board is responsible for the preparation of consolidated financial statements 
that comply, in all material respects, with IFRS Accounting Standards as adopted by the EU and 
the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Section 315e (1) HGB and 
that the consolidated financial statements, in compliance with these requirements, give a true and 
fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position, and financial performance of the Group. In 
addition, the Management Board is responsible for such internal control as they have determined 
necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud (i.e., fraudulent financial reporting and 
misappropriation of assets) or error. 
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Management Board is responsible for 
assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. They also have the responsibility for 
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern. In addition, they are responsible for 
financial reporting based on the going concern basis of accounting unless there is an intention to 
liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or there is no realistic alternative but to do so. 
Furthermore, the Management Board is responsible for the preparation of the combined 
management report that, as a whole, provides an appropriate view of the Group's position and is, 
in all material respects, consistent with the consolidated financial statements, complies with 
German legal requirements, and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future 
development. In addition, the Management Board is responsible for such arrangements and 
measures (systems) as they have considered necessary to enable the preparation of a combined 
management report that is in accordance with the applicable German legal requirements, and to 
be able to provide sufficient appropriate evidence for the assertions in the combined management 
report. 

[page 260]
Other Information →  Independent auditor’s report 260 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process for 
the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and of the combined management 
report. 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements and of the 
Combined Management Report 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial 
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and 
whether the combined management report as a whole provides an appropriate view of the 
Group’s position and, in all material respects, is consistent with the consolidated financial 
statements and the knowledge obtained in the audit, complies with the German legal 
requirements and appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future development, as 
well as to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinions on the consolidated financial 
statements and on the combined management report. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted 
in accordance with Section 317 HGB and the EU Audit Regulation and in compliance with German 
Generally Accepted Standards for Financial Statement Audits promulgated by the Institut der 
Wirtschaftsprüfer (IDW) will always detect a material misstatement. Misstatements can arise 
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
consolidated financial statements and this combined management report. 
We exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. 
We also: 
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements 
and of the combined management report, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform 
audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinions. The risk of not detecting a material 
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting a material 
misstatement resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. 
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit of the consolidated financial 
statements and of arrangements and measures relevant to the audit of the combined 
management report in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the 
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the 
Group’s internal control or of these arrangements and measures. 
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used by the Management Board and the 
reasonableness of estimates made by the Management Board and related disclosures. 
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management Board's use of the going concern basis of 
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists 
related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue 
as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw 
attention in the auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial 
statements and in the combined management report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to 
modify our respective opinions. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to 
the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to 
cease to be able to continue as a going concern. 
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial 
statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements 
present the underlying transactions and events in a manner that the consolidated financial 
statements give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and financial 
performance of the Group in compliance with IFRS Accounting Standards as adopted by the EU 
and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Section 315e (1) HGB. 

[page 261]
Other Information →  Independent auditor’s report 261 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
• Plan and perform the audit of the consolidated financial statements to obtain sufficient 
appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business 
segments within the Group to provide a basis for our opinions on the consolidated financial 
statements and on the combined management report. We are responsible for the direction, 
supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for  
our opinions. 
• Evaluate the consistency of the combined management report with the consolidated financial 
statements, its conformity with [German] law, and the view of the Group's position  
it provides.  
• Perform audit procedures on the prospective information presented by the Management Board 
in the combined management report. On the basis of sufficient appropriate audit evidence, we 
evaluate, in particular, the significant assumptions used by the Management Board as a basis 
for the prospective information, and evaluate the proper derivation of the prospective 
information from these assumptions. We do not express a separate opinion on the prospective 
information and on the assumptions used as a basis. There is a substantial unavoidable risk that 
future events will differ materially from the prospective information. 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the 
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant 
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with the 
relevant independence requirements, and communicate with them all relationships and other 
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, the 
actions taken or safeguards applied to eliminate independence threats. 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those 
matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the 
current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's 
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter.  
Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements 
Report on the Assurance on the Electronic Rendering of 
the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Combined 
Management Report Prepared for Publication Purposes in 
Accordance with Section 317 (3a) HGB 
Assurance Opinion 
We have performed assurance work in accordance with Section 317 (3a) HGB to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether the rendering of the consolidated financial statements and 
the combined management report (hereinafter the "ESEF documents") contained in the electronic 
file „eonse-2025-12-31-de.zip“ (SHA256-hash value: 559cc9bd7d0a1a2baee5941b53d1715d8 
fb3c040d70354729e5028e6c80b2545), „EON_Zusammengefasster Lagebericht_2025.xhtml“ 
(SHA256-hash value: f50f3850ac8a91c6522f9858a48a6854847d934cc7506796330c67 
e811a14bbd) made available and prepared for publication purposes complies in all material 
respects with the requirements of Section 328 (1) HGB for the electronic reporting format ("ESEF 
format"). In accordance with German legal requirements, this assurance work extends only to the 
conversion of the information contained in the consolidated financial statements and the 
combined management report into the ESEF format and therefore relates neither to the 
information contained in these renderings nor to any other information contained in the file 
identified above. 
In our opinion, the rendering of the consolidated financial statements and the combined 
management report contained in the electronic file made available, identified above and prepared 
for publication purposes complies in all material respects with the requirements of 
Section 328 (1) HGB for the electronic reporting format. Beyond this assurance opinion and our 
audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the accompanying 
combined management report for the financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2025, 
contained in the "Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Combined 
Management Report" above, we do not express any assurance opinion on the information 
contained within these renderings or on the other information contained in the file identified 
above. 

[page 262]
Other Information →  Independent auditor’s report 262 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Basis for the Assurance Opinion 
We conducted our assurance work on the rendering of the consolidated financial statements and 
the combined management report contained in the file made available and identified above in 
accordance with Section 317 (3a) HGB and the IDW Assurance Standard: Assurance Work on the 
Electronic Rendering of Financial Statements and Management Reports Prepared for Publication 
Purposes in Accordance with Section 317 (3a) HGB (IDW AsS 410 (06.2022)). Our responsibility 
in accordance therewith is further described in the "Auditor's Responsibilities of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements for the Assurance Work on the ESEF Documents" section. Our audit firm 
applies the IDW Standard on Quality Management 1: Requirements for Quality Management in 
Audit Firms (IDW QMS 1 (09.2022)). 
Responsibilities of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board for 
the ESEF documents 
The Company's Management Board is responsible for the preparation of the ESEF documents 
including the electronic rendering of the consolidated financial statements and the combined 
management report in accordance with Section 328 (1) sentence 4 item 1 HGB and for the 
tagging of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with Section 328 (1) sentence 4 
item 2 HGB. 
In addition, the Company's Management Board is responsible for such internal control as they 
have considered necessary to enable the preparation of ESEF documents that are free from 
material intentional or unintentional non-compliance with the requirements of Section 328 (1) 
HGB for the electronic reporting format. 
The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the process of preparing the ESEF 
documents as part of the financial reporting process. 
Responsibilities of the Auditor of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
for the Assurance Work on the ESEF documents 
Our objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the ESEF documents are free from 
material intentional or unintentional non-compliance with the requirements of Section 328 
(1) HGB. We exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout 
the assurance work. We also: 
• Identify and assess the risks of material intentional or unintentional non-compliance with the 
requirements of Section 328 (1) HGB, design and perform assurance procedures responsive to 
those risks, and obtain assurance evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our assurance opinion. 
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the assurance on the ESEF documents 
in order to design assurance procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for 
the purpose of expressing an assurance opinion on the effectiveness of these controls. 
• Evaluate the technical validity of the ESEF documents, i.e. whether the file made available 
containing the ESEF documents meets the requirements of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/815, as amended as at the reporting date, on the technical specification 
for this electronic file. 
• Evaluate whether the ESEF documents provide an XHTML rendering with content equivalent to 
the audited consolidated financial statements and the audited combined management report. 
• Evaluate whether the tagging of the ESEF documents with Inline XBRL technology (iXBRL) in 
accordance with the requirements of Articles 4 and 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/815, as amended as at the reporting date, enables an appropriate and complete 
machine-readable XBRL copy of the XHTML rendering. 
Further Information pursuant to Article 10 of the EU Audit 
Regulation 
We were elected as auditor of the consolidated financial statements at the Annual General 
Meeting on 15 May 2025. We were engaged by the Audit and Risk Committee of the Supervisory 
Board on 15 December 2025. We have been the auditor of the consolidated financial statements 
of E.ON SE without interruption since financial year 2021. 
We declare that the opinions expressed in this auditor's report are consistent with the additional 
report to the Audit Committee pursuant to Article 11 of the EU Audit Regulation (long-form audit 
report). 

[page 263]
Other Information →  Independent auditor’s report 263 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Other Matter – Use of the Auditor’s Report 
Our auditor's report must always be read together with the audited consolidated financial 
statements and the audited combined management report as well as the examined ESEF 
documents. The consolidated financial statements and combined management report converted 
to the ESEF format –  including the versions to be entered in the German Company Register 
[Unternehmensregister] –  are merely electronic renderings of the audited consolidated financial 
statements and the audited combined management report and do not take their place. In 
particular, the ESEF report and our assurance opinion contained therein are to be used solely 
together with the examined ESEF documents made available in electronic form. 
German Public Auditor Responsible for the 
Engagement 
The German Public Auditor responsible for the engagement is Alexander Bock. 
Essen, 23 February 2026  
KPMG AG 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
[signature] Kneisel    [signature] Bock 
Wirtschaftsprüfer    Wirtschaftsprüfer 
[German Public Auditor]   [German Public Auditor] 

[page 264]
Other Information →  Assurance Report in Relation to the Group Sustainability Report  264 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Assurance Report in Relation to the Group Sustainability Report 
Assurance report of the independent German Public 
Auditor on an assurance engagement to obtain limited 
and reasonable assurance in relation to the Group 
Sustainability Report
20 
To the E.ON SE, Essen 
Assurance Conclusion and Opinion 
We have conducted a limited assurance engagement on the Group Sustainability Statement 
(hereinafter: “Group Sustainability Report”) included in section “Sustainability Report” of the 
combined group management report of E.ON SE (hereinafter: “E.ON SE” or “the Company”) for 
the financial year from January 1 to December 31, 2025, taking into account, as set forth in the 
subsequent paragraph, the reasonable assurance engagement on disclosures marked with [+] in 
the Group Sustainability Report. The Group Sustainability Report was prepared to fulfil the 
requirements of Directive (EU) 2022/2464 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 
December 2022 (Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, CSRD) and Article 8 of Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852 applying Delegated Regulation (EU) 2026/73 of the European Commission, 
adopted on July 4, 2025, as well as Sections 315b and 315c of the HGB [Handelsgesetzbuch: 
German Commercial Code] for a consolidated non-financial statement and Sections 289b until 
289e of the HGB for a non-financial statement of the parent. 
 
20The English language text below is a translation provided for information purposes only. The original German text shall prevail in the event of any discrepancies between the English translation and the German original. We do not accept any liability for the use of, or reliance on, the English translation or for any 
errors or misunderstandings that may arise from the translation. 
Based on the particular engagement, we have conducted a reasonable assurance engagement on 
the disclosures marked with [+] in the Group Sustainability Report. A reasonable assurance 
engagement on these disclosures fulfils the requirements for a limited assurance engagement 
and, in accordance with Recital 60 to the CSRD, thereby complies with the requirements of the 
CSRD relating to assurance of the Group Sustainability Report. 
Based on the procedures performed and the evidence obtained as part of our limited assurance 
engagement, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the accompanying 
Group Sustainability Report, taking into account the disclosures in the Group Sustainability 
Report marked with [+] and subject to a reasonable assurance engagement, is not prepared, in all 
material respects, in accordance with the requirements of the CSRD and Article 8 of Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852 applying Delegated Regulation (EU) 2026/73 of the European Commission, 
adopted on July 4, 2025, Sections 315b and 315c HGB for a consolidated non-financial 
statement, Sections 289b until 289e of the HGB for a non-financial statement of the parent and 
the supplementary criteria presented by the executive directors of the Company.  
This assurance conclusion includes that nothing has come to our attention that causes us to 
believe that:  
• the accompanying Group Sustainability Report does not comply, in all material respects, with 
the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS), including that the process carried out 
by the entity to identify information to be included in the Group Sustainability Report (the 
materiality assessment) is not, in all material respects, in accordance with the description set 
out in section “Materiality Analysis Process” of the Group Sustainability Report, or  
• the disclosures in section “EU-Taxonomy” of the Group Sustainability Report do not comply, in 
all material respects, with Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 applying Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2026/73 of the European Commission, adopted on July 4, 2025.  
In our opinion, on the basis of our reasonable assurance engagement, the disclosures marked with 
[+] in the Group Sustainability Report were prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with 
the requirements applicable to these disclosures and the supplementary criteria presented by the 
executive directors of the Company.  

[page 265]
Other Information →  Assurance Report in Relation to the Group Sustainability Report  265 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Basis for the Assurance Conclusion and Opinion 
We conducted our assurance engagement in accordance with International Standard on 
Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (Revised): Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or 
Reviews of Historical Financial Information issued by the International Auditing and Assurance 
Standards Board (IAASB).  
The procedures in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in 
extent than for, a reasonable assurance engagement. Consequently, the level of assurance 
obtained is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a 
reasonable assurance engagement been performed.  
Our responsibilities under ISAE 3000 (Revised) are further described in the section “German 
Public Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Assurance Engagement on the Group Sustainability 
Report”.  
We are independent of the entity in accordance with the requirements of European law and 
German commercial and professional law, and we have fulfilled our other German professional 
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. Our audit firm has applied the 
requirements for a system of quality control as set forth in the IDW Quality Management 
Standard issued by the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer (Institute of Public Auditors in Germany, 
IDW): Requirements for Quality Management in the Audit Firm (IDW QMS 1 (09.2022)). We 
believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
assurance conclusion and opinion.  
Responsibilities of the Executive Directors and the 
Supervisory Board for the Group Sustainability Report  
The executive directors are responsible for the preparation of the Group Sustainability Report in 
accordance with the requirements of the CSRD and the applicable German legal and other 
European requirements as well as with the supplementary criteria presented by the executive 
directors of the Company and for designing, implementing and maintaining such internal control 
that they have considered necessary to enable the preparation of the Group Sustainability Report 
in accordance with these requirements that is free from material misstatement, whether due to 
fraud (i.e., fraudulent sustainability reporting in the Group Sustainability Report) or error.  
This responsibility of the executive directors includes establishing and maintaining the materiality 
assessment process, selecting and applying appropriate reporting policies for preparing the Group 
Sustainability Report, as well as making assumptions and estimates and ascertaining forward-
looking information for individual sustainability-related disclosures. 
The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the process for the preparation of the Group 
Sustainability Report.  
Inherent Limitations in Preparing the Group Sustainability 
Report  
The CSRD and the applicable German legal and other European requirements contain wording 
and terms that are subject to considerable interpretation uncertainties and for which no 
authoritative, comprehensive interpretations have yet been published. Therefore, the executive 
directors have disclosed their interpretations of such wording and terms in section “General 
Information” and the following sections of the Group Sustainability Report. The executive 
directors are responsible for the reasonableness of these interpretations. As such wording and 
terms may be interpreted differently by regulators or courts, the legality of measurements or 
evaluations of sustainability matters based on these interpretations is uncertain. As further set 
forth in the Group Sustainability Report, the quantification of the non-financial performance 
indicators mentioned there is also subject to inherent uncertainties due to significant estimations 
and measurement uncertainties.  
These inherent limitations also affect the assurance engagement on the Group Sustainability 
Report.  

[page 266]
Other Information →  Assurance Report in Relation to the Group Sustainability Report  266 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
German Public Auditor’s Responsibilities for the 
Assurance Engagement on the Group Sustainability 
Report  
Our objectives are  
• to express a limited assurance conclusion, based on the assurance engagement we have 
conducted, on whether any matters have come to our attention that cause us to believe that 
the Group Sustainability Report, taking into account the disclosures in the Group Sustainability 
Report marked with [+] and subject to a reasonable assurance engagement, has not been 
prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the CSRD, the applicable German legal 
and other European requirements and the supplementary criteria presented by the company’s 
executive directors, and to issue an assurance report that includes our assurance conclusion on 
the Group Sustainability Report, taking into account the disclosures in the Group Sustainability 
Report marked with [+] and subject to a reasonable assurance engagement.  
• to express a reasonable assurance opinion, based on the assurance engagement we have 
conducted on whether the disclosures marked with [+] in the Group Sustainability Report are 
prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the requirements applicable to these 
disclosures and the supplementary criteria presented by the executive directors of the 
Company.  
As part of an assurance engagement in accordance with ISAE 3000 (Revised), we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism. We also:  
• for the limited assurance engagement 
o obtain an understanding of the process used to prepare the Group Sustainability Report, 
including the materiality assessment process carried out by the entity to identify the 
disclosures to be reported in the Group Sustainability Report. 
o identify disclosures where a material misstatement due to fraud or error is likely to arise, 
design and perform procedures to address these disclosures and obtain limited assurance to 
support the assurance conclusion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting 
from fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from 
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations or 
the override of internal control. In addition, the risk of not detecting a material misstatement 
in information obtained from sources not within entity’s control (value chain information) is 
ordinarily higher than the risk of not detecting a material misstatement in information 
obtained from sources within the entity’s control, as both the entity’s executive directors and 
we as practitioners are ordinarily subject to restrictions on direct access to the sources of the 
value chain information. 
o consider the forward-looking information, including the appropriateness of the underlying 
assumptions. There is a substantial unavoidable risk that future events will differ materially 
from the forward-looking information.  
• for the reasonable assurance engagement 
o perform risk assessment procedures, including obtaining an understanding of the internal 
controls that are relevant to the assurance engagement on the disclosures marked [+] in the 
Group Sustainability Report in order to identify and assess the risks of material misstatement 
at the assertion level due to fraud or error, but not for the purpose of expressing an assurance 
opinion on the effectiveness of these internal controls of the Company. The risk of not 
detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than the risk of not 
detecting a material misstatement resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, 
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or override of internal control. In addition, 
the risk of not detecting a material misstatement in information obtained from sources in the 
value chain not within the entity’s control (value chain information) is ordinarily higher than 
the risk of not detecting a material misstatement in information obtained from sources within 
the entity’s control, as both the entity’s executive directors and we as practitioners are 
ordinarily subject to restrictions on direct access to the sources of the value chain 
information. 
o evaluate the appropriate derivation of the forward-looking disclosures from the significant 
assumptions and the appropriateness of these assumptions. We do not express a separate 
assurance opinion either on the forward-looking disclosures nor on the assumptions on 
which they are based. There is a substantial unavoidable risk that future events will differ 
materially from the forward-looking disclosures.  

[page 267]
Other Information →  Assurance Report in Relation to the Group Sustainability Report  267 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Summary of the Procedures Performed for the Limited 
Assurance Engagement by the German Public Auditor  
A limited assurance engagement involves the performance of procedures to obtain evidence 
about the sustainability information. The nature, timing and extent of the selected procedures are 
subject to our professional judgment.  
In performing our limited assurance engagement, we:  
• evaluated the suitability of the criteria as a whole presented by the executive directors in the 
Group Sustainability Report 
• inquired of the executive directors and relevant employees involved in the preparation of the 
Group Sustainability Report about the preparation process, including the materiality 
assessment process carried out by the entity to identify the disclosures to be reported in the 
Group Sustainability Report, and about the internal controls relating to this process  
• evaluated the reporting policies used by the executive directors to prepare the Group 
Sustainability Report 
• evaluated the reasonableness of the estimates and related information provided by the 
executive directors. If, in accordance with the ESRS, the executive directors estimate the value 
chain information to be reported for a case in which the executive directors are unable to obtain 
the information from the value chain despite making reasonable efforts, our assurance 
engagement is limited to evaluating whether the executive directors have undertaken these 
estimates in accordance with the ESRS and assessing the reasonableness of these estimates, 
but does not include identifying information in the value chain that the executive directors were 
unable to obtain  
• performed analytical procedures and made inquiries in relation to selected information in the 
Group Sustainability Report 
• conducted site visits  
• considered the presentation of the information in the Group Sustainability Report 
• considered the process for identifying taxonomy-eligible and taxonomy-aligned economic 
activities and the corresponding disclosures in the Group Sustainability Report.  
Restriction of Use / Clause on General Engagement Terms  
This assurance report is solely addressed to E.ON SE, Essen.  
The engagement, in the performance of which we have provided the services described above on 
behalf of E.ON SE, Essen, was carried out on the basis of the General Engagement Terms for 
Wirtschaftsprüferinnen, Wirtschaftsprüfer und Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaften (Allgemeine 
Auftragsbedingungen für Wirtschaftsprüferinnen, Wirtschaftsprüfer und 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaften) dated as of January 1, 2024 (www.kpmg.de/AAB_2024 ↗). 
By taking note of and using the information as contained in our report each recipient confirms to 
have taken note of the terms and conditions stipulated in the aforementioned General 
Engagement Terms (including the liability limitations to EUR 4 million specified in item No. 9 
included therein) and acknowledges their validity in relation to us.  
Essen, February 23, 2026 
KPMG AG  
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
[Original German version signed by:] 
Bock     Mund    
Wirtschaftsprüfer  Wirtschaftsprüferin 
[German Public Auditor]  [German Public Auditor]

[page 268]
Other Information →  Boards 268 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Boards  
Supervisory Board (and Information on Other Directorships) 
Erich Clementi 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board, E.ON SE  
• Deutsche Lufthansa AG1  
• KnowCE SpA  
• Quant, Inc (since April 15, 2025) 
Ulrich Grillo  
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board, E.ON SE  
Chief Executive Officer, Grillo-Werke AG 
• Rheinmetall AG1 (Chairman) 
Frank Werneke  
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board, E.ON SE;  
Chairman of the United Services Trade Union (ver.di) 
• ZDF Studios GmbH (until December 31, 2025) 
Katja Bauer  
Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board, E.ON Energie Deutschland GmbH;  
Chairman of the Works Council, Wunstorf/Osnabrück/Kassel of E.ON Energie Deutschland GmbH; 
Member of the Group Works Council, E.ON SE 
• E.ON Energie Deutschland GmbH2 
Klaus Fröhlich  
Chartered engineer, former member of the Management Board, Bayerische Motoren Werke AG 
Anke Groth 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
• DKV Mobility Group SE 
• Mondi plc1  
Eugen-Gheorghe Luha 
Chairman of the Gaz România gas trade union federation; 
Chairman of the Employees‘ Representatives of Romania;  
Member of the SE-Works Council, E.ON SE 
Stefan May  
Deputy Chairman of the Group Works Council, E.ON SE;  
Member of the SE-Works Council, E.ON SE 
Chairman of the General Works Council, Westenergie AG Gruppe;  
Chairman of the Works Council of the Münster Region, Westnetz GmbH 
• Westenergie AG2  
Szilvia Pinczésné Márton 
Chairwoman of the Works Council, E.ON Dél-dunántúli Áramhálózati Zrt.; 
Member of the SE-Works Council, E.ON SE 
Nadège Petit 
Until November 30, 2025: Chief Innovation Officer, Executive Vice President, of Schneider 
Electric Group 
Since December 1, 2025: CEO for the north american region and member of the Executive 
Committee of Veolia-Gruppe 
Unless otherwise indicated, information is as of December 31, 2025, or as of the date on which membership in the E.ON SE Supervisory  Board ended. 
→• Directorships/memberships in other statutory supervisory boards. 
• Directorships/memberships in comparable domestic and foreign supervisory bodies of commercial enterprises.  
1Listed company. 
2E.ON Group directorships/memberships. 

[page 269]
Other Information →  Boards 269 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
René Pöhls  
Chairman of the SE-Works Council, E.ON SE; Deputy Chairman of the Group Works Council, E.ON SE;  
Chairman of the Group Works Council, envia Mitteldeutsche Energie AG;  
Chairman of the joint General Works Council and the joint Halle/Kabelsketal Works Council, envia 
Mitteldeutsche Energie AG, MITGAS Mitteldeutsche Gasbedarf GmbH, Mitteldeutsche 
Netzgesellschaft Strom mbH and Mitteldeutsche Netzgesellschaft Gas mbH  
• envia Mitteldeutsche Energie AG2 
Andreas Schmitz 
Management consultant  
• Scheidt & Bachmann GmbH (Chairman) 
• Webasto SE (until October 2025)  
Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz  
Former Chief Executive Officer RWE AG 
• TÜV Rheinland AG 
• Encavis AG1 (Chairman) (until February 21, 2025; no longer listed on the stock exchange as of 
January 31, 2025) 
• Kärntner Energieholding Beteiligungs GmbH 
• KELAG-Kärntner Elektrizitäts-AG 
Elisabeth Wallbaum  
Team Leader of SE Works Council E.ON SE and E.ON Group Works Council 
Deborah Wilkens  
Management consultant  
Axel Winterwerber 
Chairman of the Works Council Frankfurt region and Chairman of the Group General Works 
Council, Süwag Gruppe; Deputy Chairman of the SE-Works Council, E.ON SE,  
Chairman of the Works Council, E.ON SE; 
• E.ON Pensionsfonds AG2 (until July 29, 2025) 
• Süwag Energie AG2 
• Syna GmbH2 
Supervisory Board Committees  
Executive Committee 
Erich Clementi, Chairman  
Frank Werneke, Deputy Chairman  
Ulrich Grillo 
René Pöhls  
Dr. Rolf Martin Schmitz 
Axel Winterwerber  
Audit and Risk Committee 
Andreas Schmitz, Chairman 
René Pöhls, Deputy Chairman 
Katja Bauer  
Anke Groth 
Elisabeth Wallbaum 
Deborah Wilkens 
Innovation and Sustainability Committee 
Klaus Fröhlich, Chairman  
Stefan May, Deputy Chairman  
Nadège Petit 
Axel Winterwerber 
Nomination Committee 
Erich Clementi, Chairman  
Ulrich Grillo, Deputy Chairman 
Andreas Schmitz 
Unless otherwise indicated, information is as of December 31, 2025, or as of the date on which membership in the E.ON SE Supervisory  Board ended. 
→• Directorships/memberships in other statutory supervisory boards. 
• Directorships/memberships in comparable domestic and foreign supervisory bodies of commercial enterprises.  
1Listed company. 
2E.ON Group directorships/memberships. 

[page 270]
Other Information →  Boards 270 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Management Board (and Information on Other Directorships) 
Dr.-Ing. Leonhard Birnbaum  
Born in 1967 in Ludwigshafen, Germany 
Chief Executive Officer of the Management Board since 2021 
Member of the Management Board since 2013 
Communication & Policy, Auditing, Strategy, Human Resources, Occupational Safety & 
Environmental Protection, Law & Compliance and Nucelar Coordination (PreussenElektra GmbH) 
• Georgsmarienhütte Holding GmbH (Chairman)  
• Nord Stream AG (until October 10, 2025) 
Nadia Jakobi  
Born in 1977 in Brilon, Germany 
Member of the Management Board since 2024 
Finance, Investor Relations, Mergers & Acquisitions, Accounting, Controlling, Risk Management, 
Tax, Finance Strategy & Transformation  
Dr. Thomas König 
Born in 1965 in Finnentrop, Germany 
Member of the Management Board since 2018 
Energy Networks (including Turkey), Procurement 
• Avacon AG2 (Chairman) 
• RheinEnergie AG (until July 31, 2025) 
• Stadtwerke Essen AG 
• Westenergie AG2 (Chairman from May 20 until December 31, 2025) 
• E.ON Grid Solutions GmbH2  (since September 12, 2025) 
• E.ON Hungária Zrt.2 (Chairman)  
• E.ON Česká republika s.r.o.2 (Chairman) 
• EG.D Holding a.s. 2 (Chairman)   
• Essener Wirtschaftsförderungsgesellschaft mbH  
Dr. Victoria Ossadnik 
Born in 1968 in Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
Member of the Management Board since 2021 
Digital Technology, Consulting, Cyber Security, Innovation  
• E.ON Digital Technology GmbH2 (Chairman) 
• Linde plc.1  
• Münchener Rückversicherungs-Gesellschaft AG1  
Dr. Marc Spieker 
Born in 1975 in Essen, Germany 
Member of the Management Board since 2017 
Energy Retail, Energy Infrastructure Solutions (“EIS”), Energy Management, Marketing 
• Süwag Energie AG2 (until May 27, 2025) 
• Nord Stream AG (until October 10, 2025) 
• E.ON Energie Deutschland GmbH2 (Chairman)  
• E.ON Energie A.S.2 (Chairman)  
• E.ON Italia S.p.A.2   
• Essent N.V.2 (Chairman) 
Unless otherwise indicated, information is as of December 31, 2025, or as of the date on which membership in the E.ON SE Sup ervisory Board ended. 
→• Directorships/memberships in other statutory supervisory boards. 
• Directorships/memberships in comparable domestic and foreign supervisory bodies of commercial enterprises.  
1Listed company. 
2E.ON Group directorships/memberships. 

[page 271]
Other Information →  Summary of Financial Highlights 271 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Summary of Financial Highlights 
Summary of Financial Highlights1     
€ in millions   2021  2022  2023  2024  2025 
Sales and earnings            
Sales   77,358  115,660  93,686  80,119  78,704 
Adjusted EBITDA2   7,889  8,059  9,370  9,049  9,849 
Adjusted EBIT2    4,723  5,197  6,387  5,762  6,227 
Net income/Net loss   5,305  2,242  760  5,562  2,280 
Net income/Net loss attributable to shareholders of E.ON SE  4,691  1,831  517  4,531  1,734 
Adjusted net income2    2,503  2,728  3,068  2,856  3,022 
Value measures            
ROCE (%)   7.8  8.8  10.7  8.8  8.9 
Asset and capital structure            
Non-current assets   80,637  81,769  83,034  85,307  88,407 
Current assets   39,122  52,240  30,472  26,054  22,278 
Total assets   119,759  134,009  113,506  111,361  110,685 
Equity   17,889  21,867  19,970  24,166  25,833 
Capital stock   2,641  2,641  2,641  2,641  2,641 
Minority interests without controlling influence   5,836  5,944  5,856  6,325  6,573 
Non-current liabilities   61,359  57,934  55,923  57,218  56,768 
Provisions   19,449  14,968  14,013  13,473  12,335 
Financial liabilities   28,131  28,965  30,823  34,100  34,053 
Other liabilities and other   13,779  14,001 ³ 11,087  9,645  10,380 
Current liabilities   40,511  54,208  37,613  29,977  28,084 
Provisions   11,782  5,528  4,866  4,292  4,040 
Financial liabilities   6,530  5,186  4,617  4,964  4,445 
Other liabilities and other   22,199  43,494 ³ 28,130  20,721  19,599 
Total assets and liabilities   119,759  134,009  113,506  111,361  110,685 
1Adjusted for discontinued operations.    
2Adjusted for non-operating effects.            
 
 
  

[page 272]
Other Information →  Summary of Financial Highlights 272 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Summary of Financial Highlights1     
€ in millions   2021  2022  2023  2024  2025 
Cash flow, investments, and financial ratios            
Cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations5    4,069  10,045  5,654  5,673  7,003 
Cash-effective investments   4,762  4,753  6,463 ⁴ 7,499 ⁴ 8,509 
Equity ratio (%)   15  16  18  22  23 
Economic net debt (at year-end)   38,773  32,742  37,691  41,067  43,236 
Cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations as a percentage of 
sales   5.3  8.7  6  7.1  8.9 
Stock and E.ON SE long-term ratings            
Earnings per share attributable to shareholders of E.ON SE (€)   1.8  0.70  0.20  1.73  0.66 
Dividend per share4 (€)    0.49  0.51  0.53  0.55  0.00 
Dividend payout6   1,278  1,331  1,384  1,437  0 
Moody’s   Baa2  Baa2  Baa2  Baa2  Baa2 
Standard & Poor’s   BBB  BBB  BBB  BBB+  BBB+ 
Fitch     BBB+  BBB+  BBB+  BBB+ 
Employees            
Employees (at year-end)7   69,733  69,378  72,242  76,566  78,270 
1Adjusted for discontinued operations.    
2Adjusted for non-operating effects. 
3The presentation of the maturities of liabilities from derivative financial instruments was adjusted by €16.7 billion as of D ecember 31, 2022, from non-current to current within the meaning of IAS 8.41 ff. 
This relates to energy procurement and sales contracts that are not classified as own-use contracts under IFRS 9 and are accounted for as commodity derivatives. 
4Adjustment of the previous year's figures due to the expansion of investments to include cash inflows and outflows for loans to affiliated non-consolidated companies as well as other loans. 
5Fully includes the Renewables segment from January 1, 2018, to September 18, 2019, and innogy’s business in the Czech Republic from September 18, 2019, to October 30, 2020. 
6For the respective financial year; the 2025 figure is management’s proposed dividend. 
7Core workforce does not include apprentices, working students, or interns. This figure reports full-time equivalents (“FTE”). 

[page 273]
Other Information →  Financial Calendar and Imprint 273 
 
E.ON Integrated Annual Report 2025 
 
Financial Calendar 
April 23, 2026 2026 Annual General Meeting 
May 13, 2026 Quarterly Statement: 
  January– March 2026 
August 12, 2026 Half-Year Financial Report: 
  January– June 2026 
November 11, 2026 Quarterly Statement: 
  January– September 2026 
 
 
Imprint 
E.ON SE  
Brüsseler Platz 1 
45131 Essen 
Germany 
T +49 201-184-00 
info@eon.com  
https://www.eon.com/en ↗ 
Journalists 
https://www.eon.com/en/about-us/media.html ↗ 
Analysts, shareholders and bond investors 
investorrelations@eon.com  
 
This Integrated Annual Report was published on February 25, 2026.  
Only the German version of this Integrated Annual Report is legally binding.  
This Integrated Annual Report contains certain forward-looking statements based on E.ON management’s current assumptions and forecasts and 
other currently available information. Various known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors could lead to material differences 
between E.ON’s actual future results, financial situation, development, or performance and the estimates given here. E.ON assumes no liability 
whatsoever to update these forward-looking statements or to confirm them to future events or developments. 