# Aegon Ltd. (AGN.AS)
# primary source: aegon-Integrated-annual-report-2025.pdf  (387 pages)

[page 2]
Contact
Head office
Aegon Ltd. 
World Trade Center Schiphol 
Schiphol Boulevard 223 
1118 BH Schiphol 
The Netherlands 
www.aegon.com
Investor relations
E-mail: ir@aegon.com
Media relations
E-mail: gcc@aegon.com
Agent for service in the United States of America
Andrew S. Williams 
E-mail: Andrew.S.Williams@transamerica.com
Colophon
Consultancy and design: DartDesign, Amsterdam (NL) 
Editing and production: Aegon Corporate Communications (NL) 
Typesetting: DartDesign, Amsterdam (NL)
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
2 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 3]
Welcome
Welcome to Aegon Ltd.’s Integrated Annual Report 
(Annual Report) 2025, which provides an overview 
of how we managed our business during the past year. 
The report outlines our business environment, our strategy, 
and sustainability approach. We describe the material 
topics that were identified through our double materiality 
assessment (DMA) process, and explains how we address 
them through our purpose and strategy to steer our 
business and create long-term value for our stakeholders. 
The report also contains Aegon Ltd.’s 2025 consolidated 
financial statements and its 2025 standalone financial 
statements.
We have prepared the consolidated financial statements 
in accordance with the International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS), as issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board (IASB) and adopted by the European Union.
The report also contains Aegon’s 2025 Sustainability 
statement, which was prepared in accordance with 
the European Sustainability Reporting Standards, 
as referred to in the EU Accounting Directive, and with 
the specifications adopted pursuant to Article 8(4) of 
the EU Taxonomy Regulation. The report also conforms 
to Bermuda laws and regulations. On December 31, 2025, 
Aegon qualified as a non-resident company under the Dutch 
Act on Non-Resident Companies. Consequently, this report 
has been drawn up in line with the applicable requirements 
set out in Title 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. In line 
with these requirements, the Board Report consists of 
the chapters “About Aegon” and “Governance and risk 
management,” and the “Sustainability statement.”
In compliance with the requirements that result from 
our listing on the New York Stock Exchange, we also 
prepare an Annual Report on Form 20-F in accordance 
with the requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission.
Throughout this document, Aegon Ltd. is also referred to 
as either “Aegon,” "the Holding," or “the company.” 
For the purposes of this report, “group companies” 
shall mean, with respect to Aegon Ltd., those entities 
consolidated in accordance with applicable legislation 
relating to consolidated accounts.
References to “NYSE” and “SEC” relate to the New York 
Stock Exchange and the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission, respectively. This report uses “EUR” and 
“euro” when referring to the lawful currency of European 
Monetary Union member states; “USD” and “US dollar” 
when referring to the lawful currency of the United States; 
and “GBP,” “UK pound,” and “pound sterling” when referring 
to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom.
If you have any comments or suggestions regarding 
this report, please contact our headquarters in Schiphol, 
the Netherlands. Contact details can be found at 
www.aegon.com.
 
 
PDF/printed version 
This document is the PDF/printed version of the Annual Report 2025 of Aegon Ltd. and has been prepared for ease of use and does not contain 
European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) information as specified in the Regulatory Technical Standards on ESEF (Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815). 
The Annual Report 2025 was made publicly available pursuant to section 5:25c of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (“Wet op het financieel toezicht”) 
and was filed with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) in European single electronic reporting format 
(the ESEF package). The ESEF package is available on the company's website and includes a human-readable XHTML version of the Annual Report 2025. 
The report of the independent auditor is issued with the ESEF reporting package. In the event of any discrepancies between this PDF/printed version and 
the ESEF package, the latter prevails.
About Aegon
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 3

[page 4]
Contents
About 
Aegon03
10 CEO interview
14 Our business environment
17 Our strategy
Governance and 
risk management45
46 Boards and governance
80 Risk management
93 Regulation and compliance
Financial 
information97
100 Consolidated financial 
statements of Aegon Ltd.
256 Business overviews
Sustainability 
information293
294 Sustainability statement
375 Additional information
385 Disclaimer
4 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 5]
Our purpose
As many people live for longer, the idea of a fixed, three-stage life – education, work, 
and retirement – no longer applies. Today, people increasingly mix periods of study, 
work, and career breaks, with new beginnings blending into countless combinations. 
Longer lives are not just about adding years, but also gaining the freedom to explore 
more opportunities.
These changes bring both challenges and possibilities. 
Whereas earlier generations often expected to slow down 
in retirement, many people today look forward to their later 
years being some of the most rewarding. Realizing that 
potential, however, requires more than just optimism: 
financial empowerment is key.
For Aegon, financial empowerment is central. Without 
the ability to plan, insure, and invest with confidence, 
opportunities can remain out of reach. By offering solutions 
that support financial security and flexibility, we help people 
make choices that fit their circumstances, whether that 
means pursuing a new career path, supporting their family, 
or enjoying retirement on their own terms. 
Social empowerment strengthens this foundation, 
giving people the networks, connections, and the sense of 
belonging that will help them thrive as they live longer lives.
And while health and vitality are part of the picture, 
our greatest contribution as an insurance and financial 
services company is to strengthen the financial foundations 
that enable people to take control of their future and realize 
these possibilities.
Across our markets, people are seeking partners they can 
trust to help them navigate this new reality. At Aegon, 
we are committed to being that partner. Through our 
businesses, we support the shift from the traditional three- 
stage life to a multi-stage one, enabling people from all 
walks of life to shape their journeys with confidence.
That is why we are guided and united by a single, clear 
purpose: Helping people live their best lives.
About Aegon
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 5

[page 6]
Who we are
Aegon is an international financial services group, with origins dating back to the 
first half of the 19  century, that helps millions of people plan, protect, and invest 
for their future. Through our businesses and partnerships, we offer life insurance, 
retirement, and asset management solutions that give people the confidence to live 
their best lives.
Headquartered in Schiphol, the Netherlands, and domiciled 
in Hamilton, Bermuda, Aegon operates businesses that 
reflect our purpose and our commitment to creating long- 
term value for our customers, shareholders, employees, 
and society.
Business overview
Aegon’s portfolio includes fully owned businesses in the 
Americas and the United Kingdom, a global asset manager, 
and a life insurer that serves affluent and high-net-worth 
individuals predominantly in Asia. Aegon also has insurance 
joint ventures in Spain & Portugal, China, and Brazil, and 
asset management partnerships in France and China, as 
well as a strategic shareholding in the Dutch insurance 
company a.s.r.
Aegon allocates capital toward profitable opportunities 
across these markets and leverages the talent, knowledge, 
processes, and technologies of its different businesses. 
Aegon derives its revenue and earnings from insurance 
premiums, investment returns, fees, and commissions. 
Aegon is growing its direct and affiliated distribution 
capabilities to engage directly with customers.
 
th
1 At year end.
2 Weighted average carbon intensity (WACI) of corporate fixed income and listed equity general account assets.
3 Full year result.
4 Refer to the Creating Sustainable Value chapter in the Employees section and onward for further information.
5 Non-IFRS financial measure. For reconciliation to the most directly comparable IFRS measure, see note 5 Segment information.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
6 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 7]
Our businesses
In the Americas, Aegon operates primarily under two 
brands. The first, Transamerica, is a leading provider of 
life insurance, retirement, and investment solutions in the 
United States. The business serves millions of customers 
with a strong track record of making financial services 
available to the many, not just the few. Transamerica’s four 
business segments – Distribution, Savings & Investments, 
Protection Solutions, and Financial Assets – reflect this 
strategy.
The second brand is World Financial Group (WFG), 
an affiliated network of over 95,000 licensed agents 
who provide access to life insurance and investment 
products across the United States and Canada.
In the United Kingdom, Aegon aims to become a leading 
digital savings and retirement platform provider in the 
workplace and advisor markets. The company offers a broad 
range of solutions to individuals, advisors, and employers. 
Aegon UK serves its customers through a combination of 
workplace and retail financial advisors.
In Spain & Portugal, Aegon has a strategic partnership 
with Banco Santander to distribute life, health, and non-life 
insurance products through the bank’s branches, with 
Aegon owning a 51% stake in the joint venture. Aegon’s own 
distribution channel offers life insurance, health insurance, 
and pension products.
In China, Aegon owns a 50% stake in Aegon THTF Life 
Insurance Company, which offers life insurance solutions 
through a network of branches.
In Brazil, Aegon has a 59.2% economic interest and 50% 
of voting common shares in Mongeral Aegon Group 
(MAG Seguros), the country’s third-largest independent life 
insurer. MAG Seguros offers individual protection solutions. 
Together with Banco Cooperativo do Brasil (Bancoob), 
MAG Seguros also operates a joint venture company 
dedicated to providing life insurance and pension products 
within the Sicoob, Brazil's largest cooperative financial 
system.
Transamerica Life (Bermuda) provides life insurance 
solutions to affluent and high-net-worth individuals, mainly 
in Asia, through offices in Hong Kong and Singapore. 
This business is supported by a recently opened 
representative office in Dubai.
Aegon Asset Management (Aegon AM) is a global 
investment manager providing solutions across fixed 
income, equities, multi-asset, and alternative investments. 
The business focuses on long-term investment performance 
for its clients, leveraging deep expertise in retirement- 
related and sustainable investment solutions.
Aegon AM operates through local subsidiaries and 
partnerships. It has long-standing joint businesses, including 
Aegon Industrial Fund Management Company in China 
(where Aegon owns a 49% stake) and La Banque Postale 
Asset Management (LBP AM) in France (where Aegon AM 
owns a 25% stake).
In the Netherlands, Aegon owns a strategic shareholding 
in a.s.r. following the 2023 transaction to combine Aegon 
Nederland with a.s.r. On September 3, 2025, Aegon reduced 
its shareholding in a.s.r. from approximately 30% to 
approximately 24%.
Further information about our businesses can be 
found in the business overview section of this report.
About Aegon
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 7

[page 8]
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
8 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 9]
About Aegon
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 9

[page 10]
10 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 11]
CEO interview
Entering a new chapter of growth
2025 was a landmark year for Aegon, especially 
with the decision to relocate the head office and 
legal seat to the US. Can you walk us through 
what drove that decision?
We started our transformation process in 2020, which was 
aimed at turning Aegon into a high-performing group of well- 
positioned businesses, anchored by a solid balance sheet, 
exceptional customer service, and engaged, well trained 
employees – operating in a select number of markets. 
We had to make profound and sometimes difficult decisions 
along the way, but they were necessary and that work has 
paid off. Today, we are a strong, focused, well-performing 
company. The success of the transformation so far allows 
us to take the next step.
At our Capital Markets Day (CMD) in London in December, 
we shared a sharper strategy for the next phase of our 
transformation. At the heart of this strategy is our ambition 
to become a leading US life insurance and retirement group, 
with international subsidiaries in insurance and asset 
management. This ambition reflects where our business 
already is today. Transamerica represents approximately 
70% of our operations and offers the strongest growth 
potential. It is in this context that we made the decision to 
make our biggest market our home market. Following a 
thorough review process that was announced in August, 
we communicated the decision to relocate our head office 
and legal seat to the US at that same CMD.
The decision to relocate was not taken lightly. We spoke 
with a wide range of stakeholders during the review process 
and looked at it very carefully from every angle. Aligning our 
head office and legal seat with where we generate most 
of our value – and where we see the biggest opportunities 
ahead – simply makes sense. We believe it will make Aegon 
more efficient, more transparent, and easier for all our 
stakeholders to understand.
Over time, we will seek inclusion in more US-focused indices, 
which can further broaden our investor base. We will move 
to US GAAP as our reporting standard, which will align our 
disclosures more closely with US peers and improve 
comparability. We plan to begin reporting under US GAAP 
with our full-year 2027 results. This is a complex transition, 
and it needs focus. Therefore, to support the operational 
efforts it requires, we will stop publishing trading updates 
in 2026 and 2027, and focus on half-year reporting.
Of course, we also spoke extensively with our internal 
stakeholders, particularly colleagues working for Aegon's 
head office who are directly affected by this decision. 
What makes me particularly proud is how our teams are 
approaching this process: thoughtfully, professionally, and 
with real empathy, while keeping a clear eye on the future.
But why now? Why not when Aegon moved its 
legal seat from the Netherlands to Bermuda 
in 2023?
That question comes up often, and it is a fair one.
Like I said, our transformation journey actually began 
in 2020, and we took another important step when we 
announced our Transamerica strategy at our 2023 CMD. 
At that time, we were not ready to make the US the clear 
center of gravity for the company. Too many factors required 
more certainty or internal resources: our management team 
in the US was relatively new; we needed to see more results 
from the execution of the US strategy we had just 
announced; we were wrapping up the implementation of 
IFRS17 and US GAAP was not yet available to us; and there 
was the closing of the a.s.r. transaction, to name but a few. 
Today, the situation is different.
We are now seeing the results of the successful execution 
of the US strategy, and we have completed many of these 
organizational milestones I mentioned. As a result, we are 
ready to take the next step. Our ambition is clear: we want 
to become a leading US life insurance and retirement group, 
serving everyday American families and small- to medium- 
sized businesses.
We are confident we have the team, the distribution network, 
and the momentum to make it happen.
And you’re not just relocating. You’re also 
renaming. Why?
I recognize that this is an emotional topic for many people, 
and I understand why they feel strongly about such a well- 
known brand leaving the Netherlands. Aegon is an iconic 
Dutch brand with a proud history, and that heritage deserves 
the utmost respect.
Having said that, it is important to acknowledge that 
Transamerica is a strong and iconic brand in its own right. 
It has been serving customers in the United States for 
over a century and is deeply rooted in American society. 
Millions of families know and trust that name. As we position 
ourselves as a leading US life insurance and retirement 
About Aegon
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 11

[page 12]
company, it is logical that the holding company reflects 
the brand that represents the majority of our business today. 
It is important to note that our operating businesses will 
continue to use their existing brands in their respective 
markets.
We can honor our history and embrace the future at the 
same time.
At Aegon’s 2025 CMD, you presented the next 
phase of the strategy. What was your key 
message?
For me, there were three key messages: First, we achieved 
or outperformed our targets. Second, we chose a clear 
path forward. And third, we raised our ambition to become 
a leading force in the US life insurance and retirement 
industry. A leader that serves “Main Street” American 
families and medium-sized companies. We continue to 
differentiate clearly between Strategic Assets, product 
lines we want to grow, and Financial Assets, legacy blocks 
where we aim to reduce capital employed and risk 
sensitivities over time. Against this backdrop, we have 
undertaken a reinsurance transaction to further strengthen 
Transamerica’s risk profile, reducing volatility and enhancing 
the business's operating capital generation and remittances.
So, the new phase of your strategy is purely 
focused on the US?
As mentioned before, our ambition is to become a leading 
US life insurance and retirement group, with international 
subsidiaries in insurance and asset management. Given 
the kind of products and services we offer our customers, 
we are very pleased with our global asset manager, Aegon 
Asset Management (Aegon AM). They are an important 
enabler of our strategy and at our CMD we shared that we 
are sharpening the focus of Aegon AM by growing third-party 
revenues, improving efficiency and continuing to collaborate 
closely with our insurance businesses.
Our businesses in Spain & Portugal, Brazil, China, and 
Transamerica Life Bermuda – which services high-net worth 
clients out of Hong Kong and Singapore – are mostly joint 
ventures with strong local partners that operate in some of 
the most promising markets in the world. These companies 
continue to grow successfully and we remain committed to 
investing in their profitable growth.
For Aegon UK, we are reviewing our options to maximize 
value for stakeholders. This includes a potential divestment.
How does M&A fit into the new phase of your 
strategy?
We are focused on profitably growing our business 
organically. However, if opportunities arise that fit our 
strategy and create long-term value, we will evaluate them 
against strict financial and non-financial criteria. If they make 
sense, our financial flexibility enables us to act. If they don’t, 
we won’t.
And how do you look back on Aegon’s 2025 
performance?
I am proud of the solid results we delivered. Despite a 
challenging environment - higher inflation, elevated interest 
rates, and global uncertainty - we remained focused on 
executing our strategy and continued to make deliberate, 
long-term decisions about our future. We met or exceeded 
our financial targets, maintained a strong balance sheet, 
and continued to return capital to shareholders.
Operating capital generation before holding and funding 
expenses increased to EUR 1.3 billion, ahead of target, 
demonstrating the resilience and cash-generating capacity 
of our businesses. Our operating result rose by 15% 
compared with 2024 to EUR 1.7 billion, supported by 
business growth across our units, favorable market impacts, 
and improved experience variances in both the Americas 
and our International businesses. Free cash flow amounted 
to EUR 829 million, consistent with our ambitions and 
underpinning our ability to return capital to shareholders.
In 2025, we sold part of our a.s.r. stake for gross proceeds of 
EUR 700 million, reducing our shareholding to around 24%. 
For the remaining stake, we remain a patient shareholder 
and will hold it until the share price reflects intrinsic value, 
or value-creating opportunities arise.
Additionally, we saw important changes to our Board. 
We bid farewell to long-standing Board member Dona 
Young, with deep gratitude for all her contributions over 
the years, and welcomed Lori Fouché and Jay Ralph as new 
members. Most importantly, David Herzog stepped into 
the role of Bill Connelly as Chair. I’m very grateful for Bill’s 
support and our close collaboration over the years and 
would like to officially and warmly welcome David.
How did you bring Aegon's purpose to life in 
2025?
Our purpose guides our decisions. Helping people live their 
best lives comes down to financial empowerment: giving 
customers the confidence to make informed financial 
decisions that impact their future.
In the US, for example, Transamerica continued to expand 
access to protection and retirement solutions for middle 
income families. Transamerica’s distribution network, 
World Financial Group (WFG), grew to over 95,000 licensed 
agents, helping more people in Canada and the US gain 
access to affordable protection, guidance, and tools to build 
financial resilience. In the UK, we launched Mylo, helping 
customers consolidate pensions and navigate key life 
moments. In Brazil, our joint venture MAG Seguros launched 
an initiative to provide life insurance to the country’s 18 
million favela residents - people for whom insurance has 
often not been an option. Another program supports families 
after a payout, pairing them with a financial advisor to help 
make informed decisions.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
12 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 13]
At the other end of the spectrum, Transamerica Life 
Bermuda launched Opus One Indexed Universal Life, 
supporting high-net-worth customers in planning their 
financial legacy.
Whether we are supporting communities in Brazilian favelas, 
high-net-worth families in Hong Kong, or middle-income 
families in the US, step by step we are helping people to 
make better financial choices. That is the essence of our 
purpose.
Sustainability has become a widely debated term 
in business this past year. How did your 
sustainability approach evolve over the year?
Sustainability remains important to us, and how we approach 
long-term value creation. As a provider of protection, 
retirement, and investment solutions, we aim to act as 
responsible stewards: managing risks carefully, allocating 
capital thoughtfully, and considering the broader 
environment in which our customers live and businesses 
operate.
Overall, our sustainability approach has become more 
data-driven and integrated with our business strategy. 
For example, in 2025, we completed a new double 
materiality assessment, required to comply with new EU 
reporting requirements. This assessment helps identify 
the topics that matter most to our stakeholders and our 
long-term performance. For us, those material topics are 
customers, business conduct, human capital, and climate 
change. In addition, financial empowerment was one of the 
material topics that emerged during the exercise, directly 
linking our societal impact to our purpose and products.
We continue to be recognized for the work that we do. 
For example, in 2025 MSCI had upgraded Aegon’s ESG 
rating from AA to AAA. While ratings are not an objective in 
themselves, they are an acknowledgement of the progress 
in strengthening governance, managing sustainability 
related risks, and improving transparency, including 
alignment with new EU reporting standards.
AI is also a hot topic on many agendas. How is 
Aegon using AI?
AI is helping us work more efficiently, scale as we grow, 
and improve customer experiences. For example, in the US, 
we’re automating parts of underwriting and strengthening 
fraud detection and service. In Spain and Brazil, teams are 
using AI to better understand customers, support sales, 
and streamline claims.
While AI can bring challenges around responsible use, 
governance, and data protection, we are already seeing 
tangible benefits. AI can strengthen how we operate, but 
it doesn’t replace the human side of our business. Trust, 
advice, and real relationships remain at the core and that 
will remain in the capable hands of our people.
Aegon has been through a lot of change. 
What has stood out to you about how employees 
have responded?
Our people are truly the heartbeat of Aegon, and what 
stands out to me is their resilience and adaptability.
We have seen a lot of change both inside and outside our 
company. Yet, our colleagues have continued to innovate, 
serve our customers, and help our company deliver results 
every day. And I am impressed by their passion with which 
they deliver on our customer service. Additionally, 
colleagues working for the head office have been involved 
in the exploration and the preparations for the relocation to 
the US. And they have done so with great professionalism 
and care. I want to thank each and every one of our 
employees for their continued commitment and 
contributions.
I am proud to see that, despite the many organizational 
changes, engagement remains strong. Our latest Global 
Employee Survey saw high participation and showed that 
colleagues are proud to be a part of Aegon.
It is important to me, from both a personal and business 
perspective, to continue building an environment where 
colleagues can bring their full selves to work. That diversity 
of thought and experience is essential to the culture we 
want to build, and the service and innovation we want to 
offer our customers.
Looking ahead, what will success look like a year 
from now, and what gives you confidence?
A year from now, I would like to see us making tangible 
progress on the strategy we set out at our CMD. That means 
continuing to simplify the business, grow profitably in all our 
markets and to make the company more efficient, while 
improving the experience for both customers and 
colleagues.
I expect us to take important steps on our relocation journey. 
This includes engaging with our shareholders to obtain their 
approval via an extraordinary general meeting expected in 
the fourth quarter of 2026 and taking the next steps toward 
US GAAP reporting with our full-year 2027 results. Those 
milestones matter, but they are part of a broader journey 
rather than an endpoint.
What gives me confidence is our combination of purpose, 
performance, and people. We have a clear direction, 
strong businesses, and colleagues united around a shared 
ambition: building leading businesses that offer investment, 
protection, and retirement solutions. I see that every day in 
the way teams collaborate, challenge each other, and stay 
focused – even when things are complex.
2025 was a turning point, and I am confident we are ready 
for the next frontier.
About Aegon
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 13

[page 14]
14 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 15]
Aegon operates in a dynamic environment shaped by economic, demographic, 
technological, and sustainability developments.
Understanding these trends enables us to anticipate 
change, refine our strategy, and identify opportunities 
to create lasting value for our stakeholders.
Macroeconomic and geopolitical context
In 2025, the world economy remained resilient. Global GDP 
grew moderately by approximately 3%, supported by 
ongoing business investment, technological advances, and 
improving labor markets. Inflation remained above central 
bank targets in several major economies, reflecting higher 
energy costs and wage growth. However, it was generally 
more contained than in previous years. Central banks 
maintained a cautious stance, balancing price stability 
with the need to sustain economic activity.
Equity markets maintained upward momentum, buoyed by 
corporate earnings and optimism regarding productivity 
gains from new technologies. Although financial conditions 
tightened in some regions, and there were periods of 
increased volatility during the year, overall market 
confidence remained strong.
The political environment remained complex, with political 
polarization persisting in many advanced economies. 
Political and social divisions continued to influence policy 
debates on immigration, climate, and taxation, with impacts 
on labor markets, investment flows, and consumer 
confidence.
Meanwhile, the geopolitical landscape continued to shift 
with the global order becoming increasingly fragmented 
and influence moving toward a multipolar system. 
Strategic competition among major blocs – including 
the United States, the European Union, and China – 
continued to reshape trade, alliances, and market access. 
Active conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, and 
regional tensions elsewhere, further disrupted supply 
chains and energy security. The increased use of tariffs, 
sanctions, and trade restrictions created further uncertainty 
for multinational businesses.
In this increasingly complex global landscape, Aegon 
continues to monitor and respond to macroeconomic and 
geopolitical developments that may impact our operations 
and strategic direction. Our 2025 Emerging Risk Scan 
underscored deglobalization, geopolitical fragmentation, 
and geoeconomic shifts as key themes.
It also assessed Aegon's preparedness for adverse 
developments, as well as routes to further strengthen 
our preparedness; for example, through scenario analysis 
and the identification of potential management actions. 
Relevant in this context is that Aegon has a well-developed 
crisis management framework.
Demographics and longevity
Demographic change continues to reshape economies and 
societies around the world. Many developed markets are 
facing a combination of aging populations and declining 
birth rates, which is putting pressure on labor markets, 
pension systems, and public finances. These shifts are 
influencing savings behavior, spending patterns, and the 
design of social support systems. Meanwhile, emerging 
markets are experiencing a different dynamic, with younger 
populations creating new engines for growth and 
consumption.
At the same time, people are living longer, and expectations 
of what later life can look like are evolving. Advances in 
healthcare, medical research, and lifestyle management 
are extending life expectancy and improving quality of life. 
The growing use of metabolic and chronic-disease 
treatments, such as weight loss - or GLP-1 - drugs, illustrates 
how medical innovation is reshaping wellbeing and longevity. 
While such developments hold promise for healthier and 
more active lives, they also raise questions about long-term 
effects, affordability, and equitable access.
Longer lives present both opportunities and challenges 
for societies. They can support economic activity through 
longer participation in the workforce and growing demand 
for education, housing, and leisure. But they also require 
adjustments to how individuals, employers, and 
governments plan for financial security, healthcare, 
and retirement.
As we move into 2026, public finances in many developed 
markets continue to face structural pressure from high 
debt levels and aging populations. Governments are 
balancing the need for fiscal discipline with investment 
in infrastructure, innovation, defense, and social programs. 
For long-term investors such as Aegon, these conditions 
underscore the importance of resilience, prudent capital 
management, and sustainable value creation.
Our business environment
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 15

[page 16]
New technologies and innovation
Technological innovation continued to accelerate 
in 2025, reshaping industries and business models. 
Artificial intelligence (AI) and automation are driving 
efficiency gains and creating new opportunities for 
customer engagement and operations optimization. 
Companies across sectors are adapting to this 
transformation by investing in digital capabilities 
and data infrastructure.
Different regulatory approaches have emerged across 
regions. The European Union’s Artificial Intelligence Act, 
which entered into force in August 2024, established one of 
the first comprehensive frameworks for the responsible use 
of AI. Meanwhile, other markets, including the United States, 
are taking more decentralized approaches.
The growing demand for data processing and computing 
power has also drawn attention to energy use and 
the environmental footprint of digital infrastructure. 
At the same time, the rising of cybersecurity risks and 
misinformation underscores the importance of strong 
governance and digital trust.
In 2025, Aegon continued to explore the potential of AI, 
with an initial focus on internal productivity and operational 
support, while maintaining a cautious approach to customer- 
facing applications. As AI innovation accelerates, Aegon 
aims to prioritize the safe and responsible use of these 
technologies, including protecting sensitive information, 
responding to evolving regulatory expectations across 
jurisdictions, and managing dependencies on external 
technology providers.
Sustainability developments
The global sustainability landscape in 2025 remained 
complex. While the transition to a low-carbon economy 
continued, progress varied among regions. Europe 
maintained its momentum through new disclosure 
and climate-related regulation, while the United States 
and parts of Asia pursued more market-driven approaches. 
This created both opportunities for innovation and 
complexity for multinational companies operating 
across jurisdictions.
Physical climate risks became increasingly visible during 
the year, with a rise in extreme weather events affecting 
communities and infrastructure. At the same time, concerns 
over energy security and renewed investment in fossil fuels 
reflected the challenge of balancing short-term needs with 
longer-term transition goals.
Capital markets continued to integrate sustainability 
considerations into investment decisions, establishing 
a closer link between climate performance and access 
to capital. Companies were expected to demonstrate 
measurable progress, transparency, and alignment with 
local regulatory frameworks.
For Aegon, these developments reaffirm the importance of 
embedding sustainability across all facets of our business 
as global expectations evolve, from responsible investment 
and product design to operations and risk management. 
We continue to integrate sustainability considerations into 
investment and business practices while managing the 
differing pace of transition across markets. At the same time, 
we remain focused on supporting a balanced transition, 
enhancing financial and social resilience, and helping people 
secure a better future in a rapidly changing world.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
16 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 17]
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 17

[page 18]
At Aegon, we build leading businesses that can thrive in a changing environment 
and that respond to the evolving needs and expectations of our stakeholders.
We aim to give people the confidence and flexibility to live 
their best lives and contribute to a better world. As we work 
to realize our vision to create leading businesses in 
investment, protection, and retirement solutions, we also 
consider the opportunities and challenges our stakeholders 
face in today’s evolving financial services landscape.
As communicated at our Capital Markets Day (CMD) in 
December 2025, we have concluded that the future of our 
company is in the United States (US). In the world’s largest 
and most dynamic insurance market, we are positioning 
ourselves to capture significant growth opportunities in life, 
protection, and retirement solutions. Our ambition is to 
become a leading US life insurance and retirement group, 
reflecting the scale and growth potential of Transamerica, 
which represents approximately 70% of our operations. 
As an enabler of this ambition, we are relocating our head 
office and legal seat to the US. Following completion of 
the relocation, we plan to rename the holding company 
Transamerica Inc., while our business units will continue 
to operate under their current brands. We aim to become a 
domestic issuer in the US by January 1, 2028, and to report 
our 2027 full-year results under the US GAAP accounting 
standard.
Guided by our purpose
Our purpose of helping people live their best lives guides 
how we engage with our customers as well as our wider 
stakeholder community. We aim to maximize value for all 
stakeholders by enabling them to seize the opportunities 
presented by a changing demographic landscape and 
to join us in helping to shape a healthy, equitable world. 
This approach provides the foundation for Aegon’s vision 
and strategy, as well as all subsequent business planning 
and decision-making.
Aegon’s investment, protection, and retirement solutions 
are designed to help our customers navigate a longer, multi- 
stage life and make the right choices for their future. For our 
workforce, we aim to foster a purpose-led, inclusive culture 
that leads to rewarding and fulfilling career opportunities. 
We seek to cultivate strong, respectful relationships with our 
suppliers and business partners that enable them to support 
our customers. For our investors, we focus on generating 
predictable, competitive returns.
In addition to addressing the needs and expectations of our 
immediate stakeholders, we seek to have a positive impact 
on the world around us through our sustainability approach. 
This includes our long-standing commitment to responsible 
investing, our net-zero ambitions, and our focus on fostering 
a fair and inclusive company.
Building on our strengths
At the holding level, Aegon is responsible for developing 
its strategy, allocating capital, defining its risk appetite, 
setting targets, supporting talent development, and driving 
performance and strategy implementation. We also take a 
centralized approach to determining functional mandates, 
setting global policies and frameworks, and providing 
shareholder services. In parallel, our businesses develop 
local strategies and operating plans within the company’s 
strategic framework and ensure their implementation.
One of Aegon’s most important resources is the deep 
knowledge and expertise of its global workforce. Across 
our businesses and partnerships, we aim to attract, retain, 
and develop talent, and we leverage synergies where 
relevant; for example, through the strong links between 
our businesses and our global asset manager. Similarly, 
Aegon’s asset management teams strive to deliver strong 
investment returns for their third-party customers and 
Aegon’s own insurance balance sheets, while contributing 
significantly to the company's US strategy.
Clear strategic focus, delivered through 
our businesses and partnerships
Since 2020, Aegon has taken structured steps to become 
a more focused company with improved operational 
performance, a stronger balance sheet, and an enhanced 
risk profile. The strategy presented at our 2025 CMD builds 
on the successful execution of our transformation journey 
and positions us as a US-based life insurance and retirement 
group.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
18 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 19]
United States: building a bigger, broader, more 
profitable industry leader with Transamerica
Transamerica is an iconic brand at the heart of “Main Street” 
America with unique customer access points. This makes it 
strongly positioned to serve middle-market and mass- 
affluent families and medium-sized companies - a large, 
underserved segment of the US marketplace - through 
advantaged distribution and a broad product portfolio.
Transamerica's ambition is to become America’s leading 
“Main Street” life insurance and retirement company by 
continuing to grow its portfolio of Strategic Assets. 
Separately, the company manages legacy blocks of 
business - its Financial Assets - where we aim to reduce 
capital employed and risk sensitivities over time.
Distribution (including WFG)
The Distribution business segment focuses on the 
distribution of life insurance and annuity products to 
“Main Street” America and consists mainly of World Financial 
Group (WFG), an affiliated network of over 95,000 licensed 
agents in the US and Canada. Transamerica aims to develop 
this distribution engine, grow the network of WFG agents to 
around 110,000 agents by 2027, and expand relationships 
with third-party providers. The business plans to modernize 
its technology to meet evolving customer needs, while 
maintaining a relentless focus on productivity. Transamerica 
is targeting WFG total life sales growth of 14% per year to 
around USD 900 million, and total annuity sales growth of 
7% per year to around USD 5 billion in 2027, resulting in 
double-digit revenue and earnings growth rates over the 
period.
Protection Solutions
The Protection Solutions business segment includes the life 
insurance, health insurance (employee benefits), registered 
indexed annuities, and variable annuities lines of the 
Transamerica business, which it aims to grow strategically. 
These products are distributed through WFG and other 
distribution channels. Transamerica aims to leverage its 
modernized life operating model in the Protection Solutions 
business segment by expanding the product offering, 
increasing profitability, and enhancing distribution across 
WFG and third-party channels. At Aegon’s 2025 CMD, 
Transamerica shared that it targets to increase new life 
sales by 15% per year to around USD 720 million in 2027 
at attractive returns, and to continue to grow annuity sales.
Transamerica is also exploring options to expand into the 
attractive Fixed Indexed Annuities segment. This includes 
plans to invest in the necessary capabilities, while being 
highly selective in how it enters this marketplace.
Savings & Investments (Retirement)
Transamerica’s Savings & Investments business segment 
offers retirement plans, mutual funds, collective investment 
trusts, and stable value solutions. In retirement plans, 
Transamerica is capitalizing on its leadership position 
in pooled retirement plans, while broadening ancillary 
solutions and improving economics. The ambition includes 
targeting approximately USD 275 billion in retirement plan 
assets under administration by the end of 2027 and 
increasing Return on Assets to around 11 basis points (bps) 
by that year.
Financial Assets
Financial Assets are typically more capital-intensive and can 
induce earnings volatility. These include Aegon's Universal 
Life, Annuities, and standalone Long-Term Care insurance 
portfolios. Transamerica aims to lower capital employed 
for Financial Assets to USD 2.2 billion by year-end 2027 by 
reducing risk sensitivities through management actions and 
transactions. Management actions include unilateral actions 
that Transamerica can execute itself or bilateral actions 
that require approval from clients or regulators. In addition, 
transactions with third parties on parts of the Financial 
Assets portfolio reduce the risk exposure further. As an 
example, Aegon announced a reinsurance transaction on 
part of the Secondary Guarantee Universal Life (SGUL) 
portfolio at the 2025 CMD. This transaction covers 30% of 
the face value of Transamerica’s SGUL business, bringing 
the total value addressed to 80% of the total SGUL portfolio 
in combination with previously executed management 
actions. The transaction resulted in a minimal impact on 
Aegon's valuation equity and operating profit, while 
removing potential variances and risks associated with 
mortality and policyholder behavior in the future.
Overall, Transamerica’s plan aims to enable operating result 
growth and remittances growth of around 5% per year over 
the next two years from a 2025 run-rate of USD 1.4–1.6 
billion and USD 675 million, respectively.
Our strategy
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 19

[page 20]
Aegon Asset Management: grow third-party 
revenues and improve efficiency
Our global asset manager, Aegon Asset Management 
(Aegon AM), is an important contributor to our strategy. 
We are expanding its third-party business by focusing on 
higher revenue-margin strategies, with the ambition for 
third-party revenue growth to outpace assets under 
management growth. We are implementing initiatives to 
improve scalability and efficiency with the aim to increasing 
the Global Platforms operating margin to at least 20% by 
2027. The strategic partnerships in China and France are 
expected to continue to grow, contributing strongly to 
earnings and remittances from Aegon AM. The strong 
collaboration between Transamerica and Aegon AM is 
contributing significantly to Transamerica’s growth plans.
These plans aim to increase remittances from Aegon AM 
by more than 5% a year until 2027, while increasing Aegon 
AM’s operating result compared to the 2025 run-rate.
Growth market strategy
Aegon will continue to invest in profitable growth in its 
International business, which includes growth markets 
in Spain & Portugal, Brazil, China, and Transamerica Life 
Bermuda (TLB). These businesses, mostly joint ventures with 
strong local partners, operate in some of the most promising 
markets in the world. In Spain, we plan to grow the business 
by leveraging Banco Santander's extensive network, 
focusing on delivering excellent customer service and 
attractive products. In Brazil, we want to continue our 
successful growth trajectory as a top-three independent life 
insurer. In China, we have strengthened and expanded our 
distribution with our preferred partners in this vast market 
while optimizing and preserving our capital position. At TLB, 
we are uniquely positioned to serve the high-net-worth 
community in Asia and the Middle East.
These businesses are expected to continue to upstream 
remittances and contribute to the company's operating 
results, building growth on product innovation, customer 
service, and expanding distribution.
United Kingdom strategy makes progress
Aegon’s strategy to transform Aegon UK into a leading digital 
savings and retirement platform continues to make good 
progress, and the business remains a reliable and growing 
source of revenue for the company. In the context of 
strengthening the focus on the US, Aegon announced at its 
2025 CMD that it will begin a strategic review of Aegon UK 
to assess the best way to accelerate and maximize value 
for all stakeholders. During this review, all options will be 
evaluated, including a potential divestment.
Capital management
Maintaining a strong balance sheet is a prerequisite for 
Aegon to achieve its overall vision. It allows us to build 
leading, advantaged businesses and create value for our 
customers and wider stakeholder base in line with our 
purpose. We maintain a clear capital management policy 
that informs our capital deployment decisions and is 
supported by reliable remittances from our business units.
Operating companies are well capitalized. We aim to return 
excess capital to stockholders over time unless Aegon can 
invest it in value-creating opportunities. These may include 
investments in the existing operating companies as well as 
mergers and acquisitions, with priority in the US. Aegon 
remains financially disciplined and rational in its decision- 
making when assessing acquisition opportunities.
As part of this policy, Aegon is investing in future earnings 
power by growing its profitable product portfolio and 
accepting the capital needs associated with this growth. 
As such, capital employed in Strategic Assets is expected 
to increase and result in attractive returns. Aegon aims 
to reduce capital employed in Financial Assets, targeting 
USD 2.2 billion by the end of 2027.
The combination of strongly capitalized operating units 
and readily available cash capital at the holding is central to 
Aegon’s capital management, enabling the company to fund 
growth, implement change, and withstand stress events and 
market cycles.
Over the past few years, Aegon has operated Cash Capital 
at Holding at the top of the operating range of EUR 0.5 to 1.5 
billion due to the extensive restructuring within its business 
units. By the end of 2026, Aegon plans to bring Cash Capital 
at Holding down to around EUR 1 billion, which is the mid- 
point of the operating range.
Aegon will remain a patient shareholder of a.s.r. and will 
benefit from its progress. The cash flow from a.s.r. supports 
our own dividend and interest costs. We continue to hold 
the stake until the a.s.r. share price reflects its intrinsic value 
and/or value-creating opportunities present themselves.
Our debt structure and funding decisions are primarily 
driven by economic considerations, with due regards to 
market circumstances, regulatory requirements, and 
rating agency factors. Aegon’s financial position and balance 
sheet strength are currently subject to group supervision by 
the Bermuda Monetary Authority (BMA). In light of our 
announced intention to relocate our head office and legal 
seat to the US, we continue to manage the transition in 
a controlled manner, including the expected once-off 
implementation costs. Any financial flexibility will be 
prioritized for the US, in line with our strategic focus.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
20 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 21]
Growing capital distributions
Aegon aims to grow its dividend in line with its free cash flow, 
supported by disciplined capital management. Any capital 
deployment decisions consider our financial leverage, our 
capital position, and the investments required to execute 
our strategy. Surplus cash flow that is not required for value- 
creating opportunities is returned to shareholders over time 
through a combination of dividends and share buybacks.
Over the 2025 financial year, Aegon increased the dividend 
to shareholders by 14% to 40 eurocents per common 
share from 35 eurocents per common share over 2024. 
In addition, in the first half of the year, it executed a 
EUR 150 million share buyback program, including 
approximately EUR 40 million to meet Aegon’s obligations 
under the share-based compensation plans for senior 
management. In the second half of the year, 
Aegon completed another share buyback program of 
EUR 400 million. Shares that were not purchased to meet 
Aegon’s obligations under the share-based compensation 
plans for senior management were canceled in December 
2025, reducing the total share count.
For 2026 and 2027, Aegon has set financial ambitions 
that include free cash flow growth of around 5% per year 
and dividend per share growth of more than 5% per year 
(subject to Board and other relevant approvals). To support 
shareholder returns, Aegon has announced a new EUR 400 
million share buyback program to be split evenly between 
the first and second halves of 2026.
Aegon is confident in its current level of gross financial 
leverage, around EUR 5 billion based, on the current 
business perimeter. There were no significant changes 
in the debt position during 2025.
Transition to the United States
Aegon’s decision to relocate its head office and legal 
domicile follows the review announced in August 2025 
and supports our commitment to prioritizing resources 
toward building a leading US life insurance and retirement 
group. Aegon aims to begin reporting under US GAAP for 
the first time with its 2027 full-year results. To facilitate 
this transition, Aegon will stop publishing trading updates in 
2026 and 2027, limiting disclosures to half-year reporting, 
and expects its common stock to remain listed on Euronext 
and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) following the 
relocation. The transition is expected to have an estimated 
one-time implementation cost of around EUR 350 million, 
which includes costs for the implementation of US GAAP, 
winding down the existing head office set-up, and setting up 
the new head office structure, and will be incurred between 
2H 2025 and 1H 2028.
Our strategy
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 21

[page 22]
22 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 23]
Our approach to sustainability is guided by our purpose of Helping people live 
their best lives.
As both an investor and provider of financial products 
and services, at Aegon we recognize our responsibility to 
address issues that affect a broad range of stakeholders 
and influence the future of society, the environment, 
and our business performance. We aim to integrate 
sustainability meaningfully into how we operate, invest, 
and make decisions, balancing long-term value creation 
with the needs and expectations of our stakeholders.
In 2025, we continued to make progress in reducing 
emissions, integrating sustainability across our operations, 
and promoting inclusion. We also introduced new climate 
ambitions for 2030 that build on this foundation. At the same 
time, we identified opportunities to strengthen sustainability 
awareness across our organization.
Embedding sustainability in our business
Aegon’s sustainability approach is an integral part of 
its strategy and strives to take into account the 
expectations, interests, and perspectives of stakeholders. 
It is guided by international frameworks such as the UN 
Global Compact (UNGC), the UNEP FI Principles for 
Sustainable Insurance, the Principles for Responsible 
Investment (PRI), and the Net-Zero Asset Owner Alliance 
(NZAOA). These commitments support alignment with 
regulatory standards, such as the EU Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD), and guide 
our efforts to contribute to a more resilient economy 
and society.
Strengthening focus through the double 
materiality assessment
A key milestone in 2025 was the enhanced double 
materiality assessment (DMA). The assessment adopted 
a more data-driven, quantitative approach to determine 
which sustainability issues most affect Aegon, and where 
Aegon has the greatest impact on society and the 
environment.
The 2025 DMA identified four material topics: climate 
change, human capital, customers, and business conduct. 
These topics are listed in the table on the next page and 
reflect a sharper focus than in previous years, ensuring that 
our efforts remain targeted and aligned with our purpose. 
They also inform our future reporting and guide our actions 
across the value chain, from suppliers and operations to 
customers and investment management.
Transitioning investments and operations 
to net zero
As part of Aegon’s responsible investment framework, 
we aspire to transition our general account investment 
portfolio, which is valued at approximately EUR 70 billion, 
to net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050, supporting 
the global transition to a low-carbon economy. By 2030, 
Aegon aims to:
 
Reduce the weighted average carbon intensity of our 
corporate fixed income and listed equity general account 
assets by 50% against a 2019 baseline;
 Reduce the scope 1 and 2 carbon intensity of our directly 
held real-estate investments by 42% against a 2019 
baseline;
 Invest an additional USD 1 billion, on top of the USD 2.5 
billion already committed, in activities that help mitigate 
or adapt to climate change; and
 Continue engagement with at least the top 20 corporate 
carbon emitters in Aegon’s general account portfolio.
In line with these ambitions, we also aim to reduce 
the carbon footprint of our operational scope 1 and 2 
activities by 75% by 2030 compared to a 2019 baseline. 
Progress against these targets is regularly reviewed and 
reported to Aegon’s Board.
Continuous engagement and governance
Throughout 2025, we strengthened our sustainability 
governance and stakeholder engagement. We implemented 
an updated Global Sustainability Board Charter to further 
support cross-functional oversight and coordination on 
sustainability priorities across our businesses. We also 
engaged with peers and investors to stay aligned with 
evolving sustainability expectations and regulatory 
developments.
Within our investment portfolio, we continued to engage 
with investees on a range of sustainability topics. 
As part of our responsible investment approach, we 
engaged with high-emitting companies in our general 
account portfolio, as well as companies in breach of UNGC 
principles. Our signatory status with the NZAOA continued 
to provide us with guidance on setting science-based 
targets and tracking progress in line with the Paris 
Agreement.
Our sustainability approach
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 23

[page 24]
Looking ahead
In the coming years, Aegon will continue to work toward 
its 2030 sustainability targets, further embed financial 
empowerment as a material sustainability matter, and 
seek to enhance data quality and transparency across 
its operations and reporting. By doing so, we aim to ensure 
that our efforts remain credible, measurable, and aligned 
with our purpose of Helping people live their best lives.
Aegon’s material topics
Material topic
Including the following sustainability 
matters:
Link to stakeholder value 
creation
Link to details in 
“Sustainability statement”
Climate change
Climate change adaptation Society 
Suppliers Environmental information
Climate change mitigation
Human capital
General working conditions
Employees Social information: Human 
capital
Social dialogue
Training and skills development
Equal treatment and opportunities
Measures against violence and harassment in 
the workplace
Customers
Data privacy
Customers Social information: CustomersResponsible marketing practices
Financial empowerment
Business conduct
Protection of whistleblowers
Society Governance information: 
Business conductPrevention and detection of corruption and 
bribery
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
24 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 25]
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 25

[page 26]
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
26 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 27]
Creating sustainable value
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 27

[page 28]
Creating sustainable value 
for our stakeholders
Aegon seeks to create value for a broad range of stakeholders, which include 
customers, employees, business partners, investors, and society.
Guided by our purpose, we view our business as one 
that contributes positively to society through the products 
we offer and the employment and economic activity we 
generate. We share the value we create through our diverse 
businesses and global workforce. At the same time, we 
recognize that certain decisions and activities can have 
unintended negative impacts on our stakeholders or the 
environment. Proactively identifying and managing these 
potential impacts is therefore an integral part of our 
decision-making, as is pursuing opportunities to deliver 
positive outcomes.
Customers
Helping people live their best lives begins with giving 
customers the confidence and tools to take control of 
their finances. Aegon’s businesses are focused on improving 
financial wellbeing and expanding access to products and 
services that enable people to make informed financial 
decisions. This includes saving for retirement, protecting 
loved ones, and investing for the future.
Empowering customers
Financial empowerment was identified as a material topic 
in our 2025 double materiality assessment (DMA). A key 
element of our purpose is to provide people with the 
knowledge, advice, and solutions they need to build 
resilience and make confident choices throughout a longer, 
multi-stage life. We aim to achieve this by improving access 
to protection and savings solutions, strengthening financial 
literacy, and helping people confidently plan for every stage 
of life.
Each of Aegon’s businesses contributes to this ambition 
in ways that reflect the needs of their local customers 
and markets.
 Transamerica and World Financial Group (WFG) continue 
to support "Main Street" America, a large and diverse 
segment that remains underserved by financial services. 
In 2025, Transamerica increased access to its My Life 
Access customer portal, providing around 1.5 million 
additional life insurance policyowners with a single 
location to view and manage their policies online, 
with almost one in five customers now using the site. 
Retirement plan participants benefited from an upgraded 
mobile app, including Spanish-language functionality and 
mobile enrollment capabilities, contributing to higher 
usage (from approximately 1.2 million to 1.7 million 
monthly logins) and an average 2025 app-store rating of 
4.8 out of 5. Transamerica also launched FFIUL II Express, 
an indexed universal life insurance product that provides 
instant underwriting decisions and coverage in minutes, 
with early feedback from agents and customers indicating 
very high satisfaction and ease of use. To better support 
distribution partners, Transamerica expanded its Life 
Access agent portal and introduced the Transamerica 
Learning Center, providing WFG agents with improved 
business visibility and on-demand training. WFG, a critical 
distribution partner for reaching diverse and often 
underserved communities, continued to embed its “WFG 
Way” principles and strengthened training on ethical, 
inclusive sales practices. Together, these initiatives help 
more people in the communities where WFG agents live 
and work access affordable protection, guidance, and 
tools to build financial resilience.
 
In 2025, Aegon UK advanced its transformation into a 
leading savings and retirement platform, helping millions 
of customers plan for later life. Through the Aegon Digital 
Experience (ADX) and the Mylo app (see following page), 
customers can now navigate their pensions more 
intuitively and consolidate plans with ease. The business 
also continues to promote financial education and 
awareness through initiatives such as Pension Geeks, 
which has reached thousands of people through 
workplace and online sessions and Money:Mindshift, 
Aegon UK's updated take on financial wellbeing. Customer 
satisfaction remains a priority.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
28 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 29]
 During the year, our international businesses in Brazil, 
China, and Spain & Portugal continued to grow their 
customer bases by increasing sales of protection and 
savings products, and by expanding digital capabilities that 
make advice and service more accessible. In emerging 
markets, this progress contributes directly to financial 
inclusion by providing more people with access to the 
necessary tools and knowledge needed to secure their 
futures. One example comes from Brazil, where Aegon’s 
joint venture, MAG Seguros (MAG), launched an initiative 
to provide life insurance to the country’s 18 million favela 
residents, marking the first insurance business designed 
specifically for these often-neglected communities. 
For many people in these poorer neighborhoods, being 
protected by life insurance has not been an option. 
MAG Seguros is working to change this through local 
partnerships, such as with social empowerment non- 
governmental organization (NGO) Central Única das 
Favelas (CUFA).
Listening and improving
Delivering positive customer experiences is essential 
to achieving our purpose. Aegon’s businesses in the 
United States and the United Kingdom track customer 
satisfaction through Net Promoter Scores (NPS) and 
regular customer feedback loops. These insights are used 
to improve products, simplify digital journeys, and promote 
clear and transparent communications that are designed 
to be responsive to customer needs.
Responsible conduct and data protection
Trust is fundamental to Aegon’s relationships with 
customers and other stakeholders. We strive to 
continuously improve our policies, controls, and oversight 
to offer fair, balanced, and responsible products, services, 
and marketing practices. As digitization accelerates, we 
continue to focus on our efforts to protect people's data 
and use technology responsibly. Our global privacy and 
information security frameworks are regularly reviewed 
and audited to comply with regulations and safeguard the 
confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information.
Driving customer engagement 
through Mylo
Aegon UK launched Mylo in 2025 as a new customer 
proposition. Initially available to the 900,000 
customers using Workplace ARC, it will ultimately 
become the way that every customer engages with 
Aegon UK products. Mylo aims to help customers 
make decisions about big life moments and uses a 
modern tone of voice to make itself more accessible. 
Mylo makes it easy for customers to take action, 
providing them with education, guidance, and advice in 
a timely fashion when needed. The platform is built on 
modern cloud-based technology, allowing it to deliver 
a highly personalized service and proactive nudges in 
the future. The initial results show that it is delivering a 
transformation in the level of engagement and the 
actions being taken. In 2026, Aegon UK’s focus will be 
on making Mylo available to more customers, widening 
the range of life moments that can be supported and 
developing the availability of education, guidance, and 
advice.
Data security
Protecting customer information remains a top priority 
for Aegon. Our Global Information Security policy and 
governance framework aim to prevent cyber threats 
and minimize the impact of any potential disruption for 
customers and other stakeholders. The framework 
establishes standardized procedures to detect and address 
data breaches and strengthen resilience against emerging 
risks such as phishing, ransomware, and AI-enabled attacks.
The policy applies to all of Aegon’s fully owned businesses 
and extends to contractors and joint ventures through 
equivalent standards. Aegon monitors the effectiveness 
of its controls through dedicated information security 
metrics that measure performance and maturity across 
the organization. Mandatory training on information security 
helps employees stay alert to evolving risks, while also 
reinforcing responsible behavior.
Creating sustainable value
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 29

[page 30]
WFG in Canada expands strategic 
relationship with Manulife
WFG in Canada has expanded its strategic 
relationship with Manulife to improve access to life 
insurance for middle-income Canadians, a group often 
underserved by the financial services sector. Nearly 
one-third of Canadians are uninsured or underinsured, 
presenting a key opportunity for WFG agents to help 
support those communities. Following a successful 
pilot, more agents can now offer Manulife products, 
including the Vitality program and segregated fund 
options. The initiative includes enhanced training, 
compliance oversight, and onboarding. This marks 
a milestone in the WFG–Manulife relationship, 
which began in 2017 and previously focused on travel, 
health, and dental insurance. The expansion aims 
to strengthen financial foundations and better serve 
diverse communities.
Data privacy
Aegon’s approach to privacy is grounded in accountability 
and transparency. Dedicated policies and procedures 
are updated regularly and supported by Privacy Control 
Frameworks that measure privacy maturity. Regular audits 
and self-assessments are conducted to support compliance 
with data protection laws, internal policies, standards, and 
governance requirements.
Each Aegon business unit maintains local privacy oversight 
aligned with the group standards to promote consistent 
protection of personal information worldwide. The Group 
Chief Privacy Officer is responsible for our data privacy 
compliance strategy and privacy oversight. The Data 
Protection Officer (DPO) together with the operational 
privacy teams, is responsible for local implementation 
and monitoring.
Employees
Our people are essential to achieving our purpose and 
strategy. As highlighted in our 2025 DMA, our workforce 
is one of the areas where Aegon can make the greatest 
impact, both by driving performance and by contributing 
to a more sustainable organization. We take a holistic view 
of our workforce, empowering colleagues everywhere 
to grow, develop, and succeed, which in turn strengthens 
the foundation of our company.
Wellbeing and engagement
We aim to foster a work environment that supports 
collaboration, connection, and balance.
In 2025, we completed major workplace transitions, 
including moving our global headquarters to WTC Schiphol 
Airport near Amsterdam. The new location includes spaces 
designed for flexibility and teamwork.
A key measure of engagement is our Global Employee 
Survey (GES), which is conducted twice a year. The survey 
provides valuable insights into how our colleagues 
experience working at Aegon. It helps us track engagement 
and inform local initiatives that strengthen wellbeing 
and professional development.
By investing in our people, Aegon reinforces its long-term 
strength and its purpose of Helping people live their best 
lives. We remain committed to building a workforce in which 
all our colleagues – wherever they are based – can grow and 
contribute to our shared success.
Investing in our people
In 2025, we continued to invest in the growth and wellbeing 
of employees across all our businesses. We aim to provide 
an environment where people feel valued, supported, 
and empowered to thrive, regardless of their background, 
identity, or career stage. During the year, we expanded our 
Global Talent Marketplace and We Learn platforms to offer 
more opportunities for skill development, career mobility, 
and project-based learning. Our Best Life Leadership 
Program also evolved, with a stronger focus on inclusive 
leadership, future-ready capabilities, and collaboration 
across our businesses.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
30 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 31]
Empowering our people
In line with our purpose Helping people live their best life, 
Aegon promotes equal opportunities and recognizes the 
diverse experiences of our colleagues, whether they are 
from underrepresented groups or majority populations. 
We aim to ensure that everyone has the same opportunity 
to learn, contribute, and advance, guided by fairness, 
respect, and accountability. In 2025, this included:
Global Talent Marketplace
Aegon’s Global Talent Marketplace (TMP) is an AI-powered 
platform that supports internal mobility across our 
businesses and geographies by helping employees build 
networks, find mentors, and access internal roles and short- 
term “gigs.” Available to all employees, it reinforces our 
Perform & Development approach by enabling people to 
take greater ownership of their careers based on skills and 
competencies, while also helping the business respond 
more quickly to change by redistributing talent where 
needed.
In 2025, we further embedded TMP in the organization 
and used its insights to guide ongoing skills and people 
development, tracking effectiveness through usage, gigs, 
employee feedback, and engagement indicators.
We Learn
In 2025, our global learning resource platform, We Learn, 
was further embedded in the business to drive tailored 
learning programs based on skills development and 
specific development needs. The platform is an interactive 
learning environment where employees can upgrade their 
skill sets. It offers a wide range of learning resources that 
are available in different delivery modes, including e-learning 
courses, live virtual training, and audiobooks, allowing 
participants to choose their preferred learning method.
Inspirational leadership
In 2025, we accelerated the development of our top leaders 
through a suite of targeted, high-impact programs designed 
to build future-ready capabilities and drive organizational 
growth. Our flagship initiative, the strategic leadership 
journey "Accelerating Growth," was co-designed with 
the Wharton Business School.
It brought together close to 50 leaders for an immersive 
experience, blending AI-driven leadership, a growth mindset, 
and cross-cohort collaboration. Complementing this, the 
ADVANCE program offered a highly focused and 
individualized development opportunity for leaders identified 
as pivotal to Aegon's future. Through holistic assessments 
and tailored development plans, ADVANCE accelerated our 
readiness for critical roles, ensuring our leadership pipeline 
is robust and agile. These programs, and several additional 
initiatives, reflect our commitment to building a resilient, 
innovative, and future-focused leadership team equipped to 
navigate complexity and drive Aegon's continued success.
Strengthening employees' voices
During the year, our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) 
continued to support our employees through several global 
and local initiatives. Our ERGs are employee-driven and 
company-sponsored; they are open to all employees and 
focus on what matters the most to colleagues and enable 
people with specific backgrounds or interests to ensure that 
Aegon remains an employer of choice. Throughout the year, 
the ERGs organized various gatherings and activities in 
support of their specific topic or need. These included 
learning days related to areas such as supporting men's 
health for Movember, promoting women's needs in business, 
and supporting our LGBTQIA+ and disability ERGs.
In addition, Aegon continued to run a dedicated Speak Up 
program (in place since 2020) to protect reporters of 
concerns and encourage, guide, and support colleagues 
in reporting suspected or observed misconduct. We also 
provided further mandatory Speak Up training for all 
employees. These sessions are tailored to specific roles. 
For example, the training for leaders and managers includes 
sections on being receptive to people coming forward.
Creating sustainable value
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 31

[page 32]
Suppliers
The goods and services that we purchase, and the 
relationships that we maintain with suppliers, contribute to 
how we create value for our stakeholders. We expect all 
suppliers to uphold high standards of integrity, fair labor 
practices, and environmental responsibility, as outlined 
in our supplier contracts and our global Vendor Code of 
Conduct. Through regular dialogue, assessments, and 
monitoring, we work with suppliers to strengthen 
performance, manage risks, and identify opportunities 
to promote a more sustainable and resilient value chain.
Advancing responsible and resilient supply chains
In 2025, we continued to enhance our responsible 
procurement approach by improving the quality and 
consistency of supplier data and integrating sustainability 
factors more deeply into vendor risk reviews. Aegon UK 
has taken a leading role in this area, recognizing that 91% 
of its carbon footprint relates to scope 3 greenhouse gas 
emissions, which include emissions linked to its supply chain. 
The business identified 50 high-impact suppliers – 
representing 88% of its total spend – to prioritize 
engagement and support progress on key sustainability 
topics. These efforts reflect our belief that supplier 
collaboration is essential to achieving our net-zero 
ambitions and building resilience against geopolitical 
and regulatory shifts.
Comprehensive oversight of suppliers spans numerous 
areas, with climate action, human rights, security, and data 
protection being just a few of the examples. By integrating 
these considerations, Aegon endeavors to align its supplier 
management practices with both regulatory developments 
and stakeholder expectations.
Working together across markets
Across Aegon’s businesses, supplier engagement is guided 
by the same principles of fairness, transparency, and 
accountability. In the United States, Transamerica continues 
to develop relationships with suppliers and find ways to 
reduce the environmental footprint of its operations, such as 
using more sustainable materials and implementing waste- 
reduction measures at major events.
By promoting responsible practices and equal opportunities 
in our supplier relationships, Aegon aims to ensure that 
procurement decisions contribute to long-term, sustainable 
value creation. Our supplier relationships are built on mutual 
trust and shared responsibility, helping us deliver on our 
purpose of Helping people live their best lives, together with 
our partners.
Investors
At its CMD in December 2025, Aegon announced its 
ambition to become a leading US life insurance and 
retirement group, sharpening its focus and supporting 
continued growth.
As part of this strategic shift, Aegon is relocating its head 
office and legal seat to the United States. Upon completion 
of the re-domiciliation process, the holding company 
will operate under the name Transamerica Inc., while all 
business units will continue operating under their existing 
brands. This transition is expected to be completed by 
January 1, 2028. It includes the transition to US GAAP 
as accounting standard, aligning Aegon’s disclosures 
with US peers. The company will also seek inclusion in 
more US-focused indices.
For the transition period between 2025 and 2027, Aegon 
has set clear financial ambitions, taking into account an 
assumed EUR/USD exchange rate of 1.20:
 
Operating result is expected to grow by around 5% 
per annum from a EUR 1.5 - 1.7 billion run-rate.
 Operating capital generation after holding funding and 
operating expenses is expected to grow between 0% 
and 5% per annum, from a run-rate of around EUR 0.9 
billion for 2025.
 Free cash flow is expected to grow by around 5% per 
annum from a run-rate of around EUR 0.8 billion per year.
 Dividends are expected to remain well covered by free 
cash flow and, on a per share basis, will benefit from 
the reduction in share count from the announced share 
buyback programs, enabling an anticipated growth of 
dividend per share in excess of 5% per annum.
Strong 2025 Financial Results
In 2025, Aegon met or exceeded all the financial targets that 
we set at the CMD in 2023, demonstrating the strength of its 
strategy. The company generated attractive and sustainable 
returns for its shareholders, supported by disciplined capital 
management and a strong balance sheet.
Operating capital generation before holding funding and 
operating expenses reached EUR 1.3 billion, exceeding 
the EUR 1.2 billion target. Free cash flow amounted to 
EUR 829 million, consistent with the ~EUR 800 million target. 
The company recorded a full year IFRS operating result of 
EUR 1.7 billion, representing a 15% increase compared 
with 2024, while all major business units remained well 
capitalized.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
32 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 33]
Growing Shareholder Returns
Aegon remains committed to returning capital to 
shareholders in line with free cash flow growth. 
Surplus capital not required for value creating 
opportunities is expected to be distributed over time 
through a combination of dividends and share buybacks.
In December 2025, Aegon completed a EUR 400 million 
share buyback program—expanded from EUR 200 million 
earlier in the year due to its strong capital position and 
confidence in future value creation.
At the 2025 CMD, Aegon announced a new EUR 400 million 
share buyback program for 2026, to be executed in two 
equal phases. A EUR 227 million share buyback began in 
January 2026, reflecting both the first tranche of the 
EUR 400 million share buyback program and EUR 27 million 
to meet Aegon’s obligations related to share-based 
compensation plans for senior management. It is expected 
to be completed by June 30, 2026, barring unforeseen 
circumstances.
These actions reflect Aegon’s disciplined capital allocation 
and its ambition to reduce Cash Capital at the Holding to 
approximately EUR 1.0 billion by year end 2026, while 
maintaining the financial flexibility necessary to support 
long term value creation.
Aegon proposes a 2025 final dividend of EUR 0.21 per 
common share, which is an 11% increase compared with 
the 2024 final dividend, allowing the company to meet its 
EUR 0.40 dividend target for 2025.
Share Performance
Aegon’s share price increased by 16% in 2025 and so 
underperformed the broader European insurance industry 
(the STOXX Europe 600 Insurance Index ended the year up 
by 25%). Aegon’s New York Registry Shares increased by 
31% in 2025 and outperformed the broader US insurance 
industry, as the S&P Insurance Index increased by 2% over 
the year. Our total shareholder return for the year amounted 
to a gain of 23%. This measure takes into account both 
dividend payments and share-price performance.
Safeguarding Long Term Value
As Aegon prepares for its intended relocation and further 
transformation, Aegon's operating companies will remain 
well capitalized and Cash Capital at Holding will be 
maintained around the mid-point of the EUR 0.5 to 
1.5 billion operating range. Excess capital will be returned 
to shareholders over time, unless it can be invested in 
value-creating opportunities. Consistent with the strategy 
announced at the CMD, the financial flexibility enabled by 
the capital management framework will be prioritized to 
the US.
Society
Aegon and its businesses strive to be a force for good 
and to have a positive impact on society. This includes 
supporting the climate transition and contributing to a net- 
zero world. As an international financial services group with 
a dedicated responsible investment strategy, Aegon is well 
positioned to help society transition to a climate-resilient 
economy.
At the same time, we continue to seek opportunities to drive 
positive change at local and regional levels, enhancing 
inclusion in our communities. We partner with organizations 
to empower people financially and socially. We also strive 
to maintain good business practices, with a focus on anti- 
corruption, anti-bribery, and paying fair taxes in the markets 
where we operate.
Our responsible investment approach
Responsible investment is one of the most significant ways 
Aegon can contribute to sustainability. By taking an active 
approach to investing, we seek to reduce financial and 
sustainability-related risks to our portfolio while supporting 
opportunities that benefit customers and society at large.
As an asset owner
Recognizing the link between climate change and 
biodiversity loss, we have designated biodiversity as a new 
focus area in our Responsible Investment Policy. In 2025, 
we carried out an initial assessment to identify potential 
biodiversity-related dependencies, impacts, risks, and 
opportunities across our portfolio. To support this 
evaluation, we used specialist tools that help financial 
institutions, such as Aegon, understand how economic 
activities depend on and impact nature across sectors 
and geographies. The insights from this analysis will guide 
our approach to managing nature-related risks.
In 2025, we distributed due diligence questionnaires to 
internal and external managers to assess their alignment 
with our Responsible Investment Policy and broader 
sustainability objectives.
As an asset manager
Through our global asset manager, Aegon AM, we help 
clients to support the climate transition by offering 
a growing suite of net-zero-aligned investment solutions. 
In 2025, Aegon AM launched the Investment Grade Climate 
Transition Fund, which invests in global corporate bonds. 
The fund aims to deliver attractive returns while reducing 
the carbon footprint by 30% by 2030 and achieving net-zero 
portfolio emissions by 2040.
Creating sustainable value
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 33

[page 34]
We also expanded our impact investing activities, focusing 
on areas such as climate action, social inclusion, and 
resource efficiency. These investments are designed to 
deliver tangible environmental and social benefits while 
generating solid financial returns.
Complementing this, Aegon AM expanded ESG integration 
across its scalable alternative fixed income platform. 
This includes asset-backed securities, insured credit, 
renewable infrastructure debt, fund finance, and private 
corporate debt. ESG factors are systematically embedded 
throughout the investment process using methodologies 
aligned with Aegon AM’s Responsible Investment 
Framework.
These strategies provide attractive yield opportunities while 
enabling clients to finance impactful projects, manage ESG 
risks, and contribute to the UN Sustainable Development 
Goals.
Our climate commitments
Aegon remains committed to its long-term climate goals, 
which align with the Paris Agreement and are reinforced 
by being a signatory to the Net-Zero Asset Owner Alliance. 
To support this commitment, we have set targets to achieve 
net-zero emissions across our general account portfolio 
by 2050. In parallel, we continue to reduce our operational 
footprint, reflecting our ambition to minimize the 
environmental impact of our own operations.
Anti-corruption and anti-bribery, including 
whistleblower protection
Business conduct is a fundamental focus area for Aegon. 
The subject, which is heavily influenced by legal 
requirements, includes aspects ranging from business 
ethics to anti-corruption and anti-bribery, as well as whistle- 
blower protection.
Responsible tax
Aegon makes a valuable economic and social contribution 
to the communities in which it operates through the 
company's own tax payments, as well as the collection and 
payment of third-party taxes. We seek to pay “fair taxes,” 
namely by paying the right amounts of taxes in the right 
places. Published online, our Global Tax Policy outlines our 
approach to responsible tax, which seeks to align the long- 
term interests of our customers, employees, business 
partners, investors, and wider society. Aegon adheres to 
the VNO-NCW Tax Governance Code (as published on 
https://www.vno-ncw.nl/taxgovernancecode). For further 
details, refer to Aegon's Global Tax Report, which is 
published on Aegon's website.
Investing in Bermuda’s 
communities
In Bermuda, where Aegon established its legal seat, 
we launched a community investment program in 
2025 to support education and empowerment in 
partnership with local organizations. The program 
builds on Aegon’s long-standing connection with 
Bermuda and its commitment to creating local 
opportunities.
Through the Live Your Best Life Scholarships, five 
Bermudian students each received USD 30,000 to 
pursue studies in healthcare, technology, and the 
trades - fields that play a vital role in the country’s 
economy. Grants (of USD 60,000) were also awarded 
to three local NGOs that promote financial literacy, 
entrepreneurship, and social inclusion.
Investing in our communities
Aegon aims to be a force for good by strengthening 
the communities in which we operate. Guided by our 
purpose of Helping people live their best lives, we focus 
our community investments on two connected areas: 
financial empowerment and social empowerment.
Aegon's community investment has been steadily growing 
over the past years. In 2025, we invested EUR 11.0 million 
in community development, with EUR 9.0 million cash 
donations and 25,383 volunteer hours recorded by our 
colleagues. This is a 12% increase compared with 2024. 
The initiatives we support help people gain the skills, 
confidence, and connections needed to build a better 
future. Many of the programs combine social and financial 
dimensions and improve access to education, encouraging 
entrepreneurship, and supporting financial literacy 
as essential building blocks for long-term wellbeing.
Our employees play an active role in our community efforts. 
During Force for Good month in May 2025, for example, 
more than 3,000 colleagues across our businesses and 
partnerships volunteered in local communities, supporting 
over 100 charities and good causes. From mentoring 
students and organizing financial education sessions to 
restoring local parks and supporting vulnerable groups, 
each activity reflected our purpose in action.
These initiatives demonstrate how Aegon connects purpose 
with practice, empowering people both financially and 
socially, while helping to build more inclusive resilient 
communities in the long term, in line with our Global 
Community Investment Framework.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
34 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 35]
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 35

[page 36]
Aegon’s results over 2025 demonstrate the strength of its strategy and ability to 
consistently deliver upon its ambitions. Aegon has either met or outperformed all 
the financial targets set for 2025 and commercial momentum also remained strong 
in 2025.
In the Americas, Transamerica expanded the number of 
licensed agents in World Financial Group, and, at the same 
time, achieved a record 30% increase in individual new life 
sales compared with 2024. Assets under administration at 
Transamerica’s Retirement Plans business also increased. 
At the same time, the capital employed by Transamerica’s 
Financial Assets decreased to USD 2.7 billion, ahead of the 
USD 2.9 billion target for 2025.
Aegon also reported solid results in its other business units 
in 2025. Aegon asset management business delivered EUR 
1.0 billion net third-party inflows in 2025, while the 
International business continued to perform well, and, in the 
UK, the Workplace Platform generated GBP 2.4 billion in net 
inflows.
Aegon’s operating result increased to EUR 1,702 million, 
reflecting business growth across all units, favorable market 
impacts, and improved experience variances in the 
insurance businesses. The net result increased to EUR 980 
million in 2025, driven by a higher operating result, and less 
unfavorable non-operating items partly offset by higher 
other charges compared with the prior year period.
On a per share basis, valuation equity – the sum of 
shareholders’ equity and the contractual service margin 
(CSM) after estimated tax adjustment – increased by 2% in 
the reporting period to EUR 9.06 per share, driven by an 
increase of the shareholders’ equity per share.
The capital ratios of Aegon’s operating units remain robust, 
and cash capital position is within the operating range of 
EUR 0.5 to 1.5 billion. Free cash flow amounted to EUR 829 
million, consistent with the target for the year. During 2025, 
Aegon returned EUR 1.1 billion capital to shareholders 
through dividends and share buybacks. On the basis of the 
performance in 2025, Aegon proposes a final dividend of 21 
eurocents per share. This would result in a total dividend 
paid for the full year 2025 of 40 eurocents, consistent with 
the target for 2025.
Business update Americas
During 2025, Transamerica continued to make progress in 
growing its business by focusing on “Main Street” America, 
targeting the middle and mass affluent markets through 
agency distribution and the workplace. New Individual Life 
sales increased by 30% compared with 2024, driven by 
growth in the instant decision market and higher sales in the 
agency channels. WFG, Transamerica’s affiliated distribution 
network of independent agents, continued to grow its 
number of licensed agents and increased both its new life 
and annuity sales. The Retirement Plans business 
experienced net outflows, mainly driven by large market 
plans, while written sales remained strong over the period.
Strategic Assets business update: Distribution
The number of licensed agents at WFG increased to 95,740, 
reflecting continued successful recruitment of new agents, 
as well as improved agent retention. Initiatives to improve 
agent productivity led to a higher average number of new 
policies per producing agent, a higher average premium sold 
per producing agent, and an increase in the number of 
producing agents, including multi-ticket agents. Across the 
US and Canada, these efforts resulted in a 10% increase in 
new life sales and a 6% increase in the sales of annuities 
compared with the previous year. Transamerica’s market 
share of WFG US Life sales increased to 66% in 2025.
Strategic Assets business update: Savings & InvestmentsFinancial ambitions for 2026 and 2027 1
Grow operating result  by2 Around 5% per annum
Grow operating capital 
generation  by2 0% – 5% per annum
Grow free cash flow by Around 5% per annum
Increase dividend per share by More than 5% per annum
Note: All underlying run-rates for the financial ambitions are based on a currency 
exchange rate of EUR / USD = 1.20 and EUR / GBP = 0.86.
1 Barring unforeseen circumstances, and dividend subject to board and 
other relevant approvals.
2 After Holding funding and operating expenses.
Amounts in USD millions 2025 2024 %
World Financial Group (WFG) KPIs
Number of licensed agents 95,740 86,142 11
Number of multi-ticket agents 36,871 36,239 2
Total new life sales1 707 645 10
Transamerica's market share 66% 63% 5
Total sales of annuities gross 
deposits2 4,248 3,993 6
1 New life sales is defined as new recurring premiums plus 1/10 of single 
premiums.
2 WFG annuities gross deposits have been restated following the 
resolution of a data availability limitation.
Amounts in USD millions 2025 2024 %
Savings & Investments KPIs
Gross deposits Retirement Plans 34,595 30,225 14
Net deposits Retirement Plans (1,079) (16,766) 94
of which: net deposits mid-sized 
Retirement Plans 1,053 557 89
AuA Retirement Plans 253,769 223,835 13
of which: AuA mid-sized 
Retirement Plans 63,005 53,848 17
Individual Retirement Accounts AuA 15,130 12,723 19
General Account Stable Value AuA 14,819 13,036 14
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
36 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 37]
Overall Retirement Plans gross deposits increased by 14%, 
driven by higher takeover deposits in both the large and mid- 
sized markets, supported by strong written sales in previous 
periods. Written sales remained solid during 2025, and are 
expected to support gross deposits in the coming period. 
Total net outflows amounted to USD 1.1 billion and were 
driven by large market plans. This was an improvement 
compared with the prior year period when two large, low- 
margin recordkeeping contracts were discontinued. In mid- 
sized plans, net deposits increased by 89% compared with 
2024, mostly from higher gross deposits.
Favorable market movements drove a 13% increase in the 
total account balances in Retirement Plans compared with 
the end of 2024. Account balances for the mid-sized plans 
segment increased by 17% over the same period due to 
favorable markets, as well as overall net inflows during 
2025. Our strategic focus on ancillary products, such as 
the General Account Stable Value product and Individual 
Retirement Accounts, led to a 14% and 19% increase 
respectively, in asset balances compared with the end of 
2024.
Strategic Assets business update: Protection Solutions
In Individual Life, new life sales increased by 30% compared 
with 2024. Our success in entering the instant decision 
market for Final Expense, leveraging a fully digital 
underwriting platform, contributed more than two thirds of 
the increase. In addition, Indexed Universal Life sales by WFG 
increased due to higher agent productivity. Transamerica’s 
own agency channel also contributed to the increase in 
sales.
New life sales in Workplace Life increased by 13% 
compared with the previous year, while new premium 
production in Workplace Health decreased by 7% over the 
same period.
Net deposits for Indexed Annuities products were driven by 
a further improvement in wholesale distribution productivity 
for Registered Index Linked Annuities (RILA) products, with 
net deposits increasing 45% in 2025 compared with the 
prior year.
Financial Assets business update
At year-end 2025, Financial Assets had USD 2.7 billion of 
capital employed, ahead of the USD 2.9 billion target set at 
Aegon’s CMD in 2023. This represents a decrease of USD 
0.7 billion compared with USD 3.4 billion of capital employed 
at the end of 2024. Around USD 0.3 billion of this decrease 
was driven by the reinsurance of a block of Secondary 
Guarantee Universal Life (SGUL) contracts, which was 
announced on December 10, 2025. The transaction covered 
30% of the face value of Transamerica’s SGUL business, 
bringing the total value addressed to 80% of the total SGUL 
portfolio in combination with previously executed 
management actions.
The reinsurance transaction resulted in a significantly lower 
net face value of the legacy Universal Life portfolio. In 
addition, the run-off of the book and Transamerica’s program 
to purchase institutionally owned policies reduced the net 
face value further compared with the end of 2024. 
Transamerica expects to terminate most purchased 
institutionally owned policies over the next two to three 
years.
During 2025, the variable annuity hedge program continued 
its strong track record of mitigating the financial market risks 
embedded in the guarantees. Net outflows in Variable 
Annuities during 2025 were marginally higher than in the 
prior year but remained in line with expectations, reflecting 
limited new business and the run-off of the book. Over the 
same period, Fixed Annuities net outflows decreased by 
23%.
The total value of premium rate increases approved by state 
regulators for Long-Term Care increased to 
USD 871 million. Transamerica will continue to pursue 
further actuarially justified premium rate increases. Claims 
experience in Long-Term Care continues to track in line with 
assumptions.
Amounts in USD millions 2025 2024 %
Protection Solutions KPIs
Traditional Life 200 123 63
Indexed Universal Life 417 351 19
New life sales - Individual Life 617 473 30
New life sales - Workplace Life 76 67 13
New premium production Workplace 
Health 107 115 (7)
Net deposits Indexed Annuities 2,132 1,473 45
Amounts in USD millions 2025 2024 %
Financial Assets KPIs
Capital employed in Financial Assets 
(at operating level) 2,670 3,383 (21)
Net deposits Variable Annuities (6,323) (6,143) (3)
Net deposits Fixed Annuities 
(excluding SPGAs) (687) (889) 23
Variable Annuities dynamic hedge 
effectiveness ratio (%)1 97% 99% (1)
Net face amount Universal Life 33,832 47,094 (28)
LTC actual to expected claim ratio (%) 
(IFRS based) 99% 102% (3)
NPV of LTC rate increases approved 
since end 2022 871 571 53
1 Dynamic hedge effectiveness ratio (%) represents the hedge 
effectiveness on targeted risk, in particular impact from linear equity and 
interest rate movements.
Our performance
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 37

[page 38]
Business update United Kingdom
Net deposits in the Workplace Platform were driven by 
regular contributions from existing schemes and 
the onboarding of new schemes and new members, partially 
offset by the departure of a few large, low-margin schemes. 
For the Adviser platform, net outflows reflected ongoing 
consolidation and vertical integration in non-target adviser 
segments, as well as tax-related speculations prior to the 
publication of the UK Governments’ Autumn Budget. As 
outlined at our June 2024 Teach-In, we have several 
initiatives in place that aim to return the Adviser Platform to 
growth by 2028, which include improving the platform 
experience and focusing on 500 target adviser firms.
Total Platform Assets under Administration (AuA), which 
consist of the Workplace Platform and the Adviser Platform, 
increased by 12% compared with December 31, 2024. 
During the same period, overall AuA, which also includes 
Traditional products and the Institutional business, 
increased by 12%. The increase in AuA was mainly driven by 
market movements during the period.
At its 2025 CMD, Aegon announced the start of a strategic 
review of Aegon UK to assess the best way to accelerate 
and maximize value for all stakeholders. The review is 
currently ongoing, and all options are being evaluated, 
including a potential divestment.
Business update International
International new sales continue to contribute to the 
ongoing growth of the book.
New life sales increased by 1%, as growth in Brazil and 
Spain & Portugal was partially offset by a decrease in China 
and TLB. Brazil reported higher new life sales, mainly driven 
by credit and group life, which was partially offset by 
unfavorable currency movements. Increased new life sales 
in Spain were driven by higher sales of non-linked products 
in Santander Life. In China, the decrease in new life sales 
was driven by a revision in product pricing, reflecting new 
pricing regulations and the current economic environment. 
At TLB, Indexed Universal Life sales were negatively 
impacted by changes in the competitive landscape in 
Singapore.
New premium production for accident & health insurance, 
decreased due to lower health sales in Spain compared with 
the prior year period, which had experienced elevated sales. 
New premium production for property & casualty insurance 
increased in Spain, reflecting higher sales of non-linked 
products in Santander Non-Life.
Business update Asset Management
At Aegon’s 2025 CMD, Aegon Asset Management (Aegon 
AM) set out its ambitions to grow its higher revenue-margin 
third-party business. In line with this strategy, during the 
second half of 2025, Aegon AM expanded its CLO 
warehouse capacity in the US and Europe with a capital 
investment from the Group.
During 2025, the General Account experienced net deposits 
which were partially offset by outflows from the reinsurance 
transaction on Transamerica’s SGUL block that was 
announced at the 2025 CMD.
Net outflows from Affiliate resulted mainly from US 
retirement funds and the gradual run-off of the traditional 
insurance book in the UK.
Amounts in GBP millions 2025 2024 %
Adviser Platform (3,417) (3,530) 3
Workplace Platform 2,379 3,674 (35)
Total Platform (1,038) 144 n.m.
Institutional 3,112 (122) n.m.
Traditional products (2,238) (1,790) (25)
Net deposits / (outflows) (164) (1,767) 91
Adviser Platform 54,630 51,603 6
Workplace Platform 73,708 63,210 17
Total Platform 128,337 114,812 12
Institutional 86,191 74,779 15
Traditional products 31,666 30,687 3
Assets under Administration 246,195 220,279 12
* n.m. – not measured.
Amounts in EUR millions 2025 2024 %
Spain & Portugal 37 35 5
China 64 71 (9)
Brazil 144 132 8
TLB and others 24 27 (13)
New life sales 269 266 1
New premium production accident & 
health insurance 54 58 (8)
New premium production property & 
casualty insurance 71 69 3
* Amounts include results from Aegon’s joint ventures and associates 
consolidated on a proportionate basis.
Amounts in EUR millions 2025 2024 %
General Account 91 (376) n.m.
Affiliate (2,169) (5,219) 58
Third Party 990 9,197 (89)
Global Platforms (1,089) 3,602 n.m.
Strategic Partnerships 2,123 4,532 (53)
Net deposits/(outflows)1 1,034 8,134 (87)
Annualized revenues gained/(lost) on 
net deposits - Global Platforms 6.3 12.7 (50)
General Account
65,115 71,216 (9)
Affiliate 37,556 39,231 (4)
Third Party 155,292 156,996 (1)
Global Platforms 257,963 267,443 (4)
Strategic Partnerships 67,327 64,196 5
Assets under Management 325,290 331,639 (2)
1 Include results from Aegon’s joint ventures and associates consolidated 
on a proportionate basis.
* n.m. – not measured.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
38 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 39]
Third-party net deposits in Global Platforms were mainly 
driven by inflows in fixed income and alternative fixed 
income products in Europe, partly offset by a large 
redemption in the US, and outflows from a.s.r.
Net deposits in Aegon AM’s Strategic Partnerships were 
driven by Aegon’s Chinese asset management joint venture, 
Aegon Industrial Fund Management Company (AIFMC), which 
experienced net deposits in money market funds, partly 
offset by net outflows in mutual funds. Aegon’s French asset 
management joint venture, LBP AM, experienced net 
outflows driven by withdrawals of low-margin business from 
a former shareholder, partly offset by net deposits in 
structured investment products.
Assets under Management (AuM) decreased by EUR 6 billion 
compared with December 31, 2024, mainly driven by the 
impact of unfavorable exchange rate movements amounting 
to EUR 18 billion. This was partly offset by the impact of 
favorable markets over the period.
Financial highlights
Net Result
Aegon’s net result increased to EUR 980 million in 2025, 
driven by a higher operating result, and less unfavorable 
non-operating items (i.e. fair value items, realized gains/ 
losses and net impairments), partly offset by higher other 
charges compared with prior year. The income tax for the 
year amounted to EUR 174 million and includes recurring 
beneficial impacts, such as the dividend received deduction 
and tax credits in the US. Consequently, the result before tax 
amounted to EUR 1,154 million.
Operating result
Aegon uses the non-IFRS performance measure operating 
result, that reflects Aegon’s profit before tax from underlying 
business operations and mainly excludes components that 
relate to accounting mismatches that are dependent on 
market volatility, or relate to events that are considered 
outside of the normal course of business. Aegon believes 
that this performance measure provides meaningful 
information about the operating results of Aegon’s business, 
including insight into the financial measures that Aegon’s 
senior management uses in managing the business. The 
reconciliation from result before tax from continuing 
operations, being the most directly comparable IFRS 
measure, to operating result is presented in note 5 Segment 
information.
For discussion on the operating result for the year ended 
December 31, 2024 compared to the year ended December 
31, 2023, please refer 'Results of operations' section in the 
Annual Report 2024.
Aegon’s operating result increased by 15% to EUR 1,702 
million, reflecting business growth across all units, favorable 
market impacts, and improved experience variances in the 
insurance businesses.
Americas
The operating result from the Americas increased by 14% to 
EUR 1,209 million in 2025 compared with 2024. In local 
currency, it increased by 19% to USD 1,367 million, in line 
with the run-rate for the year communicated at the 2025 
CMD. The increase in the operating result was driven by 
business growth in Protection Solutions as well as from less 
unfavorable experience variances in both insurance 
business segments compared with 2024. This was partly 
offset by a decrease in the operating result of the non- 
insurance business segments driven by a lower operating 
margin in the Distribution business segment.
The operating result of the Protection Solutions business 
segment increased by 20% to USD 753 million in 2025, 
mainly from improved experience variances and portfolio 
growth resulting in a higher release of CSM. The net overall 
experience variances on claims, expenses, and other items 
were USD 3 million unfavorable, excluding the unfavorable 
impact from onerous new business of USD 35 million. A 
Amounts in EUR millions 2025 2024 %
Net result 980 676 45
Operating result 1,702 1,485 15
Shareholders' equity 7,432 7,215 3
Contractual Service Margin (CSM)  
(pro-forma after tax)
1
6,277 6,975 (10)
Valuation equity 13,709 14,190 (3)
Gross financial leverage 4,850 5,201 (7)
1 On IFRS basis, i.e. excluding joint ventures and associates.
Amounts in EUR millions 2025 2024 %
Distribution 145 177 (18)
Savings & Investments 254 252 1
Protection Solutions 666 578 15
Financial Assets 143 54 166
Americas 1,209 1,062 14
United Kingdom 219 198 11
Spain & Portugal 101 91 12
China (ATHTF) 39 24 62
Brazil 60 52 15
TLB 38 29 33
Other (15) (13) (17)
International 224 183 22
Global Platforms 76 40 91
Strategic Partnerships 140 161 (13)
Asset Management 217 201 8
Holding and other activities (166) (159) (4)
Operating result 1,702 1,485 15
Our performance
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 39

[page 40]
favorable net claims experience, including the 
corresponding reinstatement of reserves for onerous 
contracts, was more than offset by unfavorable lapse 
experience in Traditional Life and other movements in 
onerous contracts.
In the Savings & Investments business segment, the 
operating result increased by 5% to USD 288 million, 
benefiting from higher revenues in Retirement Plans. Growth 
in Individual Retirement Accounts and General Account 
Stable Value assets, as well as favorable markets, led to 
higher assets under administration, while margins on the 
Stable Value assets expanded. This was partly offset by USD 
23 million lower revenues in the Stable Value Solutions line 
of business as the size of the business has been reduced in 
recent years through management actions and participant 
withdrawals.
The operating result of the Distribution business segment 
decreased by 14%, largely driven by higher expenses 
reflecting investments in WFG. These were only partly offset 
by 9% higher revenues due to stronger life and annuity sales 
at WFG.
The operating result of the Financial Assets segment 
increased to USD 162 million in 2025, mostly due to an 
improvement of experience variances compared with the 
prior year, a higher net investment result, and an improved 
Other insurance result. This was partly offset by a lower 
CSM release from the run-off of the portfolio. Excluding 
interest accretion of USD 57 million for onerous Variable 
Annuities contracts and USD 2 million onerous new 
business, experience variances were unfavorable at USD 
191 million. This was driven by policyholder behavior as 
unfavorable claims experience variance was largely offset 
by a release of reserves for the corresponding onerous 
contracts.
United Kingdom
The operating result from the UK for 2025 amounted to EUR 
219 million, or GBP 188 million in local currency, compared 
with GBP 167 million in 2024. The operating result benefited 
from business growth and favorable markets which led to 
both a higher CSM release and increased revenues. These 
were partly offset by reduced interest income on own cash. 
Furthermore, losses incurred in 2024 relating to the 
Protection book have not repeated in 2025 following 
the sale of the business on July 1, 2024.
International
The operating result for the International segment increased 
by 22% to EUR 224 million in 2025. In Spain & Portugal, the 
operating result benefited from business growth and 
improved claims and retention experience, partly offset by 
higher expenses. The operating result in China increased, 
driven by the local implementation of IFRS 17 partly offset 
by lower interest rates. The increase in operating result in 
Brazil, reflected business growth and higher investment 
income partly offset by unfavorable exchange rate 
movements. At TLB, the operating result was mainly driven 
by a higher CSM release and less onerous contracts, 
partially offset by a lower net investment result as a result of 
a lower asset balance.
Asset Management
The operating result from Aegon Asset Management 
amounted to EUR 217 million in 2025, an increase of 8%, 
driven by strong performance of Global Platforms, partly 
offset by a lower operating result in Strategic Partnerships. 
In Global Platforms, the increase in operating result was 
mainly driven by higher revenues reflecting business growth, 
favorable markets and lower expenses from ongoing 
expense management. In Strategic Partnerships, the 
operating result decreased, driven by AIFMC, which had 
benefited from favorable items in 2024. This was partially 
offset by an increase in operating result from LBP AM, which 
was driven by business growth and favorable markets.
Holding
The operating result from the Holding was a loss of EUR 166 
million. The result from the Holding deteriorated compared 
with 2024 driven by lower returns on Cash Capital at 
Holding due to a lower cash balance and lower short-term 
yields. This was partially offset by a higher benefit from an 
internal reinsurance transaction between TLB and 
Transamerica.
Non-operating items
The loss from non-operating items amounted to EUR 231 
million in 2025, mainly driven by realized losses in the 
Americas.
Amounts in EUR millions 2025 2024 %
Operating result 1,702 1,485 15
Fair value items 80 (208) n.m.
Realized gains / (losses) on 
investments (248) (36) n.m.
Net impairments (64) (236) 73
Non-operating items (231) (480) 52
Other income / (charges)1 (317) (245) (30)
Result before tax 1,154 760 52
Income tax (174) (85) (106)
Net result 980 676 45
Interest on financial leverage 
classified as equity after tax (53) (77) 31
Net result after interest on 
financial leverage classified as 
equity 928 599 55
Average common shareholders' 
equity 7,303 7,068 3
Return on Equity2 17.5% 15.6%
1 Includes income tax chargeable to policyholders in the United Kingdom.
2 Operating result after tax and interest on financial leverage classified as 
equity / average common shareholders' equity.
* n.m. – not measured.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
40 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 41]
Fair value items
Fair value items constituted a gain of EUR 80 million, mostly 
from positive hedge results. In the Americas, the hedging of 
guarantees in the Variable Annuities, Indexed Universal Life 
and RILA blocks led to overall positive results, partly offset 
by market driven fair value losses. The Holding contributed 
favorably, driven by interest rate hedges related to debt 
instruments. In the UK, fair value losses reflected the 
negative revaluations of hedges used to protect the 
solvency position.
Realized losses on investments
Realized losses on investments amounted to EUR 248 
million and were driven by the Americas, where losses were 
realized on assets related to the SGUL reinsurance 
transaction, as well as from normal trading activity to 
manage the investment profile of the General Account. This 
was partially offset by gains from expected credit loss (ECL) 
reversals on disposed bonds.
Net impairments
Net impairments amounted to EUR 64 million and were 
mainly driven by the Americas. There, the ECL reserve 
increased due to a small number of downgrades and 
defaults of bond investments, as well as from the purchase 
of new assets.
Other charges
Other charges amounted to EUR 317 million in 2025. A main 
driver was annual assumption updates in the Americas and 
TLB, where expense assumptions were updated and lapse 
assumptions were strengthened to address recent adverse 
experience in the Financial Assets book, driven by the TLB 
Universal Life block reinsured to Transamerica and Variable 
Annuities. In Protection Solutions, assumption updates 
mainly related to an update of Medicare Supplement 
morbidity assumptions to address an industry-wide trend.
Investments and restructuring charges related to the 
transformation of our businesses and the relocation of our 
head office and legal seat to the US, including US GAAP 
implementation expenses, were mainly recorded in the 
Holding, Americas and the UK, as planned. Various other 
items, including establishing reserves for settlements of 
previously disclosed legal cases in the Americas, were 
partially offset by the favorable impact from the sale of 12.5 
million shares of a.s.r. in September 2025. Other charges 
also included the positive result from Aegon’s stake in a.s.r. 
of EUR 179 million for the year.
Balance sheet items
Shareholders’ equity
As of December 31, 2025, shareholders’ equity was EUR 7.4 
billion, which is EUR 0.2 billion higher than on December 31, 
2024. The positive net result and the impact of revaluations 
were partially offset by capital distributions to shareholders 
and unfavorable currency movements.
On a per share basis, shareholders’ equity increased by 8% 
to EUR 4.91.
Valuation equity
Valuation equity is a non-IFRS financial measure that 
represents the sum of shareholders’ equity and CSM after- 
tax (embedded value of unearned profits in insurance 
contracts). This measure is intended to provide a more 
comprehensive view of the Group’s economic value. 
The reconciliation from shareholders’ equity, being the most 
directly comparable IFRS measure to valuation equity, is 
presented in the above table.
Valuation equity decreased by 3% in the reporting period to 
EUR 13.7 billion. The increase in shareholders’ equity was 
more than offset by a decrease of CSM after tax. The main 
driver for the lower CSM was unfavorable currency 
movements.
On a per share basis, valuation equity increased by 2% to 
EUR 9.06.
Gross financial leverage
Gross financial leverage decreased by EUR 0.4 billion over 
2025, to EUR 4.9 billion. This decrease was driven by the 
depreciation of the US Dollar against the Euro.
Amounts in EUR millions 2025 2024 %
Shareholders' equity 7,432 7,215 3
Shareholders' equity per share (in EUR) 4.91 4.53 8
Americas 6,359 7,032 (10)
United Kingdom 1,555 1,695 (8)
International 262 231 13
Eliminations (111) 1 n.m.
Contractual Service Margin1 8,066 8,960 (10)
Pro-forma tax (1,789) (1,985) 10
CSM after tax 6,277 6,975 (10)
CSM after tax per share (in EUR) 4.15 4.38 (5)
Valuation equity 13,709 14,190 (3)
Valuation equity per share (in EUR) 9.06 8.91 2
Gross financial leverage 4,850 5,201 (7)
Gross financial leverage ratio (%) 25.9% 26.5%
1 On IFRS basis, i.e. excluding joint ventures and associates.
* n.m. – not measured.
Our performance
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 41

[page 42]
Contractual Service Margin (CSM)
The CSM balance amounted to EUR 8.1 billion per December 
31, 2025, a decrease of EUR 0.9 billion compared with 
December 31, 2024, mostly due to unfavorable currency 
movements.
New business contributed EUR 678 million to the CSM, 
driven by business growth in the US. Together with interest 
accretion, the new business contribution almost offset the 
CSM release of EUR 973 million.
Claims and policyholder experience reduced the CSM, 
mainly driven by Financial Assets. Non-financial assumption 
changes reduced the CSM by EUR 320 million, driven by the 
annual assumption updates in the US, UK and TLB. Markets 
had a favorable impact in both the US and the UK. 
Unfavorable currency movements – predominantly the 
depreciation of the US Dollar versus the Euro – reduced the 
CSM balance by EUR 943 million.
Americas
In the Americas, the CSM balance grew to EUR 6.4 billion, or 
USD 7.5 billion, at year-end 2025. This was driven by a 
growth of 24% of the CSM balance in Strategic Assets 
(Protection Solutions) compared with the end of 2024 and 
was only partly offset by the run-off of Financial Assets, 
where the CSM decreased by 17% over the year. The CSM 
balance of Protection Solutions now accounts for 57% of 
the total Americas CSM, which compares with 47% at the 
end of 2024, and is a testament of Transamerica’s strategy 
to grow its Strategic Assets and reduce its exposure to 
Financial Assets.
The increase of the CSM balance of Protection Solutions 
was mainly driven by new business which, in addition to the 
accretion of interest, largely reflects growth of the Individual 
Life portfolio. Favorable non-financial assumption changes 
mainly related to updates in Individual Life, partly reflecting 
favorable expense assumption updates, and partly offset by 
an unfavorable impact in the workplace business, in part 
related to the Medicare Supplement product. Further 
favorable contributions to CSM came from updated portfolio 
yields in the Indexed Universal Life portfolio and from 
increased fees on Variable Universal Life products mainly 
reflecting positive equity markets.
The Financial Assets CSM balance decreased in the period 
mainly from the gradual run-off of the portfolios, only partly 
offset by the accretion of interest and new business. In 
addition, unfavorable claims and policyholder experience 
variances were mainly from policyholder behavior and 
market driven impacts on Variable Annuities but were partly 
offset by favorable impacts from positive equity markets. 
Non-financial assumption updates resulted in unfavorable 
charges to the CSM, mainly from updates to the 
assumptions for policyholder behavior in Variable Annuities 
and Fixed Annuities. The CSM balance decreased further as 
a result of the SGUL reinsurance transaction with a USD 145 
million impact.
Capital highlights
Capital ratios
US RBC ratio
The estimated RBC ratio decreased by 19%-points during 
2025 to 424% on December 31, 2025 compared with year- 
end 2024, and remained above the operating level of 400%. 
The OCG from operating entities applying the RBC 
framework had a positive contribution of 42%-points, which 
was largely offset the 34%-points negative impact of 
remittances. Market movements had a 16%-points negative 
impact during the year, driven by higher equity markets. 
Finally, one-time items and management actions negatively 
impacted the RBC ratio by around 11%-points. This included 
restructuring expenses, the impact of the annual actuarial 
assumption updates within the RBC calculation, establishing 
reserves for settlements of previously disclosed legal 
cases, and various other items. As announced at the 2025 
CMD, the negative impact on the RBC ratio of the SGUL 
reinsurance transaction was offset by a capital investment 
into Transamerica from the Group.
Amounts in EUR millions 2025 2024 %
CSM balance at beginning of 
period 8,990 8,251 9
New business 678 556 22
CSM release (973) (990) 2
Accretion of interest 239 238 -
Claims and policyholder experience 
variance (187) (187) -
Non-financial assumption changes (320) (123) (160)
Non-disaggregated risk adjustment 61 133 (54)
Market impact on unhedged risk of 
VFA products 684 584 17
Net exchange differences (943) 527 n.m.
Transfer to disposal groups - (8) n.m.
Other movements (128) 9 n.m.
CSM balance at end of period 8,102 8,990 (10)
* n.m. – not measured.
Amounts in millions 2025 2024 %
Americas (USD)
Available capital 7,276 8,042 (10)
Required capital 1,715 1,817 (6)
US RBC ratio 424% 443%
Scottish Equitable plc (UK) (GBP)
Own funds 2,128 2,206 (4)
SCR 1,163 1,187 (2)
UK SE Solvency II ratio 183% 186%
Aegon Ltd. (EUR)
Eligible own funds 11,901 14,030 (15)
Consolidated Group SCR 6,464 7,466 (13)
Group Solvency ratio 184% 188%
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
42 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 43]
UK Solvency ratio
The estimated Solvency UK ratio for Scottish Equitable plc 
decreased to 183% as of December 31, 2025, and remained 
above the operating level of 150%. The decrease was mainly 
driven by remittances to the Holding and investments to 
strengthen the business, which were partly offset by the 
impact of OCG.
Group Solvency ratio
The estimated group solvency ratio decreased from 188% 
on December 31, 2024, to 184% on December 31, 2025. 
This was mainly a reflection of the capital returns to 
shareholders including share buyback programs. Capital 
generation after holding funding and operating expenses 
amounted to EUR 630 million. This included market 
movements with a negative impact of EUR 481 million, 
mostly driven by the US and China. One-time items were 
favorable at EUR 119 million, as the adverse impact of one- 
time items in the US, including the impact of the SGUL 
reinsurance transaction, which was announced at the 2025 
CMD, was more than offset by the proceeds from the sale of 
12.5 million shares in a.s.r and the improved contribution 
from the a.s.r. stake.
Cash Capital at Holding and free cash flow
Aegon’s Cash Capital at Holding decreased during 2025 
from EUR 1,725 million to EUR 1,311 million. This decrease 
was largely driven by EUR 1,106 million of capital returns to 
shareholders, consisting of dividend payments and share 
buybacks. Free cash flow amounted to EUR 829 million and 
included capital distributions from a.s.r. including Aegon’s 
participation in a share buyback program by a.s.r. Capital 
injections amounted to EUR 786 million, mainly reflecting a 
capital investment in Transamerica, related to the SGUL 
reinsurance transaction as announced at the 2025 CMD. 
This was partly offset by the proceeds from the sale of 12.5 
million shares in a.s.r. and the divestiture of the Aegon 
Growth Capital Fund. Other items combined had a negative 
impact of EUR 77 million, mainly driven by costs related to 
the relocation of Aegon’s head office and legal seat to the 
US and capital market transaction costs.
Exchange rates
Amounts in EUR millions 2025 2024 %
Beginning of period 1,725 2,387 (28)
Americas 514 532 (3)
United Kingdom 139 118 17
International 145 126 15
Asset Management 83 60 38
a.s.r. dividends 200 187 7
a.s.r. share buybacks 38 30 25
Cash flows from a.s.r. 237 217 9
Holding and other activities 3 - n.m.
Gross remittances 1,121 1,054 6
Funding and operating expenses (291) (295) 1
Free cash flow 829 759 9
Capital injections (786) (56) n.m.
Acquisitions and divestitures 726 1 n.m.
Capital flows from / (to) shareholders (1,106) (1,413) 22
Net change in gross financial leverage (9) 8 n.m.
Other (68) 40 n.m.
End of period 1,311 1,725 (24)
* n.m. – not measured.
Weighted average rate Closing rate
Per 1 EUR 2025 2024 2025 2024
USD 1.1308 1.0821 1.1733 1.0355
GBP 0.8569 0.8467 0.8727 0.8268
Our performance
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 43

[page 44]
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
44 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 45]
Governance and 
risk management
46 Boards and governance
46 Letter from the Chairman of the Board
48 Corporate governance
53 Sustainability governance
54 Composition of the Executive Committee and Board of Directors
62 Report of the Board of Directors
68 Remuneration Report
80 Risk and capital management
80 Risk management
87 Capital and liquidity management
93 Regulation and compliance
93 Regulation and supervision
95 Code of Conduct
96 Conformity Statement
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 45

[page 46]
46 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 47]
Letter from the Chairman 
of the Board
As I write my first letter to you as Chairman of Aegon’s Board of Directors, I feel both humbled and energized.
It is an honor to succeed Bill Connelly, whose leadership 
as a chairman and dedication have guided Aegon through 
a period of profound change, from strategic divestments 
to structural transformation. On behalf of the Board, 
I would like to sincerely thank Bill for his service and his 
commitment to our company. Also, at the 2025 general 
meeting, Ms. Young stepped down as Director. The Board 
would like to thank Ms. Young for her valuable insights and 
pragmatic approach that have been valuable assets during 
her 12-year tenure. Aside from feeling grateful as we bid 
farewell to Bill and Dona, I am pleased that, in addition to 
myself, the Board welcomed Lori Fouché and Jay Ralph as 
new members. Additionally, we will propose to appoint Leni 
Boeren as a new member of the Board at the 2026 AGM. 
Their broad international experience and diverse expertise 
will further strengthen our ability to provide effective and 
strategic oversight and guidance and will enrich our 
collective discussions as we support Aegon in its  
next chapter.
A year of performance and transition
The Board carefully monitors both the financial and 
operational performance of the company. The past year 
was marked by significant progress under the leadership 
of CEO Lard Friese and CFO Duncan Russell. We were 
encouraged by the momentum achieved in Aegon’s markets, 
by the resilience of its capital position, and by the company’s 
ability to return value to shareholders while continuing to 
invest in growth. The Board is pleased with the company’s 
accomplishment of meeting its financial targets. Likewise, 
the disciplined execution of management gives the Board 
confidence that Aegon is well placed to meet its newly 
announced financial ambitions. We also recognize the 
Executive Committee’s commitment to embedding a strong 
risk culture and ensuring that the company operates with 
transparency and integrity. In a rapidly changing insurance 
landscape, the Board sees this as a critical foundation for 
long-term success.
Strategic updates at CMD
On December 10, 2025, Aegon hosted its Capital Markets 
Day (CMD) in London. With the full support of the Board, the 
event provided management with the opportunity to update 
investors and stakeholders on Aegon’s strategic priorities 
for the years ahead, as well as its new financial ambitions. At 
the same time, it was an opportunity to demonstrate the 
momentum we have built and our ambition to create 
sustainable value for customers, shareholders, and 
society. Aegon also announced the beginning of a strategic 
review of Aegon UK to assess the best way to accelerate 
and maximize value for all stakeholders.
Relocation to the United States
At the CMD, the relocation of Aegon’s legal domicile, tax 
residence, and corporate headquarters to the United States 
was announced. This decision was the result of an extensive 
review, announced in August 2025. This move, subject to 
shareholder approval later this year, aligns the structure 
with the reality of our business. The United States is our 
largest market, central to the company's strategy, and the 
source of most of the earnings and capital generation. By 
bringing Aegon's headquarters closer to the majority of its 
operations, we will strengthen the alignment between 
strategy, governance, and execution. It is a forward-looking 
decision that will provide clarity, efficiency, and long-term 
benefits for all stakeholders. The Board has carefully 
considered and overseen this decision-making process, and 
we will continue to do so as we progress through the various 
phases of the relocation journey. We are convinced that 
aligning Aegon’s governance and structure more closely 
with its operations will strengthen the company for the long 
term.
Looking forward
As we look to 2026, the Board is confident that Aegon is well 
positioned to harness opportunities enabled by 
advancements in technologies while leveraging our balance 
sheet strength and operational discipline. On behalf of the 
Board, I would like to extend my gratitude to Aegon’s 
employees across the world. Their dedication and 
professionalism are vital to the company’s success. 
I also wish to thank our shareholders, customers, and 
partners for their trust and support. With a talented 
Executive Committee, a clear purpose, and a clear strategy, 
Aegon is well positioned for the years ahead. The Board will 
continue to provide oversight and guidance as the company 
pursues its ambitions and fulfills its responsibilities to all 
stakeholders.
Schiphol, the Netherlands, March 25, 2026
David Herzog 
Chairman of the Board of Directors, Aegon Ltd.
Letter from the Chairman of the Board
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 47

[page 48]
Corporate governance
and Corporate Governance Statement
Aegon is a Bermuda exempted company with liability limited 
by shares, having its registered office in Hamilton, Bermuda. 
The company has its principal place of business and 
headquarters in Schiphol, the Netherlands. Aegon is 
registered with the Bermuda Registrar of Companies 
under number 202302830 and the Dutch trade register 
under number 27076669. Aegon is subject to Bermuda law, 
and its governance is predominantly determined by 
Bermuda law, its bye-laws, its memorandum of continuance, 
and its board regulations. On December 31, 2025, the 
company qualified as a non-resident company under 
the Dutch Non-Resident Company Act, due to which certain 
Dutch legal requirements, mainly relating to the preparation 
of the annual accounts in accordance with Title 9 of Book 2 
of the Dutch Civil Code, apply.
As Aegon is a company established in Bermuda, the Dutch 
Corporate Governance Code does not apply to Aegon.
Shareholders
Listing and shareholder base
Aegon’s common shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam 
and the New York Stock Exchange. Aegon has institutional 
and retail shareholders around the world. Aegon’s largest 
shareholder is Vereniging Aegon, a Dutch association 
with a special purpose to represent in a balanced manner 
the direct and indirect interests of the company (Aegon) 
and its stakeholders.
General Meeting of Shareholders
A General Meeting of Shareholders (the “General Meeting”) 
is held annually and, if deemed necessary, the Board of 
Directors (the “Board”) of the company may convene 
a special General Meeting. The main function of the General 
Meeting is to decide on:
 
(Re)appointments to the Board;
 Appointment of the auditor;
 Amendments of the bye-laws;
 Adoption of the Remuneration Policy;
 Approval of resolutions of the Board entailing a significant 
change in the identity or character of the company or 
its business;
 Approval of final dividend payment; and
 Authorizing the Board to (i) limit or exclude pre-emptive 
rights, (ii) repurchase shares, and (iii) issue Aegon shares 
exceeding 10% of Aegon’s issued share capital 
unless the Board determines that the issuance of shares 
is necessary or conducive for purposes of safeguarding, 
conserving, or strengthening the capital position of Aegon 
(in which case no authorization is required).
At the Annual General Meeting, the Board shall present 
the annual accounts to shareholders for discussion. 
The Board shall also annually present shareholders with a 
remuneration report that shall be put to an advisory vote, 
which shall not be binding on the Board or the company.
Convocation
A General Meeting must be convened at least 30 days 
(excluding the day on which the notice is given or served, 
or deemed to be given or served) prior to the day of 
the General Meeting and shall be called by way of a press 
release and publication on the website. The notice shall 
specify the place, day, and time of the meeting, the record 
date, means of electronic communication, and the agenda.
The Board will convene General Meetings. Shareholders 
representing at least 10% of the paid-up share capital may 
request a General Meeting. Shareholders representing at 
least 1% of the issued capital or 100 or more shareholders 
jointly may request one or more items to be added to the 
agenda of a General Meeting. The company must receive 
such a request at least six weeks before the General 
Meeting. Matters that are not reserved for, or do not require 
a resolution of the General Meeting pursuant to the bye-laws 
or Bermuda law, may only be included as a non-voting 
discussion item that shall be non-binding to the company 
and the Board unless otherwise and at its sole discretion 
determined by the Board.
Record date
The record date determines shareholders' entitlements to 
participate in and vote in a General Meeting. The record date 
may be determined by the Board and may not be more than 
60 days before or later than 20 business days before the 
date fixed for the General Meeting.
Attendance
Every shareholder is entitled to attend the General Meeting 
and vote either in person or by proxy granted in writing. 
This includes proxies submitted electronically. 
All shareholders wishing to participate must provide proof of 
identity and shareholding and notify the company in advance 
of their intention to attend the meeting. Aegon also solicits 
proxies from New York registry shareholders in line with 
common practice in the United States.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
48 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 49]
Voting at the General Meeting
At the General Meeting, each common share carries one 
vote. In the absence of a Special Cause, Vereniging Aegon 
casts one vote for every 40 common shares B it holds.
Board of Directors
At year-end 2025, Aegon has a one-tier Board consisting of 
ten Non-Executive Directors and one Executive Director, 
being the Chief Executive Officer. Details on the composition 
of the Board can be found in the Composition of the Board 
and Executive Committee section of this document. Subject 
to the provisions of the Bermuda Companies Act and the 
company's bye-laws, the Board manages and conducts 
Aegon's business and is responsible for the company's 
general affairs, including setting its strategy. The Board 
may exercise all the powers of the company except those 
required by the Bermuda Companies Act or the company's 
bye-laws to be exercised by the General Meeting. 
The members of the Board owe a fiduciary duty to Aegon 
to act in good faith in their dealings with or on behalf of 
Aegon and exercise their powers and fulfill the duties of 
their office honestly. In the exercise of its duties, the Board 
shall take into account the long-term consequences of 
decisions, sustainability, and the interests of all corporate 
stakeholders. For the purpose of a Director's duty to act 
in good faith and in the best interests of the company, the 
Director is not obligated to prioritize the interests of any 
specific stakeholder or group of stakeholders over others.
Composition of the Board
The General Meeting appoints the members of the Board. 
If the Board proposes the appointment of a member of the 
Board, the General Meeting resolution requires a simple 
majority of the votes cast; otherwise, the resolution requires 
a two-thirds majority of the votes cast, which must represent 
more than half of the then-issued and outstanding shares.
Members of the Board will be appointed for a term of no 
more than four years and may be reappointed. After 12 
years, a Non-Executive Director will no longer be considered 
independent. A profile outlining the required qualifications 
for Board members has been established and is published 
on aegon.com as schedule to the Board regulations. If the 
Board proposes removing or suspending a member, the 
General Meeting resolution requires a simple majority of the 
votes cast. In contrast, the resolution requires a two-thirds 
majority of the votes cast, which must represent at least half 
of the then-issued and outstanding shares.
The Board determines the remuneration and other terms 
of service of the Executive Director and the Non-Executive 
Directors, in accordance with the Board's Remuneration 
Policy. The Remuneration Policy is adopted by the General 
Meeting, ultimately at the fourth annual General Meeting 
held after the General Meeting, during which the 
Remuneration Policy was most recently adopted. 
The Remuneration Policy was most recently adopted 
at the 2024 annual General Meeting.
The Board may, subject to its control, delegate all powers, 
authorities, and discretions relating to the day-to-day- 
operations and general business and affairs of Aegon 
to Aegon's Chief Executive Officer (the “CEO”). 
The Board oversees the execution of its responsibilities 
and delegated powers, authorities, and discretions by 
the CEO and any other person or committee to which the 
Board has delegated any of its duties and responsibilities 
and is ultimately responsible for the fulfillment of the 
Board’s duties by them.
Committees
The Board has four committees comprised solely of 
Non-Executive Directors. These committees are as follows:
 
Audit Committee;
 Risk Committee;
 Compensation and Human Resource Committee; and
 Nomination and Governance Committee.
Please see Composition of the Board and Executive 
Committee for the composition of the Board’s committees 
and the Board Report for more information on their 
functioning.
CEO
The CEO is a member of the Board and is responsible 
for the day-to-day management and general business 
and affairs of the company and the Group. In particular, 
the CEO is entrusted with all the Board’s powers, authorities, 
and discretions in relation to the operational running of 
the company, particularly powers, authorities, discretions 
including but not limited to such matters as: the operational 
running of the company and the business, developing 
the company’s strategy and sustainability approach for 
consideration, determination, and approval by the Board 
and the implementation of such strategy, and managing 
performance of the business. Lard Friese is the CEO 
of Aegon and was first appointed in 2020.
Corporate governance
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 49

[page 50]
Executive Committee
The members of the Executive Committee work alongside 
the CEO and help oversee operational activities and the 
implementation of Aegon’s strategy. Members are drawn 
from Aegon's functional, business, and country units and 
have regional and global responsibilities. As such, among 
others, the CFO and CRO are members of the Executive 
Committee.
This ensures that Aegon is managed as an integrated 
international business. The Executive Committee provides 
vital support and expertise in pursuit of the company's 
strategic objectives. Please see Composition of the Board 
and Executive Committee for the Executive Committee 
composition.
Capital, significant shareholdings, and exercise 
of control
As a publicly listed company, Aegon is required to provide 
the following detailed information regarding any structures 
or measures that may hinder or prevent a third party from 
acquiring the company or exercising effective control over it.
Capital of the company
Aegon has an authorized capital of EUR 720 million, divided 
into 4 billion common shares and 2 billion common shares B, 
each with a nominal value of EUR 0.12. As of December 31, 
2025, a total of 1,573,119,870 common shares 
and 335,830,640 common shares B have been issued, 
whereby the common shares comprise 82%, and the 
common shares B comprise 18% of the issued capital.
Depository receipts for Aegon shares are not issued with 
the company's cooperation.
Under the Dutch act on the conversion of bearer shares, all 
16,040 bearer shares outstanding as of December 2020 
were converted into registered shares held by the company 
as of January 1, 2021. Until January 1, 2026, a holder of a 
valid certificate of a bearer share had the right to request 
the company to provide such holder with a registered share 
as a replacement of the bearer share. Certificates of bearer 
shares for which such a request was not made on or before 
January 1, 2026 will no longer be replaced with registered 
shares and the corresponding registered shares held by 
the company now definitively belong to the company.
Each common share carries one vote. There are no 
restrictions on the exercise of voting rights by holders 
of common shares other than those held in treasury, 
which do not carry the right to vote.
All issued and outstanding common shares B are held 
by Vereniging Aegon. The nominal value of a common 
share B is equal to the nominal value of a common share. 
This means that common shares B also carry one vote 
per share.
However, the voting rights attached to common shares B 
are subject to restrictions as laid down in the Voting Rights 
Agreement, under which Vereniging Aegon may cast only 
one vote for every 40 common shares B it holds in the 
absence of a Special Cause.
The financial rights (such as the rights to dividends, return 
of assets on liquidation, reduction of capital, or otherwise) 
attached to a common share B are 1/40th of the financial 
rights attached to a common share. The rights attached to 
the shares of both classes are otherwise identical.
For the issuance of shares, reduction of issued capital, 
the sale and transfer of common shares B, or otherwise, 
the value or the price of a common share B is determined 
as 1/40th of the value of a common share.
For such purposes, no account is taken of the difference 
between common shares and common shares B in terms 
of the proportion between financial rights and voting rights.
Significant shareholdings
On December 31, 2025, Vereniging Aegon, Aegon's largest 
shareholder, held a total of 270,149,311 common shares 
and 327,885,200 common shares B.
Under the terms of the 1983 Merger Agreement, as 
amended in May 2013, Vereniging Aegon has the option 
to acquire additional common shares B. Vereniging Aegon 
may exercise its call option to keep or restore its total 
stake to 32.6% of the voting rights, irrespective of the 
circumstances that caused the total shareholding to be 
or become lower than 32.6%.
During 2025, the following agreements were entered into 
between Aegon and Vereniging Aegon.
On January 13, 2025, Aegon entered into a share 
repurchase agreement with Vereniging Aegon, pursuant 
to which Vereniging Aegon participated pro rata in the 
EUR 150 million buyback program (after adjusting for 
approximately EUR 40 million of share buybacks in this 
program to meet Aegon's obligations under its share-based 
compensation plans for senior management) based on its 
combined common shares and common shares B, for 
aggregate consideration of EUR 20 million. The participation 
of Vereniging Aegon in this share buyback program was 
equally distributed over the total number of trading days 
during the program whereby the number of shares 
repurchased has been determined based on the daily 
volume-weighted average price per common share on 
Euronext Amsterdam, resulting in Aegon repurchasing 
3,336,760 common shares from Vereniging Aegon in the 
2025 share buyback program that ended on June 30, 2025.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
50 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 51]
On July 1, 2025, Aegon entered into a share repurchase 
agreement with Vereniging Aegon, pursuant to which 
Vereniging Aegon agreed to participate in Aegon’s 2025 
EUR 200 million share buyback program for an aggregate 
consideration of EUR 37 million. On August 25, 2025, Aegon 
and Vereniging Aegon entered into an addendum to the 
share repurchase agreement entered into on July 1, 2025 
to have Vereniging Aegon participate for an additional 
EUR 34 million in the additional EUR 200 million that has 
been added to Aegon’s existing EUR 200 million share 
buyback program that commenced on July 1, 2025. 
The aggregate participation in the amount of EUR 71 million 
of Vereniging Aegon in this share buyback program was 
equally distributed over the total number of trading days 
during the program, whereby the number of shares 
repurchased has been determined based on the daily 
volume-weighted average price per common share on 
Euronext Amsterdam, resulting in Aegon 
repurchasing 10,796,374 common shares from 
Vereniging Aegon in the EUR 400 million share buyback 
program that ended on December 15, 2025.
On December 16, 2025, Aegon repurchased 17,557,160 
common shares B from Vereniging Aegon for the amount of 
EUR 2,790,043.41 based on 1/40th of the Value Weighted 
Average Price of the common shares of the five trading days 
preceding this transaction. The repurchase of common 
shares B was executed to bring the aggregate holding of 
voting shares by Vereniging Aegon in Aegon in line with 
its special cause voting rights of 32.6% following the 
completion of the share buyback programs, initiated by 
Aegon in 2025.
For an overview of other significant shareholdings, 
please see the Other major shareholders section.
Special control rights
The common shares and the common shares B offer 
equal full voting rights, as they have equal nominal value 
(EUR 0.12). The Voting Rights Agreement entered into 
between Vereniging Aegon and Aegon provides that under 
normal circumstances – that is, except in the event of a 
Special Cause – Vereniging Aegon is not allowed to exercise 
more votes than is proportionate to the financial rights 
represented by its shares. This means that in the absence 
of a Special Cause, Vereniging Aegon may cast one vote 
for every common share it holds and one vote for every 
40 common shares B it holds. In the event of a Special 
Cause, Vereniging Aegon may cast one vote for every 
common share and one vote for every common share B.
A Special Cause may include but is not limited to:
 
The acquisition by a third party of an interest in Aegon 
amounting to 15% or more; or
 
A tender offer for Aegon shares; or
 A proposed business combination by any person or group 
of persons, whether acting individually or as a group, other 
than in a transaction approved by the company’s Board; or
 
Any other circumstance in which, in the opinion of 
Vereniging Aegon, Vereniging Aegon not exercising its full 
voting power would seriously harm the interests of the 
company and the business connected with it.
If Vereniging Aegon, acting at its sole discretion, determines 
that a Special Cause has arisen, it must notify the General 
Meeting of Shareholders. In this event, Vereniging Aegon 
retains full voting rights on its common shares B for a period 
limited to six months. Vereniging Aegon would, for that 
limited period, command 32.6% of the votes at a General 
Meeting of Shareholders.
Under the Voting Rights Agreement, Vereniging Aegon has 
the right, at its discretion, to exercise its full voting rights on 
the common shares B. Vereniging Aegon may exercise this 
right unilaterally and independently of Aegon and therefore 
also irrespective of any decisions of the Board of Aegon.
Issue and repurchase of shares
In accordance with Bermuda law, the Board will be 
authorized to issue Aegon shares up to Aegon’s authorized 
capital. However, the bye-laws determine that any issue of 
Aegon shares exceeding 10% of Aegon’s issued share 
capital requires a resolution of the General Meeting, unless 
(i) the Board determines that the issuance of shares 
is necessary or conducive for purposes of safeguarding, 
conserving, or strengthening the capital position of Aegon 
or (ii) such shares are issued to a person exercising a 
previously granted right to subscribe for shares. As a result, 
other than in the case described in the previous sentence, 
any transaction requiring the issuance of more than 10% 
of Aegon’s issued share capital will require shareholder 
approval.
According to the current bye-laws adopted by the General 
Meeting on June 12, 2024, each holder of common shares 
will have pre-emptive rights upon the issuance of common 
shares in proportion to the number of common shares held 
by such shareholder. The General Meeting can authorize 
the Board to limit or exclude such pre-emptive rights, 
provided that if less than half of the then outstanding shares 
that are entitled to vote on the matter are represented 
during such general meeting, such resolution can only be 
adopted with at least two-thirds of the votes cast.
Corporate governance
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 51

[page 52]
The General Meeting will be requested annually to provide 
authorization to the Board to exclude (i) pre-emptive rights 
for up to 10% of the issued share capital and (ii) pre-emptive 
rights for share issuances for purposes of safeguarding, 
conserving, or strengthening Aegon’s capital position. 
The same applies mutatis mutandis for holders of common 
shares B upon the issuance of common shares B, whereby 
the Board can exclude or limit these pre-emptive rights 
in accordance with a prior authorization granted by the 
meeting of holders of common shares B.
Issuances for equity compensation plans or against a non- 
cash contribution are excluded from pre-emptive rights.
Aegon is entitled to acquire its own fully paid-up shares, 
providing it acts within the parameters set by Bermuda 
law and the Dutch Non-Resident Companies Act. According 
to the current bye-laws adopted by the General Meeting 
on June 12, 2024, authorization from the General Meeting 
will be required for (i) resolutions to declare a final dividend 
and (ii) resolutions regarding the acquisition of own shares 
by Aegon. Aegon envisages to request this authorization 
annually.
Transfer of shares
There are no restrictions on the transfer of common shares. 
Common shares B can only be transferred with the prior 
approval of Aegon's Board.
Except for the Voting Rights Agreement entered into with 
Vereniging Aegon as described herein, Aegon has no 
knowledge of any agreement between shareholders that 
might restrict the transfer of shares or the voting rights 
pertaining to them.
Significant agreements and potential change 
of control
Aegon is not a party to any significant agreements that 
would take effect, alter, or terminate as a result of a change 
of control following a public offer for the outstanding shares 
of the company, other than those customary in financial 
markets (for example, financial arrangements, loans, 
and joint venture agreements).
Share plan
Senior executives at Aegon companies and certain other 
employees are entitled to variable compensation, a portion 
of which is granted in the form of shares. For further details, 
please see the Remuneration Report section and note 44 
of the notes to Aegon´s consolidated financial statements. 
Under the terms of existing share plans, the vesting of 
granted rights is predefined.
Amending the bye-laws and memorandum 
of continuance
The Board resolves on amendments to the company’s 
bye-laws and memorandum of continuance. In order for such 
an amendment to take effect, it must be approved by 
the General Meeting. Under Bermuda law, shareholders who, 
alone or jointly, represent at least 20% of Aegon’s paid-up 
share capital or any class thereof have the right to, within 
21 days after a resolution to amend the memorandum of 
continuance has been adopted by the General Meeting, 
apply to the Supreme Court of Bermuda for an annulment 
of such amendment of the memorandum of continuance, 
other than an amendment which alters or reduces Aegon’s 
share capital as provided in Bermuda law. No application 
may be made by shareholders voting in favor of the 
amendment.
Human Capital, Risk Management and Internal 
Control systems
Information on Human Capital can be found in Schedule 6 to 
the Aegon Board Regulations and in the Employee section of 
how we create value for our stakeholders.
Information on risk management and internal control 
systems relating to the financial reporting process 
can be found in the Risk management section.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
52 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 53]
Sustainability governance
Key roles
Aegon’s Board of Directors has ultimate oversight over 
sustainability. Through its Nomination and Governance 
Committee, the Board of Directors is advised and kept 
appraised of business and regulatory developments 
regarding sustainability.
Advice on Aegon’s sustainability approach is provided 
by the Global Sustainability Board (GSB), an internal 
committee, which is supported by the Corporate 
Sustainability team. The GSB is a senior management 
committee, established to enhance overall governance 
and oversight of Aegon’s company-wide approach to 
sustainability. The GSB meets quarterly and advises the 
Executive Committee on Aegon’s strategic sustainability 
approach. It is chaired by the CEO of the Americas and 
consists of senior-level representatives from across 
the company, including eight members of the Executive 
Committee.
The GSB’s core function is to steer and strengthen 
the sustainability approach across Aegon’s business 
units, and it is supported by the local sustainability boards. 
Key actions include formulating and tracking sustainability- 
focused commitments, key performance indicators (KPIs), 
and targets.
Aegon's approach to sustainability is informed by its 
double materiality assessment (DMA). The DMA is 
endorsed by the GSB and approved by the CEO with 
support of the Executive Committee. The Executive 
Committee is the owner of the material topics as defined 
under ESRS, including the associated impacts, risks, and 
opportunities, and has oversight of how these are managed 
through relevant policies, targets, and actions.
Incentives
The Directors’ Remuneration Policy demonstrates 
the importance of sustainability by requiring inclusion 
of quantitative sustainability metrics in the Short-Term 
Incentive Plan, which directly impacts the outcome of 
the award. The CEO’s variable compensation also places 
significant emphasis on sustainable long-term performance 
under the Long-Term Incentive Plan. Moreover, a significant 
sustainability-related risk or compliance incident may result 
in a malus adjustment or claw-back of the CEO’s variable 
compensation. For more information on the Executive 
Directors' Remuneration Policy and the CEO's variable 
compensation, please refer to the Remuneration Report.
Risk management
The Group Risk & Capital Committee (GRCC) oversees 
the Risk function's climate scenarios that analyze the 
potential impacts of climate change on our financial 
accounts. The Non-Financial Risk Committee (NFRC) 
oversees the Risk function's annual climate risk 
assessment that identifies possible physical and 
transition risks that could impact Aegon.
The Compliance function co-ordinates Aegon’s biennial 
Human Rights Risk Assessment and also carries out an 
Annual Compliance Risk Assessment (ACRA) to assess 
compliance risks. This is also overseen by the NFRC.
Sustainability governance
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 53

[page 54]
Composition of the Executive 
Committee and Board of Directors
Members of the Executive Committee
Lard Friese (1962, Dutch)
CEO and Chairman of the Executive Committee, 
and executive member of the Board of Directors 
of Aegon Ltd.
Please refer to the Composition of the Board of Directors 
in the next section for more information on Lard Friese’s 
background.
Duncan Russell (1978, British)
Chief Financial Officer 
and member of the Executive Committee
Duncan Russell has worked all of his professional career in 
the financial services sector. Mr. Russell was appointed 
Chief Transformation Officer and member of the Executive 
Committee of Aegon in August 2020. In September 2024, 
Mr. Russell was appointed Group Chief Financial Officer 
of Aegon Ltd.
Prior to joining Aegon, Mr. Russell was CFO and Board 
member at Admiral Financial Services, the financial services 
subsidiary of Admiral Group, a UK based insurance company,
where he was responsible for finance, analytics, funding, 
credit risk and pricing.
Before joining Admiral Group, Mr. Russell was Head of Group 
Strategy and Corporate Finance at NN Group N.V., 
the Netherlands, where he was responsible for capital 
management, treasury, M&A, and the Group strategy.
Before joining NN Group N.V., Mr. Russell held various 
positions at financial services groups in London, including 
JP Morgan.
Michele Bareggi (1973, Italian)
Chief Strategy, Transformation & Growth Officer  
and member of the Executive Committee
Michele Bareggi has over 25 years of experience in the 
financial services industry. This includes his tenure at Athora, 
a leading European savings and retirement services group. 
Mr. Bareggi was at Athora since its formation in 2018, 
leading the group through a significant period of growth, 
including its expansion into Belgium, Ireland, Italy, and the 
Netherlands. He has served as CEO, Deputy CEO & 
President of the Athora group; Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Athora Netherlands and Chair of the Board of 
Athora Belgium.
Prior to Athora, Mr. Bareggi held senior positions, covering 
both private and public markets, at Morgan Stanley, Nomura, 
Lehman Brothers and Credit Suisse. During his time at these 
global investment banks, he played key roles in designing, 
marketing, and implementing assets and insurance products, 
ALM and risk management solutions as well as new 
business initiatives to support the needs of European 
insurance companies.
Mr. Bareggi joined Aegon as Chief Strategy, Transformation 
and Growth Officer on November 1, 2024 and is a member 
of Aegon's Executive Committee.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
54 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 55]
Will Fuller (1971, American)
CEO of Aegon Americas 
and member of the Executive Committee
Throughout his 30-year career in financial services, 
Will Fuller has been dedicated to helping consumers live 
better today and worry less about tomorrow through 
advocacy, communication, and education. Whether he’s 
serving in senior leadership roles or engaging in industry- 
wide advocacy efforts, Mr. Fuller is passionate about 
meaningful work that makes a difference in people’s lives.
Mr. Fuller was appointed President and Chief Executive 
Officer of Transamerica Corporation in March 2021. 
Transamerica is one of the nation’s largest insurers, with 
millions of customers throughout the United States and 
Canada, and approximately USD 400 billion in assets under 
management and administration across its core businesses 
of life insurance, annuities, retirement plans, asset 
management, and employee benefits.
Together with the Transamerica senior leadership team, 
6,100 employees, and World Financial Group’s network of 
over 95,000 licensed agents, Mr. Fuller is driving 
Transamerica’s strategic and financial transformation into 
America’s leading middle market life insurance and 
retirement company.
Mr. Fuller is a member of the Transamerica Corporation 
Board of Directors and the Executive Committee of 
Aegon Ltd., Transamerica’s parent company. Prior to joining 
Transamerica, Mr. Fuller served in senior leadership roles 
for Lincoln Financial Group and Merrill Lynch.
Mr. Fuller serves on the CEO Committee for the Alliance for 
Lifetime Income by LIMRA. He is a board member of the 
American Council of Life Insurers and LL Global Inc., whose 
LIMRA and LOMA organizations have a combined 
membership of more than 700 insurance and financial 
services firms across 63 countries.
Mr. Fuller is a former board member of Forum for Investor 
Advice, Money Management Institute, and Insured 
Retirement Institute – which honored him with its 2019 
Industry Champion of Financial Security Award.  
Mr. Fuller was appointed as a member of Aegon's Executive 
Committee in March 2021. 
Mike Holliday-Williams (1970, British)
CEO of Aegon UK 
and member of the Executive Committee
Mike Holliday-Williams started his career with WHSmith 
in 1991 as a graduate trainee, working as a Retail Manager 
in many UK stores and in Business Development. In 1997, 
he joined Centrica where he had several general 
management and marketing roles in British Gas, before 
becoming the Residential & Marketing Director of Centrica 
Telecoms/One.Tel in 2004.
In 2006, Mr. Holliday-Williams joined RSA, becoming the UK 
Managing Director of Personal Lines in 2008, responsible 
for MORE THAN, Partnerships, and the Broker businesses.
In 2011, he moved to Copenhagen to become the CEO of 
RSA Group's Scandinavian businesses, Codan A/S and 
Trygg-Hansa, and he also became a member of the RSA 
Group Executive Board. In 2014, he moved to Direct Line 
Group (DLG) to become MD of the Personal Lines business, 
joining the Board of DLG in February 2017.
Mr. Holliday-Williams joined Aegon UK in October 2019, 
to take over as CEO. He became a member of Aegon's 
Executive Committee in March 2020.
Astrid Jäkel (1977, German)
Chief Risk Officer 
and member of the Executive Committee
Astrid Jäkel has more than 20 years of experience in the 
European and global insurance sectors. She joined Aegon 
from the international management consultancy firm Oliver 
Wyman where she was a partner in the European Insurance 
and Asset Management Practice, co-leader of the European 
Insurance Financial Effectiveness team as well as a member 
of the Board of Oliver Wyman's Swiss subsidiary. 
Her consulting work focused on high-impact risk, capital, 
asset liability and investment management topics.
Ms. Jäkel worked with leading European and global insurers 
on a broad range of projects to help transform and optimize 
their risk and balance sheet management capabilities for 
market, credit, insurance, and non-financial risks.
Ms. Jäkel was appointed CRO of Aegon and member 
of Aegon’s Executive Committee in March 2022. 
Her responsibilities include managing Aegon’s Group Risk 
and Actuarial functions, along with maintaining the Group’s 
Risk Management framework and overseeing the risk 
management capabilities.
Composition of the Executive Committee and Board of Directors
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 55

[page 56]
Shawn C.D. Johnson (1963, American)
CEO of Aegon Asset Management 
and member of the Executive Committee
Shawn C.D. Johnson’s career in the financial services 
industry spans over 25 years, most recently as CEO of 
AMP Capital, where he led the global asset manager 
through a strategic transformation.
Prior to AMP Capital, Mr. Johnson founded Guidon Global 
LLC, an investment management and consulting firm. 
He had a 15-year tenure at State Street Global Advisors 
(SSGA), where he served as SSGA’s Investment Committee 
Chairman overseeing USD 2.1 trillion in client assets and 
played a key role in guiding the firm's global investment 
strategies. Mr. Johnson's broad investment experience 
covers all asset classes including cash, fixed income, global 
equities, real estate, currencies, commodities, hedge funds 
and private equity.
Mr. Johnson is a former chair of both the US Financial 
Services Sector Coordinating Council (FSSCC) and 
the Association of Institutional Investors’.
Mr. Johnson was appointed CEO of Aegon Asset 
Management and a member of Aegon's Executive 
Committee in September 2024.
Marco Keim (1962, Dutch)
CEO of Aegon International 
and member of the Executive Committee
Marco Keim began his career with accountancy firm 
Coopers & Lybrand/Van Dien, before moving to the aircraft 
manufacturer Fokker Aircraft and NS Reizigers, part of the 
Dutch railway company, NS Group.
In 1999, he joined Swiss Life in the Netherlands as a member 
of the Board and was appointed CEO three years later. 
Mr. Keim was appointed CEO of Aegon the Netherlands and 
member of Aegon's Executive Committee in June 2008.
From 2017 to 2020, Mr. Keim headed Aegon's operations 
on mainland Europe. Since January 2020, Mr. Keim is 
responsible for Aegon’s insurance joint ventures in Brazil 
and China, its businesses in Spain & Portugal, its high-net- 
worth insurance business, as well as several ventures in 
Asia. These businesses together comprise the reporting 
segment ‘Aegon International’.
Mr. Keim is a former member of the Supervisory Board 
of Eneco Holding N.V.
Onno van Klinken (1969, Dutch)
General Counsel 
and member of the Executive Committee
Onno van Klinken has more than 30 years’ experience 
providing legal advice to a range of companies and leading 
Executive Board offices. Mr. Van Klinken started his career 
at Allen & Overy, and previously worked for Aegon between 
2002 and 2006.
He then served as Corporate Secretary for Royal Numico, 
before it was acquired by Groupe Danone. His next position 
was as General Counsel for the Dutch global mail and 
express group TNT, where he served from 2008 until
the legal demerger of the group in 2011. This was followed 
by General Counsel positions at D.E. Master Blenders 1753 
and Corio N.V.
Mr. Van Klinken rejoined Aegon in 2014 as General Counsel 
responsible for Group Legal, Compliance, the Board Office, 
and Government and Policy Affairs. Mr. Van Klinken has been 
a member of Aegon's Executive Committee since August 
2016. Mr. Van Klinken was appointed member of the Board 
of Stichting Continuïteit SBM Offshore in December 2016.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
56 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 57]
Deborah Waters (1967, American)
Chief Technology Officer 
and member of the Executive Committee
Deborah Waters began her career at aerospace group 
Lockheed Martin in 1989 before moving to software 
consultancy group Seer Technologies.
In 1995, she joined Citigroup Inc., where she held various 
technology leadership positions in the intervening years. 
Most recently she served for over five years as Citi's Global 
Head of Private Bank Operations and Technology. 
Additionally, Ms. Waters was the Head of Inclusion and 
Diversity for Citi’s Institutional Client Group Operations 
and Technology.
Previous roles at Citigroup include leading Client Centric 
and Equities Technology, supporting the Equities, Research, 
Commercial Bank, Citi Velocity, and Markets Sales 
businesses. She also served as the Chief Operating Officer
for the Markets Technology organization during her tenure 
there. Before moving to Markets Technology, Ms. Waters 
managed Markets and Operational Risk Technology for 
the organization where she started as a developer of risk 
solutions.
Ms. Waters joined Aegon in February 2022 as Chief 
Technology Officer and is a member of Aegon's Executive 
Committee. In addition, Ms. Waters was named 
Transamerica's CTO in May 2025 to lead an integrated 
technology organization that combines Transamerica’s 
technology services and Aegon’s global technology 
services. In her capacity as CTO of Transamerica, she is also 
a member of Transamerica’s Executive Committee.
Ms. Waters is member of the Board of Directors of 
RanMarine Technology BV (not-listed).
Holly Waters (1970, American)
Chief Human Resources Officer 
and member of the Executive Committee
Holly Waters has over 25 years of experience in corporate 
human resources. Most of this time has been in leadership 
positions at Transamerica, Aegon’s largest business and a 
leading provider of life insurance, retirement, and investment 
solutions in the US. Her responsibilities have included 
strengthening employee engagement and corporate 
performance through leadership in strategic planning, talent 
management, and organizational transformation.
Ms. Waters was appointed Chief People and Places officer 
at Transamerica in March 2020. In this role, she is 
responsible for leading talent acquisition and development, 
compensation and benefits, human resources operations 
and systems, diversity and inclusion, and strategic HR 
business partnering. Ms. Waters is also a member of 
Transamerica’s Executive Committee and is responsible for 
company’s real estate portfolio and facilities throughout the 
US and Canada.
In November 2025, Ms. Waters was appointed, on an interim 
basis, as Chief Human Resources Officer at Aegon and a 
member of Aegon’s Executive Committee.
Composition of the Executive Committee and Board of Directors
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 57

[page 58]
Board of Directors
William L. Connelly (1958, French)
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
until November 12, 2025 
Chairman of the Nomination and Governance 
Committee until November 12, 2025
Mr. Connelly was appointed to the Board of Directors in 
2017 and designated Chairman of the Board of Directors 
in May, 2018. Following an eight-year tenure, Mr. Connelly 
retired from the Board of Directors as per November, 2025.
David Herzog (1959, American)
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Mr. David Herzog brings over forty years of life insurance 
and financial services experience to the Board. Currently 
serving as Chairman of the Board at DXC Technology, 
Mr. Herzog’s extensive career includes roles such as Chief 
Financial Officer and Executive Vice President at American 
International Group (AIG) from 2008 to 2016. Prior to this, 
Mr. Herzog was the Chief Financial Officer and Chief 
Operating Officer at American General Life, following its 
acquisition by AIG. He also held various executive positions 
at GenAmerica Corporation and Family Guardian Life, 
a Citicorp company, adding to his profound insight into the 
financial services industry. Until May 2025, Mr. Herzog was 
a member of the Board of Directors at MetLife Inc. and was 
Chair of the Audit Committee from 2017 to 2024.
Mr. Herzog was appointed to Aegon’s Board in June 2025, 
and designated Chairman of the Board of Directors in 
November 2025. His current term ends in 2029.
Lard Friese (1962, Dutch)
CEO and Chairman of the Executive Committee, 
and (executive) member of the Board of Directors
Lard Friese has worked most of his professional career in 
the insurance industry, including 10 years at Aegon between 
1993 and 2003. He was employed by ING as from 2008, 
where he held various positions. In July 2014, upon the 
settlement of the Initial Public Offering of NN Group N.V., 
he became the CEO of NN Group. During his tenure at 
NN Group, he led a wide range of businesses in Europe 
and Asia and created a stable platform for growth and 
shareholder value.
He has extensive experience in the areas of insurance, 
investment management, customer centricity, mergers 
and acquisitions, and business transformation.
Mr. Friese was appointed CEO Designate on March 1, 2020, 
and has been appointed Executive Director of the Board. 
In 2024, Mr. Friese was re-elected as Member of the Board 
of Directors until the end of the AGM to be held in 2028. 
Mr. Friese is CEO and Chairman of the Executive Committee 
of Aegon Ltd.
Mr. Friese is also a member of the Supervisory Board 
of ASR Nederland N.V. and a member of the Supervisory 
Board of Pon Holdings B.V. (non-listed). Mr. Friese is also 
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of The Geneva 
Association, the leading global think tank for the insurance 
industry.
Albert Benchimol 
(1957, American, Canadian, Moroccan)
Chairman of the Nomination and Governance 
Committee 
Member of the Risk Committee
Mr. Albert Benchimol brings more than 40 years of 
experience as a senior leader in the insurance and 
reinsurance industry. Between 2012 and May 2023, 
he was president and Chief Executive Officer of AXIS 
Capital Holdings, a Bermuda-based global specialty 
underwriter and provider of insurance and reinsurance 
solutions. Subsequently, Mr. Benchimol became advisor 
to the CEO and the Executive Committee at AXIS Capital 
Holdings, a role he retained until the end of 2023. Before 
joining AXIS Capital Holdings, Mr. Benchimol held various 
senior positions at PartnerRe and Reliance Group Holdings, 
after beginning his career in banking at the Bank of Montreal. 
Mr. Benchimol has also served in a leadership role in a 
number of additional industry organizations, including Chair 
of the Association of Bermuda Insurers and Reinsurers, and 
as an External Member of the Council of Lloyd’s.
Mr. Benchimol was appointed to Aegon’s Board in June 
2024, and his current term ends in 2028. He is Chairman of 
the Nomination and Governance Committee and member of 
the Risk Committee.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
58 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 59]
Mark A. Ellman (1957, American)
Chairman of the Compensation and Human Resource 
Committee 
Member of the Risk Committee
Mark A. Ellman is a former Vice Chairman Global Origination 
of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Before joining Bank of 
America/Merrill Lynch, he held various roles in the US 
insurance industry. These mostly entailed working in 
corporate finance at large US financial institutions, 
where he was engaged in M&A advice and transactions, 
together with equity and debt raisings for insurance 
companies. 
He was a founding partner of Barrett Ellman Stoddard 
Capital Partners.
Mr. Ellman was appointed to Aegon's Board in 2017, and 
his current term ends in 2029. He is a Chairman of the 
Compensation and Human Resource Committee and 
member of the Risk Committee. Mr. Ellman was a Non- 
Executive Director of Aegon USA from 2012 to 2017.
Karen Fawcett (1962, British)
Member of the Risk Committee 
Member of the Compensation and Human Resource 
Committee
Karen Fawcett was formerly CEO Retail, Brand and 
Marketing for Standard Chartered Bank, which focused 
primarily on Asia, Africa, and the Middle East. Her broad 
career across complex global businesses covers wholesale 
and retail banking, global strategy, technology 
transformation, and brand and marketing.
Prior to her career in banking, Ms. Fawcett was Partner 
at global management and information technology 
consultancy firm Booz, Allen & Hamilton, where she advised 
insurers, banks, and asset managers on a wide range of 
strategic, technological, and operational transformations.
Ms. Fawcett was appointed to Aegon's Board in May 2022 
and her current term ends in 2026. She is a member of 
the Compensation and Human Resource Committee and 
a member of the Risk Committee.
Ms. Fawcett holds several non-executive director positions, 
with a portfolio across financial services, digital 
transformation, and climate change mitigation. These 
positions are with the following non-listed entities: the LGT 
Group Foundation; Temus; Global EverGreening Alliance; 
and BetterTradeOff. Ms. Fawcett is a former member of 
the Board of Directors of INSEAD.
Lori Fouché (1969, American)
Member of the Risk Committee 
Member of the Nomination and Governance 
Committee
Ms. Lori Fouché brings over two decades of experience in 
the financial services industry. Most recently, Ms. Fouché 
served as Senior Executive Vice President and Advisor to 
the CEO of TIAA, a US-based provider of retirement and 
investment solutions, and as CEO of TIAA Financial 
Solutions. Prior to joining TIAA in 2018, she held several 
senior positions at Prudential Financial, including Group 
Head of Individual Solutions, President of Individual 
Annuities, and CEO of Group Insurance businesses.
Ms. Fouché currently serves on the Board of The Kraft Heinz 
Company, a global food and beverage company. She also 
serves as a director of Gusto Inc., a private payroll, benefits, 
and human resource management software provider since 
October 2021, and Hippo Holdings, a property insurance 
provider. She is member of the Princeton University Board of 
Trustees (not listed).
Ms. Fouché was appointed to Aegon’s Board in June 2025, 
and her current term ends in 2029. She is a member of the 
Risk Committee and Member of the Nomination and 
Governance Committee.
Composition of the Executive Committee and Board of Directors
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 59

[page 60]
Jack McGarry (1958, American)
Chairman of the Audit Committee 
Member of the Compensation and Human Resource 
Committee
Jack McGarry is a former actuary who spent the majority 
of his career at Unum Group, an NYSE-listed provider of 
workplace financial protection benefits. He has held various 
leadership roles in risk management, in finance, as CEO of 
Unum’s business in the United Kingdom, and CEO of Unum’s 
Closed Block.
His last position at Unum was as Chief Financial Officer 
(CFO). As CFO, he successfully led the transformation of 
the finance organization by outsourcing transactional
processes, driving automation across the organization, 
implementing accounting and financial planning & analysis 
platforms and modelling, and navigating the company 
through the implementation of tax reform.
This experience underscores his in-depth knowledge of the 
insurance industry and his integral perspective on managing 
an insurance company. Mr. McGarry was appointed to 
Aegon’s Board in June 2021, and his current term ends 
in 2029. Mr. McGarry is Chairman of the Audit Committee 
and member of the Compensation and Human Resource 
Committee.
Jay Ralph (1959, American, Swiss)
Member of the Audit Committee 
Member of the Nomination and Governance 
Committee
Mr. Jay Ralph has had a distinguished career in insurance 
and asset management including almost 20 years of 
leadership roles at Allianz SE, a global insurance and asset 
management company. Mr. Ralph was most recently a 
member of the Board of Management of Allianz SE and 
Chairman of both Allianz Asset Management and Allianz Life 
Insurance Company North America. He has also served on 
various boards of Allianz SE’s global subsidiaries across
Europe and the Americas. Prior to this, he held several senior 
roles in the financial industry.
Mr. Ralph currently sits on the Board of Swiss Re Group and 
is an advisor to the Siemens Pension Board (not listed).
Mr. Ralph was appointed to Aegon’s Board in June 2025, and 
his current term ends in 2029. He is a member of the Audit 
Committee and Member of the Nomination and Governance 
Committee.
Caroline Ramsay (1962, British)
Chairman of the Risk Committee 
Member of the Audit Committee
Caroline Ramsay gained a Master's degree in Natural 
Sciences in 1984 at Cambridge. She started her 
professional career at KPMG in Ipswich and London, where 
she qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 1987. During her 
long career, Ms. Ramsay gained substantial experience in 
Finance and Audit at large insurance companies. In addition 
to her strong financial background, Ms. Ramsay acquired 
extensive managerial expertise in executive roles at 
Norwich Union plc (now Aviva plc) and RSA.
Ms. Ramsay holds various Non-Executive Board positions. 
In 2013, she joined the board of Scottish Equitable – and in 
2017 also the boards of Aegon UK plc and Cofunds Ltd. – 
where she served as the Audit Committee Chair until May 
14, 2020. Ms. Ramsay was appointed to Aegon's Board in 
May 2020 and her current term ends in 2028. She served as 
Chairman of the Audit Committee and as a member of the 
Risk Committee until August 2023 and is currently Chairman 
of the Risk Committee and a member of the Audit 
Committee.
Ms. Ramsay is senior independent Director of the Board of 
Brit Syndicates Ltd. (non-listed), and a member of the Board 
of Directors of Tesco Underwriting Ltd. (non-listed), Tesco 
Personal Finance Ltd (non listed), and Tesco Personal 
Finance Group Ltd (non listed). Ms. Ramsay is a former 
member of the FCA Regulatory Decisions Committee, and 
a former member of the Payment Systems Regulator's 
Enforcement Decisions Committee. Ms. Ramsay served as 
member of the Board of Directors of Ardonagh Specialty 
Holdings Ltd. (non-listed) and as a member of the Board of 
Directors of Aberdeen UK Smaller Companies Growth 
Trust plc.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
60 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 61]
Thomas Wellauer (1955, Swiss)
Member of the Audit Committee 
Member of the Compensation and Human Resource 
Committee
Thomas Wellauer started his professional career at 
McKinsey & Company, where he served as Senior Partner 
and Practice Leader. He held various executive management 
positions at multi-industries, including financial services, 
pharmaceuticals, and chemicals. Among others, he served 
on the Executive Committees of Winterthur, Credit Suisse, 
Novartis, and Swiss Re. His most recent position from 2010 
to 2019 was Group Chief Operating Officer of Swiss Re. 
During his career, Mr. Wellauer also served as independent 
Director on the boards of several global companies such as 
Munich Re and Syngenta.
Mr. Wellauer was appointed to Aegon's Board in May 2020, 
and his current term ends in 2028. He is a member of the 
Audit Committee and a member of the Compensation and 
Human Resource Committee.
Mr. Wellauer is Member of the Board of Directors of SIX 
Group (not listed), and Chairman of the Board of Trustees 
of the University Hospital Zurich Foundation. Mr. Wellauer 
is the former Chairman of the International Chamber of 
Commerce in Switzerland.
Corien M. Wortmann (1959, Dutch)
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Member of the Audit Committee 
Member of the Nomination and Governance 
Committee
Corien Wortmann was Chairman of the Board of Stichting 
Pensioenfonds ABP, the Dutch public sector collective 
pension fund until December 2022, and is a former Member 
of the European Parliament and Vice President on Financial, 
Economic and Environmental affairs for the EPP Group 
(European People's Party). She was appointed to Aegon's 
Board in May 2014. In 2024, Ms. Wortmann was re-elected 
as Non-Executive Director of the Board of Directors of 
Aegon Ltd. for a term of two years until the end of the AGM 
to be held in 2026.
She is Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, and 
a member of the Audit Committee and the Nomination 
and Governance Committee.
Ms. Wortmann is a member of the Board of Directors 
of DSM-Firmenich AG., Chairperson of the Supervisory 
Board of Netspar (non-listed), Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Deloitte Nederland (non-listed), and Member of the 
Supervisory Board of Planet B.io. (non-listed). She is a former 
member of the Supervisory Board of Het Kadaster, a former 
member of the Supervisory Board of Save the Children 
Nederland, and a former member of the Advisory Committee 
of the Financial Markets Authority.
Composition of the Executive Committee and Board of Directors
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 61

[page 62]
Report of the Board of Directors
The Report of the Board of Directors highlights the main 
topics discussed by the Board of Directors (the Board), 
the composition of the Board, the roles and responsibilities 
of its committees including the topics addressed, and 
provides information on the Board process, the appointment 
of the independent auditor, and the adoption of the annual 
accounts 2025.
Main topics discussed
In 2025, the Board discussed, often together with 
management, many topics that are of importance for 
Aegon’s strategy execution, its strategic developments 
and the business units’ performance. The Board actively 
engaged in strategic deliberations throughout the year, 
focusing on key aspects that shape the Group's direction 
and long-term success. A central component of the Board's 
activities involved the ongoing management of the business 
portfolio. This included the evaluation and execution of 
acquisitions to strengthen the Group's capabilities, 
as well as divestments to streamline operations and 
optimize resources. In addition to portfolio adjustments, 
the Board oversaw transactions related to the balance 
sheet, ensuring that the Group's financial position remained 
robust and aligned with strategic objectives. During these 
discussions, the Board takes into consideration the views 
of management and other stakeholders while weighing 
opportunities, capabilities, risks, feasibility and timing 
of decisions. Underneath, some of the main topics are 
highlighted.
Relocation to the United States
In August 2025, Aegon announced a review of the potential 
relocation of Aegon’s legal domicile, tax residence, and 
corporate headquarters to the United States. In close 
collaboration with Aegon’s management and after taking 
into account internal and external counsel and views from 
stakeholders, the Board considers the relocation in the best 
interest of Aegon. Aligning the structure with the largest 
business unit and market will strengthen the strategy and 
simplify governance and execution. Going forward, the 
Board will continue to oversee the intended transition, 
which requires shareholder approval, and the execution 
of this multi-year relocation process.
US GAAP accounting
As part of the relocation process, the Board discussed in 
depth its accounting frameworks. Moving from IFRS 
reporting to US GAAP reporting will allow valuation of Aegon 
on the same basis as US peers. The Board supported the 
change in accounting framework, aiming to start US GAAP 
reporting as of full-year 2027. The Board further discussed 
and agreed that, in order to facilitate the transition, Aegon 
will stop publishing trading updates in 2026 and 2027.
a.s.r. shareholding
The Board discussed, without the Group CEO present, 
the a.s.r. shareholding. The aim is to hold the shares until 
value-creating opportunities present themselves. Following 
the Board’s decision, Aegon sold 12.5 million shares in a.s.r. 
in September 2025 reducing Aegon’s shareholding in a.s.r. 
from around 30% to approximately 24% of a.s.r.’s 
share capital.
Capital Markets Day 2025
During the Capital Markets Day 2025 (CMD), Aegon 
announced the reinsurance of Secondary Guarantee 
Universal Life (SGUL) contracts (USD 10 billion net face 
value) by Transamerica. The transaction reduced capital 
employed and increases remittances from Transamerica. 
The Board discussed the transaction and considered the 
related USD 0.8 billion capital investment into Transamerica 
favorable compared to alternative capital deployment 
options. The Board continues to be focused on capital 
allocation in line with its capital policy. The Board aims to 
return excess capital to stockholders’ overtime unless it 
can be invested in value-creating opportunities.
The Board pre-discussed other CMD topics as well, which 
focused mainly on building a bigger, broader, more profitable 
US Life Insurance and Retirement industry leader. Also 
discussed was the growth potential and efficiency of the 
Aegon Asset Management and the launch of a strategic 
review of the Aegon UK business. The Board discussed and 
supported the financial ambitions for 2026 and 2027.
Governance and sustainability
Furthermore, the Board addressed the rotation of the 
Chairman of the Board of Directors and board succession 
planning in general. Through its Nomination and Governance 
Committee, the Board was kept appraised of sustainability 
developments, which included Aegon’s sustainability 
approach, the long-standing focus on responsible investing, 
Aegon’s net-zero ambitions, and the focus on fostering 
a fair and inclusive company.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
62 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 63]
Other 2025 topics
In addition, the Board addressed, among others, 
the following topics in 2025:
 The use of the remuneration policy and framework 
and executive remuneration;
 Communication and stakeholder management;
 The self-evaluation of the 2024 Board performance;
 The Annual Report 2024;
 The regular business updates;
 The approval of the 2024 financial results, the 2025 
interim financial results, and the (interim) dividends 
and share buybacks;
 
The funding plan and funding authorization;
 Capital generation and solvency capital positions;
 Enterprise risk management, information security, 
and cybersecurity;
 The budget and medium term plan;
 Human resources, including succession planning, talent 
development, organizational health developments, 
cultural change and diversity;
 
Brand architecture;
 Educational sessions on e.g. hedging and liquidity, 
sustainability, US governance, group solvency, information 
security, and business deep dives;
 Regulatory changes at both regional and global levels;
 Tax policy and developments; and
 Technology developments and innovations, AI in particular.
2026 focus areas
In 2026, the Board will continue to focus on the business 
units delivering on their ambitions in line with the budget/ 
medium-term plan. The Board will closely monitor the growth 
developments, and the value creation of the businesses 
while focusing on the strategy developments, including 
amongst other things the strategic review of Aegon UK, 
and execution capabilities. Other areas of attention relate 
to the transition to the US, US GAAP accounting, technology 
developments, talent development, integrated reporting, 
controls, and employee wellbeing. Also, the Board will 
continue to follow other organizational and external 
developments.
Composition of the Board
The composition of the Board is discussed regularly 
in Board meetings, prepared by the Nomination and 
Governance Committee. The chair rotation process was of 
particular attention in 2025. Following the recommendation 
of the Nomination and Governance Committee and upon 
nomination by the Board, the following changes to the Board 
have taken place:
 
At the 2025 Annual General Meeting held on June 12, 
2025, the shareholders voted in favor of the re-election of 
Mr. Connelly for a term of 1 year. Mr. Connelly retired from 
the Board of Directors on November 13, 2025.
 
Also re-elected were Mr. Ellman and Mr. McGarry, both 
for a term of four years until the end of the AGM to be held 
in 2029.
 Ms. Fouché, Mr. Herzog, and Mr. Ralph were elected for 
a term of four years until the end of the AGM to be held 
in 2029.
 
Mr. Herzog was appointed by the Board as the new 
Chairman effective November 13, 2025.
 At the 2025 AGM, Ms. Young stepped down as Director 
following a 12-year tenure.
The Board is highly appreciative of Mr. Connelly’s and 
Ms. Young’s years of dedication and contributions.
All non-executive directors are independent directors.
An induction program is in place for new Board members. 
The program is regularly updated to reflect changes in the 
environment in which Aegon operates, including regulatory 
changes. The program is tailored to the needs of individual 
Board members.
An overview of the composition of the Board of Directors 
in 2025 can be found in the section Composition of 
the Board and Executive Committee of this Annual Report. 
The retirement schedule is available as part of the Board 
Regulations on aegon.com.
Report of the Board of Directors
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 63

[page 64]
The table below depicts, among other things, the tenure, 
the attendance of the board members, and the number 
of meetings held. 
The Board of Directors retains the ability to call special 
meetings of the Board and any of its committees as needed.
unit 2025 2024 %
Board members1
Board of Directors
Total members nr 11 10 10%
Average tenure years 4 6 (32%)
Average age years 65 66 (1%)
Executive Board members
Executive board members - Total members nr 1 1 0%
Executive board members - Average tenure years 6 5 20%
Executive board members - Average age years 63 62 2%
Non-executive Board members
Non-executive board members - Total members nr 10 9 11%
Non-executive board members - Proportion of independent members of Board of 
Directors
% 91% 90% 1pp
Non-executive board members - Average tenure years 4 6 (28%)
Non-executive board members - Average age years 65 66 (1%)
Executive Committee
Executive Committee - Total members nr 11 11 0%
Executive Committee - Average tenure years 5 5 13%
Executive Committee - Average age years 56 55 2%
Board of Directors
Women in Board of Directors nr 4 4 0%
Proportion of women in Board of Directors % 36% 40% (4pp)
Men in Board of Directors nr 7 6 17%
Proportion of men in Board of Directors % 64% 60% 4pp
Executive Committee
Women in Executive Committee nr 3 3 0%
Proportion of women in Executive Committee % 27% 27% 0pp
Men in Executive Committee nr 8 8 0%
Proportion of men in Executive Committee % 73% 73% 0pp
Board oversight
Board of Directors
Board of Directors - Number of regular meetings nr 8 8 0%
Board of Directors - Proportion of regular meetings fully attended % 88% 88% 0pp
Audit Committee
Audit Committee - Number of meetings nr 6 7 (14%)
Audit Committee - Proportion of meetings fully attended % 100% 100% 0pp
Risk Committee
Risk Committee - Number of meetings nr 5 6 (17%)
Risk Committee - Proportion of meetings fully attended % 80% 83% (3pp)
Compensation and Human Resource Committee
Compensation and Human Resource Committee - Number of meetings nr 6 6 0%
Compensation and Human Resource Committee - Proportion of meetings fully attended % 83% 100% (17pp)
Nomination and Governance Committee
Nomination and Governance Committee - Number of meetings nr 6 6 0%
Nomination and Governance Committee - Proportion of meetings fully attended % 100% 100% 0pp
Number of additional meetings/calls2 nr 12 7 71%
Proportion of additional meetings/calls fully attended % 92% 86% 6pp
n.a. – not applicable; n.m. – not measured; pp – percentage points
1 The Board of Directors consists an Executive Board member (the CEO) and Non Executive Board members. The Board of Directors is supported by the 
Executive Committee.
2 Throughout the year several sub-committee and ad-hoc meetings were scheduled.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
64 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 65]
The Committees
The Board has four committees, comprising solely of 
Non-Executive Directors: the Audit Committee, the Risk
 
Committee, the Nomination and Governance Committee, 
and the Compensation and Human Resource Committee.
The Audit Committee
The Audit Committee has confirmed that all its members 
qualified as independent according to Rule 10A-3 of 
the SEC. The Chairman of the Audit Committee qualifies 
as a financial expert according to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
in the United States and the NYSE requirements.
Role and responsibilities
Aegon has both an Audit Committee and a Risk Committee. 
With regard to the oversight of the operation of the risk 
management framework and risk control systems, including 
supervising the enforcement of relevant legislation and 
regulations, the Audit Committee operates in close 
coordination with the Risk Committee. Certain Board 
members participate in both committees, and a combined 
meeting of the Audit Committee and Risk Committee is 
scheduled at least on an annual basis.
The main role and responsibilities of the Audit Committee 
are to assist and advise the Board in fulfilling its oversight 
responsibilities regarding:
 
The integrity and quality of the consolidated financial 
statements for the Group;
 The effectiveness of the design, operation, and 
appropriateness of the enterprise risk management 
framework and internal control systems of the Group, 
including supervising the enforcement of the relevant 
legislation and regulations, supervising the operation of 
the Code of Conduct, and monitoring the internal control 
over financial reporting;
 The integrity, quality, and disclosure of financial and non- 
financial information by the Group, including but not limited 
to the choice of accounting policies, application, and 
assessment of the effects of new rules, information about 
the handling of estimated items in the annual accounts, 
forecasts, and work of the External and Internal Auditors;
 
Compliance with recommendations and observations 
and following up on comments of Internal and External 
Auditors, including the review of compliance and 
complaints (whistleblowing) procedures and reports;
 The role and functioning of the internal audit function;
 The policy of the company on tax planning;
 Actuarial matters;
 The funding, financing, capital structure, and capital 
reporting of the Group, the Group Capital Plan, and 
treasury policies and procedures, including significant 
financial exposures;
 Applications of information and communication 
technology, including risks relating to cybersecurity 
and information security;
 The integrity of the consolidated half-yearly and full-year 
financial statements and financial reporting processes;
 Internal control systems and the effectiveness of 
the internal audit process;
 
Relationship with the External Auditor, including in 
particular its appointment, reappointment, or dismissal, 
qualifications, independence, remuneration, and any 
services for the Group; and
 
The performance of the external auditors and 
the effectiveness of the external audit process, 
including monitoring the independence and objectivity 
of the external auditor.
Other 2025 topics
In 2025, the Audit Committee addressed, among others, 
the following topics:
 Financial information and reporting, dividend proposals, 
share buyback proposals, and financial publications;
 US GAAP preparations;
 Reports from the independent auditor, including 
the Annual Audit Plan and fee letter;
 The external auditor assessment;
 Quarterly update reports from Compliance, including 
the annual plan, and Group Legal;
 
Quarterly update reports from Internal Audit, the Audit 
Plan, and the Audit Charter;
 The quarterly IFRS/Solvency control program updates;
 Cash flow testing results;
 Compliance with regulations;
 Assumption and model changes, and the actuarial function 
report; and
 
Updates from Group Tax.
Board committee membership1
Audit Committee Risk Committee
Nomination and 
Governance Committee
Compensation and Human 
Resources Committee
David Herzog (Chairman of the Board)
Lard Friese (CEO)
Albert Benchimol Member Chairman
Mark Ellman Member Chairman
Karen Fawcett Member Member
Lori Fouché Member Member
Jack McGarry Chairman Member
Jay Ralph Member Member
Caroline Ramsay Member Chairman
Thomas Wellauer Member Member
Corien Wortmann (vice-chair of the Board) Member Member
1 Board committee membership as per December 31, 2025.
Report of the Board of Directors
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 65

[page 66]
The Risk Committee
Role and responsibilities
The Risk Committee focuses on the effectiveness of 
the design and operation and the appropriateness of 
the enterprise risk management framework and internal 
control systems of Aegon Ltd. This includes:
 
Risk strategy;
 Risk tolerance;
 Risk governance structure;
 Risk competencies;
 Risk assessment;
 Risk responses and internal control effectiveness;
 Risk monitoring; and
 Risk reporting.
Furthermore, the Risk Committee is responsible for 
reviewing, and advising the Board with respect to, 
the Risk exposures as they relate to capital, earnings, 
liquidity, operations, product development and pricing, 
and compliance with risk policies. The Audit Committee 
primarily relies on the Risk Committee for the topics 
mentioned above.
The Risk Committee works closely with the Audit Committee. 
One combined meeting was held in 2025. This meeting 
focused on the 2026 Group Risk plan, and the 2025 
Model Validation outcome and the 2026 Model Risk & 
Validation plan.
Other 2025 topics
In 2025, the Risk Committee addressed, among others, 
the following topics:
 
The quarterly risk dashboard, reflecting the risk profile 
of Aegon based on financial risk, underwriting risk, and 
operational risk;
 Business updates with focus on local risk profile relative 
to risk appetite and limits and the risks related to strategic 
and operational improvement projects;
 Assumption and model changes, and the actuarial 
function report;
 
Changes to regulatory requirements;
 Product development and pricing;
 Liquidity risk management;
 The Supervisory Risk Assessment;
 The Group Risk Plan and Group Risk Appetite;
 Information security strategy, metrics and reporting, 
and the IT Risk profile;
 Operational Resilience;
 Macroeconomic risks, exposures, and mitigating actions;
 Climate Risk Assessments;
 Business environment emerging risk scan; and
 Risk strategy and limits.
The Nomination and Governance Committee
Role and responsibilities
The Nomination and Governance Committee focuses 
on the size, composition, and profile of the Board 
and addresses the functioning, succession, and 
proposed nomination of Directors, and ensures that 
the corporate governance structure is in line with 
the applicable rules and regulations and advises on 
the responsible business strategy. This includes:
 
Drawing up selection criteria and (re-)appointment 
procedures for nominations of Directors;
 Preparing selection criteria and appointment procedures 
and proposal for the nomination of the Chief Executive 
Officer;
 
Updating the Board Profile and periodically assessing 
the size and composition of the Board, and making 
a proposal for a composition profile of the Board;
 Assessing the functioning of individual Directors and 
drawing up a plan for the succession of Directors;
 Advising on and proposing to the Board candidates 
to be designated as Chairperson and Vice-Chairperson 
of the Board;
 Supervising the policy of the Board on the selection 
criteria and appointment procedures for senior 
management and discussing the succession plans 
for certain key roles;
 Advising on a proposal for appointment of the Group CFO;
 Annually validating the succession plans for the CEO, CFO, 
CRO, CEO of Transamerica, and certain other functions;
 Periodically discussing any relevant developments within 
the senior management and advising on any potential 
appointments of senior management;
 
Overseeing the corporate governance structure of the 
company and compliance with any applicable corporate 
governance legislation and regulations;
 Periodically assessing and advising on the responsible 
business strategy, including sustainability/ESG strategy, 
as part of the corporate strategy;
 Discussing updates to Aegon's environmental targets 
and sustainability approach; and
 Overseeing the process of the annual self-evaluation 
of the Board and each of its committees.
Other 2025 topics
In 2025, the Nomination and Governance Committee 
addressed the following additional topics:
 Discussed the Board composition, required profiles and 
potential new candidates for the Board of Directors;
 
Set up - and implemented the Chair rotation process;
 Interviewed multiple Board member candidates and senior 
management candidates;
 
Discussed the succession planning of certain key senior 
management roles;
 Discussed senior management developments;
 Received and discussed multiple updates on sustainability 
and reviewed the related 2025 Double Materiality 
Assessment, the sustainability roadmap and targets; and
 
Received updates on corporate governance matters and 
reviewed the implications on governance in relation to 
the transition to the US.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
66 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 67]
The Compensation and Human Resource 
Committee
Role and responsibilities
The Compensation and Human Resource Committee 
(CHRC), is designated to safeguard the existence of sound 
remuneration policies and practices within the company by 
overseeing the development and execution of these policies 
and practices in accordance with the applicable rules and 
regulations. CHRC assesses, in particular, the remuneration 
governance processes, procedures and methodologies 
adopted to ensure that the remuneration policies and 
practices adequately address all types of risks as well as 
liquidity and capital levels. The Committee also ensures that 
the overall remuneration policy is consistent with the longer- 
term strategy of the company and the longer-term interest 
of its shareholders, investors, and other stakeholders, as 
well as the public at large.
This includes, among other:
 
Reviewing Aegon's Global Remuneration Framework, 
making recommendations on the remuneration policies, 
and advising the Board on the approval and adoption of 
the Global Remuneration Framework;
 Overseeing the remuneration of Executive Directors;
 Reviewing annually a proposal for the remuneration 
of the Heads of Control Functions;
 Preparing recommendations regarding variable 
compensation both at the beginning and at the end 
of the performance year;
 
Preparing the information provided to shareholders 
on remuneration policies and practices, including 
the Remuneration Report; and
 Discussing the outcome of the employee engagement 
surveys and of the succession planning for key senior 
management/talents (e.g., process followed, statics 
on the health of the pipeline).
In June 2024, the AGM adopted the new Directors’ 
Remuneration Policy. In 2025, the CHRC discussed 
the alignment of the Executive Committee compensation 
package to the new remuneration policy. Further discussed 
in 2025 was the intended transition to the US and the impact 
on remuneration, retention plans and severance.
The CHRC also oversaw the application of Aegon's Group 
Global Remuneration Framework and the various policies 
and procedures related to it. This included:
 
Determining the outcome of the 2024 Group Performance 
Indicators and of the 2024 Individual Performance 
Indicators and allocating variable compensation related to 
2024 where required;
 Setting the 2025 Individual Performance Indicators 
for the CEO;
 Setting the 2025 Group Performance Indicators and 
targets for remuneration purposes;
 
Preparing for the 2026 performance indicators;
 Reviewing the ex-ante risk assessments and ex-post risk 
assessments, any exemption requests (for example, sign- 
on arrangements) under the remuneration policies; 
 Reviewing the 2025 Remuneration Report.
In line with its charter, the CHRC discussed at length 
(i) the Global Employee Survey results in 2025 and 
(ii) the succession plans overview for the key 90 senior 
management members (process and health of pipeline).
Process and meetings
The Board and the Committee meetings are scheduled 
regularly, and the agendas are mainly based on a rolling 
calendar. The meeting schedule is set two years in advance, 
allowing for sufficient flexibility to address regular and non- 
routine matters. Board papers are submitted well before the 
meetings and are distributed and filed by the board office 
under the management of the Company Secretary. On the 
request of the Board, Board (committee) meetings are 
attended by senior management or others. Minutes of the 
meetings are made and kept by the Company Secretary.
Independent Auditor
During the 2023 AGM, Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
was appointed Aegon's independent auditor for the Annual 
Accounts 2024 through 2028. Subject to Bermuda law, 
the auditor is appointed annually by the AGM. EY 
Accountants B.V. succeeded Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
as independent auditor of Aegon Ltd. as from June 29, 2024, 
following a change in the latter’s legal structure. During the 
2025 AGM, EY was appointed Aegon’s independent auditor 
for the Annual Accounts 2026
Annual Accounts
This Annual Report includes the Annual Accounts for 2025, 
which were prepared by management and discussed by both 
the Audit Committee and the Board. The Annual Accounts 
are adopted by the Board.
Acknowledgment
The Board of Directors acknowledges that the organization 
is in transition and entering a new chapter focusing on the 
next phase of value creation. As part of the transition, the 
Board contemplates decisions while taking into account 
the views of multiple stakeholders. In the decision-making 
process, the Board strives to serve the long-term value 
creation of the company. Although organizational changes 
will continue, it is also acknowledged that Aegon’s 
employees worldwide continue to focus on the business 
and our customers. The Board highly appreciates the efforts 
made by management and the employees and underpins 
their professionalism and customer focus. 
 
Schiphol, the Netherlands, March 25, 2026 
 
David Herzog, Chairman of the Board of Directors 
of Aegon Ltd.
Report of the Board of Directors
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 67

[page 68]
Remuneration Report
The 2025 Remuneration Report from our Compensation 
and Human Resource Committee on behalf of the Board
Introduction
This report has been prepared by the Compensation and 
Human Resource Committee of the Board of Directors, 
which was led by the Committee’s Chairman, Mr. Mark A. 
Ellman, and was approved by the Board of Directors (Board).
In the first chapter, the Compensation and Human Resource 
Committee presents an overview of the business and 
remuneration highlights in 2025 and a look ahead to 2026. 
This is followed by chapter two, which contains a general 
introduction to remuneration at Aegon. The third chapter 
is the 2025 Non-Executive Director Remuneration Report, 
which contains a summary of the Non-Executive Director 
Remuneration Policy and their remuneration in recent years. 
In the fourth chapter, the 2025 Executive Director 
Remuneration Report provides a summary of the Executive 
Director Remuneration Policy, the Executive Director 
remuneration over the recent years, and the 2025 Executive 
Director performance indicators.
1. Business and remuneration highlights
This chapter presents an overview of the business and 
remuneration highlights in 2025 and a look ahead to 2026.
2025 Business performance against 
our performance metrics
In 2025, Aegon either met or outperformed all the financial 
targets set for the year and commercial momentum also 
remained strong.
Operating capital generation amounted to EUR 1,287 million, 
ahead of the EUR 1.2 billion target for 2025. Compared to 
2024, operating capital generation increased by 3%, driven 
by business growth, partly offset by unfavorable currency 
movements. Both periods were impacted by overall 
favorable items. In 2025, the return on regulatory capital 
amounted to 22.6%. The return on regulatory capital 
measures the profitability of Aegon’s yearly average 
regulatory capital, with the return (EUR 1,586 million in 2025) 
represented by the sum of the earnings on in-force from the 
reporting segments, the a.s.r. capital distributions received, 
and the (negative contribution from) the Holding funding 
and operating expenses. The average regulatory capital 
(EUR 7,032 million in 2025) is based on the group solvency 
requirement.
In 2025, Aegon’s Board of Directors consisted of the 
following Non-Executive members: Mr. David Herzog 
(Chairman), Ms. Corien M. Wortmann (Vice Chairman), Mr. 
Mark A. Ellman, Mr. Thomas Wellauer, Ms. Caroline Ramsay, 
Mr. Jack McGarry, Ms. Karen Fawcett, Mr. Albert Benchimol, 
Ms. Lori Fouché, and Mr. Jay Ralph. Mr. William Connelly 
(former Chairman) departed the Board in November 2025 
and Ms. Dona Young departed in June 2025. Ms. Lori Fouché, 
Mr. Jay Ralph, and Mr. David Herzog all joined in June 2025. 
Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Lard Friese, is an Executive 
Member of the Board.
2025 Remuneration highlights
For serving as an Executive Director and Chief Executive 
Officer in 2025, Mr. Friese received a base salary of 
EUR 1,365,000, which has not changed since 2024. 
For that same period, Mr. Friese was allocated EUR 3.5 
million in total compensation, which consisted of a base 
salary, pension contributions, the 2025 Short-Term 
Incentive, and other benefits (2024: EUR 3.4 million).
The 2025-2027 Long-Term Incentive will be allocated 
in 2028 after the performance period for this incentive 
is completed.
The 2025 CEO-to-Median pay ratio was 40:1 (2024: 36:1). 
This ratio was based on the base salary on May 1, 2025, and 
the variable compensation awards that were approved and 
allocated in 2025 (in cash and shares where applicable) 
for Mr. Friese and Aegon's employees. The cumulative 
amount for Mr. Friese was EUR 3.1 million (2024: EUR 2.9 
million), while for the median full-time employee, this was 
EUR 76.7 thousand (2024: EUR 81 thousand).
Business performance highlights 2025 2024
Return on Regulatory Capital 22.56% 19.80%
Operating capital generation from the units 1,287 1,245
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
68 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 69]
Looking ahead to 2026
For 2026, there will be no changes to the retainer levels 
for the Non-Executive Directors. As of January 2026, 
Mr. Friese’s compensation has been brought to the market 
median, consistent with the Directors’ Remuneration 
Policy, by increasing his base salary to EUR 1,474,000 
(2025:EUR 1,365,000) and increasing the Long-Term 
Incentive target to 250% of base salary (2025: 175%).
At the 2026 Annual General Meeting, the Board will ask 
Aegon’s shareholders to cast an advisory vote on the 2025 
Remuneration Report.
2. Remuneration at Aegon in general
This chapter contains a general introduction to 
Aegon’s Global Remuneration Framework (GRF), Human 
Resources Strategy, Remuneration Principles, the concepts 
of total compensation and variable compensation, Risk 
Management in relation to remuneration, and remuneration 
of Material Risk Takers.
Global Remuneration Framework
Aegon's GRF was designed in accordance with relevant 
rules and regulations. These included the remuneration 
rules of the Bermuda Monetary Authority. All remuneration 
policies within Aegon are derived from the GRF, such as the 
Directors’ Remuneration Policy and the local Remuneration 
Policies of our business units. There were no material 
changes to the GRF in 2025.
Human Resources Strategy
In order to support the Aegon Strategy and local business 
objectives, the Aegon Group Human Resources Strategy 
contains the following remuneration-related goals:
 
Attract, retain, motivate, and reward a highly qualified 
and diverse workforce.
 Align the interests of executives, managers, and all other 
employees with Aegon's business strategy, risk tolerance, 
values, and long-term interests.
 Provide a well-balanced and performance-related 
compensation package to all employees, taking into 
account shareholder and other stakeholder interests, 
relevant regulations, and corporate responsibilities, 
and Aegon’s purpose, values, and behaviors.
Remuneration Principles
Based on the Human Resources Strategy, Aegon has 
formulated the following Remuneration Principles, 
which are the foundation for all remuneration policies 
and practices within the Group:
 First, Aegon’s remuneration is employee-oriented by 
fostering a sense of value and appreciation in each 
individual employee, promoting the short- and long-term 
interests and wellbeing of Aegon’s employees through 
fair compensation and support for employees' career 
development and mobility.
 
Second, it is performance-related, establishing a clear 
link between pay and performance by aligning objectives 
and target-setting with performance evaluation and 
remuneration, reflecting individual and collective 
performance in line with Aegon's long-term interests.
 Third, it is fairness-driven by promoting fairness and 
consistency in Aegon’s remuneration policies and 
practices, avoiding discrimination, having gender-neutral 
policies and practices, and providing total compensation 
packages in line with an appropriately established peer 
group at a country and/or functional level.
 
And last, Aegon’s remuneration is risk-prudent (see also 
Risk Management in relation to Remuneration below).
Risk management in relation to remuneration
Remuneration, and specifically variable compensation, may 
have an impact on the risk-taking behaviors of employees 
and, as such, may undermine effective risk management. 
The GRF, therefore, includes additional remuneration rules 
for the Executive Director, Material Risk Takers, and Staff 
in Control Functions, as their roles and responsibilities 
require tailored risk-mitigating measures and governance 
processes. These rules include mandatory risk assessments 
related to setting individual goals, as well as malus and 
clawback risk assessments.
Both the Risk Management and Compliance functions 
are involved in the design and execution of Aegon’s GRF 
and remuneration policies, such as reviewing proposed 
updates to the GRF and remuneration policies, reviewing 
the selection of Material Risk Takers, and executing various 
risk-mitigating measures during the compensation cycle.
Remuneration Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 69

[page 70]
3. 2025 Non-Executive Director Remuneration 
Report
This report contains a summary of the Non-Executive 
Director Remuneration Policy that applied in 2025 and 
the Non-Executive Directors' remuneration over the recent 
years, including remuneration paid under the former Non- 
Executive Director Remuneration Policy. Disclosures of 
individuals in the Non-Executive Director tables and text 
below will include those previously reported as Supervisory 
Board members before 2023.
Remuneration Policy for Non-Executive Directors 
in 2025
The purpose of Non-Executive Director remuneration is to 
provide guaranteed, non-performance based, compensation 
for the different roles and responsibilities within the Board 
and its committees. The policy remains in place until the 
shareholders have adopted a new or revised policy in 
accordance with the applicable rules and regulatory 
requirements of the Insurance Code of Conduct of 
the Bermuda Monetary Authority.
The Board of Directors will submit a proposal to the 
shareholders to adopt a remuneration policy at an Annual 
General Meeting at least every four years. The Remuneration 
Policy was last approved in June 2024.
The remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors consists 
of annual Board and Committee membership retainers. 
For these retainers, the aim is to be competitive with the 
market median for the labor market peer group. The Board 
annually reviews the labor market peer group to ensure 
it remains relevant and up to date, for example in case of 
de-listings, mergers, or other extraordinary circumstances. 
Any change to the peer group will be disclosed in the 
Remuneration Report.
In 2025, the labor market group applied to the Directors’ 
Remuneration consisted of the following companies, 
and remained unchanged from 2024:
The Non-Executive Directors were entitled to the following 
retainers in 2025:
The annual Board retainers in cash were paid quarterly, while 
the retainers in shares will vest annually after the calendar 
year ends (including accrued dividends). Where required, 
Aegon pays the employer social security contributions in the 
home country of the Non-Executive Director. The employee 
social security contributions in the home country, if any, are 
paid by the Non-Executive Director.
The policy contains a temporary derogation clause, 
under which derogation is only allowed in exceptional 
circumstances to serve the long-term interest and 
sustainability of Aegon or to assure its viability for a limited 
period when it stays in line with the general spirit of the 
policy and when the details are disclosed in the next 
Remuneration Report. This clause was not used in 2025.
Information on Non-Executive Directors and the composition 
of the four committees can be found in the Report of the 
Board of Directors in this Annual Report 2025.
x
European insurance companies Dutch general industry companies US insurance companies
Assicurazioni Generali Prudential Ahold Delhaize Lincoln National
Aviva Swiss Life Holding Randstad Principal Financial Group
AXA Gruppo Unipol Philips Prudential Financial
Legal & General Group Zurich Insurance Group Wolters Kluwer Voya Financial
Annual Board membership fees Chair EUR 375,000 in cash and EUR 125,000 in non-performance-based 
restricted Aegon shares1
Vice Chair EUR 95,000 in cash and EUR 30,000 in non-performance-based 
restricted Aegon shares
Member EUR 85,000 in cash and EUR 30,000 in non-performance-based 
restricted Aegon shares
Annual Committee membership 
retainers
Audit Committee and Risk Committee:
Committee Chair EUR 35,000 in cash
Member EUR 20,000 in cash
Compensation and Human Resources 
Committee:
Committee Chair EUR 30,000 in cash
Member EUR 20,000 in cash
Nomination and Governance Committee:
Committee Chair EUR 20,000 in cash
Member EUR 15,000 in cash
1 The Board Chair is not eligible for annual committee membership retainers.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
70 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 71]
Non-Executive Director remuneration in recent years
The table below shows the retainers, attendance fees, 
and benefits that have been allocated to and paid for each 
Non-Executive Director and former Supervisory Board 
member in the calendar years 2023, 2024, and 2025, in 
accordance with the Non-Executive Director Remuneration 
Policy that applied at the time.
The table also includes the total IFRS expenses that 
were recognized for the compensation of the Non-Executive 
Directors in 2023, 2024, and 2025. There have been no 
deviations from this policy in recent years.
In EUR thousands Year
Retainer 
cash 1
Retainer 
shares
Attendance 
fees Benefits 2
Total 
compensation
David Herzog (from June 12, 2025, chair from 
November 13, 2025) 2025 81 28 0 0 109
William L. Connelly (until November 13, 2025) 2025 325 108 0 0 433
2024 375 125 0 0 500
2023 100 0 98 38 235
Mark A. Ellman 2025 130 30 0 0 160
2024 123 30 0 0 153
2023 56 0 63 17 135
Ben J. Noteboom (until May 25, 2023) 2023 25 0 19 4 48
Corien M. Wortmann 2025 130 30 0 0 160
2024 130 30 0 0 160
2023 66 0 66 13 145
Lori Fouché (from June 12, 2025) 2025 60 15 0 0 75
Dona D. Young (until June 12, 2025) 3 2025 75 15 0 0 90
2024 150 30 60 0 240
2023 64 0 76 25 164
Jay Ralph (from June 12, 2025) 2025 60 15 0 0 75
Caroline Ramsay 2025 140 30 0 22 192
2024 140 30 0 19 189
2023 64 0 54 40 157
Thomas Wellauer 2025 125 30 0 17 172
2024 125 30 0 7 162
2023 56 0 63 24 142
Jack McGarry 2025 140 30 0 0 170
2024 140 30 0 0 170
2023 58 0 66 25 150
Karen Fawcett 2025 125 30 0 0 155
2024 125 30 0 0 155
2023 56 0 63 29 148
Albert Benchimol (from June 12, 2024) 2025 123 30 0 0 153
2024 60 15 0 0 75
Total compensation 2025 1,514 391 0 39 1,943
2024 1,368 350 60 26 1,804
2023 544 0 567 215 1,326
Recognized IFRS expenses 2025 1,514 397 0 39 1,949
2024 1,368 389 60 26 1,843
2023 544 0 567 215 1,326
1 Contains base fees (2023) and the cash retainers (2024 and 2025). Ms. Fouché joined the Board and its Risk and Nomination and Governance Committee as 
per the AGM of June 12, 2025, and received a pro rated fee. Mr. Ralph joined the Board and its Audit and Risk and Nomination and Governance Committee as 
per the AGM of June 12, 2025, and received a pro rated fee. Ms. Young left the Board as per the AGM of June 12, 2025. Mr Herzog succeeded William Connelly 
as Chairman of the Board as of November 13, 2025.
2 Benefits cover the travel fees for all Board members (2023) and the mandatory employer social security contributions in the home countries of Ms. Ramsay 
(UK) and Mr. Wellauer (Switzerland).
3 In 2024, Ms. Young received additional attendance fees for additional meetings in 2023 in relation to the development of the new Directors' Remuneration 
Policy.
Remuneration Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 71

[page 72]
The table below presents the total compensation (retainers, 
attendance fees, and benefits) that was awarded and due 
in the last five calendar years on an annualized basis and 
the year-on-year annual change in total compensation. 
This compensation was paid in accordance with the Non- 
Executive Director Remuneration Policy that applied at 
the time, and there were no deviations. In addition, the table 
shows the Aegon net result, a proxy for financial and 
non-financial business performance, and the median 
employee compensation for the same period.
Beginning in 2025, the Non-Executive Directors have a 
minimum shareholding requirement of 100% of the cash 
portion of the annual Board retainer, to be built up within 
four years by retaining vested shares on an after-tax basis
(no requirement to buy shares). The 2025 Board retainer 
in shares will vest in 2026. At the end of 2025, the Non- 
Executive Directors held the following shares:
In EUR thousands Annualized 1 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
David Herzog (from June 12, 2025, chair from 
November 13, 2025)
Compensation
500
William L. Connelly (until November 13, 2025) Compensation 162 217 235 500 500
Change - 34% 8% 113% 0%
Mark A. Ellman Compensation 102 132 135 153 160
Change - 30% 2% 13% 5%
Ben J. Noteboom (until May 25, 2023) Compensation 107 138 121
Change - 29% (12%)
Corien M. Wortmann Compensation 112 151 145 160 160
Change - 35% (4%) 10% 0%
Lori Fouché (from June 12, 2025) Compensation 150
Dona D. Young (until June 12, 2025) Compensation 119 152 164 240 180
Change - 28% 8% 46% (38%)
Jay Ralph (from June 12, 2025) 150
Caroline Ramsay Compensation 121 183 157 189 192
Change - 51% (14%) 20% 1%
Thomas Wellauer Compensation 111 136 142 162 172
Change - 22% 5% 14% 6%
Jack McGarry (from June 3, 2021) Compensation 105 154 150 170 170
Change - 46% (3%) 14% 0%
Karen Fawcett (from May 31, 2022) Compensation 131 148 155 155
Change 13% 5% 0%
Albert Benchimol (from June 12, 2024) Compensation
150 153
Change 2%
Aegon net result based on EUR-IFRS 2 In EUR million 1,701 (2,504) (199) 676 980
Aegon business performance 3 Target = 100% 123% 113% 130% 126% 137%
Inflation in the Netherlands Consumer Price 
Index 2.7% 10.0% 3.8% 3.3% 3.3%
Average employee compensation 4 In EUR thousand 105 134 137 142 146
Annual change 28% 2% 4% 3%
1 Remuneration amounts are annualized for Board members who joined or left during a calendar year.
2 Until 2022, Aegon's net income was reported under IFRS 4; since 2023, it has been under IFRS 17.
3 As of 2024, this reflects the weighted average Aegon financial and non-financial business performance as measured for the Short-Term Incentive, expressed 
as a percentage on a performance scale with 50% as threshold, 100% as target and 200% as maximum (prior to 2024: 150% as maximum, as used for the 
allocation of variable compensation in the applicable year).
4 The average employee compensation is based on the audited total EU-IFRS remuneration expenses for all employees divided by the number of employees in 
scope for these expenses.
Non-Executive Director Shares held Percentage of holding requirement
David Herzog 0 0%
Corien M. Wortmann 5,819 41%
Albert Benchimol 5,819 45%
Mark A. Ellman 5,819 45%
Karen Fawcett 3,802 30%
Lori Fouché 0 0%
Jack McGarry 5,819 45%
Jay Ralph 0 0%
Caroline Ramsay 3,375 26%
Thomas Wellauer 3,993 31%
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
72 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 73]
4. 2025 Executive Director Remuneration Report
This report contains a summary of the Executive Director 
Remuneration Policy that applied in 2025, the Executive 
Directors' remuneration over the recent years, including 
remuneration paid under the former Executive Director 
Remuneration Policy, and the 2025 Executive Director 
performance metrics. Disclosures for individuals in the 
Executive Director tables and the text below will include 
those previously reported as Executive Board members 
in prior years.
Mr. Friese, Chief Executive Officer, served as the sole 
Executive Director in 2025.
Executive Director Remuneration Policy in 2025
The purpose of Executive Director remuneration is to attract 
and retain an Executive Director who can deliver on Aegon’s 
ambitions for value creation and our strategy for growth, 
and establish a strong correlation between the Executive 
Director’s remuneration and Aegon’s financial performance, 
as well as the long-term interests of both Aegon and its 
shareholders. The policy remains in place until the 
shareholders adopt a new or revised policy that complies 
with applicable rules and regulatory requirements.
The Board of Directors will submit a proposal to 
the shareholders to adopt a remuneration policy at 
an Annual General Meeting at least every four years.
The policy contains a temporary derogation clause, 
under which derogation is only allowed in exceptional 
circumstances to serve the long-term interest and 
sustainability of Aegon or to assure its viability for a limited 
period when it stays in line with the general spirit of the 
policy and when the details are disclosed in the next 
Remuneration Report. This clause was not used in 2025.
Total compensation
Total compensation for the Executive Director consists of 
a base salary, pension contributions, a Short-Term Incentive, 
a Long-Term Incentive, and other benefits. For these 
components, the aim is to be competitive with respect 
to the market median of the labor market peer group. 
The Board annually reviews the labor market peer group 
to ensure it remains relevant and up to date, for example 
in the event of de-listings, mergers, or other extraordinary 
circumstances. Any change to the peer group will be 
disclosed in the Remuneration Report.
In 2025, the labor market group applying to the Directors’ 
Remuneration Policy remains unchanged from 2024 and 
is the same as for the Non-Executive Directors.
In 2025, base salary, pension contributions, and variable 
compensation opportunities remained consistent with 2024 
compensation levels.
Base salary
The purpose of base salary is to provide guaranteed 
remuneration proportional to the Executive Director’s 
experience, skills, and/or performance. The base salary 
is paid each month in cash. For 2025, the annual gross 
base salary for Mr. Friese was EUR 1,365,000 (2024: 
EUR 1,365,000).
Pension
A pension is guaranteed remuneration that aims to provide 
financial security after retirement. The Executive Director is 
enrolled in the applicable local employee pension plan(s) 
and/or receives cash in lieu of pension. The annual total 
pension contributions equal 15% of base salary (2024: 15%). 
For Mr. Friese, these were paid in 2025 through participation 
in Aegon’s defined contribution pension plan for employees 
based in the Netherlands (for their eligible earnings up to 
EUR 137,800) and as an additional gross allowance for 
the remaining part up to 15% of base salary.
Short-Term Incentive
The Short-Term Incentive provides a distinct variable, 
performance-based remuneration component in cash 
that aligns the remuneration of the Executive Director 
with short-term financial and Environmental, Social and 
Governance (ESG) objectives of Aegon. Performance is 
assessed over a one-year period, based on metrics, weights, 
and targets on a 50-100-200% performance scale, as 
decided by the Board without the Executive Director's 
participation. After completion of the performance period, 
the Short-Term Incentive is paid in cash. For 2025, the target 
Short-Term Incentive for Mr. Friese was 100% of base 
salary, with a threshold at 50% and a maximum at 200% 
of base salary.
Remuneration Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 73

[page 74]
Long-Term Incentive
The Long-Term Incentive component of Aegon performance 
shares aligns the Executive Director's remuneration with 
Aegon's long-term financial and strategic business 
objectives and those of its shareholders. Performance is 
assessed over a three-year period, based on metrics, 
weights, and targets on a 50-100-200% performance 
scale, as decided by the Board. After completion of the 
performance period, the Long-Term Incentive is paid in 
shares. Dividend entitlements for these shares will be 
accrued until the end of the performance period and will 
vest as additional shares. After vesting, the Long-Term 
Incentive and dividend shares are subject to a two-year 
holding period. For 2025, the target Long-Term Incentive 
for Mr. Friese was 175% of base salary, with a threshold 
at 87.5% and a maximum at 350% of base salary.
Other benefits
Other benefits include non-monetary benefits (for example, 
a company car), social security contributions by the 
employer, and tax expenses borne by Aegon. Aegon does 
not grant the Executive Director personal loans, guarantees, 
or other such arrangements unless in the normal course of 
business and on terms applicable to all employees, and only 
with the approval of the Board.
Clawback provision
In November 2023, the Board adopted a compensation 
recovery policy as required by Rule 10D-1 under the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
the related New York Stock Exchange listing standards. 
The policy requires the recovery of erroneously awarded 
incentive-based compensation from current and former 
executive officers. Recovery applies to compensation 
awarded in the three fiscal years preceding the date the 
company is required to prepare an accounting restatement. 
This includes restatements to correct errors that would 
result in a material misstatement if corrected in, or left 
uncorrected from, the current period.
The amount to be recovered is the excess of incentive- 
based compensation received over the amount that would 
otherwise have been received under the restated financial 
measure.
Aegon’s Board can also claw back variable compensation 
already paid to the Executive Director in case of a financial 
restatement or individual gross misconduct. Examples of 
misconduct include, but are not limited to, a significant 
breach of laws and/or regulations, use of violence, either 
verbally or physically, involvement with fraud, corruption, 
or bribery, significant issues due to evident dereliction of 
duty, and/or discrimination of any kind (for example, age 
or gender).
Terms of Engagement
The Executive Director is appointed for four years and 
may then be reappointed for successive mandates, also 
for a period of four years. The Executive Director has a board 
agreement with Aegon Ltd., rather than an employment 
contract. The Executive Director may terminate his board 
agreement with a notice period of three months. 
The Board may terminate the board agreement by giving 
six months' notice.
The Board may entitle the Executive Director to a 
termination payment up to or equal to the total annual 
fixed compensation level. This payment is not allowed in 
case of early termination at the initiative of the Executive 
Director (unless due to imputable acts or omissions of 
Aegon), imputable acts, or omissions by the Executive 
Director or failure of Aegon as a company during the 
appointment term of the Executive Director. Mr. Friese 
has a termination clause included in his board agreement.
Executive Director remuneration in recent years
This section provides more details related to the 
remuneration that has been allocated and paid to 
the Executive Director and former Executive Board 
members. It covers the allocated remuneration 
(2023-2025), the calculation of the 2025 variable 
compensation, the pay-out schedule of variable 
compensation (2023-2029), the recognized IFRS expenses 
for remuneration (2023-2025), the remuneration that was 
awarded and due in 2024 and 2025, and the annualized 
total compensation overview (2021-2025).
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
74 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 75]
Allocated remuneration (2023-2025)
The first table shows the remuneration allocated to the 
Executive Director and former Executive Board members for 
the performance years 2023, 2024, and 2025 in accordance
with the Executive Director Remuneration Policy that applied 
at the time of the award. There were no deviations from the 
policy in these years.
2025 Short-Term Incentive
For 2025, the target Short-Term Incentive for Mr. Friese 
was 100% of base salary, with a threshold at 50% and a 
maximum at 200% of base salary. Based on the outcomes 
of the Short-Term Incentive metrics, Mr. Friese’s 2025 Short- 
Term Incentive was EUR 1,869 thousand, which equaled 
137% of target and 137% of base salary.
All metrics were scored on a 50-100-200 performance 
scale, as determined by the Board, without the Executive 
Director's participation.
Allocated compensation 
(in EUR thousands) Base salary
Variable 
compensation STI Pension Other benefits
Total 
compensation
Lard Friese
2025 1,365 - 1,869 205 103 3,542
2024 1 1,365 - 1,720 205 95 3,385
2023 1,637 1,529 - 656 87 3,909
Matt Rider
2023 2 1,037 969 - 427 107 2,540
All Executive Board
2023 3 2,006 1,874 - 812 144 4,836
1 Following the new Executive Director Remuneration Policy applicable to Mr. Friese's from January 1, 2024, the variable compensation for Mr. Friese consists of 
STI and LTI from January 2024. The first LTI allocation is in 2026 with vesting in 2027.
2 For transparency in the transition year, Mr. Rider's total compensation reflects the full year in 2023, while he was a member of the Executive Board until 
September 30, 2023.
3 The disclosed amounts for 2023 were received in the period that Mr. Friese and Mr. Rider were members of the Executive Board, until September 30, 2023.
2025 STI Threshold Target Maximum Result Pay-out
Lard Friese
In % of base salary 50% 100% 200% 137%
In total (EUR thousands) 683 1,365 2,730 1,869
Weight Target Result Score
Operating Capital Generation 45% 1,187 1,287 142%
Commercial metric 40% 100% 132% 132%
ESG metric 15% 100% See below 133%
Employee Engagement 10% 76% 76% 100%
Weighted Average Carbon Intensity 5% (51%) (54%) 200%
Total performance result 137%
2025 STI metrics Definition
Operating Capital Generation The Operating Capital Generation represents the capital generated by the Business Units from their 
In-Force and New Business over a 1-year performance period.
Commercial metric This blended metric measures the weighted average commercial performance in the key focus areas 
of our Business Units. The rounded weights for the Business Units are proportional to the size of their 
business within the Group, with 70% for Transamerica and 10% each for Aegon UK, Aegon 
International, and Aegon Asset Management.
ESG metric The blended ESG metric includes the weighted average results of the carbon intensity and employee 
engagement sub-metrics. The employee engagement target has been revised during the year to 
reflect several organizational developments.
Remuneration Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 75

[page 76]
Pay-out schedule variable compensation (2023-2028)
The following tables show for the current Executive Director 
and former Executive Board members how much variable 
compensation has been paid in shares and cash, 
respectively, in 2023, 2024, and 2025, and how much 
conditional variable compensation is scheduled to be paid 
out in the coming years. The vesting price of the shares 
were: EUR 4.274 on May 25, 2023, EUR 6.314 on May 17, 
2024, and EUR 6.282 on March 26, 2025. Shares for the plan 
years from 2020 onwards are subject to an additional two- 
year holding period after payout.
Shares by plan year VWAP 1 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027
Lard Friese
2020 EUR 4.083 - 103,580 - - -
2021 EUR 3.293 - - 275,182 - -
2022 EUR 4.491 - - - 203,072 -
2023 EUR 4.833 - - - - 210,943
Total number of shares - 103,580 275,182 203,072 210,943
Matt Rider
2019 EUR 4.162 17,847 - - -
2020 EUR 4.083 - 104,547 - -
2021 EUR 3.293 - - 178,961 -
2022 EUR 4.491 - - - 124,273
2023 EUR 4.833 - - - - 133,661
Total number of shares 17,847 104,547 178,961 124,273 133,661
Alex Wynaendts
2019 EUR 4.162 25,174 - - - -
2020 EUR 4.083 - 49,346 - - -
Total number of shares 25,174 49,346 - -
1 This is the volume weighted average price (VWAP) of Aegon on the Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange for the period December 15 to January 15. For 
instance, for the 2023 plan year, this is the VWAP for the period December 15, 2022 to January 15, 2023.
Cash by plan year (in EUR) 2023 2024 2025 2026
Lard Friese
2022 455,880 - - -
2023 - 509,669 - -
STI 2024 - - 1,719,900 -
STI 2025 - - - 1,868,822
Total cash 455,880
509,669 1,719,900 1,868,822
Matt Rider
2019 74,278 - - -
2020 - - - -
2021 - - - -
2022 278,984 - - -
2023 322,946 - -
Total cash 353,262 322,946
Alex Wynaendts
2019 104,772 - - -
Total cash 104,772
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
76 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 77]
Recognized IFRS expenses of remuneration 
(2023-2025)
The following table contains the recognized IFRS expenses 
of the remuneration of the Executive Director and former 
Executive Board members in the calendar years 2023, 2024, 
and 2025.
These numbers differ from the previously mentioned 
allocated remuneration amounts because the deferred 
components of variable compensation and Mr. Friese’s sign- 
on arrangement are expensed over multiple calendar years, 
and the shares are measured at fair value rather than at the 
grant price.
Awarded and due remuneration (2024-2025)
In line with the European guidelines on the standardized 
presentation of the remuneration report, the remuneration 
that was awarded and due to the Executive Director 
in the calendar years 2024 and 2025 can be found in 
the table below.
These amounts were awarded and due in accordance 
with the relevant policy that applied at the time, and there 
were no deviations.
IFRS expenses for compensation 
(in EUR thousands) Base salary
Variable 
compensation STI LTI Pension
Other 
Benefits Total
Lard Friese
2025 1,365 1,869 1,832 205 103 5,374
2024 1 1,365 525 1,720 1,067 205 95 4,978
2023 2 1,641 1,106 656 87 3,489
Matt Rider
2023 3 1,037 607 427 107 2,179
All Executive Board
2023 4 2,009 1,285 812 145 4,251
1 In accordance with the Executive Director Remuneration Policy, the variable compensation for Mr. Friese consists of STI and LTI from January 1, 2024.
2 2023 includes the fixed compensation expenses for the sign-on arrangement of EUR 3,468 that Mr. Friese received when joining Aegon in March 2020. These 
expenses were EUR 27 thousand in 2022 and EUR 91 thousand in 2021.
3 For transparency in the transition year, this discloses Mr. Rider's full year of compensation expenses.
4 The disclosed amounts for 2023 are received in the period that Mr. Friese and Mr. Rider had been members of the Executive Board.
Fixed Variable
In EUR thousands Salary Benefits Upfront 1 Deferred 2 Pension Total
Ratio Fixed/ 
Variable 3
Lard Friese 2025 1,365 103 1,720 2,853 205 6,246 23% /77%
2024 1,365 95 510 867 205 3,042 55% /45%
1 The upfront cash and share payments of variable compensation that was allocated for the previous performance year. The shares are valued at their price at 
vesting. For example, the upfront cash and shares of the 2024 variable compensation award that were paid in 2025.
2 The deferred cash and share payments of the variable compensation that was allocated for performance years before the previous performance year. The 
shares are valued at their price at vesting. For example, the deferred cash and shares of the 2021 variable compensation awards that were paid in 2025.
3 Fixed (the numerator) is the sum of Salary, Benefits and Pension divided by the Total. Variable (the denominator) is the sum of Upfront, Deferred and One-off 
divided by the Total.
Remuneration Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 77

[page 78]
Annualized total compensation overview (2021-2025)
The table below shows the total compensation that was 
awarded and due in the last five calendar years on an 
annualized basis and the year-on-year annual change in total 
compensation. Please note that, therefore, several amounts 
are on an annual basis and do not reflect actual amounts for 
the period during which the individual served as Executive 
Director or Executive Board member.
These amounts were awarded and due in accordance with 
the Executive Director Remuneration Policy that applied at 
the time, and there were no deviations. Additionally, the table 
shows Aegon's net result, a proxy for financial and non- 
financial business performance, the vesting price of Aegon 
shares, and the average employee compensation for the 
same period.
Minimum shareholding requirement
Beginning in 2025, Mr. Friese has a minimum shareholding 
requirement of 400% of base salary, to be built up 
through 2028 by retaining vested shares on an after-tax 
basis (no requirement to buy shares). At the end of 2025, 
Mr. Friese held 299,323 shares (146% of base salary).
2026 Short-Term Incentive
For Mr. Friese’s 2026 Short-Term Incentive, the Board 
selected the following metrics: Operating Result (45% 
weight), the blended Commercial metric (40%), and the 
blended ESG metric (15%).
In EUR thousands Annualized 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
Lard Friese Awarded and due 2,748 2,910 2,951 3,042 6,246
Change 1% 6% 1% 3% 105%
Matt Rider Awarded and due 2,052 2,053 2,001 - -
Change 12% 0% (3%) - -
Aegon net result (EU-IFRS) In EUR million 1,701 (2,504) (199) 676 980
Aegon business performance 1 Target = 100% 123% 113% 130% 126% 137%
Vesting price Aegon shares In EUR 3.934 4.973 4.274 6.314 6.282
Inflation in the Netherlands Consumer Price Index 2.7% 10.0% 3.8% 3.3% 3.3%
Average employee compensation 2 In EUR thousand 105 134 137 142 146
Annual change 28% 2% 4% 3%
1 As of 2024, this reflects the weighted average Aegon financial and non-financial business performance as measured for the Short-Term Incentive, expressed 
as a percentage on a performance scale with 50% as threshold, 100% as target and 200% as maximum (prior to 2024: 150% as maximum, as used for the 
allocation of variable compensation in the applicable year).
2 The average employee compensation is based on the audited total EU-IFRS remuneration expenses for all employees divided by the number of employees in 
scope for these expenses.
2026 STI metrics Definition
Operating Result The Operating Result reflects Aegon's result from underlying business operations and excludes 
components that relate to accounting mismatches that are dependent on market volatility or relate to 
events that considered outside the normal course of business. Operating Result includes the 
consolidation on a proportionate basis of the revenues and expenses of Aegon's joint ventures and 
associates, except for the approximate 24% stake in in a.s.r.
Commercial metric This blended metric measures the weighted average commercial performance in the key focus areas of 
our Business Units. The rounded weights for the Business Units are proportional to the size of their 
business within the Group, with 70% for Transamerica and 10% each for Aegon UK, Aegon International, 
and Aegon Asset Management.
ESG metric The blended ESG metric includes the weighted average carbon intensity and employee engagement 
submetrics.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
78 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 79]
Open cycle Long-Term Incentives
As part of the 2025 and 2026 compensation packages, 
Mr. Friese is eligible for the 2024-2026, 2025-2027, 
and 2026-2028 Long-Term Incentives, respectively. 
Each of these incentives will be determined by the outcomes 
of key metrics following a three-year performance period. 
For the 2024-2026 and 2025-2027 LTI cycles, these 
measures included: Return on Regulatory Capital (50%) 
and Relative Total Shareholder Return (50%).
The 2026-2028 LTI is based on Relative Total Shareholder 
Return (33.33%), Return on Equity (33.33%), and a Transition 
Expense metric (33.33%) which measures costs to 
implement US GAAP and the transition of Aegon’s head 
office and legal domicile to the United States.
Return on Equity measures the profitability of Aegon’s yearly 
average shareholders’ equity, with the Return represented 
by the the sum of three years’ worth of the Operating Result 
and Cost of leverage net of tax divided by the sum of three 
years’ worth of yearly average shareholders equity.
The Return on Regulatory Capital measures the profitability 
of Aegon’s yearly average Regulatory Capital (SCR), with the 
Return represented by the sum of the earnings on in-force 
from the Business Units, the return from the Holding and 
other activities (mainly funding costs and expenses), and 
the a.s.r. dividend in the period.
For the relative Total Shareholder Return metric, 
the threshold is set at the median performance compared 
to the Relative Total Shareholder Return peer group. 
The target is set at the 66th percentile, and the maximum is 
set at the 83rd percentile. This peer group was established 
by selecting companies with a Life & Health sub-industry 
classification from the Global Industry Classification 
Standard in the Dow Jones US insurance index and the 
STOXX 600 insurance index, provided they have a market 
capitalization of more than EUR 2.5 billion. Peers are 
removed where this classification is no longer 
representative, for example, after a (de)merger 
announcement. Other companies with a comparable 
profile to Aegon from the United States, Canada, and 
Europe that were not captured under the first step have 
been added to round out the peer group.
For the 2024-2026, 2025-2027, and 2026-2028 Long-Term 
Incentive Plans, the following peer group applies.
Executive Director LTI entitlements
LTI plan
# of shares 
conditionally granted 
(at target)
Value of shares 
conditionally granted 
(as of grant date)
Vesting 
Year
# of vested 
shares
# shares 
withheld to 
cover tax Holding period
# of shares 
under Holding 
restriction
2024-2026 453,962 2,388,750 2027 0 0 2 years 0
2025-2027 413,923 2,388,750 2028 0 0 2 years 0
2026-2028 557,488 3,685,000 2029 0 0 2 years 0
Selection groups Peer companies
Dow Jones US insurance index Principal Financial Global Life Genworth Financial
Lincoln National CNO Financial Aflac
Prudential Financial Brighthouse Financial MetLife
Primerica Unum Voya Financial
STOXX 600 insurance index Prudential Storebrand Phoenix
Swiss Life NN Poste Italiane
Legal & General
Other companies Corebridge Equitable Holding Sunlife
Jackson National Ameriprise M&G
Manulife Aviva
Remuneration Report
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 79

[page 80]
Risk management
As an insurance group, Aegon manages risk for the benefit 
of its customers and other stakeholders. The company 
is exposed to a range of financial, underwriting, and 
operational risks. Aegon's risk management and internal 
control systems are designed to ensure that these risks are 
managed effectively and efficiently in a way that is aligned 
with the company's strategy.
For Aegon, risk management involves:
 
Understanding risks that the company faces;
 Maintaining a group-wide framework through which 
the risk-return trade-off associated with these risks 
can be assessed;
 Maintaining risk tolerances and supporting policies 
to limit exposure to a particular risk or combination 
of risks; and
 Monitoring risk exposures and overseeing the company’s 
overall risk and solvency positions.
This section describes Aegon's risk management framework.
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework
Aegon's ERM framework is designed and applied to identify 
risks that may affect Aegon and manage individual and 
aggregate risks within Aegon's set risk tolerances. 
The ERM framework covers the ERM components identified 
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the 
Treadway Commission (COSO). The ERM framework applies 
to all of Aegon's businesses for which it has operational 
control.
Risk strategy, risk appetite statement, and risk 
tolerances
The formulation of the risk strategy starts with the principle 
that taking a risk should be based on serving a customer's 
needs. The competence to manage the risk is assessed 
and Aegon's risk preferences are formulated, considering 
Aegon's risk capacity. The process results in a targeted 
risk profile, reflecting the risks Aegon wants to assume 
and the risks Aegon would like to avoid or mitigate.
Aegon's risk appetite statement and risk tolerances 
are established to assist management in carrying out 
Aegon's strategy within the boundaries of the resources 
available to Aegon. Aegon’s risk appetite statement is to: 
“Fulfill our promises towards our customers and other 
stakeholders by delivering sustainable long-term growth 
through strong resilience in solvency and liquidity, 
implementing robust risk management practices that align 
with our ethical standards and regulatory requirements.”
Following from the risk appetite statement, risk tolerances 
are defined based on the following:
 
Aegon should maintain adequate financial resources 
across the Group, both on Regulatory Capital and IFRS 
bases under adverse stress scenarios;
 The Group should maintain sufficient resources measured 
on a market-informed basis to be able to pay policyholders 
and other contractual obligations under adverse stress 
scenarios;
 
Aegon acts as a responsible business with effective 
controls, which acknowledges an acceptable level of 
operational risk and stresses a low tolerance for (lack of) 
actions that could lead to material adverse risk events 
that result in breaking promises to or not meeting 
reasonable expectations of customers, legal and 
regulatory breaches, reputational damage, financial 
detriment or financial misstatement.
The tolerances are further developed into measures, 
thresholds, and indicators that must be met to remain 
within the tolerances.
Risk universe
Aegon's risk universe is structured to reflect the type 
of risks to which the company is exposed. The identified 
risk categories are financial risk, underwriting risk, and 
operational risk. Specific risk types are identified within 
these risk categories. These internal or external risks may 
affect the company's operations, earnings, share price, value 
of its investments, or the sale of products and services. 
In the context of Aegon's risk strategy, a risk appetite is set 
for the three identified risk categories (see table below).
Risk category Description Appetite
Underwriting The risk of incurring losses when actual experience deviates from 
Aegon’s best estimate assumptions on mortality, longevity, morbidity, 
policyholder behavior, and property and casualty claims and 
expenses used to price products and establish technical provisions.
Medium to high - Underwriting risk is Aegon’s 
core business and meets customer needs.
Financial The risk of incurring financial losses due to movements in financial 
markets and the market value of balance sheet items. The elements of 
financial risk include credit risk, inflation risk, investment risk, interest 
rate risk, and currency risk.
Low to medium - Accepted where it meets 
customer needs and the risk-return profile is 
acceptable.
Operational The risk of losses resulting from inadequate or failed internal 
processes and controls, people and systems, or from external events, 
such as processing errors, legal and compliance issues, natural or 
man-made disasters, and cybercrime.
Low - Accepted as a necessary condition of 
conducting business, but mitigated as much as 
possible in an economically efficient manner.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
80 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 81]
Risk identification and risk assessment
Aegon has identified a risk universe that captures 
all known material risks to which the company is exposed. 
To assess all risks, Aegon maintains a documented, 
consistent methodology for measuring risks. The risk 
metrics are embedded in Aegon's key reports and 
are used for decision-making.
Risk response
Aegon distinguishes the following risk responses, which are 
particularly relevant where risks are out of tolerance:
 
Risk acceptance: The risk is accepted by management;
 Risk control: The risk is reduced by reducing the exposure, 
by improving processes and existing controls, or by 
introducing new controls;
 
Risk transfer: The risk is reduced by insuring the company 
against the risk or by transferring it to third parties through 
other appropriate transactions and arrangements;
 Risk avoidance: Activities that are the source of the risk 
are terminated.
Risk monitoring and reporting
Risks are monitored regularly and reported internally 
on at least a quarterly basis. The impact of key financial, 
underwriting, and operational risk drivers on earnings 
and capital is shown in the quarterly risk dashboards 
for the various risk types, both separately and on an 
aggregate basis.
Risk exposures are compared with the measures and 
indicators as defined by Aegon's risk appetite framework. 
Reporting also includes compliance and incident reporting. 
Finally, the main risks derived from Aegon's strategy and 
day-to-day business are discussed, as well as forward- 
looking points for attention. If necessary, mitigating actions 
are taken and documented.
Risk control
A system of effective controls is required to mitigate 
the risks identified. In Aegon's ERM framework, risk control 
includes risk governance, risk policies, an internal control 
framework, model validation, risk framework embedding, 
risk culture, and compliance.
Change risk management
The ERM framework, including the operational risk universe, 
applies to all change initiatives and special projects across 
Aegon. The risk function provides oversight to ensure that 
change initiatives adhere to the principles of the risk 
framework and to verify that the control framework during 
and after the change continues to operate in line with 
company requirements. For example, as Aegon moves its 
head office and legal seat to the United States, Risk will 
contribute to project oversight and provide input through 
regular risk reporting and risk opinions, similar to its role 
when Aegon moved its legal seat to Bermuda.
Most significant risks
The most significant risks Aegon faces in terms of 
exposures and required capital are:
 
Financial markets risks (particularly related to credit, 
equity, and interest rates);
 Underwriting risks (particularly related to mortality 
and morbidity risks and policyholder behavior); and
 
Operational risks (particularly related to continuity of 
operations and reputation).
The ERM framework, including methodologies, policies, and 
a system of effective controls, provides the instruments 
to effectively manage these risks.
Description of risk types
Financial market risks
Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from the default by, 
or failure to meet the contractual obligations of issuers and 
counterparties. Aegon also considers credit risk to include 
spread risk, that is, a decline in the value of a bond, loan, or 
mortgage due to widening credit spreads. With a well- 
diversified investment portfolio, Aegon can accept credit 
spread risk to earn a liquidity premium on assets that match 
liabilities. The focus is on high-quality securities with low 
expected defaults because Aegon has a low appetite for 
default risk.
Equity market risk and other investment risks
Aegon runs the risk that the market value of its investments 
changes. Investment risk affects Aegon's direct investments 
in the general account, its indirect investments in which 
policyholders bear the risk, and its agreements with 
counterparties, such as reinsurance and derivatives
Aegon has a low preference for investments in equity 
securities via the general account. Equity investments 
generate an equity risk premium over the long run, 
but in combination with a high capital charge, result 
in a relatively low return on capital. Aegon accepts equity 
exposure through fee-based business in the separate 
accounts and mutual funds and through general account 
products with equity-linked benefits. Aegon has experience 
and expertise in managing complex investment guarantees 
and leverages this capability by providing customers with 
access to a range of investment strategies and guaranteed 
benefits. Although Aegon accepts equity exposure via 
guarantee products, it prefers to hedge this risk as much as 
possible.
Other investment risks include real estate exposure 
in the general account, and indirectly via property funds 
invested for the account of policyholders.
Risk management
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 81

[page 82]
Interest rate risk
Aegon is exposed to interest rates as both its assets and 
liabilities are sensitive to movements in long-term and short- 
term interest rates and changes in the volatility of interest 
rates. Aegon may accept interest rate risk to meet customer 
needs. Aegon's preference is to mitigate risk to the extent 
possible.
Currency exchange rate risk
As an international company, Aegon conducts business in 
different currencies and is therefore exposed to movements 
in currency exchange rates. Foreign currency exposure 
exists primarily when policies are denominated in currencies 
other than the issuer's functional currency. Currency risk in 
the investment portfolios backing insurance and investment 
liabilities is managed using asset-liability matching 
principles. Assets allocated to equity are held in local 
currencies to the extent that shareholders' equity is required 
to satisfy regulatory and self-imposed capital requirements. 
Currency exchange rate fluctuations therefore affect the 
level of shareholders' equity as a result of converting local 
currencies into euros (EUR), the company's reporting 
currency. The company holds its capital base in various 
currencies in amounts that correspond to the book value 
of individual business units.
Inflation risk
Aegon is exposed to inflation risk through inflation-linked 
benefits on certain products sold by Aegon’s insurance 
entities, such as pensions and long-term care products. 
In addition, Aegon is exposed to cost inflation through its 
expense base. Aegon prefers to mitigate the risk to the 
extent possible.
Liquidity risk
Aegon needs to maintain sufficient liquidity to meet short- 
term cash demands, not only under normal conditions, 
but also in the event of a crisis. To that end, Aegon has 
established a strong liquidity management framework. 
The company considers extreme liquidity stress scenarios, 
including the possibility of prolonged "frozen" capital 
markets, an immediate and permanent rise in interest rates, 
and elevated policyholder withdrawals.
Please refer to note 4 Financial Risk in Aegon's financial 
statements for more information on financial market risks.
Underwriting risk
Underwriting risk relates to the products sold by Aegon's 
insurance entities and is the risk of incurring losses 
when actual experience deviates from Aegon's best 
estimate assumptions on mortality, morbidity, policyholder 
behavior, property & casualty claims, and expenses.
Aegon prefers to grow underwriting risk selectively, but 
this must go hand in hand with a strong underwriting 
process. Aegon's earnings depend, to a significant degree, 
on the extent to which claims experience is consistent 
with assumptions used to price products and establish 
technical provisions. Changes in, among other things, 
morbidity, mortality, longevity trends, and policyholder 
behavior may have a considerable impact on the company's 
results. Assumptions used to price products and establish 
technical provisions are reviewed regularly. Please refer 
to note 3 Critical accounting estimates and judgment in 
applying accounting policies in Aegon's consolidated 
financial statements for further information.
Operational risk
Aegon is exposed to operational risk, defined as the risk 
of unexpected consequences, such as financial losses, 
reporting errors, customer detriment, regulatory non- 
compliance, and reputational harm, resulting from 
inadequate or failed internal processes and controls, people 
and systems, or from external events. Operational risks may 
arise from various sources, including processing errors, 
model inaccuracies, misconduct, legal and regulatory 
breaches, and natural or man-made disasters, including 
those linked to climate change. Additionally, large-scale 
programs (e.g. redomiciliation activities) or organizational 
transformations can elevate operational risk exposure, 
particularly in areas such as strategy execution and project 
delivery. Aegon's systems and processes are designed to 
support complex products, transactions, and large 
programs, while also aiming to mitigate risks such as system 
failures, business disruptions, financial crime, and breaches 
of information security. Aegon regularly monitors and 
assesses these risks and retains the flexibility to update and 
revise its systems and processes as necessary. Aegon’s 
operational risk universe is structured into eight level 1 risk 
categories: business risk; legal, regulatory, conduct, and 
compliance risks; tax risk; financial crime risk; processing 
risk; information technology and business disruption risk; 
people risk; and facility risk. These level 1 risk categories 
are split into more granular level 2 risk categories, such as 
information security risk, conduct risk, fraud risk, modeling 
risk, and physical damage risk.
This taxonomy supports consistent categorization, 
monitoring, and reporting of risk events across Aegon’s 
business units. It also enables targeted mitigation strategies 
and facilitates compliance with internal and external 
regulatory requirements.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
82 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 83]
Sustainability risk
Sustainability risk, including climate risk, is not considered 
a separate risk type but is a risk driver that impacts multiple 
risks. Sustainability involves financial, underwriting, business, 
legal, regulatory, conduct, and compliance risk angles. 
For example, climate change can impact future investment 
returns. The legal, regulatory, conduct, and compliance risk 
angle concerns the ability to comply with applicable legal 
and regulatory requirements. Sustainability is included in 
Aegon's risk taxonomy, integrated into its ERM framework, 
and embedded in the relevant risk policies. Sustainability risk 
covers 1) business practices, including investments; 
2) environmental (including climate change), social, and 
governance aspects; and 3) corporate sustainability goals 
and commitments.
One of the key sustainability risk drivers identified by Aegon 
is climate risk. In this context, Group Risk conducts an annual 
qualitative, company-level climate risk assessment (CRA) 
across Aegon’s three risk categories: financial market risk, 
underwriting risk, and operational risk. The qualitative 
assessment identifies the relevant climate risks for 
Aegon and assesses their severity and manageability. 
The company-wide assessment builds on local assessments 
by experts in the business units, covering the likelihood, 
impact, and speed of occurrence of the identified risks and 
current, planned, and possible management actions to 
mitigate these risks. The outcomes of the assessment and 
recommendations are discussed with senior management, 
taken through applicable governance, and reported on in 
the Group Solvency Self-Assessment (GSSA). As part of the 
annual CRA process, recommendations are made to evolve 
and further mature each cycle's local and company-wide 
assessments.
Aegon also conducts an extensive and systematic 
quantitative climate risk scenario analysis annually. 
The scope of this assessment covers our insurance 
business units, including both general account and separate 
account assets, but excludes reinsurance. To conduct the 
2025 annual assessment, Aegon continued its collaboration 
with Ortec Finance, using their proprietary Climate MAPS 
solution, a scenario-based tool.
The importance of handling sustainability risk effectively 
and expeditiously is expected to increase further, 
given the relevance of sustainability for all stakeholders 
including society, investors, customers, and regulators.
Fraud risk
Fraud risk is interpreted broadly at Aegon, encompassing 
both operational fraud and financial reporting fraud.
Operational types of fraud are categorized into internal 
and external fraud, that is, fraud committed by employees 
and fraud committed by others, with external fraud further 
specified as intermediary fraud or fraud committed by 
third parties. To combat operational fraud, Aegon has 
implemented policies and reports internally on its 
adherence to them. To enable oversight by the Executive 
Committee and Board of Directors, compliance departments 
report quarterly on fraud events. In its Annual Compliance 
Risk Assessment, Aegon analyzes its exposure to fraud 
and residual risks, taking into account all measures it has 
implemented to combat fraud. Where gaps are identified 
that pose out-of-tolerance risks, additional measures are 
implemented.
Furthermore, Aegon has an established process to assess 
and confirm that effective controls are in place concerning 
fraud in financial reporting. This assessment is performed 
annually and is based on a set of mandatory scenarios. All 
Aegon subsidiaries are required to perform the assessment.
Emerging risk scan
On an annual basis, Aegon performs an emerging risk or 
horizon scan that identifies newly developing or changing 
risks or signals perceived to have a potentially significant 
impact on Aegon’s financial strength, competitive position, 
reputation, or risk profile. It is a cross-functional exercise 
that examines the impact, proximity (time horizon of 
occurrence), and velocity (speed of occurrence) of emerging 
risks to determine potential risk areas that could influence 
value protection and creation. The scan is used to assess 
the ongoing appropriateness of the risk universe and 
Aegon’s preparedness to respond to emerging risks, 
and to provide input and awareness on emerging topics for 
strategy development. The scan takes into account the 
relationship and interconnectivity between threats and 
opportunities and the impact on business objectives.
Topic identification, assessment, and selection are based 
on desk research, interviews with internal and external 
experts, and management selection. Topic areas can 
include, among other things, geopolitics, macro- and 
financial economics, technology, regulations and 
supervision, customer preferences, product markets, 
and sustainability.
Risk management
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 83

[page 84]
In 2025, areas of focus included, among others, geopolitical 
instability and the evolution of AI. Aegon’s preparedness for 
selected key developments was also assessed, together 
with possible ways to further strengthen our preparedness 
and approach. With respect to macroeconomic and 
geopolitical developments, for example, we undertook 
scenario analysis and identified possible management 
actions to remain agile in the face of shifting political 
alliances, economic volatility, and regulatory divergence. 
With respect to AI developments, we are maturing our 
capabilities in managing AI-related risks, and continue to 
develop our policies and controls to support emerging AI, 
advancing our AI capabilities, and developing scalable use 
cases, while taking into account governance processes 
designed to mitigate risks. These efforts are complemented 
by employee training and oversight mechanisms that 
reinforce responsible AI use.
Risk governance framework
Aegon's risk management is based on a clear, well-defined 
risk governance. The goals of risk governance are to:
 
Define roles and responsibilities, and risk reporting 
procedures for decision-makers;
 Institute a proper system of checks and balances;
 Provide a consistent framework for managing risk 
in line with the targeted risk profile; and
 Facilitate risk diversification.
Governance structure
Aegon's risk management framework is represented 
across all levels of the organization, designed to encourage 
a coherent and integrated approach to risk management 
throughout the company. Similarly, Aegon offers a 
comprehensive range of group-wide risk policies that 
specify operating guidelines and limits. These policies 
include legal, regulatory, and internally set requirements 
and are designed to keep risk exposures to a manageable 
level. Any breach of policy limits or warning levels triggers 
remedial action or heightened monitoring. Further risk 
policies may be developed at a local level to cover 
situations specific to particular business units.
Aegon's risk management governance structure has 
four layers:
 
The Board of Directors (Board) and its Risk Committee;
 The CEO and the Executive Committee;
 The Group Risk & Capital Committee (GRCC) and 
its sub-committees; and
 The local Risk & Capital Committees.
The Risk Committee reports to the Board on topics related 
to the ERM framework and the internal control system. 
This includes:
 
Risk strategy, risk tolerance, and risk governance;
 Product development and pricing;
 Risk assessment;
 Risk responses and internal control effectiveness;
 Risk monitoring; and
 Risk reporting.
The Risk Committee works closely with the Board 
of Directors' Audit Committee.
For a description of the main roles and responsibilities of 
the Risk Committee, refer to the Risk Committee section of 
the Report of the Board of Directors in this Annual Report.
The CEO and the Group's Chief Risk Officer (CRO) are 
responsible for informing the Board of any risk that directly 
threatens the company's solvency, liquidity, or operations.
The CEO has overall responsibility for managing risk. 
The CEO adopts the risk strategy, risk governance, risk 
tolerance, and material changes in risk methodology and 
risk policies. The Group's CRO has a standing invitation 
to attend the CEO meeting and has a direct reporting line 
to the Board to discuss ERM and related matters. 
The CRO is also a member of the Executive Committee.
The Executive Committee oversees a broad range of 
strategic and operational issues. While the Board of 
Directors has delegated decision making authority in 
relation to the operational running of the company to the 
CEO, the Executive Committee provides vital support and 
expertise in safeguarding Aegon's strategic goals. The 
Executive Committee discusses and sponsors ERM, in 
particular the risk strategy, risk governance, risk tolerance, 
and the introduction of new risk policies.
The CEO and Executive Committee are supported by the 
GRCC. The GRCC is Aegon's most senior risk committee. 
It is responsible for managing Aegon's balance sheet 
at the global level and is in charge of risk oversight, risk 
monitoring, and risk management-related decisions 
on behalf of the CEO and in line with its charter. 
The GRCC ensures risk-taking is within Aegon's risk 
tolerances, that the capital position is adequate to support 
financial strength and regulatory requirements, and that 
capital is properly allocated. The GRCC informs the CEO 
about any identified breaches of overall tolerance levels and 
threats to the company's solvency, liquidity, or operations.
The GRCC has three sub-committees: the ERM framework, 
Accounting and Actuarial Committee (ERMAAC), the Non- 
Financial Risk Committee (NFRC), and the Model Validation 
Committee (MVC).
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
84 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 85]
The purpose of the ERMAAC is to assist the GRCC, CEO, 
and Executive Committee with the setting and maintenance 
of the financial risk framework across all group-level 
balance sheet bases, including policies, standards, 
guidelines, methodologies, and assumptions.
The purpose of the NFRC is to assist the GRCC, CEO and 
Executive Committee with non-financial risk framework 
setting and maintenance, including policies, standards, 
guidelines, and methodologies, and to act as a formal 
discussion and information-exchange platform on matters 
concerning non-financial risk management.
The MVC is responsible for approving all model validation 
reports across Aegon. This independent committee reports 
to the GRCC and the CEO to provide information on model 
integrity and recommendations on how to strengthen these 
models further.
Aegon's business units have a Risk, or Risk and Capital 
Committee, and an Audit Committee. While naming and 
organizational set-up can differ, the responsibilities 
and prerogatives of the committees are aligned with those 
of the company-level committees and further elaborated 
in their respective charters, which are tailored to local 
circumstances.
In addition to the four layers described above, Aegon has 
an established group-wide Risk function. It is the mission 
of the Risk function to ensure the continuity of the company 
by safeguarding the value of existing business, protecting 
Aegon's balance sheet and reputation, and supporting 
the creation of sustainable value for all stakeholders.
In general, the objective of the Risk function is to support 
the CEO, Executive Committee, Board, and business unit 
boards in ensuring that the company reviews, assesses, 
understands, and manages its risk profile. Through oversight, 
the Risk function ensures the company-wide risk profile is 
managed in line with Aegon's risk tolerances, and 
stakeholder expectations are managed under both normal 
business conditions and adverse conditions caused by 
unforeseen negative events.
The following roles are important to realize the objective of 
the Risk function:
 
Advising on risk-related matters, including risk tolerance, 
risk governance, risk methodology, and risk policies;
 Supporting and facilitating the development, incorporation, 
maintenance, and embedding of the ERM framework and 
sound practices; and
 Monitoring and challenging the implementation and 
effectiveness of ERM practices.
In the context of these roles, the Risk function has 
the following responsibilities:
ERM Framework
 The overarching ERM Framework supports Aegon’s 
corporate strategy and enables management to 
effectively deal with uncertainty and the associated 
risk-return trade-offs.
Global Risk Appetite (GRA)
 The GRA is linked to and supports Aegon’s strategy 
and purpose and translates these into risk tolerances 
and risk limits.
Risk identification and assessment
 
All material risks are captured and classified in Aegon’s 
risk universe. An emerging risk process is in place 
to ensure that the risk universe remains up-to-date and 
complete. Where and to the degree appropriate, 
the emerging risk process is aligned with the DMA. 
Risk assessment includes risk measurement across 
valuation and reporting metrics and feeds into Aegon’s 
risk strategy, including risk preferences and risk profile 
considerations.
Risk governance
 
A risk governance framework is in place across all levels 
of the company, including formal committees, committee 
charters, memberships across relevant functions, and 
escalation procedures.
Policies and standards
 Risk policies and standards set out requirements, roles 
and responsibilities, and processes to manage risks 
across the risk universe.
Risk framework embedding
 The ERM Framework is embedded in Aegon’s key business 
areas. The GSSA unifies risk and capital management and 
business planning processes across Aegon and aligns 
them with its strategy. The risk strategy is aligned with 
the business strategy; the strategy execution is closely 
monitored; and risks are identified on time to ensure 
strong delivery in a safe and timely manner.
Risk oversight
 
Major business (and risk) decisions are risk-based, 
properly risk-informed, and, where relevant, challenged 
by the Risk function to protect the balance sheet and 
proper customer conduct.
Risk management
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 85

[page 86]
Risk monitoring and reporting
 Risks across the risk universe are monitored and reported.
Risk culture
 Risk culture is embedded across the company.
 Focused training is delivered throughout the organization 
on Risk Management principles.
 Risk culture encompasses the awareness of employees, 
management, and leadership of relevant risks and how 
risks are managed.
Aegon's group-wide and business-unit risk management 
staff structure is fully integrated. Business unit CROs report 
either directly to the Group CRO or to one of the CROs that 
reports directly to the Group CRO.
ERM framework maintenance
Aegon continuously works on keeping its ERM framework 
up to date, effective, and fit for purpose. The annual risk plan 
outlines priorities for the year and rationalizes activities 
that align with Aegon’s strategy and vision. Policies, charters, 
and other governance documents are regularly reviewed 
and updated where necessary. Also, activities such as 
the Emerging Risk Scan provide an internal and external 
perspective on the risk universe and signal where updates 
are required. In addition, internal processes such as 
policy attestation verify compliance with policies. 
Non-compliance requires remediation of action plans, 
which are actively monitored to ensure execution.
Internal control system
Aegon has developed a comprehensive internal control 
system designed to support compliance with applicable 
laws, regulations (for example, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
and the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive), and 
administrative processes. Furthermore, the internal control 
system supports measurement of the effectiveness and 
efficiency of Aegon's operations with regard to its 
objectives, in addition to the availability, reliability, and 
integrity of both financial and non-financial information. 
The overall internal control system provides reasonable 
assurance of appropriate control activities across key 
processes and of the documentation and reporting of 
administrative and accounting information. A key element 
of the internal control system is to facilitate action planning 
and embed continuous improvement in the organization's 
internal control environment. The internal control system 
is embedded through policies and frameworks such as the 
ERM Framework, which includes Aegon’s Model Validation 
Framework, Operational Risk Management Framework, 
and Information Technology Risk Management Framework. 
Aegon’s internal control system is considered more 
encompassing in scope than the Integrated Framework 
issued by COSO, which serves as the foundational criteria 
for internal control systems.
In 2025, internal control and risk management topics were 
actively discussed by key governance bodies, including the 
Executive Committee, Risk Committee, and Audit Committee. 
An analysis of internal and external audit reports and risk 
reviews revealed no material weaknesses. As a result, 
no significant changes or major enhancements were 
deemed necessary for the risk management and internal 
control systems.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
86 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 87]
Capital and liquidity management
Guiding principles
The management of capital and liquidity is of vital 
importance to Aegon, its customers, investors in Aegon 
securities and its other stakeholders. In line with its risk 
tolerance, the goal of Aegon's capital and liquidity 
management is to promote strong and stable capital 
adequacy levels for its businesses, in addition to maintaining 
adequate liquidity to ensure the company is able to meet 
its obligations.
Aegon follows several guiding principles in terms of capital 
and liquidity management:
 
Promoting strong capital adequacy in Aegon’s businesses 
and operating units;
 Managing and allocating capital efficiently in support 
of the strategy and in line with its risk tolerance;
 
Maintaining an efficient capital structure, with an emphasis 
on optimizing Aegon’s cost of capital;
 
Maintaining adequate liquidity in both the operating 
units and the Holding to ensure that the company is able 
to meet its obligations by enforcing stringent liquidity 
risk policies; and
 
Maintaining continued access to international capital 
markets on competitive terms.
Aegon believes that the combination of these guiding 
principles strengthens the company's ability to withstand 
adverse market conditions, enhances its financial flexibility, 
and serves both the short-term and the long-term interests 
of the company, its customers, and other stakeholders.
The management and monitoring of capital and liquidity is 
firmly embedded in Aegon's Enterprise Risk Management 
(ERM) framework.
Management of capital
Aegon's capital management framework is based on 
adequate capitalization of its operating units, Cash Capital 
at Holding, and leverage.
Capital adequacy of Aegon’s operating units
Aegon manages capital in its operating units at levels 
sufficient to absorb moderate shocks without impacting 
the remittances to the Group. These moderate shocks 
could be caused by various factors, including general 
economic conditions, financial market risks, underwriting 
risks, changes in government regulations, and legal and 
arbitration proceedings. To mitigate the impact of such 
factors on the ability of operating units to pay remittances 
to the Group, Aegon established an operating level of capital 
in each unit. In its main units, these are: 400% Risk-Based 
Capital (RBC) Company Action Level (CAL) in the US and 
150% Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) in the UK; 
based on Solvency UK. Aegon manages capital in the units 
to their respective operating levels throughout the cycle.
After investments have been made in new business 
to generate organic growth, capital generated 
by Aegon's operating units is available for distribution 
to the holding company. In addition to an operating level, 
Aegon established a minimum dividend payment level of 
capital in each unit: 350% RBC CAL in the US and 135% 
SCR in the UK, based on Solvency UK. As long as the capital 
position of the unit is above this minimum dividend payment 
level, the unit is expected to pay remittances to the Group.
When the operating unit’s capital position approaches 
the minimum dividend payment level, capital management 
tools will ensure that units will remain well capitalized. 
Frequent monitoring of actual and forecasted capitalization 
levels of its operating units is an important element in 
Aegon's capital framework to maintain adequate 
capitalization levels.
The regulatory capital requirement, minimum dividend 
payment level, operating level, and actual capitalization 
for Aegon's main operating units on December 31, 2025 
are included in the following table:
For more details on the capital ratios and their movements, 
see note 37 Capital management and solvency in Aegon's 
consolidated financial statements.
Capital requirements
Regulatory capital 
requirement
Minimum dividend 
payment level Operating level
Actual 
capitalization
US RBC ratio 100% 350% 400% 424%
Scottish Equitable Plc Solvency UK ratio 100% 135% 150% 183%
Capital and liquidity management
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 87

[page 88]
Improving risk-return profile
Aegon has an active global reinsurance program 
designed to optimize the risk-return profile of insurance 
risks. In addition, Aegon monitors the risk-return profile 
of new business written, withdrawing products that 
do not create value for its stakeholders.
Aegon continues to take measures to improve its risk- 
return profile. In particular, several actions were taken 
in the United States to strengthen the capital position 
and reduce the volatility of the local capital positions.
Management actions US
As announced during the June 2023 Capital Markets Day, 
Transamerica aims to improve the quantum and quality of its 
capital generation, while reducing its exposure to Financial 
Assets. During 2025, Transamerica has made good 
progress in implementing its plans.
During 2025 the following management actions related to 
the Financial Asset portfolio were executed:
 Actuarially justified rate increases in Long-Term Care with 
a total value of approvals achieved since the beginning of 
2023 amounts to USD 871 million, which is 124% of the 
USD 700 million target set at the 2023 CMD.
 
Transamerica expanded its dynamic hedge program for 
Variable Annuities to further reduce its equity market 
exposure. Previously, the program hedged market risks 
from policy riders. The expansion now includes first order 
equity market exposure of 25% of the Variable Annuities 
base contracts held by Transamerica Life Insurance 
Company, Transamerica’s largest insurance carrier. 
This reduces the economic equity market sensitivity of the 
portfolio and further solidifies the run-off of the Variable 
Annuities portfolio.
 
Aegon decided to reinsure a block of Secondary 
Guarantee Universal Life (SGUL) contracts. 
The transaction covers 30% of the face value of 
Transamerica’s SGUL business, bringing the total value 
addressed to 80% of the total SGUL portfolio in 
combination with previously executed management 
actions. It decreases the total capital employed by 
USD 0.3 billion to USD 2.7 billion, well ahead of the 
targeted reduction in 2025.
Cash Capital at Holding and liquidity management
Liquidity management is a fundamental building block 
of Aegon's overall financial planning and capital allocation 
processes. Liquidity is managed both centrally and at 
the operating unit level and is coordinated centrally 
at Aegon Ltd.
The ability of the holding company to meet its cash 
obligations depends on the amount of liquid assets 
on its balance sheet and on the ability of the operating 
units to pay remittances to the holding company.
To ensure the holding company's ability to fulfill its cash 
obligations, to maintain sufficient flexibility to provide 
capital and liquidity support to Aegon's operating units, 
and to provide stability in external dividends, the company 
manages Cash Capital at Holding, including Aegon's 
centrally managed (unregulated) holding companies, 
to an operating range of EUR 0.5 billion to EUR 1.5 billion.
The main sources of liquidity in Cash Capital at Holding 
are remittances from operating units and proceeds from 
divestitures. In addition, contingent internal and external 
liquidity programs are maintained to provide additional 
safeguards against extreme unexpected liquidity stresses.
Aegon uses the cash flows from its operating units to pay 
for holding expenses, including funding costs. The remaining 
free cash flow is available to execute the company's 
strategy, to strengthen the balance sheet through 
deleveraging or making capital injections into units as 
required, to make acquisitions, to fund dividends on its 
shares, and to return capital to shareholders, if possible, 
all subject to maintaining the targeted Cash Capital at 
Holding level. Aegon aims to pay out a sustainable dividend 
to enable equity investors to share in its performance.
When determining whether to declare or propose a dividend, 
Aegon's Board of Directors balances prudence with the 
objective of offering an attractive return to shareholders. 
This balance is particularly important during adverse 
economic and/or financial market conditions. Furthermore, 
Aegon's operating units are subject to local insurance 
regulations that could restrict remittances to the holding 
company or require capital and liquidity support. There is no 
requirement or assurance that Aegon will declare and pay 
any dividends.
On December 31, 2025, Aegon held a balance of EUR 1.3 
billion in Cash Capital at Holding, compared to 
EUR 1.7 billion on December 31, 2024. Details on the 
movement are included in note 37 Capital management 
and solvency, in Aegon's consolidated financial statements.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
88 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 89]
Liquidity management
The company's liquidity risk policy sets guidelines for 
its operating companies and the Holding to achieve 
a prudent liquidity profile and to meet cash demands 
under extreme conditions. Aegon's liquidity is invested in 
accordance with the company's internal risk management 
policies. Aegon believes that its Cash Capital at Holding, 
backed by its external funding programs and facilities, 
is ample for the company's present requirements.
Aegon maintains a liquidity policy that requires all business 
units to project and assess their sources and uses of 
liquidity over a two-year period under normal and severe 
business and market scenarios. This policy ensures that 
liquidity is measured and managed consistently across 
the company, and that liquidity stress management plans 
are in place.
Aegon's operating units are engaged in life insurance 
and pensions business, which are long-term activities 
with relatively illiquid liabilities and generally matching 
assets. Liquidity consists of liquid assets held in investment 
portfolios, in addition to inflows generated by maturing 
assets, coupons and premium payments, and 
customer deposits.
Leverage
Aegon uses leverage to lower the cost of capital that 
supports businesses in the company, thereby contributing 
to a more effective and efficient use of capital. In managing 
the use of leverage throughout the company, Aegon has 
implemented a Leverage Use Framework as part of 
its broader ERM framework.
Financial leverage
Aegon defines gross financial leverage as debt or debt-like 
funding issued for general corporate purposes and for 
capitalizing Aegon's business units. Gross financial leverage 
includes hybrid instruments, as well as subordinated and 
senior debt. Gross financial leverage was EUR 4.9 billion 
per December 31, 2025. For more information on the 
calculation of Financial Leverage see note 37 Capital 
management and solvency, of this report.
The following are metrics that Aegon assesses in managing 
leverage:
 
Gross financial leverage ratio
 Fixed charge coverage
 Various rating agency leverage metrics
 Other metrics, including gross financial leverage divided 
by operating capital generation1
Aegon's gross financial leverage ratio is calculated by 
dividing gross financial leverage by total capitalization. 
Aegon's total capitalization consists of the following 
components:
 Shareholders’ equity based on IFRS
 Non-controlling interests and shares related to long-term 
incentive plans that have not yet vested
 Contractual service margin, excluding joint ventures 
and associates, net of tax
 
Gross (or total) financial leverage
Aegon's fixed charge coverage is a measure of 
the company's ability to service its financial leverage. 
It is calculated as the sum of the operating result and 
interest expenses on financial leverage divided by interest 
payments on financial leverage. The fixed charge coverage 
includes the impact of interest rate hedging.
Operational leverage
Although operational leverage is not considered part 
of Aegon's total capitalization, it is a source of liquidity 
and funding. Operational leverage relates primarily to 
the use of a Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) facility.
Funding and back-up facilities
Aegon Ltd., the parent company, issues the majority of 
Aegon's financial leverage. A limited number of other 
Aegon companies have also issued debt securities, but 
Aegon Ltd guarantees the vast majority of these securities.
To support the Letters of Credit (LOCs) and to enhance 
its liquidity position, Aegon maintains backup credit 
and LOC facilities with international lenders. Aegon has 
a Revolving Credit Facility (RCF) with a facility amount of 
USD 1.375 billion. This facility has been extended for 1 year, 
as a result of which the remaining tenor has been reset to 
5 years (2030). Aegon’s syndicated USD 250 million Letter 
of Credit Facility (LCF) will mature in 2026.
Capital generation adjusted for market impacts and one-time items1
Capital and liquidity management
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 89

[page 90]
Rating agency ratings
Aegon's objective is to maintain robust financial strength 
ratings in its main operating units, and this plays an 
important role in determining the company's overall
capital management strategy. Aegon maintains robust 
financial strength ratings from several international rating 
agencies for its operating units.
Aegon Group Solvency Ratio
Following the transfer of Aegon’s legal domicile to Bermuda 
on September 30, 2023, group supervision moved from 
the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) to the Bermuda Monetary 
Authority (BMA). Aegon’s group solvency ratio under the 
Bermuda solvency framework is broadly aligned with that 
under the previously applied Solvency II framework during 
a transition period until the end of 2027. This includes 
translating Transamerica’s capital position into the group 
solvency position. 
Aegon agreed to fully adopt the Bermuda solvency 
framework after the transition period. Aegon announced 
on May 16, 2025 that it will apply an aggregation approach 
to calculate its group solvency under the Bermuda solvency 
framework after the transition period. The resulting group 
solvency ratio is expected to be broadly similar to the 
current group solvency ratio and Aegon expects no material 
impact on its capital management framework.
As announced on the Capital Markets Day held on 
December 10, 2025, due to the proposed redomiciliation of 
the legal seat to the US, Aegon needs to report under the US 
capital framework, which is currently expected to occur per 
January 2028. The lead and scope of group supervision will 
be reassessed by relevant regulators at the time of the 
redomiciliation.
Furthermore, the BMA has concluded its review of the 
eligibility of Aegon’s capital instruments under the Bermuda 
solvency framework:
 
Aegon’s Solvency II-compliant instruments will continue 
to be eligible under the Bermuda solvency framework 
in the corresponding tier to Solvency II, and without any 
limitations;
 The Junior Perpetual Capital Securities (JPCS), which in 
2025 are still treated as Restricted Tier 1 until January 1, 
2026, are eligible as Tier 2 Ancillary Capital following that 
date, until the end of 2029. Subject to a review in 2029, 
eligibility may be extended;
 The Perpetual Cumulative Subordinated Bonds (PCSB), 
which in 2025 were treated as Restricted Tier 1, lost 
eligibility from January 1, 2026. On a pro-forma basis 
taking into account this ineligibility for the PCSB, Aegon’s 
group solvency ratio would have been 7%-points lower 
compared with the group solvency ratio of 184% on 
December 31, 2025.
For more information about group solvency and recent 
developments, please refer to the Regulation and 
supervision section.
Aegon’s debt structure and funding decisions remain driven 
by economic considerations, while also taking into account 
market circumstances, regulatory requirements, and rating 
agency considerations.
Aegon’s Group solvency ratio was 184% on December 31, 
2025, compared with 188% on December 31, 2024. 
The Group solvency ratio includes Aegon UK based on 
the local Solvency UK regulation. Please refer to note 37 
Capital management and solvency, of Aegon's consolidated 
financial statements for more details.
December 31, 2025 Aegon Ltd. Aegon USA Aegon UK
S&P Global
Financial strength A+ A 1
Long-term issuer BBB+
Senior debt BBB+
Subordinated debt BBB-
Moody's Investors Service
Financial strength A1
Long-term issuer Baa1
Senior debt Baa1
Subordinated debt Baa2
A.M. Best
Financial strength A
1 On March 4, 2026, S&P lowered the rating of Aegon UK from ‘A’ to ‘A-‘ as a result of the announced strategic review of Aegon UK.
December 31, 2025 1 December 31, 2024
Group Eligible Own Funds 11,901 14,030
Group SCR 6,464 7,466
Group Solvency ratio 184% 188%
1 The Solvency ratios are estimates and are not final until filed with the respective supervisory authority.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
90 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 91]
Sensitivities
Aegon calculates the sensitivities of its capital ratios as part 
of its capital management framework. The following table 
provides an overview of the sensitivities (downward and 
upward) to certain parameters and their estimated impact 
on the capital ratio. Aegon has a 24.12% stake in a.s.r. after 
the sale of around 20% of Aegon’s stake in a.s.r. in 2025. The 
impact from this 24.12% stake has been excluded in 
the sensitivities of the Group solvency ratio.
Please note that the sensitivities listed in the table 
below represent sensitivities to Aegon’s position 
on December 31, 2025.
The sensitivities reflect single shocks, where other elements 
remain unchanged. Real-world market impacts (for example, 
lower interest rates and declining equity markets) may 
happen simultaneously, which can lead to more severe 
combined impacts and may not be equal to the sum of 
the individual sensitivities presented in the table. 
The sensitivities reflect inadmissibility restrictions for 
deferred tax assets (DTA). The DTAs remain recoverable 
over time. In the US RBC ratio, a part of the DTAs was 
inadmissible per the end of the reporting period.
Equity sensitivities
Aegon is exposed to equity markets, primarily through 
indirect equity exposure in the Americas.
In the Americas, equity sensitivities are primarily driven 
by the variable annuity (VA) business, where base contract 
fees are charged as a percentage of underlying funds, 
many of which are equity-based. The guaranteed benefits 
are fully hedged for equity risk and the indirect equity 
exposure associated with the base contract fees is hedged 
for 25% since August 2025.
Interest rates sensitivities
Aegon's group solvency ratio is not very sensitive to interest 
rates movements given the asset-liability management and 
hedging programs that are in place.
In the Americas, a decrease in interest rates increases 
statutory reserves for variable annuities and universal life 
products, which are offset by payoffs from interest rate 
hedging programs.
For the Americas, interest rate sensitivity results are quite 
stable due to the Clearly Defined Hedging Strategy (net of 
SSAP108 deferrals).  
The SSAP 108 deferral reduces non-economic statutory 
surplus volatility by deferring the breakage between the 
statutory reserves and hedge movement on TLIC. There is a 
deferral of net loss (creating an asset) in up-rate shocks and 
a deferral of net gain (creating a liability) in down-rate shocks 
to the balance sheet of the TLIC legal entity and this is 
generally amortized over a 10-year period.
For Scottish Equitable (SE) Plc, the main insurance entity of 
Aegon UK, exposure to lower interest rates results in higher 
required capital for mortality, expense, and policyholder 
lapse risks, partly offset by gains on the swaps held in the 
general account.
Scenario Group 1 Americas 2 Scottish Equitable Plc
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Equity markets -25% (5%) (6%) (17%) (18%) 8% 7%
Equity markets +25% (7%) (13%) (20%) (29%) (4%) (4%)
Interest rates -50bps 0% (1%) 1% (2%) (1%) (1%)
Interest rates +50bps 2% 0% 2% (1%) 1% 1%
Govt spreads -50bps 1% 0% n.a. n.a. 1% 2%
Govt spreads +50bps 0% (0%) n.a. n.a. (1%) (2%)
Non-govt spreads -50bps 0% 1% (1%) 0% 1% 1%
Non-govt spreads +50bps 0% (1%) 1% (1%) (1%) (0%)
US Credit Defaults 3 ~5x long-term average (6%) (7%) (17%) (16%) n.a. n.a.
US Credit Migration on 
10% of assets 4 1 big letter downgrade (1%) (3%) (4%) (6%) n.a. n.a.
Longevity +5% (2%) (4%) (7%) (8%) (1%) (0%)
1 Group sensitivities don't include the impact from Aegon's stake in a.s.r.
2 The sensitivities are presented on a Solvency II equivalent basis, after application of the conversion methodology to US regulated (life) companies.
3 Defaults equivalent to five times the long-term average over a 12 month period, of which one fifth is reflected in operating capital generation and the 
remainder in this scenario; equivalent to a 1-in-10 scenario.
4 Downgrade of 10% of the US general account by one big rating letter, equivalent to a 1-in-10 scenario.
Capital and liquidity management
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 91

[page 92]
Spread sensitivities
The non-government spread sensitivities include shocks 
on corporate bonds and structured instruments. Overall, 
Aegon is exposed to the risk of widening credit spreads, 
which results in lower asset valuations. 
The solvency ratio of the Americas shows little impact 
from spread widening/narrowing, driven by a higher/lower 
discount rate used for valuing employee pension plan 
liabilities offset by the negative/positive impact of lower 
fixed-income asset values.
Exposure to government spread sensitivities is driven 
by SE Plc, which is exposed to spreads widening due to 
the reduced value of fixed-income assets.
Credit default and migration sensitivities
Credit sensitivities reflect the 1-in-10 impact of defaults and 
migrations separately. Defaults represent the annual impact 
of a default level five times the long-term average with one- 
fifth reflected in operating capital generation and the 
remainder as a shock impact. Ratings migrations are 
equivalent to 10% of the general account portfolio dropping 
one letter grade. Under the default sensitivity, credit 
impairments reduce the value of credit exposures and 
increase the required capital. The downward rating 
migrations of credit instruments increase the amount of 
required capital.
Longevity sensitivities
All main business units contribute to the company-wide risk 
that people will live longer than the expectations embedded 
in our provisions.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
92 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 93]
Regulation and supervision
Individually regulated Aegon companies are subject to 
prudential supervision in their respective home countries 
and therefore must maintain a minimum solvency margin in 
accordance with local requirements. In addition, Aegon as 
a whole is subject to prudential requirements on a group 
basis, including capital, internal governance, risk 
management, reporting, and disclosure requirements.
Applicable regulatory regime
Aegon Ltd. has its legal domicile in Bermuda, and Aegon’s 
group supervision is exercised by the Bermuda Monetary 
Authority (BMA) and, accordingly, the relevant Bermudian 
laws and regulations concerning group supervision are 
applicable.
Single-entity level Solvency II supervision is applicable 
in respect of Aegon’s regulated EEA insurance entities in 
Spain and Portugal. Aegon’s Asset Management activities 
in the Netherlands are supervised by the Dutch Authority 
for the Financial Markets (AFM) and the Dutch Central Bank 
(DNB).
In addition, the UK Prudential Regulatory Authority exercises 
subgroup supervision over entities established in the United 
Kingdom as subsidiaries of Aegon under the relevant 
provisions of the UK regulatory regime for insurers. 
In the United States, Transamerica adheres to the RBC 
framework, supervision is exercised by local state 
regulators, and subgroup supervision is exercised by 
the Iowa Insurance Division.
For other regulated subsidiaries, the applicable regulatory 
regime and legal requirements apply. Among others, this 
comprises Bermuda regulated entities.
At its Capital Markets Day held on December 10, 2025, 
Aegon announced its decision to relocate its head office 
and legal domicile to the US. Lead and scope of group 
supervision will be re-assessed by relevant regulators 
at the time of the redomiciliation, which may affect Aegon’s 
group solvency approach.
Group supervision
The Bermuda Insurance Act 1978, the Bermuda Insurance 
Group Supervision Rules 2011, and related regulations 
provide the BMA with broad authority to perform its 
group supervisor role with a wide range of functions 
and supervisory activities, including but not limited 
to (i) coordinating the gathering of information and 
dissemination of relevant or essential information for going 
concerns and emergency situations (including information 
that is important for the supervisory task of other competent 
authorities), (ii) reviewing and assessing the financial 
situation of the group, (iii) assessing the compliance with 
the rules on solvency and risk concentration and intra-group 
transactions of the group, (iv) assessing the system of 
governance of the group, (v) planning and coordinating 
supervisory activities in cooperation with other competent 
authorities, (vi) coordinating any enforcement action 
against the group and its members, and (vii) planning and 
coordinating meetings of the college of supervisors 
of Aegon. Bermuda’s regulatory regime is well recognized, 
having been granted equivalent status by the EU under 
the Solvency II regime and by the United Kingdom under 
its own UK Solvency II regime. It has also been designated as 
a qualified jurisdiction and reciprocal jurisdiction by the US 
National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC).
Group solvency
In Bermuda, Aegon’s group solvency ratio and surplus under 
the Bermuda solvency framework is broadly aligned with 
that under the previously applied Solvency II framework 
during a transition period until the end of 2027. Aegon will 
apply an aggregation approach to calculate its group 
solvency under the Bermuda solvency framework after this 
transition period.
Insurance companies are required to determine technical 
provisions at a value that corresponds with the current 
exit value of their obligations towards policyholders and 
other beneficiaries of insurance and reinsurance contracts. 
The calculation of the technical provisions is based on 
market-consistent information where possible. The value of 
the technical provisions equals the sum of the best estimate 
and the risk margin. The discount rate used to calculate 
technical provisions, along with other parameters, may 
significantly affect the level and volatility of own funds 
(the excess of assets over liabilities).
Insurers and reinsurers are required to hold eligible funds 
to ensure they can meet their obligations over the next 12 
months with a probability of at least 99.5% (that is, withstand 
a 1-in-200-year event). This objective is called the Solvency 
Capital Requirement (SCR). Insurance companies are 
allowed to use: (a) a standard formula to calculate their SCR, 
(b) a self-developed internal model for which the approval of 
supervisory authorities is required, or (c) a partial internal 
capital model (PICM), a combination of the standard formula 
and an internal model that also requires approval of 
supervisory authorities. An internal model should better 
reflect the insurance company's actual risk profile than 
the standard formula. Aegon Ltd. uses a PICM to calculate 
the SCR. In addition to the SCR, insurance companies must 
also calculate a Minimum Capital Requirement (MCR). 
This represents a lower level of financial security than 
the SCR, below which the insurance company's eligible own 
funds may not fall.
Regulation and supervision
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 93

[page 94]
An irreparable breach of the MCR would lead to the 
withdrawal of an insurance company’s license. Insurance 
companies are required to hold eligible own funds against 
the SCR and MCR.
During the transition period, Aegon uses a combination of 
two methods - Accounting Consolidation and Deduction & 
Aggregation - to calculate the Group Solvency ratio. 
For insurance entities domiciled outside the EEA or UK, 
such as the United States, Aegon uses the Deduction 
and Aggregation method, based on local regulatory 
requirements, to translate these into the Group Solvency 
position. US insurance entities are included in Aegon’s 
group solvency calculation in accordance with local US Risk- 
Based Capital requirements. Actual solvency levels are 
included in note 37 Capital management and solvency 
in Aegon's consolidated financial statements. Aegon's UK 
insurance subsidiaries have been incorporated into Aegon’s 
Solvency calculation in accordance with Solvency UK 
standards, including Aegon UK's approved PlCM.
Designation as Internationally Active 
Insurance Group
Aegon is an Internationally Active Insurance Group (IAIG) in 
accordance with the principles of ComFrame (the Common 
Framework for the Supervision of IAIGs). The provisions of 
ComFrame must be incorporated into local legislation to 
have a binding effect. To the extent Bermudian regulations 
require these provisions for IAIGs, these provisions are 
applicable. This also applies to the Insurance Capital 
Standard (ICS), which is being developed as a consolidated 
group-wide capital standard for IAIGs. The ultimate goal of 
the ICS is a single ICS that includes a standard methodology 
by which it achieves comparable outcomes across 
jurisdictions. The key elements of the ICS include valuation, 
capital resources, and capital requirements. Ongoing work 
is intended to improve convergence over time. The ICS was 
adopted by the International Association of Insurance 
Supervisors (IAIS) at its Annual General Meeting 
in December 2024.
Bermuda’s group supervision framework reflects 
international developments and principles for insurance 
group supervision adopted by the IAIS. The Insurance 
Amendment Act 2021 introduced the concept of an IAIG 
to meet the principles and standards of ComFrame. 
The Insurance Amendment Act 2021 amended the 
Insurance Act 1978 to make provision for supervisory 
requirements relating to the administration of IAIGs 
in Bermuda. Once designated as an IAIG, the IAIG is subject 
to any rules that the BMA may make prescribing prudential 
or technical standards to the IAIG and will continue 
to be subject to any other group supervision requirements.
Aegon closely monitors all regulatory requirements 
resulting from its designation as an IAIG. For example, 
Aegon has noted the BMA Insurance Prudential Standards 
Recovery Plan Rules 2024. These rules aim to ensure that 
insurers prepare for a range of potentially adverse 
scenarios ahead of any severe stress condition. These rules 
went into effect on May 1, 2025.
In November 2019, the IAIS adopted the Holistic Framework 
for the assessment and mitigation of systemic risk in the 
insurance sector. The Holistic Framework consists of 
an enhanced set of supervisory policy measures and 
powers of intervention, an annual IAIS global monitoring 
exercise, and an assessment of consistent implementation 
of supervisory measures. The provisions of the Holistic 
Framework must be incorporated into local legislation to 
have a binding effect.
Aegon’s designation as IAIG may evolve over time as its 
transformation continues.
Future laws and regulations
Aegon has taken note of reforms to Bermuda’s prudential 
regime. Aegon continues to closely monitor all regulatory 
requirements and changes to them, both at the consolidated 
level and at the level of individual regulated subsidiaries. 
In addition to prudential regulatory requirements, this 
includes ESG-related legislation, such as the EU Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive, the Taxonomy Regulation, 
and the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
94 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 95]
Code of Conduct
Aegon’s Code of Conduct embodies the company’s values 
and helps ensure that all employees act ethically and 
responsibly. It is available at www.aegon.com/coc.
It prescribes a mandatory set of standards for how 
Aegon employees should conduct business, comply 
with all applicable laws and regulations, and exercise 
sound judgment in reaching ethical business decisions 
in the long-term interests of Aegon’s stakeholders.
Aegon’s Code of Conduct applies to all Directors, officers, 
and employees of all Aegon companies around the world 
(regardless of the contractual basis of their employment), 
including associate companies and joint ventures that are 
majority-owned and/or controlled by Aegon Ltd. Companies 
in which Aegon does not hold a majority stake will be 
expected to either adopt the Aegon Code of Conduct 
or implement an equivalent code.
All Aegon employees must certify that they have read and 
understood the Code of Conduct and agree to abide by it. 
Employees are also required to complete mandatory 
training regularly to help embed the principles of the Code 
in their work.
Any waivers to the Aegon Code made to Directors or 
Executive Officers must be approved by the Aegon Ltd. 
Board of Directors or its Audit Committee. Waivers may 
only be granted in exceptional circumstances and will be 
promptly disclosed to our shareholders in accordance with 
applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. Aegon 
has elected to comply with home-country practice and 
disclose any waivers to the Aegon Code in the Form 20-F, 
rather than disclosing such waivers to shareholders within 
four business days under the NYSE rules. No waivers were 
requested or given during 2025.
Aegon Speak Up: Reporting misconduct
Breaches of laws and regulations, the Code of Conduct, 
or internal policies and procedures may have serious 
consequences for the company and its staff, customers, 
shareholders, and business partners, and may also have 
a profound impact on the financial system or the public 
interest. Aegon aims to be a trusted long-term partner to 
all its stakeholders. Therefore, the company would like to 
be made aware of any suspected unlawful, unethical, or 
otherwise improper conduct that could harm the company 
and its stakeholders. Effective detection and resolution of 
such conduct will help sustain its business and ensure 
long-term value creation for all stakeholders.
Aegon implemented Aegon Speak Up to demonstrate 
its commitment to staff and other stakeholders by 
encouraging them to report any concerns about potential 
misconduct and to ensure it will not tolerate reprisals for 
raising such concerns.
Aegon Speak Up provides a safe environment for anyone 
who wishes to raise a concern about suspected or observed 
misconduct that involves Aegon.
For this purpose, Aegon has engaged an independent third 
party to host a secure reporting channel for employees and 
others to report potential misconduct. Reports can be 
submitted online or via toll-free telephone lines in all 
countries where Aegon conducts business (24 hours a day, 
7 days a week). Reporters can choose to remain anonymous. 
If an issue is found upon investigation, appropriate 
management action is taken to resolve it and prevent it 
from happening again.
It is important that people feel supported and protected 
by the company when bringing issues to management that 
may harm the company's reputation and integrity, its 
employees, or other stakeholders. Aegon has established 
specific measures to provide support and to prevent 
and/or address situations that present a risk of reprisal. 
Reporters who believe they have experienced retaliation are 
encouraged to immediately bring the issue to the attention 
of the Group Compliance Officer, either directly or through 
our Speak Up program.
Code of Conduct
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 95

[page 96]
Conformity Statement
The Board is responsible for preparing the financial 
statements and the Annual Report in accordance with Dutch 
and Bermuda law and the International Financial Reporting 
Standards, as adopted by the European Union (IFRS).
As required by section 5:25c of the Dutch Financial 
Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht (Wft)), 
the Board of Directors confirms that, to the best of 
its knowledge:
 
The Aegon Ltd. financial statements have been prepared 
in accordance with applicable accounting standards and 
give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial 
condition, and profit or loss of the company and the 
undertakings included in the consolidation as a whole.
 The report of the Board gives a true and fair view 
of the position at the reporting date of the company, 
the development and performance of the business 
during the financial year, and the undertakings included 
in the consolidation as a whole, together with a description 
of the principal risks and uncertainties that the company 
faces.
Aegon's risk management and control systems provide 
reasonable assurance for the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of 
Aegon's financial statements. They cannot, however, 
provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of Aegon's 
financial statements can be prevented or detected.
Schiphol, the Netherlands, March 25, 2026
The Board of Aegon Ltd.
Lard Friese, CEO, Executive Director 
David Herzog, Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Albert Benchimol, Director 
Mark A. Ellman, Director 
Karen Fawcett, Director 
Lori Fouché, Director 
Jack McGarry, Director 
Jay Ralph, Director 
Caroline Ramsay, Director 
Thomas Wellauer, Director 
Corien M. Wortmann, Director
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
96 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 97]
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 97

[page 98]
Table of contents
Consolidated financial statements of 
Aegon Ltd.
100 Consolidated income statement
101 Consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income
102 Consolidated statement of financial position
103 Consolidated statement of changes in equity
105 Consolidated cash flow statement
Notes to the consolidated 
financial statements
106 1 General information
106 2 Material accounting policies information
128 3 Critical accounting estimates and judgment 
in applying accounting policies
129 4 Financial risks
151 5 Segment information
158 6 Insurance revenue
159 7 Insurance service expenses
159 8 Net income / (expenses) on reinsurance held
160 9 Insurance net investment result
166 10 Other net investment result
167 11 Financing net investment result
167 12 Fees and commission income
168 13 Other operating expenses
170 14 Other income/(charges)
171 15 Income tax
172 16 Earnings per share
172 17 Dividend per common share
173 18 Cash and cash equivalents
174 19 Investments
175 20 Derivatives
180 21 Investments in joint ventures and associates
183 22 Deferred expenses
183 23 Other assets and receivables
184 24 Intangible assets
186 25 Shareholders’ equity
190 26 Other equity instruments
191 27 Subordinated borrowings
191 28 Trust pass-through securities
192 29 (Re)Insurance contracts and investment 
contracts with discretionary participation 
features
205 30 Investment contracts without discretionary 
participation features
205 31 Borrowings
206 32 Provisions
206 33 Defined benefit plans
211 34 Deferred tax
213 35 Other liabilities
213 36 Accruals
213 37 Capital management and solvency
216 38 Fair value
224 39 Commitments and contingencies
226 40 Transfers of financial assets
228
41 Offsetting, enforceable master netting 
arrangements, and similar agreements
229 42 Companies and businesses acquired and 
divested
230 43 Group companies
231 44 Related party transactions
233 45 Events after the reporting period
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
98 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 99]
Financial statements of Aegon Ltd.
234 Income statement of Aegon Ltd.
235 Statement of financial position of Aegon Ltd.
Notes to the financial statements of 
Aegon Ltd.
236 1 General information
236 2 Material accounting policies information
236 3 Investment income
236 4 Results from financial transactions
236 5 Commissions and expenses
236 6 Interest charges and related fees
237 7 Income tax
237 8 Shares in group companies
237 9 Loans to group companies
237 10 Non-current assets
237 11 Receivables
238 12 Other current assets
238 13 Share capital
238 14 Shareholders’ equity
239 15 Other equity instruments
239 16 Provisions
240 17 Subordinated borrowings
240 18 Long-term borrowings
240 19 Defined benefit plans
241 20 Other non-current liabilities
241 21 Current liabilities
241 22 Commitments and contingencies
241 23 Number of employees
241 24 Auditor's remuneration
242 25 Events after the reporting period
242 26 Proposal for profit appropriation
243 Independent auditor’s report
Other information
251 Profit appropriation
252 Major shareholders
Additional information
256 Overview of Americas
263 Overview of United Kingdom
266 Overview of International
270 Overview of Aegon Asset Management
272 Risk factors Aegon Ltd.
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 99

[page 100]
Consolidated income statement
For the year ended December 31
Amounts in EUR millions (except per share data) Note 2025 2024 2023
Continuing operations
Insurance revenue 6 9,097 9,841 10,386
Insurance service expenses 7, 13 (9,423) (9,790) (10,226)
Net income / (expenses) on reinsurance held 8 836 325 182
Insurance service result 511 376 342
Interest revenue on financial instruments calculated using the effective 
interest method 2,683 2,720 2,738
Interest income from instruments measured at FVPL 615 637 737
Other investment income 1,198 1,340 1,283
Results from financial transactions 15,632 11,593 12,302
Impairment (losses) / reversals (46) (190) (86)
Insurance finance income / (expenses) (20,227) (16,506) (17,650)
Net reinsurance finance income / (expenses) on reinsurance held 564 611 699
Interest expenses (135) (171) (218)
Insurance net investment result 9 285 34 (196)
Interest revenue on financial instruments calculated using the effective 
interest method 636 605 599
Interest income from instruments measured at FVPL 217 186 89
Other investment income 825 729 550
Results from financial transactions 10,065 7,634 6,929
Impairment (losses) / reversals (22) (47) (33)
Investment contract income / (expenses) (11,372) (8,781) (7,851)
Interest expenses (18) (32) (45)
Other net investment result 10 331 294 238
Interest charges (178) (190) (182)
Financing net investment result 11 (178) (190) (182)
Total net investment result 438 139 (139)
Fees and commission income 12 2,390 2,378 2,163
Other operating expenses 13 (2,928) (2,961) (3,000)
Other income / (charges) 14 130 145 (57)
Other result (408) (438) (894)
Result before share in profit / (loss) of joint ventures, associates 
and tax 541 77 (691)
Share in profit / (loss) of joint ventures
303 238 196
Share in profit / (loss) of associates 200 345 103
Result before tax from continuing operations 1,045 660 (391)
Income tax (expense) / benefit 15 (65) 16 209
Net result from continuing operations 980 676 (182)
Discontinued operations
Net result from discontinued operations - - (17)
Net result from continuing and discontinued operations 980 676 (199)
Net income/ (loss) attributable to:
Owners of Aegon Ltd. 977 688 (179)
Non-controlling interests 3 (12) (20)
Earnings per share from continuing and discontinued operations 1 16
Basic earnings per common share 0.59 0.37 (0.12)
Basic earnings per common share B 0.01 0.01 -
Diluted earnings per common share 0.59 0.37 (0.12)
Diluted earnings per common share B 0.01 0.01 -
Earnings per share from continuing operations 1
Basic earnings per common share from continuing operations 0.59 0.37 (0.11)
Basic earnings per common share B from continuing operations 0.01 0.01 -
Diluted earnings per common share from continuing operations 0.59 0.37 (0.11)
Diluted earnings per common share B from continuing operations 0.01 0.01 -
1  Earnings per share is calculated as net result divided by number of shares outstanding.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
100 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 101]
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
For the year ended December 31
Amounts in EUR millions Note 2025 2024 2023
Net result from continuing and discontinued operations 980 676 (199)
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Gains/ (losses) on investments in equity instruments (FVOCI) - 1 -
Changes in revaluation reserve real estate held for own use 1 (1) (2)
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans 9 (6) (160)
Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified (4) 1 30
Discontinued operations that will not be reclassified - - 38
Insurance items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or 
loss:
Unrealized gains / (losses) on financial assets (FVOCI) 9 1,331 (1,101) 1,311
Realized gains / (losses) on disposal of financial assets (FVOCI) 9 312 70 577
Insurance finance income / (expenses) 9 (833) 2,250 (1,626)
Reinsurance finance income / (expenses) 9 119 (556) 349
Changes in cash flow hedging reserve (209) (217) (185)
Income tax relating to items that may be reclassified (156) (86) (95)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Unrealized gains / (losses) on financial assets (FVOCI) 274 (86) 225
Realized gains / (losses) on disposal of financial assets (FVOCI) 31 12 129
Changes in cash flow hedging reserve (16) 5 (7)
Movements in foreign currency translation and net foreign investment 
hedging reserves (447) 224 (85)
Equity movements of joint ventures 3 (27) (2)
Equity movements of associates 56 85 (7)
Disposal (1) (1) -
Disposal of group assets 42 (2) (11) (9)
Income tax relating to items that may be reclassified (62) 22 (72)
Discontinued operations that may be reclassified - - 12
Other 6 (5) -
Total other comprehensive income / (loss) 412 573 421
Total comprehensive income / (loss) 1,392 1,248 222
Total comprehensive income/ (loss) attributable to:
Owners of Aegon Ltd. 1,403 1,253 259
Non-controlling interests (11) (4) (37)
Consolidated financial statements of Aegon Ltd.
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 101

[page 102]
Consolidated statement of financial position
On December 31
Lard Friese 
Chief Executive Officer
Amounts in EUR millions Note 2025 2024
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents 18 2,733 3,469
Investments 19 285,141 293,716
Derivatives 20 485 771
Investments in joint ventures 21 1,566 1,503
Investments in associates 21 2,638 3,122
Reinsurance contract assets 29 17,153 16,021
Insurance contract assets 29 18 125
Defined benefit assets 33 95 110
Reimbursement rights 33 28 9
Deferred tax assets 34 1,894 2,439
Deferred expenses 22 452 490
Other assets and receivables 23 4,508 5,040
Intangible assets 24 519 575
Total assets 317,233 327,390
Equity and liabilities
Shareholders' equity 25 7,432 7,215
Other equity instruments 26 1,978 1,972
Issued capital and reserves attributable to owners of Aegon Ltd. 9,410 9,187
Non-controlling interests 85 126
Group equity 9,495 9,313
Subordinated borrowings 27 1,461 1,653
Trust pass-through securities 28 99 113
Reinsurance contract liabilities 29 195 303
Insurance contract liabilities 29 176,067 188,359
Investment contract liabilities with discretionary participation features 29 21,281 22,332
Investment contracts without discretionary participation features 30 97,814 91,669
Derivatives 20 1,469 2,435
Borrowings 31 1,982 3,013
Provisions 32 97 98
Defined benefit liabilities 33 507 576
Deferred gains 5 6
Deferred tax liabilities 34 13 64
Other liabilities 35 6,445 7,124
Accruals 36
303 332
Total liabilities 307,738 318,077
Total equity and liabilities 317,233 327,390
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
102 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 103]
Consolidated statement of changes in equity
For the year ended December 31, 2025
For the year ended December 31, 2024
Amounts in EUR millions
Share 
capital
Retained 
earnings
Revaluation 
reserves
Remeasurement 
of defined 
benefit plans
Other 
reserves
Other 
equity 
instruments
Issued 
capital and 
reserves 1
Non- 
controlling 
interests Total
On January 1, 2025 7,094 3,949 (3,706) (1,072) 951 1,972 9,187 126 9,313
Net result recognized in the income statement - 977 - - - - 977 3 980
Other comprehensive income:
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Changes in revaluation reserve real estate held for own use - - 1 - - - 1 - 1
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans - - - 9 - - 9 - 9
Disposal of group assets - 1 (1) - - - - - -
Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified - - - (4) - - (4) - (4)
Insurance items that may be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss
Unrealized gains / (losses) on financial assets (FVOCI) - - 1,331 - - - 1,331 - 1,331
Realized gains / (losses) on disposal of financial assets (FVOCI) - - 312 - - - 312 - 312
Insurance finance income / (expenses) - - (833) - - - (833) - (833)
Reinsurance finance income / (expenses) - - 119 - - - 119 - 119
Changes in cash flow hedging reserve - - (209) - - - (209) - (209)
Income tax relating to items that may be reclassified - - (156) -
- - (156) - (156)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Unrealized gains / (losses) on financial assets (FVOCI) - - 274 - - - 274 - 274
Realized gains / (losses) on disposal of financial assets (FVOCI) - - 31 - - - 31 - 31
Changes in cash flow hedging reserve - - (16) - - - (16) - (16)
Movements in foreign currency translation and net foreign 
investment hedging reserves - - 413 101 (947) - (434) (14) (447)
Equity movements of joint ventures - - - - 3 - 3 - 3
Equity movements of associates - - - - 56 - 56 - 56
Disposal - 15 - - (17) - (1) - (1)
Disposal of group assets - - - - (2) - (2) - (2)
Income tax relating to items that may be reclassified - - (62) - - - (62) - (62)
Other - 23 (17) - - - 6 - 6
Total other comprehensive income / (loss) - 40 1,187 106 (907) - 425 (14) 412
Total comprehensive income / (loss) - 1,017 1,187 106 (907) - 1,403 (11) 1,392
Shares withdrawn (12) 12 - - - - -
- -
Issuance and purchase of treasury shares - (510) - - - - (510) - (510)
Dividends paid on common shares - (596) - - - - (596) - (596)
Dividend withholding tax reduction - 1 - - - - 1 - 1
Coupons on perpetual securities - (53) - - - - (53) - (53)
Incentive plans - (28) - - - 6 (22) - (22)
Change in ownership non-controlling interest - - - - - - - (30) (30)
On December 31, 2025 (note 25,26) 7,082 3,792 (2,519) (966) 43 1,978 9,410 85 9,495
1 Issued capital and reserves attributable to owners of Aegon Ltd.
Amounts in EUR millions
Share 
capital
Retained 
earnings
Revaluation 
reserves
Remeasurement 
of defined 
benefit plans
Other 
reserves
Other 
equity 
instruments
Issued capital 
and reserves 1
Non- 
controlling 
interests Total
On January 1, 2024 7,118 4,753 (3,770) (1,006) 379 1,951 9,426 129 9,554
Net result recognized in the income statement - 688 - - - - 688 (12) 676
Other comprehensive income:
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Gains/ (losses) on invesments in equity instruments (FVOCI) - - 1 - - - 1 - 1
Changes in revaluation reserve real estate held for own use - - (1) - - - (1) - (1)
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans - - - (6) - - (6) - (6)
Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified - - - 1 - - 1 - 1
Insurance items that may be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss
Unrealized gains / (losses) on financial assets (FVOCI) - - (1,101) - - - (1,101) - (1,101)
Realized gains / (losses) on disposal of financial assets (FVOCI) - - 70 - - - 70 - 70
Insurance finance income / (expenses) - - 2,250 - - - 2,250 - 2,250
Reinsurance finance income / (expenses) - - (556) - - - (556) - (556)
Changes in cash flow hedging reserve - - (217) - - - (217) - (217)
Income tax relating to items that may be reclassified - - (86) - - - (86) - (86)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Unrealized gains / (losses) on financial assets (FVOCI) - - (86) - - - (86) - (86)
Realized gains / (losses) on disposal of financial assets (FVOCI) - - 12 - - - 12 - 12
Changes in cash flow hedging reserve - - 5 - - - 5 - 5
Movements in foreign currency translation and net foreign 
investment hedging reserves - - (242) (60) 518 - 216 8 224
Equity movements of joint ventures - - - - (27) - (27) - (27)
Equity movements of associates - - - - 85 - 85 -
85
Disposal - - - - (1) - (1) - (1)
Disposal of group assets - - - - (12) - (11) - (11)
Income tax relating to items that may be reclassified - - 15 - 7 - 22 - 22
Other - (5) - - - - (5) - (5)
Total other comprehensive income / (loss) - (5) 64 (66) 572 - 565 8 573
Total comprehensive income / (loss) - 683 64 (66) 572 - 1,253 (4) 1,248
Shares withdrawn (24) 24 - - - - - - -
Issuance and purchase of treasury shares - (887) - - - - (887) - (887)
Dividends paid on common shares - (521) - - - - (521) - (521)
Dividend withholding tax reduction - 3 - - - - 3 - 3
Coupons on perpetual securities - (77) - - - - (77) - (77)
Incentive plans - (31) - - - 21 (10) - (10)
Change in ownership non-controlling interest - - - - - - - 2 2
On December 31, 2024 (note 25,26) 7,094 3,949 (3,706) (1,072) 951 1,972 9,187 126 9,313
1 Issued capital and reserves attributable to owners of Aegon Ltd.
Consolidated financial statements of Aegon Ltd.
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 103

[page 104]
Consolidated statement of changes in equity
For the year ended December 31, 2023
Amounts in EUR millions
Share 
capital
Retained 
earnings
Revaluation 
reserves
Remeasurement 
of defined 
benefit plans
Other 
reserves
Other 
equity 
instruments
Reserve of 
discontinued 
operations 
held for sale
Issued capital 
and reserves 1
Non- 
controlling 
interests Total
On January 1, 2023 7,172 7,103 (4,532) (890) 653 1,943 (691) 10,758 176 10,935
Net result recognized in the income statement - (179) - - - - - (179) (20) (199)
Other comprehensive income:
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Changes in revaluation reserve real estate held for 
own use - - (2) - - - - (2) - (2)
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans - - - (160) - - - (160) - (160)
Disposal of group assets - (634) - - - - 634 - - -
Income tax relating to items that will not be 
reclassified - - - 30 - - - 30 - 30
Discontinued operations that will not be reclassified 2 - - - - - - 38 38 - 38
Insurance items that may be reclassified 
subsequently to profit or loss
Unrealized gains / (losses) on financial assets (FVOCI) - - 1,311 - - - - 1,311 - 1,311
Realized gains / (losses) on disposal of financial assets 
(FVOCI) - - 577 - - - - 577 - 577
Insurance finance income / (expenses) - - (1,626) - - - - (1,626) - (1,626)
Reinsurance finance income / (expenses) - - 349 - -
- - 349 - 349
Changes in cash flow hedging reserve - - (185) - - - - (185) - (185)
Income tax relating to items that may be reclassified - - (95) - - - - (95) - (95)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss:
Unrealized gains / (losses) on financial assets (FVOCI) - - 225 - - - - 225 - 225
Realized gains / (losses) on disposal of financial assets 
(FVOCI) - - 129 - - - - 129 - 129
Changes in cash flow hedging reserve - - (7) - - - - (7) - (7)
Movements in foreign currency translation and net 
foreign investment hedging reserves - - 142 14 (236) - - (80) (5) (85)
Equity movements of joint ventures - - - - (2) - - (2) - (2)
Equity movements of associates - - - - (7) - - (7) - (7)
Disposal of group assets - 9 20 - (32) - 7 4 (12) (9)
Income tax relating to items that may be reclassified - - (75) - 3 - - (72) - (72)
Discontinued operations that may be reclassified 2 - - - - - - 12 12 - 12
Other - - - - -
- - - 1 -
Total other comprehensive income / (loss) - (625) 762 (116) (274) - 691 438 (17) 421
Total comprehensive income / (loss) - (804) 762 (116) (274) - 691 259 (37) 222
Shares withdrawn (54) 54 - - - - - - - -
Issuance and purchase of treasury shares - (1,052) - - - - - (1,052) - (1,052)
Dividends paid on common shares - (495) - - - - - (495) - (495)
Dividend withholding tax reduction - 1 - - - - - 1 - 1
Coupons on perpetual securities - (48) - - - - - (48) - (48)
Incentive plans - (5) - - - 8 - 3 - 3
Change in ownership non-controlling interest - - - - - - - - (11) (11)
On December 31, 2023 (note 25,26) 7,118 4,753 (3,770) (1,006) 379 1,951 - 9,426 129 9,554
1 Issued capital and reserves attributable to owners of Aegon Ltd.
2 The lines "Discontinued operations that will not be reclassified" and "Discontinued operations that may be reclassified" include EUR 675 million and EUR 16 million, respectively, of 
reclassifications from opening reserves to the column "Reserve of discontinued operations held for sale."
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
104 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 105]
Consolidated cash flow statement
For the year ended December 31
The cash flow statement is prepared according to the indirect method.
Amounts in EUR millions Note 2025 2024 2023
Result before tax from continuing operations 1,045 660 (391)
Result before tax from discontinued operations - - 518
Impairment loss on measurement of disposal group - - (458)
Result before tax from continuing and discontinued operations 1,045 660 (331)
Results from financial transactions (26,228) (20,665) (20,540)
Amortization and depreciation (167) (31) (163)
Impairment losses 69 237 116
Results from (re)insurance contracts and investment contracts with 
discretionary participation features
19,152 15,519 17,673
Income from joint ventures (303) (238) (200)
Income from associates (200) (345) (118)
Release of cash flow hedging reserve (127) (124) (130)
Other 187 445 877
Adjustments of non-cash items (7,618) (5,201) (2,484)
Investment contracts without discretionary participation features 13,774 12,760 9,742
Accrued expenses and other liabilities 95 (586) (442)
Accrued income and prepayments (156) (71) 1,325
Changes in accruals 13,713 12,102 10,626
Insurance contracts (11,333) (11,904) (11,770)
Investment contracts with discretionary participation features (2,744) (2,525) (2,030)
Reinsurance contracts held (1,681) 1,869 923
Purchase of investments (other than money market investments) (65,066) (48,545) (43,445)
Purchase of derivatives 46 (64) (1,011)
Disposal of investments (other than money market investments) 74,296 52,606 52,576
Disposal of derivatives (188) (107) (1,612)
Net change in cash collateral (8) (1,282) 1,592
Net purchase of money market investments (94) 3,244 (1,853)
Cash flow movements on operating items not reflected in income (6,771) (6,708) (6,631)
Tax (paid)/ received 76 (80) (321)
Other (10) (12) 4
Net cash flows from operating activities 18 434 762 864
Purchase of intangible assets (other than future servicing rights) (13) (15) (51)
Purchase of equipment and real estate for own use (41) (51) (65)
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash (13) (41) (34)
Acquisition/capital contributions joint ventures and associates (82) (8) (253)
Disposal of intangible asset - - 3
Disposal of equipment 5 20 46
Disposal of subsidiaries and businesses, net of cash (2) 19 (1,964)
Disposal joint ventures and associates 756 37 12
Dividend received from joint ventures and associates 400 340 310
Other - (1) -
Net cash flows from investing activities 18 1,010 300 (1,996)
Purchase of treasury shares (549) (925) (1,072)
Proceeds from TRUPS , subordinated borrowings and borrowings1 946 700 2,670
Repayment of TRUPS , subordinated loans and borrowings1 (1,707) (909) (4,230)
Dividends paid (596) (521) (494)
Coupons on perpetual securities (67) (68) (65)
Payment of lease liabilities (33) (37) (39)
Change in ownership non-controlling interests (30) 2 (11)
Other 1 3 -
Net cash flows from financing activities 18 (2,035) (1,755) (3,241)
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 2 (591) (694) (4,373)
Net cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 3,469 4,074 8,486
Effects of changes in exchange rate (144) 88 (38)
Net cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 18 2,733 3,469 4,074
1 Trust pass-through securities.
2 Included in net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents are interest received EUR 3,877 million (2024: EUR 3,927 million, 2023: EUR 5,016 million), 
dividends received EUR 2,389 million (2024: EUR 2,387 million, 2023: EUR 2,254 million) and interest paid EUR 330 million (2024: EUR 405 million, 2023: EUR 
516 million). All included in operating activities except for dividend received from joint ventures and associates EUR 400 million (2024: EUR 340 million, 2023: 
EUR 310 million).
Consolidated financial statements of Aegon Ltd.
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 105

[page 106]
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
  
1 General information
Aegon Ltd. is an exempted company with liability limited by shares organized under the laws of Bermuda and registered with 
the Bermuda Registrar of Companies under number 202302830 and recorded in the Dutch Commercial Register under 
number 27076669. Aegon Ltd. has its registered address at Canon’s Court, 22 Victoria Street, Hamilton HM 12, Bermuda. 
The Bermuda Monetary Authority is Aegon's group supervisor.
Aegon Ltd. has its headquarters in the Netherlands at World Trade Center Schiphol, Schiphol Boulevard 223, 1118 BH 
Schiphol. At year-end 2025, Aegon Ltd. qualified as a non-resident company under Dutch law, certain Dutch law provisions 
remain applicable to it, including certain provisions of title 9 Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code regarding the preparation and 
publication of its annual accounts.
Aegon Ltd. serves as the holding company for the Aegon Group. Aegon's common shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam 
under the symbol 'AGN', which is the principal market, and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol 'AEG'. 
Aegon's common shares B are not listed to trade on any securities market. On Euronext Amsterdam, only Euronext registered 
shares may be traded. On NYSE, only New York Registry Shares may be traded.
Aegon Ltd. (or "the Company") and its subsidiaries ("Aegon" or "the Group") have life insurance and pensions operations 
and are also active in savings and asset management operations, accident and health insurance and general insurance. 
Aegon operates fully owned businesses in the United States, the United Kingdom and Spain, as well as operating the fully 
owned asset management and Transamerica Life (Bermuda) businesses. Aegon also operates partnerships in Spain & 
Portugal, China, and Brazil, and a strategic shareholding in the Netherlands. The Group employs around 15,300 people 
worldwide (2024: around 15,600).
Please note that the designation is uniformly Aegon Ltd. even if it was Aegon N.V. before October 1, 2023.
2 Material accounting policies information
2.1 Basis of presentation
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) as issued by the IASB and adopted by the European Union and with Title 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with historical cost convention as modified by the 
revaluation of investment properties and those financial instruments (including derivatives) and financial liabilities that have 
been measured at fair value, except for the following items, which are measured on an alternative basis at each reporting date:
The consolidated financial statements are presented in euros, and are rounded to the nearest million unless otherwise stated. 
As a consequence the rounded amounts may not add up to the rounded total. All ratios and variances are calculated using the 
unrounded amount. Management is required under IFRS to make estimates and assumptions affecting the reported amounts 
of assets and liabilities from the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for 
the reporting period. Estimates are inherently subject to change and actual results may differ from those estimates. Included 
among the material (or potentially material) reported amounts and disclosures that require extensive use of estimates are: 
insurance and reinsurance contracts as stated in the table above, fair value of certain invested assets and derivatives, 
purchased intangible assets, goodwill, pension plans, income taxes and the potential effects of resolving litigation matters. 
Aegon does not use the optional exemption under IFRS to group together specific insurance contracts issued more than 
12 months apart.
Certain amounts in prior period may have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. These 
reclassifications had no effect on net income, shareholders’ equity or earnings per share.
Item Measurement basis
Insurance and reinsurance contracts Fulfillment cash flows plus the CSM
Net defined benefit liability / (asset) Fair value of plan assets less the present value of the defined benefit 
obligations
Other impaired non-financial assets Higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use
Financial instruments held to collect financial cash flows Amortized cost
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
106 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 107]
The 2023 comparative numbers include amounts for discontinued operations, reflecting the sale of Aegon the Netherlands 
to a.s.r., completed in July 2023, as shown in Aegon's Annual Report 2023.
The consolidated financial statements of Aegon Ltd. were approved by the Board on March 25, 2026. The financial statements 
will be presented to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on June 10, 2026. In accordance with Bermuda law, the 
annual accounts are not adopted by the General Meeting but discussed with the General Meeting pursuant to our bye-laws.
2.1.1 Adoption of new IFRS accounting standards and amendments effective in 2025
The accounting policies used in the consolidated financial statements are unchanged from 2024, except for IFRS standards 
and amendments that became effective for Aegon since January 1, 2025 and have been endorsed by the European Union:
 
Amendments to IAS 21 The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates: Lack of Exchangeability (issued on August 15, 
2023)
The impact of the adoption of the amendments to other standards, listed above, was immaterial.
2.1.2 Future adoption of new IFRS accounting standards and amendments
The following standards and amendments to existing standards, published prior to January 1, 2026, were not early 
adopted by the Group, but will be applied in future years:
 Annual Improvements Volume 11 (issued on July 18, 2024) – effective January 1, 2026
 Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7: Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments (issued on May 30, 2024) – 
effective January 1, 2026
 IFRS 19 Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures (issued on May 9, 2024; and Amendments issued on 
August 21, 2025) – effective January 1, 2027
 
IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (issued on April 9, 2024) – effective January 1, 2027
 Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7: Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity (issued on December 18, 2024) – 
effective January 1, 2026
IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements introduces operating profit and profit before financing and 
income taxes subtotals in the Consolidated income statement. The standard introduces new classification rules for income 
and expenses, affecting presentation, but not the measurement of the underlying transactions. The Group is currently working 
to identify all impacts on the Financial Statements. The most important impacts are:
 Aegon has assessed and concluded that investing in assets is a main business activity of the Group;
 Classification of net interest expense on the net defined benefit liability in the financing category.
Furthermore, the standard introduces additional disclosure requirements for Management-defined Performance Measures 
and reconciliation of such measures to the closest IFRS defined measure in the Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements. Aegon identified operating result as a Management-defined Performance Measure.
The impact of other future amendments and standards on the financial statements is not material.
2.2 Basis of consolidation
Subsidiaries
The consolidated financial statements include the financial information of Aegon Ltd. and its subsidiaries. Subsidiaries 
(including consolidated structured entities) are entities over which Aegon has control.
The subsidiary’s assets, liabilities, contingent liabilities, and non-controlling interests are measured at fair value on the 
acquisition date (unless specific recognition or measurement exceptions apply under IFRS 3) and are subsequently accounted 
for under the Group’s accounting policies, consistent with IFRS. Intra-group transactions, including Aegon Ltd. shares held by 
subsidiaries, which are recognized as treasury shares in equity, are eliminated. Intra-group losses may be an indicator that 
an impairment exists in the consolidated financial statements. Non-controlling interests are initially stated at their share in 
the fair value of the net assets on the acquisition date and subsequently adjusted for the non-controlling share in changes in 
the subsidiary’s equity.
Subsidiaries are deconsolidated when control ceases to exist. Any difference between the net proceeds plus the fair value of 
any retained interest and the carrying amount of the subsidiary, including non-controlling interests, is recognized in the income 
statement.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 2
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 107

[page 108]
Investment funds
Investment funds managed by the Group are consolidated if the Group controls the investee. In assessing control, all interests 
held by the Group in the fund are considered, regardless of whether the financial risk related to the investment is borne by 
the Group or by the policyholders (unless a direct link between the policyholder and the fund can be assumed).
In determining whether Aegon has power over an investment fund all facts and circumstances are considered, including 
the following:
 Control structure of the asset manager (i.e. whether an Aegon subsidiary);
 The investment constraints posed by the investment mandate;
 Legal rights of the policyholder to the separate assets in the investment vehicle (e.g. policyholders could have the voting 
rights related to these investments);
 Governance structure, such as an independent Board of Directors, representing the policyholders, which has substantive 
rights (e.g. to elect or remove the asset manager); and
 Rights held by other parties (e.g. substantive voting rights of policyholders).
Exposure or rights to variability of returns may arise from, for example, investments where Aegon bears the risk; Aegon's 
investments where policyholders bear the risk; guarantees provided by Aegon on the return of policyholders in specific 
investment vehicles; fees dependent on fund value (e.g. asset management fees); and fees dependent on performance 
of the fund (e.g. performance fees).
Investment funds where Aegon acts as an agent are not consolidated due to lack of control. In particular, for some separate 
accounts, the independent Board of Directors has substantive rights, meaning Aegon does not have power over these 
separate accounts but acts as an agent.
For limited partnerships, the assessment takes into account Aegon’s legal position (i.e. limited partner or general partner) 
and any substantive removal rights held by other parties. Professional judgment is applied concerning the substantiveness of 
the removal rights and the magnitude of the exposure to variable returns, leading to the conclusion that Aegon controls some, 
but not all, of the limited partnerships in which it participates.
Upon consolidation of an investment fund, a liability is recognized to the extent that the Group is legally obliged to buy back 
participations held by third parties. The liability is presented as investment contracts. Where no repurchase obligation exists, 
the participations held by third parties are presented as non-controlling interests in equity. Assets allocated to participations 
held by third parties or by the Group on behalf of policyholders are presented as investments.
Equity instruments issued by the Group that are held by investment funds are eliminated on consolidation. This elimination 
is reflected in equity and not in the measurement of related financial liabilities toward policyholders or other third parties.
Structured entities
For structured entities as defined in IFRS 12, the control assessment per IFRS 10 focuses on the purpose and design 
of the investee (with relation to the relevant activities that most significantly affect the structured entity) and the exposure 
to variable returns, which for structured entities lies in interests through, for example derivatives, and will not be focused 
on entities that are controlled by voting rights.
Consolidated structured entities include affiliated captive insurance companies (captives) with which Aegon enters into 
reinsurance agreements for risk and capital management. External financing provided to captives to support statutory 
reserves is presented as Borrowings to the extent that it has been funded. Letters of credit issued by third parties to captives 
to provide collateral to affiliated insurers are disclosed in the Commitments and contingencies note. These letters of credit 
have been provided by third parties for the benefit of the affiliated company whose liabilities are reinsured.
Structured entities that are not consolidated include general account investments in non-affiliated structured entities 
that are used for investment purposes.
2.3 Foreign exchange translation
a) Translation of foreign currency transactions
Aegon’s consolidated financial statements are presented in euros. Items included in the financial statements of individual 
group companies are recorded in their respective functional currency which is the currency of the primary economic 
environment in which each entity operates. Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded at the exchange rate 
prevailing at the date of the transaction.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
108 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 109]
b) Translation of foreign currency operations
On consolidation, the financial statements of group entities with a foreign functional currency are translated to euros. 
Assets and liabilities are translated at closing rates on the reporting date. Income, expenses, and capital transactions 
(such as dividends) are translated at average exchange rates or at the prevailing rates on the transaction date, if more 
appropriate. Goodwill and fair value adjustments from the acquisition of a foreign entity are translated at the closing rates 
on the reporting date.
Resulting exchange differences are recognized in the "foreign currency translation reserve," within shareholders’ equity. 
On disposal of a foreign entity, related cumulative exchange differences included in the reserve are recognized in the income 
statement.
2.4 Insurance contracts
a) Scope
Insurance contracts are contracts under which the Group accepts a significant insurance risk – other than a financial risk – 
from a policyholder by agreeing to compensate the policyholder on the occurrence of an uncertain future event by which 
the policyholder will be adversely affected. Significant insurance risk is determined on a present-value basis, where at least 
one scenario with commercial substance can be identified where the Group pays significant additional benefits. For example, 
Aegon defines an additional benefit on death of at least 5% as significant. Additional benefits of less than 5% are considered 
on a case-by-case basis, taking into account all the characteristics of the contract. Insurance contracts include products 
offering policyholders the option to take out insurance coverage at predetermined prices, provided this option has 
commercial substance.
Contracts that do not meet the definition of insurance contracts are treated as financial instruments and discussed in 
note 2.8 Investment contracts with discretionary participation features.
b) Separating components from insurance contracts
At inception, the following components are separated from an insurance contract and accounted for as if they were 
standalone financial instruments:
 Embedded derivatives whose economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to those of the host contract, 
and whose terms would not meet the definition of an insurance contract as a standalone instrument; and
 Investment components (i.e. amounts that an insurance contract requires Aegon to repay to a policyholder, even if 
the insured event does not occur) that are distinct. In other words, investment components that:
 Do not meet the definition of an investment contract with discretionary participation features;
 Are not highly interrelated with the insurance component; and
 For which contracts with equivalent terms are sold, or could be sold, separately in the same market or jurisdiction.
Promises to transfer to a policyholder distinct goods or services other than insurance contract services, are also separated 
from the host contract and accounted for as a service contract.
Aegon has not identified any components of the insurance contracts recognized at the balance sheet date that require 
separation when publishing these financial statements.
c) Level of aggregation
Insurance contracts are grouped together for measurement and income recognition purposes. The groups are established 
at initial recognition and are not reassessed subsequently.
Portfolios
Aegon classifies contracts into one portfolio when they are subject to similar risks and are managed together.
When identifying similar risks, Aegon considers all insurance and financial risks that are transferred from the policyholder 
to the Group. Lapse risk or expense risk are not risks that a policyholder transfers to an insurer. Contracts in the same product 
line are in the same portfolio if they are managed together, and contracts in different product lines with dissimilar risks are in 
different portfolios.
Contracts must be managed together from the perspective of either the management of Aegon Ltd. or the management of 
its operating segments. Information that is used to assess how risks are managed includes Aegon’s internal management 
reporting, asset-liability management and asset allocation strategies.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 2
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 109

[page 110]
Groups
Contracts within a portfolio are segregated into groups based on their profitability at initial recognition. These include groups 
of insurance contracts that are onerous at initial recognition, and groups that are not onerous at initial recognition. The latter 
are further split into contracts with no significant possibility of becoming onerous in the future, and any remaining contracts 
in the portfolio, if applicable.
Aegon uses two approaches to identify groups of contracts. The first approach is a bottom-up assessment, where contracts 
are grouped together on a contract-by-contract basis by considering the expected profitability of each contract. Alternatively, 
Aegon completes the grouping assessment at a higher level of aggregation if reasonable and supportable information shows 
that a set of contracts will, by definition, all be in the same group.
Both approaches involve qualitative factors, quantitative factors, or a combination of both; for example, product pricing, 
assumption setting reviews, reserving, key performance indicators (such as the market-consistent value of the new business 
and expected loss ratios) and asset liability management and hedging strategies.
In assessing whether a profitable group of contracts could subsequently become onerous, Aegon considers the size of the 
estimated profit at inception and its sensitivity to changes in the underlying assumptions. Typically, Aegon expects that any 
insurance contract may become lossmaking if the insured event occurs.
If contracts within a portfolio would fall into different groups only because law or regulation specifically constrains Aegon’s 
practical ability to set a different price or level of benefits for policyholders with different characteristics, the contracts are 
included in the same group.
Cohorts
Aegon follows a quarterly reporting frequency on a locked-in period-to-date basis, as opposed to a year-to-date basis, 
and therefore groups contracts into quarterly cohorts. New contracts issued in the same quarter and belonging to the same 
group are measured together. After the quarter end, the cohort is closed and treated as "in force" in subsequent quarterly 
reporting periods.
d) Recognition
A group of insurance contracts is recognized from the earliest of the following dates: the beginning of the coverage period, 
the date when the first payment from a policyholder in the group of insurance contracts becomes due, and the date when 
the group of insurance contracts becomes onerous.
e) Insurance acquisition cash flows
Insurance acquisition cash flows arise from selling, underwriting, or starting a group of insurance contracts. They include 
incremental costs of originating insurance contracts, other (in)direct costs, and cash flows relating to both successful and 
unsuccessful acquisition efforts such as commissions and underwriting expenses that are directly attributable to the 
portfolio. Insurance revenue related to insurance acquisition cash flows is recognized on a pure passage of time basis.
f) Insurance contract types
For presentation and analysis purposes, Aegon distinguishes between life and non-life insurance contracts. Life insurance 
contracts comprise insurance contracts for which the primary insured risk is life contingent, as well as long-term-care 
insurance products in the Americas. Non-life insurance contracts include fire, motor, general liability, and disability and 
sickness insurance.
For measurement and income recognition purposes, Aegon classifies insurance contracts at initial recognition as with or 
without direct participation features, which are not subsequently reassessed. Aegon’s non-life business consists entirely 
of insurance contracts without direct participation features, while Aegon’s life insurance business includes both types of 
insurance contracts.
While the initial measurement of both types of insurance contracts is the same, the subsequent accounting differs. 
The Variable Fee Approach is applied to life insurance contracts with direct participation features. Other life and non-life 
insurance contracts are accounted for under the General Measurement Model, unless Aegon has elected to apply 
the Premium Allocation Approach to groups of these contracts.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
110 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 111]
Insurance contracts with direct participation features
Insurance contracts with direct participation features are defined as life insurance contracts for which, at inception, the 
contractual terms specify that the policyholder participates in a share of a clearly identified pool of underlying items; Aegon 
expects to pay to the policyholder an amount equal to a substantial share of the fair value returns on the underlying items; 
and Aegon expects a substantial proportion of any change in the amounts to be paid to the policyholder to vary with the 
change in fair value of the underlying items.
In determining whether a pool of underlying items has been clearly identified to the policyholder, Aegon considers all 
contractual terms and conditions as well as other policyholder communications. Aegon does not need to hold the identified 
pool of underlying items for a product to qualify as an insurance contract with direct participation features, nor does the 
existence of Aegon’s discretion to vary the amounts paid to the policyholder preclude qualification. However, the link between 
policyholder benefits and underlying items must be enforceable, and Aegon must not have the ability to change the underlying 
items with retrospective effect.
Once the presence of a clearly identified pool of underlying items is established, a two-step classification methodology 
is carried out. An initial assessment based on product characteristics, followed by a quantitative assessment if the first step 
is inconclusive:
 
The initial assessment based on product characteristics is performed using multiple qualitative indicators. For example, 
Aegon considers whether a contract includes substantial contractual profit-sharing rates and the degree to which these can 
subsequently be reset. It also considers the extent to which asset management fees and other charges are commensurate 
with the services provided and in line with market terms, and whether a product guarantees a minimum return on 
investment.
 If the qualitative step is not conclusive, the product undergoes quantitative analysis. Different calculation methods are used, 
depending on the product characteristics and the market conditions at the inception of the contract.
 The policyholder’s share in the fair value returns is assessed by comparing the expected total return on the underlying 
items, net of the asset management fees, with the expected payments to the policyholder that are based on those 
underlying items. Variable fees and charges that cover multiple services are split into an insurance component and an 
investment management component, with only the latter deducted from total returns. As a critical judgment, when the 
policyholder's share of fair value returns is between 50% and 70%, Aegon applies judgement based on qualitative and 
quantitative factors in product classification.
 Assessing the variability in policyholder benefits often requires probability-weighted models, factoring all scenarios where 
returns are impacted by the allocation of clearly identifiable assets, variable fees and guarantees. A single scenario with 
no variability does not automatically disqualify a product for the variable fee approach but is considered alongside 
scenarios in which the guarantee is not in-the-money at the expected termination date of the contract.
Examples of insurance contracts with direct participation features include unit-linked contracts issued by Aegon UK and 
Aegon Spain, and variable annuities issued in the Americas.
Insurance contracts without direct participation features
Although insurance contracts without direct participation features are not linked to underlying assets, there are products 
where Aegon provides investment-return services. A product is considered to provide an investment-return service if, 
and only if, the contract contains a non-distinct investment component or the policyholder has a right to withdraw an amount 
under the policy; Aegon expects that this amount will include an investment return; and Aegon expects to perform investment 
activity to generate that investment return.
Products with investment-return services include indexed universal life, fixed deferred annuities, fixed indexed annuities 
and registered index linked annuities.
Insurance contracts without direct participation features include all non-life insurance products issued by Aegon, as well as 
term insurance, whole life, fixed annuities, registered indexed linked annuities, long term-care insurance contracts, and US- 
style universal life products issued in the Americas and Asia.
g) Initial measurement
On initial recognition, Aegon measures a group of contracts at a risk-adjusted, current, and probability-weighted estimate of 
the present value of the future cash flows ("fulfillment cash flows") plus or minus the unearned profit on the group of contracts 
("contractual service margin").
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 2
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 111

[page 112]
Fulfillment cash flows
The fulfillment cash flows reflect Aegon’s view of the current condition at the reporting date, consistent with observable 
market prices and all contractual terms and conditions with commercial substance within the contract boundary. 
Future changes in legislation that would change or discharge a present obligation or create new obligations under existing 
contracts are only considered when the legislation is substantively enacted.
Fulfillment cash flows also include discretional cash flows that are partially linked to performance of underlying assets based 
on crediting policy, for instance for US universal life-type products. This provides the Group with discretion as to the timing 
and amount of the cash flows to be paid to policyholders. Change in discretionary cash flows is regarded as relating to future 
services and adjusts the Contractual Service Margin. At inception of such contract, the Group specifies its commitment as 
crediting interest to policyholders’ account balance based on Aegon’s crediting policy, considering specific terms and 
conditions of the contracts. Where changes reflect management discretion, such as changes in crediting rates, they are 
treated as adjustments to the contractual service margin. Conversely, changes driven by financial risk assumptions (e.g., 
market interest rate shifts) are recognized in insurance finance income or expenses.
The methods used to calculate the fulfillment cash flows and the process to estimate the inputs to those methods 
are discussed in note 29.3 Critical judgements and estimates.
Contractual service margin
The contractual service margin represents the unearned profit Aegon will recognize as it provides insurance contract 
services in the future. For onerous insurance contracts, the calculation results in an immediate loss recognized in the income 
statement, with a corresponding loss component established as part of the insurance liabilities.
Contract boundary
Cash flows are within the boundary of an insurance contract if they arise from rights and obligations that exist during 
the period in which Aegon can compel the policyholder to pay premiums or has a substantive obligation to provide insurance 
contract services to the policyholder.
Examples of such cash flows by Aegon’s interpretation are premiums and related cash flows, claim payments (including 
reported, incurred and all future claims for which Aegon has  substantive obligation), payments to policyholders such as 
payments that vary depending on underlying items or resulting from options and guarantees, claim handling costs, policy 
administration and maintenance cost, cost for performing investment activities, investment return services or investment 
related services and allocation of fixed and variable overheads directly attributable to fulfilling insurance contracts. 
Aegon interprets directly attributable overhead expenses consistent with the principle of Solvency II regarding insurance 
service obligation. Premiums receivable from the intermediary are included as future cash flows within the contract boundary.
In determining whether a contract can be repriced, Aegon considers all insurance and financial risks that are transferred 
from the policyholder excluding risks that result from the contract itself, such as expense risk or lapse risk. If Aegon provides 
investment-related services to insurance policyholders, the ability to reprice the fees or charges to prevailing rates is also 
considered in setting the contract boundary.
In some jurisdictions, regulatory requirements limit Aegon’s ability to fully reprice contracts on renewal and are therefore 
relevant when setting the contract boundary. Regulatory price caps that apply to existing and new policyholders do not extend 
the contract boundary, because they do not result in a valuable policyholder renewal option.
Some contracts with long contract boundaries based on long-term guaranteed benefits also include policyholder options that 
can be repriced. For example, the contract may allow the policyholder to take out additional insurance coverage at current 
market rates. While the policyholder option can be repriced, Aegon cannot reprice or reassess the benefits of the entire policy. 
Therefore, the option is considered within the long contract boundary of the host contract, provided it can reasonably be 
expected to be utilized.
Contract boundaries are based on current facts and circumstances and may therefore change over time.
h) Subsequent measurement
At each reporting date, the carrying amount of a group of insurance contracts is the sum of the liability for remaining coverage 
and the liability for incurred claims. The liability for remaining coverage includes fulfillment cash flows related to future service 
allocated to that group and the contractual service margin of the group. The liability for incurred claims includes fulfillment 
cash flows related to past service allocated to the group. Cash flows that remain subject to insurance risk after the 
occurrence of the insured event are included in the liability for remaining coverage.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
112 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 113]
Fulfillment cash flows are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect current estimates. The measurement of the 
contractual service margin differs for contracts with and without direct participation features as described below.
Some changes in the contractual service margin are offset by changes in the fulfillment cash flows, resulting in no change 
in the total carrying amount of the liability for remaining coverage. To the extent that changes in the contractual service 
margin and changes in the fulfillment cash flows do not offset, income or expenses are recognized.
Insurance contracts without direct participation features (general measurement model)
The carrying amount of the contractual service margin for a group of insurance contracts without direct participation 
features at the end of each reporting period is determined by adjusting the carrying amount with the effect of new contracts 
added to the group, interest accrued on the contractual service margin during the period, changes in fulfillment cash flows 
related to future services (except when increases in fulfillment cash flows exceed the carrying amount of contractual service 
margin, causing a loss, or when decreases in fulfillment cash flows are allocated to the loss component), currency exchange 
differences affecting the contractual service margin, and insurance revenue recognized for services provided during 
the period.
Interest accretion
Aegon accretes interest to the contractual service margin using either the one-year forward rate or the one-year spot-rate, 
derived from the discount rate curve used to estimate the present value of future cash flows that do not vary based on 
the returns on any underlying items on initial recognition of the group of contracts.
Interest is calculated on a time-weighted basis, allowing for the timing of the movements in the contractual service margin 
over the reporting period.
Changes in fulfillment cash flows relating to future services
Changes in the fulfillment cash flows that relate to future services comprise:
 
Experience adjustments arising from premiums received in the period that relate to future services and related cash flows, 
measured at the discount rates determined on initial recognition;
 Changes in estimates of the present value of future cash flows in the liability for remaining coverage (other than effects of 
the time value of the money and changes in financial risks), measured at the discount rates determined on initial recognition;
 Differences between any non-distinct investment component expected to become payable in the period and the actual non- 
distinct investment component that becomes payable in the period;
 Differences between any loan to a policyholder expected to become repayable in the period and the actual loan to 
a policyholder that becomes repayable in the period; and
 Changes in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk that relate to future services.
The change in fulfillment cash flows that relates to future service is calculated using discount rates derived from the discount 
rate curve used to determine the contractual service margin on initial recognition of the group of contracts.
Changes in the contractual service margin recognized as insurance revenue
Part of the contractual service margin of a group of contracts is recognized as insurance revenue in each period to reflect 
the insurance contract services provided in that period. The amount of revenue is determined by allocating the contractual 
service margin remaining at the end of the reporting period equally to each coverage unit provided in the reporting period 
and expected to be provided in the future.
The numbers of coverage units in a group of contracts is determined by considering, for each contract, the quantity of 
the benefits provided and its expected coverage period. The coverage period relates to insurance coverage only for business 
under the General Model when contracts lack investment-return service, and to both insurance coverage and investment 
return service when contracts contain investment-return service. Coverage period considers the expected survivorship of 
contracts, so it allows for expected lapses and deaths. If a contract provides coverage for more than one insured event or 
provides additional investment-return services, the coverage unit reflects all material benefits.
Aegon has defined coverage units that differ per product type to best reflect a product’s characteristics and the nature of 
the services provided to the policyholder. Insurance services are typically depicted by a metric that is based on the maximum 
amount that a policyholder would receive if the insured event were to occur, such as the total benefits amount or the death 
benefit amount. For investment-type services, coverage units are based on the total return that Aegon expects to provide 
the policyholder over the lifetime of the contract.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 2
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 113

[page 114]
Aegon applies the following formula to determine the amount of contractual service margin to release in each reporting 
period, where:
Where: 
A = coverage units provided in the period  
B = present value of coverage units to be provided in the future
The coverage units provided in the period are determined as an average of the coverage units at the beginning and end of 
the quarterly reporting period. Future coverage units are discounted using rates locked-in at the initial recognition of the group 
of contracts.
More information on the coverage units is provided in note 29.3.2.1 Weighting of coverage units.
Insurance contracts with direct participation features (variable fee approach)
Aegon adjusts fulfillment cash flows for direct participation contracts to reflect changes in the obligation to pay policyholders 
based on the fair value of underlying items, recognizing these changes in profit or loss. The contractual service margin for 
each group of contracts is adjusted based on new contracts, changes in fair value related to future services (using current 
discount rates), risk mitigation policies, changes in the loss component, currency exchange differences and insurance revenue 
recognition for services provided during the period.
Changes in fulfillment cash flows relating to future services
Changes in Aegon’s share in the fair value of the underlying items relate to future service and are adjusted according to the 
contractual service margin. Under the variable fee approach, changes in fulfillment cash flows are booked to the contractual 
service margin if they are the result of a change in the effect of the time value of money or financial risks not arising from 
the underlying items. Examples include the interest accrued to projected fixed benefits and expense cash flows, and changes 
in the value of financial guarantees.
Changes in the contractual service margin recognized as insurance revenue
The policy on the recognition of revenue for insurance contracts with direct participation features is the same as under 
the general measurement model, except that references to “investment-return services” should be read as “investment- 
related services”. Furthermore, the definition of coverage period is different for contracts with direct participation features. 
The coverage period reflects both insurance coverage and investment-related services. For such contracts with an 
accumulation and payout phase, the coverage period reflects both phases of the contract to the extent that insurance 
coverage and investment-related services are provided in both phases.
Risk mitigation
For certain groups of contracts, Aegon has a documented risk management objective and strategy for mitigating financial risk 
arising from insurance contracts with participation features, using derivatives, reinsurance contracts held and other FVPL 
financial instruments. Risk mitigation involves the hedging of one or a combination of financial risks (e.g. interest rate, financial 
instrument price, currency exchange rate, index of prices or rates, inflation rate) and can cover multiple groups of contracts 
in different portfolios.
For these groups of contracts, Aegon does not recognize the entire change in the amount of Aegon’s share of the fair value 
of the underlying items and changes in fulfillment cash flows relating to future services in the contractual service margin. 
Instead, the change in the hedged position is recognized as insurance finance expense in the income statement or in other 
comprehensive income.
Prior to the reporting period, Aegon demonstrates an economic offset between the above mentioned fulfillment cash flows 
from insurance contracts and the risk-mitigating items (that is values of both are generally expected to move in opposite 
directions because they respond in a similar way to the changes in the risk being mitigated), and demonstrates this is not 
dominated by credit risk.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
114 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 115]
i) Loss component
When a group of insurance contracts becomes onerous, a loss component of the liability for remaining coverage for 
that group is established. Except for changes in non-financial assumptions that are fully allocated to a loss component, 
all subsequent changes in the fulfillment cash flows of the liability for remaining coverage are allocated on a systematic 
basis between the loss component and the remaining liability for remaining coverage. No revenue is recognized for services 
allocated to the loss component, as Aegon has never received compensation from the policyholder for these.
j) Premium allocation approach
Aegon applies the premium allocation approach to certain groups of predominantly non-life insurance contracts. 
These groups of contracts mostly include products with a coverage period of one year or less. The premium allocation 
approach is only applied to contracts with a longer coverage period if the Group expects that the resulting measurement 
would not differ materially from the result of applying the general measurement model.
Level of aggregation
Contracts to which the premium allocation approach is applied are grouped together using the same principles as described 
in paragraph (c) above, with the following modifications:
 Contracts to which the premium allocation approach is applied, are assumed not to be onerous at inception, unless facts 
and circumstances indicate otherwise.
 
Contracts to which the premium allocation approach are grouped together in annual cohorts, which is more aligned 
with the nature of the products.
Acquisition costs
Insurance acquisition cash flows that relate to some (but not all) groups of contracts to which Aegon applies the premium 
allocation approach are expensed when incurred, provided the coverage period does not exceed 12 months.
Subsequent measurement, including loss component
Given the time between providing each part of the coverage and the related premium, Aegon has chosen not to adjust 
the liability for the remaining coverage to reflect the time value of money and the effect of financial risk.
Aegon recognizes the liability for incurred claims of a group of insurance contracts at the amount of the fulfillment cash flows 
relating to incurred claims. The fulfillment cash flows are discounted at current rates unless the cash flows are expected 
to be paid in one year or less from the date the claims are incurred.
2.5 Reinsurance contracts
Reinsurance contracts held are contracts entered into by Aegon to receive compensation for claims arising from one or more 
insurance contracts issued by the group. Reinsurance contracts that do not transfer insurance risk are accounted for as 
financial instruments or as service contracts, depending on the nature of the agreement.
To the extent possible, the accounting model applied to reinsurance contracts held is consistent with that of the underlying 
insurance contracts. Differences will arise when underlying contracts have direct participation features, as the variable fee 
approach cannot be applied to reinsurance contracts held. Furthermore, reinsurance contracts with a coverage period 
exceeding 12 months may not be eligible for the premium allocation approach.
Expected reinsurance recoveries include an adjustment for the risk of non-performance by the reinsurer, which is based on 
Aegon’s credit exposure, net of collateral, and the perceived counterparty default risk.
a) Separating components from insurance contracts
Similarly to the analysis for insurance contracts (see note 2.4 Insurance contracts), Aegon assessed that reinsurance 
contracts held do not include components that need to be separated.
b) Level of aggregation
Reinsurance contracts are grouped for measurement and income recognition purposes based on the similarity of risk, 
how the contracts are managed, the expected profitability of the contracts at inception, and the period in which the contracts 
are issued.
When grouping reinsurance contracts, Aegon considers the type of reinsurance coverage received (e.g. yearly renewable 
term, stop loss, or coinsurance).
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 2
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 115

[page 116]
A group of reinsurance contracts can comprise a single contract, for example when the contracts are managed on 
an individual treaty basis.
c) Reinsurance contracts measured under the general measurement model
Aegon applies the accounting policies disclosed in note 2.4 Insurance contract for insurance contracts without direct 
participation features to measure a group of reinsurance contracts held, albeit with the following modifications:
Initial measurement
Aegon estimates the present value of future cash flows of the group of reinsurance contracts held using assumptions 
consistent with those used to measure the underlying insurance contracts. The estimate includes an adjustment for the risk of 
non-performance by the reinsurer. This includes the potential failure of the reinsurance counterparty due to default, disputes 
resulting in reduced payments, current financial conditions, and credit standing of the reinsurer, the potential for these 
conditions to change over time, the extent to which the counterparty exposure is collateralized, treaty provisions for non- 
performance, and special features of the regulatory environment.
Contract boundary
For treaties with open attaching periods, the cessations within the termination window (typically 90 days) are treated as 
a separate contract for accounting purposes. Cessations occuring after the termination window are treated as a new 
contract.
Subsequent measurement
Aegon releases the CSM in the profit or loss at the end of the reporting period based on the coverage unit of the contract 
which is based on the quantity of benefits and expected coverage duration. To determine the coverage units, Aegon chooses 
a coverage unit metric that is proportional to the risk transferred, using maximum cover as the basis for coverage units but 
taking into account the number of underlying direct contracts attached. The coverage unit should reflect the expected pattern 
of underwriting of the underlying contracts because the level of service provided depends on the number of underlying 
contracts in-force.
With the exception of reinsurance finance income, all other income and expenses from a group of reinsurance contracts 
are presented as a single amount.
Finance income related to reinsurance contracts held is presented separately in the income statement and OCI and is not 
netted with finance expenses related to insurance contracts issued.
Loss recovery component
Aegon establishes a loss recovery component for a group of reinsurance contracts, when a change in the fulfillment cash 
flows that relates to future services does not adjust the contractual service margin. It reflects the income recognized in 
the income statement to offset the reinsured loss reported on the underlying insurance contracts.
The adjusted amount, and resulting income, is determined by multiplying:
 
The loss recognized on the group of underlying insurance contracts; and
 The recovery percentage, which is the percentage of claims on the group of underlying insurance contracts that Aegon 
expects to recover from the reinsurance contracts held.
The calculation of the recovery percentage is based on discounted claims and recovery amounts, using current discount 
rates. No allowance is made for reinsurance non-performance risk, and any risk adjustment for non-financial risks is excluded 
from the calculation.
If an onerous group of insurance contracts is only partially reinsured, systematic and rational allocation methods are used 
to determine the portion of subsequent movements in the loss component that relates to insurance contracts covered by 
the group of reinsurance contracts held.
2.6 Insurance revenue and Insurance service expenses
Aegon recognizes insurance revenue as it provides services under groups of insurance contracts and under groups of 
contracts with discretionary participation features.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
116 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 117]
The total insurance revenue recognized over the duration of a group of contracts is equal to the amount of premiums 
received, adjusted for a financing effect and excluding any non-distinct investment components. For contracts with direct 
participation features, it includes the variable fees that Aegon expects to receive. Reinstatement premiums are included, when 
reinstatement is at the discretion of the policyholder. Ceding commissions paid by Aegon on inward reinsurance are deducted 
from insurance revenue, unless they are contingent on future claims.
Revenue recognized in the period represents the total of the changes in the liability for remaining coverage that relate to 
services for which the Group expects to receive compensation and includes:
 Release of contractual service margin for services provided in the period;
 Changes in risk adjustments for non-financial risk that do not relate to future service, excluding amounts allocated 
to the loss component;
 Claims and other insurance service expenses expected to be incurred in the period, excluding amounts allocated 
to the loss component;
 
Other amounts, such as experience adjustments for premium receipts that do not relate to future service and income tax 
that is specifically chargeable to the policyholder.
Insurance revenue recognized in the period also includes an allocation of the portion of the premiums that are related to 
recovering insurance acquisition cash flows. The allocation is based on the passage of time, without interest accumulation. 
The same amount is also recognized as insurance service expenses. Insurance service expenses arise as Aegon provides 
coverage and other services under issued insurance contracts and investment contracts with discretionary participation 
features. It comprises:
 
The incurred claims, excluding repayments of non-distinct investment components, and other incurred insurance service 
expenses;
 Adjustments to the liabilities for incurred claims that do not arise from the effects of the time value of money, financial risk, 
and changes therein;
 Amortization of insurance acquisition cash flows;
 Losses on onerous contracts and the reversals of such losses; and
 Impairment losses and reversals on assets for insurance acquisition cash flows.
2.7 Insurance finance expenses
Insurance finance expenses comprise the change in the carrying amount of the group of insurance contracts or reinsurance 
contracts arising from the effect of the time value of money and changes in the time value of money, as well as the effect of 
financial risk and changes in financial risk. It also includes the changes in the measurement of a group of insurance contracts 
that are caused by changes in the value of underlying items (excluding additions and withdrawals).
a) Defining financial risk
Financial risk identified by Aegon can be one or more of credit risk; fluctuations in equity, real estate and capital markets; 
interest rate; and currency exchange risk.
As an example of variables not specific to a party to the contract, assumptions about inflation are considered to relate to 
financial risk, to the extent that they are based on an index of prices or on prices of assets with inflation-linked returns. 
Assumptions about inflation that are based on Aegon’s own expectations of specific price changes do not relate to financial 
risk and are considered to be actuarial assumptions.
For contracts with discretionary participation features, Aegon uses the basis on which, at inception, it expected to determine 
its commitment under the contract to distinguish between the effect of changes in assumptions that relate to financial risk on 
that commitment and the effect of discretionary changes to that commitment (which adjust the contractual service margin).
Aegon considers, per portfolio, whether to disaggregate the risk adjustment for financial risks into an insurance service 
component and an insurance finance component, based on the extent to which the carrying amount of the group of insurance 
contracts or reinsurance contracts is affected by changes in interest rate and other financial risks. The changes in the risk 
adjustment for non-financial risk are fully attributed to insurance services.
b) Disaggregation of insurance finance expenses
Aegon disaggregates insurance finance expenses between profit or loss and other comprehensive income for insurance 
contracts without direct participation features issued in the United States, insurance contracts issued in Asia that are 
internally reinsured in the United States, certain life insurance products in Spain, and reinsurance contracts held.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 2
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 117

[page 118]
The amount of insurance finance expenses included in profit or loss is determined by a systematic allocation of the expected 
total insurance finance income and expenses over the duration of the group of contracts, using the following rates:
 Discount rates determined at the date of initial recognition;
 A rate that allocates the remaining revised expected finance income or expenses over the remaining duration at a constant 
rate (effective yield approach); or
 For contracts using a crediting rate to determine amounts due to the policyholders using an allocation that is based on 
the amounts credited in the period and expected to be credited in future periods (projected crediting rate approach).
The effective yield approach and projected crediting rate approach are applied to designated groups of contracts for which 
changes in financial assumptions have a substantial effect on the amounts paid by the policyholder ("indirect participating 
products"). Indirect participating products include variable annuity products that do not qualify for the variable fee approach 
due to minimum guarantees. US-style universal life contracts are not classified as indirect participating products because 
Aegon considers policyholder benefits to be insufficiently impacted by changes in financial assumptions. These products are 
measured under the general measurement model.
In the United States, Aegon has elected to apply the projected crediting rate approach to indexed universal life, registered 
index linked annuities and fixed indexed annuities. Other indirect participating contracts, such as fixed annuities, are 
accounted for under the effective yield approach.
2.8 Investment contracts with discretionary participation features (DPF)
Contracts issued by the Group that do not transfer significant insurance risk but do transfer financial risk from 
the policyholder to the Group are accounted for as investment contracts.
Certain investment contracts, such as with profit contracts, have participation features whereby the policyholder has the right 
to receive potentially significant additional benefits which are based on the performance of a specified pool of investment 
contracts, specific investments held by the Group or on the issuer’s net result. If the Group has discretion over the amount or 
timing of the distribution of the returns to policyholders, the investment contract liability is measured based on the accounting 
principles that apply to insurance contracts with similar features.
Some unitized investment contracts provide policyholders with the option to switch between funds with and without 
discretionary participation features. The entire contract is accounted for as an investment contract with discretionary 
participation features if actual switching results in discretionary participation benefits that are a significant part of the total 
contractual benefits.
Investment contracts without discretionary participation features are considered and accounted for as financial liabilities.
2.9 Financial assets
a) Recognition and classification
Financial assets are recognized when Aegon becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. Regular way 
purchases or sales are recognized using trade date accounting.
Financial assets are classified for accounting purposes depending on the cash flow characteristics and the business model 
under which they were purchased.
The Group determines its business model at the level that best reflects how it manages groups of financial assets to achieve 
its business objective. The Group’s business model is not assessed on an instrument-by-instrument basis, but at a higher level 
of aggregated portfolios and is based on observable factors, such as:
 
How the performance of the business model and the financial assets held within that business model are evaluated and 
reported to the Group’s senior management;
 The risks that affect the performance of the business model and the financial assets held within it. In particular, the way 
those risks are managed;
 
How Group management is compensated, i.e. whether the compensation is based on the fair value of the assets managed 
or on the contractual cash flows collected;
 The expected frequency, value and timing of sales.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
118 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 119]
In making the assessment of the contractual cash flows, Aegon considers whether they are consistent with a basic lending 
arrangement i.e. interest includes only consideration for the time value of money, credit risk, other basic lending risks and a 
profit margin that is consistent with a basic lending arrangement. Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered 
in their entirety when determining whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.
Aegon presents its financial assets as Investments, Derivatives or Receivables and other assets in its Statement of Financial 
Position.
Debt instruments
The Group classifies debt instruments at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL) mandatorily if the business model is not 
to hold the instrument to collect contractual cash flows (or hold to collect and sell the asset) or if the contractual terms 
introduce exposure to risk or volatility that are inconsistent with a basic lending arrangement, or contractual cash flows 
are not solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI). Examples of assets that fail the SPPI test in Aegon’s portfolio are 
investments in funds that are classified as debt and investments in tranches of contractually linked instruments where 
the credit risk of the tranche is greater than the underlying portfolio’s credit risk.
Within its European insurance entities, Aegon holds investments in debt instruments that would not be mandatorily measured 
at FVPL, however, they are designated at FVPL to minimize accounting mismatches with the insurance and investment 
contract liabilities.
Aegon has classified most of its loan portfolios, and all receivables as measured at amortized cost because they are held 
to collect contractual cash flows which meet the SPPI criteria. Other debt instruments, held in a business model to collect 
contractual cash flows and to be sold when asset liability management strategy requires, and meet the SPPI criteria, are 
classified as measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI).
Equity instruments
Equity instruments are classified as financial assets measured at FVPL. Aegon opted to measure a small portion of its equity 
instruments at FVOCI.
Derivatives and hedge accounting
All derivatives are carried at FVPL as assets when fair value is positive and as liabilities when fair value is negative.
Aegon designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments in either:
 
Fair value hedges of recognized assets or liabilities or firm commitments;
 Hedges of highly probable future cash flows attributable to a recognized asset or liability or a highly probable forecast 
transaction (cash flow hedges); or
 Hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation (net investment hedges).
Aegon documents, at the inception of the hedge, the relationship between hedged items and hedging instruments, as well as 
its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. The Group also documents its 
assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions 
are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of hedged items.
Additional details on derivatives and hedge accounting are disclosed in note 20 Derivatives.
b) Initial measurement
At initial recognition, Aegon measures a financial asset at its fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset not 
at FVPL, transaction costs that are incremental and directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of the financial asset or 
financial liability, such as fees and commissions. Immediately after initial recognition, an expected credit loss allowance (ECL) 
is recognized for financial assets measured at amortized cost and investments in debt instruments measured at FVOCI, 
as described in note 4.2.6 Expected credit losses, which results in an accounting loss being recognized in profit or loss when 
an asset is newly originated.
c) Subsequent measurement
Debt instruments measured at amortized cost and FVOCI
Interest revenue from financial assets measured at amortized cost or FVOCI is included in "Interest revenue on financial 
instruments calculated using the effective interest rate method".
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 2
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 119

[page 120]
Movements in the carrying amount of FVOCI debt instruments are taken through OCI, except for the recognition of 
impairment gains or losses, interest revenue and foreign exchange gains and losses on the instrument’s amortized cost that 
are recognized as profit or loss. When the debt instrument is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized 
in OCI is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognized in "Net Investment result." In the case of equity instruments 
measured at FVOCI the cumulative gain or loss would never be recycled in profit or loss.
Financial instruments measured at FVPL
Gains and losses on financial instruments at FVPL are included in the Results from financial transactions line in 
the consolidated income statement, unless the financial instrument has been designated as a hedging instrument in a cash 
flow hedge or a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation, when the effective portion of the fair value change is 
recognized in other comprehensive income. Fair value movements of fair value hedge instruments are offset by the fair value 
movements of the hedged item, and the resulting hedge ineffectiveness, if any, is included in result from financial transactions.
Interest revenue from debt securities at FVPL and derivatives is presented separately as "Interest income from instruments 
measured at FVPL."
Equity instruments measured at FVOCI
In the case of equity instruments measured at FVOCI the cumulative fair value gain or loss would never be recycled 
in profit or loss.
d) Derecognition
When the contractual rights to the asset’s cash flows expire, or an obligation arises to pass on all received cash flows without 
delay, or the asset is transferred with substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership, or control over the asset is lost, 
Aegon derecognizes the financial asset.
When a novation takes place Aegon assesses whether the derecognition criteria are met. Aegon does not derecognize 
the contract only if:
 The old counterparty and new counterparty share the same parent company; and
 Contract characteristics of the old contract and the new contract are the same; and
 The risk profile of both contract parties is similar (either by both having a parental guarantee or both entities having 
an investment grade rating)
On derecognition, the difference between the disposal proceeds and the carrying amount is recognized in the income 
statement within the results from financial transactions.
e) Modification of financial assets
Aegon may renegotiate or otherwise modify the contractual cash flows of financial assets. When this happens, Aegon 
assesses whether the new terms are substantially different to the original terms by considering, among other things, 
the following qualitative and quantitative factors:
 
If the borrower is in financial difficulty, whether the modification merely reduces the contractual cash flows to amounts 
the borrower is expected to be able to pay.
 Introduction of any substantial new terms, such as profit share/equity-based return that substantially affects the risk profile 
of the loan or equity conversion option.
 Significant extension of the loan term when the borrower is not in financial difficulty.
 Significant change in the interest rate.
 Change in the currency the loan is denominated in.
 Insertion of collateral, other security or credit enhancements that significantly affect the credit risk associated with the loan.
 Change in seniority or subordination.
 Any change in SPPI assessment of the asset.
 Significant change in the present value of the instrument.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
120 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 121]
If the terms are substantially different, Aegon derecognizes the original financial asset and recognizes a "new" asset 
at fair value and recalculates a new effective interest rate for the asset. The renegotiation date becomes the date of initial 
recognition for impairment calculation purposes, including to determine whether a significant increase in credit risk has 
occurred. However, Aegon also assesses whether the new financial asset recognized is deemed to be credit-impaired at initial 
recognition, especially in circumstances where the renegotiation was driven by the debtor being unable to make the originally 
agreed payments. Differences in the carrying amount are also recognized in profit or loss as a gain or loss on derecognition 
(Results from financial transactions).
If the terms are not substantially different, the renegotiation or modification does not result in derecognition, and Aegon 
recalculates the gross carrying amount based on the revised cash flows of the financial asset and recognizes a modification 
gain or loss in profit or loss as result from financial transactions. The new gross carrying amount is recalculated by 
discounting the modified cash flows at the original effective interest rate (or credit-adjusted effective interest rate for 
purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets).
The impact of modifications of financial assets on the expected credit loss calculation is discussed in note 4.2.6 Expected 
credit losses.
2.10 Financial liabilities
A financial instrument issued by the Group is classified as a liability if the contractual obligation must be settled in cash 
or another financial asset or through the exchange of financial assets and liabilities at potentially unfavorable conditions 
for the Group.
Trust pass-through securities and (subordinated) borrowings
Trust pass-through securities and (subordinated) borrowings are initially recognized at their fair value, including directly 
attributable transaction costs, and are subsequently carried at amortized cost. Interest expense on trust pass-through 
securities and other borrowings carried at amortized cost is recognized in profit or loss as "interest charges" using 
the effective interest method.
Subordinated borrowings include the liability component of non-cumulative subordinated notes which are compound 
instruments due to the nature of these financial instruments. Compound instruments are separated into equity components 
and liability components. The liability component for the non-cumulative subordinated notes is related to the redemption 
amount.
Investment contracts without discretionary participation features (DPF)
Investment contracts issued by Aegon in the Americas that are considered financial liabilities include fixed and variable 
annuities without significant life contingent guarantees, as well as separate accounts without significant life contingent 
guarantees, institutional products, and retirement savings plans. Aegon values all these products at amortized cost.
In the United Kingdom, financial liabilities where the policyholder bears investment risk comprise unit-linked investment 
contracts, which are designated FVPL as they are contractually linked to a pool of financial assets measured at fair value. 
Risks related to these liabilities are managed and evaluated on a fair value basis under a documented policy of asset and 
liability management.
As these contracts are not quoted in active markets, their value is determined using valuation techniques such as discounted 
cash flow and stochastic modeling. For investment contracts without discretionary participation features that can be 
canceled by the policyholder, the fair value cannot be less than the surrender value.
Loan commitments
Loan commitments provided by Aegon are measured as the amount of the loss allowance (calculated as described in note 
4.2.6 Expected credit losses). Aegon has not provided any commitment to provide loans at a below-market interest rate, 
or that can be settled net in cash or by delivering or issuing another financial instrument.
For loan commitments, the loss allowance is recognized as a provision. However, for contracts that include both a loan and 
an undrawn commitment and Aegon cannot separately identify the expected credit losses on the undrawn commitment 
component from those on the loan component, the expected credit losses on the undrawn commitment are recognized 
together with the loss allowance for the loan. To the extent that the combined expected credit losses exceed the gross 
carrying amount of the loan, the expected credit losses are recognized as a provision.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 2
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 121

[page 122]
2.11 Fee and commission income
Fees and commissions from investment management services and mutual funds are earned on an ongoing basis evenly 
throughout the year and are accounted for monthly (1/12 of the contractual agreement). Performance fees may be charged 
to policyholders if the investments outperform predefined benchmark levels. They are accounted for only when specified 
hurdles for generating performance fees are achieved i.e. when the full performance obligation is met.
Aegon acts also as an insurance broker selling insurance contracts of other insurance companies to policyholders and 
receiving direct sales commission as well as commissions over time when the same policyholders renew their contracts. 
These commissions are recognized only when received as policyholders’ renewals are not certain enough to be recorded 
upfront.
Initial fees and front-end loadings paid by policyholders and other clients for future investment management services related 
to investment contracts without discretionary participation features are deferred and recognized as revenue when the related 
services are rendered.
2.12 Intangible assets
The Group does not recognize intangible assets for costs directly incurred in fulfilling insurance contracts, which include both 
direct costs and an allocation of fixed and variable overhead costs.
Future servicing rights
On the acquisition of a portfolio of investment contracts without discretionary participation features under which Aegon will 
render investment management services, the present value of future servicing rights is recognized as an intangible asset. 
Future servicing rights can also be recognized on the sale of a loan portfolio or the acquisition of insurance agency activities.
The present value of the future servicing rights is amortized over the servicing period and is subject to impairment testing. 
It is derecognized when the related contracts are settled or disposed of.
Where applicable, Aegon recognizes other intangibles on the acquisition of a business combination such as those related to 
customer relationships. This can include customer contracts, distribution agreements, and client portfolios. For these 
intangibles the present value of future cash flows is recognized and amortized in the period when future economic benefits 
arise from these intangibles. These intangible assets are also presented under future servicing rights.
2.13 Investment properties
Investments in real estate include property held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation, or both. Investments in real 
estate are presented as "Investments". Property that is occupied by the Group and that is not intended to be sold 
in the near future is classified as real estate held for own use and is presented in Other assets and receivables.
All property is initially recognized at cost, including the cost of replacing part of the real estate and borrowing cost if 
recognition criteria are met. Subsequently, investments in real estate are measured at fair value with fair value changes 
recognized in the income statement. Real estate held for own use is carried at its revalued amount, which is the fair value 
at the date of revaluation less subsequent accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. Depreciation is calculated 
on a straight-line basis over the useful life of a building. Land is not depreciated. Revaluation of real estate for own use is 
recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in revaluation reserve in equity. On revaluation the accumulated 
depreciation is eliminated against the gross carrying amount of the asset and the net amount is restated to the revalued 
amount.
On disposal of an asset, the difference between the net proceeds received and the carrying amount is recognized 
in the income statement. Any remaining surplus attributable to real estate in own use in the revaluation reserve 
is transferred to retained earnings.
2.14 Investments in joint arrangements
Investments in joint arrangements are classified as either joint operations or joint ventures, depending on the contractual 
rights and obligations each investor has, rather than the legal structure of the joint arrangement. Aegon has assessed 
the nature of its joint arrangements and determined them to be joint ventures. Joint ventures are accounted for using 
the equity method.
If joint ventures are obtained in successive share purchases, each significant transaction is accounted for separately.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
122 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 123]
Aegon applies a fair value approach to account for a step acquisition of a joint venture or associate, treating the fair value of 
previously held interest at the date that joint control or significant influence is obtained as the cost for the initial recognition 
of equity accounting.
The acquisition of preferred shares of equity accounted investees increases the carrying amount of the asset as, though 
they are non-voting, the investees give access to the returns associated with an ownership interest in the joint venture.
Gains and losses on transactions between the Group and the joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s 
interest in the entity, with the exception of losses that are evidence of impairment, which are recognized immediately. 
Own equity instruments of Aegon Ltd. that are held by the joint venture are not eliminated.
The Group’s interests in some joint arrangements are underlying items of participating contracts. The Group has elected 
to measure these at FVPL because it manages them on a fair value basis.
2.15 Investments in associates
Entities over which the Group has significant influence through power to participate in financial and operating policy decisions, 
but which do not meet the definition of a subsidiary, are accounted for using the equity method.
In assessing the extent to which Aegon can influence an entity, the same considerations apply as in analyzing the extent to 
which Aegon has control over a potential subsidiary. A voting power of less than 20% allows the presumption that significant 
influence does not exist (unless such influence can be clearly demonstrated), and likewise a voting power of at least 20% 
allows the presumption that the investor has significant influence over the investee.
Aegon recognizes impairment of equity-accounted associates when there is objective evidence of decreased recoverability 
of the carrying amount. For example, a significant or prolonged decline in fair value can be considered as an impairment 
trigger. Aegon defined a decline to be significant using a threshold of fair value being a minimum of 20% lower than the 
carrying amount, and defined a fair value being continuously below the carrying amount for a period of six months as 
prolonged.
Interests held by venture capital entities, mutual funds, and investment funds that qualify as an associate are accounted for 
as an investment held at fair value through profit or loss. Interests held by the Group in venture capital entities, mutual funds, 
and investment funds that are managed on a fair value basis are also accounted for as investments held at fair value through 
profit or loss.
2.16 Deferred expenses
Deferred expenses comprise deferred transaction costs. Deferred transaction costs relate to investment contracts without 
discretionary participation features under which Aegon will render investment management services. Incremental costs that 
are directly attributable to securing these contracts are recognized as an asset if they can be identified separately and 
measured reliably, and if it is probable that they will be recovered.
For contracts involving both the origination of a financial liability and the provision of investment management services, 
only the transaction costs allocated to the servicing component are deferred. The other transaction costs are included 
in the carrying amount of the financial liability.
The deferred transaction costs are amortized in line with fee income, unless there is evidence that another method 
better represents the provision of services under the contract. Amortization is recognized in the income statement. 
Deferred transaction costs are subject to impairment testing at least annually and are derecognized when the related 
contracts are settled or disposed of.
2.17 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash comprises cash at banks and in hand. Cash equivalents are short-term, highly liquid investments generally with original 
maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known cash amounts, are subject to insignificant risks of 
changes in value, and are held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash requirements. Money market investments that 
are held for investment purposes (backing insurance liabilities, investment liabilities, or equity based on asset liability 
management considerations) are not included in cash and cash equivalents but are presented as investments or investments 
on the account of policyholders.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 2
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 123

[page 124]
2.18 Impairment of assets
Assets are tested individually for impairment when indications suggest the asset may be impaired. Goodwill and intangible 
assets with an undefined life are tested at least once a year, or more frequently if an event or change in circumstances 
indicate an impairment charge may be necessary. The impairment loss is calculated as the difference between the carrying 
and the recoverable amount of the asset, which is the higher of an asset’s value in use and its fair value, less the cost of 
disposal. The value in use represents the discounted future net cash flows from the continuing use and ultimate disposal of 
the asset and reflects its known inherent risks and uncertainties. The valuation utilizes the best available information, including 
assumptions and projections considered reasonable and supportable by management. The assumptions used in the valuation 
involve significant judgments and estimates. See note 24 Intangible assets for more details.
2.19 Equity
Financial instruments issued by the Group are classified as equity if they represent a residual interest in the Group's assets 
after deducting all of its liabilities and the Group has an unconditional right to avoid delivering cash or another financial asset 
to settle its contractual obligation. In addition to common shares, the Group has issued perpetual securities with no final 
maturity date, repayment is at Aegon's discretion. For junior perpetual capital securities, Aegon has the option to defer coupon 
payments at its discretion. Perpetual capital securities are classified as equity and measured at par, and those denominated in 
US dollars are translated into euros using historical exchange rates. Treasury shares are deducted from Group equity.
Non-cumulative subordinated notes were identified as a compound instrument. Aegon had an unconditional right to avoid 
delivering cash or another financial asset to settle the coupon payments. The redemption of the principal was not at the 
discretion of Aegon. Aegon had a contractual obligation to settle the redemption in cash or another financial asset or through 
the exchange of financial assets and liabilities at potentially unfavorable conditions for Aegon. Compound instruments were 
separated into liability components and equity components. The liability component was equal to the present value of the 
redemption amount and carried at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method. The unwinding of the discount 
of this component was recognized in the income statement. At initial recognition the equity component was assigned the 
residual amount after deducting the liability component from the fair value of the instrument as a whole. The equity 
component in US dollars was translated into euros using historical exchange rates. Incremental external costs that are 
directly attributable to the issuing or buying back of own equity instruments are recognized in equity, net of tax. For compound 
instruments incremental external costs directly attributable to the issuing or buying back of the compound instruments are 
recognized proportionate to the equity component and liability component, net of tax. The Group recognizes the income tax 
consequences of dividends in profit or loss, other comprehensive income, or equity according to where it originally recognized 
the past transactions or events that generated the distributable profits. A liability for non-cumulative dividends payable is not 
recognized until the dividends have been declared and approved.
When the Group reacquires its own equity instrument and includes the share as an underlying item of direct participation 
contracts, the Group may elect not to deduct the reacquired instrument from equity and instead account for the reacquired 
instrument as if it were a financial asset and measure it at FVPL. This election is irrevocable and is made on an instrument-by- 
instrument basis.
2.20 Assets and liabilities relating to employee benefits
a) Short-term employee benefits
A liability is recognized for the undiscounted amount of short-term employee benefits expected to be settled within one year 
after the end of the period in which the service was rendered. Accumulating short-term absences are recognized over the 
period in which the service is provided. Non-service-related benefits are recognized when the event that results in the 
obligation occurs.
b) Post-employment benefits
The Group has issued defined contribution plans and defined benefit plans. A plan is classified as a defined contribution plan 
when the Group has no further obligation than the payment of a fixed contribution. All other plans are classified as defined 
benefit plans.
Defined contribution plans
The contribution payable to a defined contribution plan for services provided is recognized as an expense in the income 
statement. An asset is recognized to the extent that the contribution paid exceeds the amount due for services provided.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
124 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 125]
Defined benefit plans
Measurement
The defined benefit obligation is based on the terms and conditions of the plan applicable on the reporting date. In measuring 
the defined benefit obligation, the Group uses the projected unit credit method and actuarial assumptions that represent the 
management's best estimates. Benefits are discounted using an interest rate based on the market yield for high-quality 
corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be paid and that have terms to maturity that 
approximate the terms of the related pension liability. Actuarial assumptions used in the measurement of the liability include 
the discount rate, estimated future salary increases, mortality rates, and price inflation. To the extent that actual experience 
deviates from these assumptions, the valuation of defined benefit plans and the level of pension expenses recognized in 
the future may be affected. Plan improvements (either vested or unvested) are recognized in the income statement at the date 
when the plan improvement occurs.
Plan assets are qualifying insurance policies and assets held by long-term employee benefit funds restricted to pay the 
employee benefits under the plan and are not available to the Group’s creditors. They are measured at fair value and are 
deducted from the defined benefit obligation in determining the amount recognized on the statement of financial position. 
For reimbursements by associated third parties of some or all of the expenditure required to settle a defined benefit 
obligation, a reimbursement asset is recognized on the basis of the present value of the related obligation, subject to any 
reduction required if the reimbursement is not recoverable in full.
Profit or loss recognition
The cost of the defined benefit plans is determined at the beginning of the year and comprises the current year service cost 
and net interest on the net defined benefit liability (asset), both of which are recognized in profit or loss.
Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability (asset, recognized in other comprehensive income), are revisited quarterly 
and are not reclassified to profit or loss in a subsequent period.
Deducted from current year service cost are discretionary employee contributions and employee contributions that are linked 
to service (those which are independent of the number of years of service). Net interest on the net defined benefit liability 
(asset) is determined by multiplying the net defined benefit liability (asset) by the applicable discount rate. Net interest on 
the net defined benefit liability (asset) comprises interest income on plan assets and interest cost on the defined benefit 
obligation. Whereby interest income on plan assets is a component of the return on plan assets and is determined by 
multiplying the fair value of the plan assets by the applicable discount rate. The difference between the interest income 
on plan assets and the actual return on plan assets is included in the remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability 
(asset). Any movements during the period related to reimbursement assets, will be partly recognized in the income statement 
(interest cost on the reimbursement right) and partly through other comprehensive income for the difference between 
the actual return and the interest cost.
c) Share-based payments
The Group has issued share-based plans that entitle selected employees to receive Aegon Ltd. common shares, subject 
to pre-defined conditions, such as the grant price of the shares and (business and personal) performance criteria. 
The number of shares that will vest may partly depend on Aegon’s relative total shareholder return compared with a peer 
group or on return on regulatory capital.
The expenses recognized for these plans are based on the fair value on the grant date of the shares. The fair value is 
measured at the market price of Aegon Ltd. common shares, adjusted to take into account the non-vesting and market 
conditions upon which the shares were granted. For example, if the employee is not entitled to receive dividends during 
the vesting period, this factor is taken into account when estimating the fair value of the shares granted. For the determination 
of factors such as expected dividends, market observable data has been considered. In addition, where the relative total 
shareholder return is included in the performance criteria, this factor represents a market condition and hence is taken into 
account when estimating the fair value of the shares granted. Subsequent changes in such market variables would not impact 
recognition of expenses during the service period. Some plans also include non-market vesting conditions, such as return 
on regulatory capital. These conditions are not considered in the estimation of grant date fair value, however, subsequent 
changes in the expected outcome of such variables result in an update in the number of instruments expected to vest, 
therefore a remeasurement of cumulative expenses.
Costs for long-term incentive plans are recognized in the income statement with a corresponding increase in shareholders’ 
equity, as services are rendered. Cumulative expense recognized at the reporting date reflects Aegon’s best estimate 
of the number of shares expected to vest ultimately.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 2
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 125

[page 126]
The withholding of shares to fund the payment to the tax authorities in respect of the employee’s withholding tax obligation 
associated with the share-based payment is accounted for as a deduction from equity for the shares withheld, except to 
the extent that the payment exceeds the fair value at the net settlement date of the equity instruments withheld.
2.21 Taxation
Aegon has determined that the global minimum top-up tax – which it is required to pay under Pillar Two legislation, if applicable 
– is an income tax in the scope of IAS 12. Aegon has applied a temporary relief from deferred tax accounting for the impacts of 
the top-up tax and accounts for it as a current tax when it is incurred.
The income tax charge for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Current tax is calculated using rates that have been 
enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date, considering non-taxable or disallowed items and any adjustments to 
tax payable relating to previous years.
Current tax receivables and payables for current and prior periods reflect the best estimate of the tax amount expected 
to be paid or received and include provisions for uncertain income tax positions, if any.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized, using the liability method, for temporary differences between the carrying 
and tax values of an item on the balance sheet and for unused tax losses and credits carried forward. Deferred tax assets and 
liabilities are measured using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date and are 
expected to apply when the deferred tax asset is realized or the deferred tax liability is settled.
Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses and credits carried forward 
to the extent that the realization of the related tax benefit through future taxable profits is probable. The recognition of 
deferred tax assets is based on Aegon’s mid-term projections, including sensitivities and tax planning, and is reassessed 
periodically. Deferred tax liabilities relating to investments in subsidiaries, associates, and joint ventures are not recognized 
if the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference, and it is probable that the difference will 
not be reversed in the foreseeable future.
Tax assets and liabilities are presented separately in the consolidated balance sheet except where there is a legally 
enforceable right to offset the tax assets against tax liabilities within the same tax jurisdiction and the intention to settle 
such balances on a net basis.
Tax assets and liabilities are recognized in relation to the underlying transaction either in profit or loss, other comprehensive 
income or directly in equity.
2.22 Leases
As a lessee
The Group recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset is 
initially measured at cost and is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date to the 
earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term. The estimated useful lives of right-of- 
use assets are determined on the same basis as those of real estate and equipment. In addition, the right-of-use asset is 
periodically reduced by impairment losses (using the same rate to measure the lease liability), if any, and adjusted for certain 
remeasurements of the lease liability.
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement 
date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, or if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group’s 
incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate. The lease liability 
is measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when there is a change in future lease 
payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected 
to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, 
extension or termination option. The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property 
in Other assets and receivables and lease liabilities in Other liabilities in the statement of financial position.
Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group has elected not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease 
liabilities for short-term leases with a lease term of 12 months or less and for leases of low-value assets, including small 
office equipment. The Group recognizes the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-line 
basis over the lease term.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
126 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 127]
As a lessor
Where the Group is the lessor under an operating lease, the leased assets are presented in the statement of financial position 
according to the nature of the asset. Income from these leases is recognized in the income statement on a straight-line basis 
over the lease term, unless another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which the use benefit 
derived from the leased asset is diminished.
2.23 Other operating expenses
Except for expenses made to acquire insurance contracts and investment contracts with discretionary participation features, 
all expenses are incurred as related activities are performed.
2.24 Events after the reporting period
The financial statements are adjusted to reflect events that occurred between the reporting date and the date when the 
financial statements are authorized for issue, provided they give evidence of conditions that existed at the reporting date.
Events that are indicative of conditions that arose after the reporting date are disclosed, but do not result in an adjustment 
of the financial statements themselves.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 2
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 127

[page 128]
3 Critical accounting estimates and judgment in applying accounting policies
In preparing these consolidated financial statements, Aegon has made judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect 
the application of the Group’s accounting policies and the reported amount of assets, liabilities, income, and expenses. 
Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Included among the material (or potentially material) reported amounts and disclosures that require extensive use of 
estimates are the fair value of certain invested assets and derivatives (please see note 38 Fair value), the measurement of 
(re)insurance contracts and investment contracts with discretionary participation features (please see note 29 (Re)Insurance 
contracts and Investment contracts with discretionary participation features (29 Insurance contracts) ), and the measurement 
of the expected credit loss allowance (please see note 4 Financial risks).
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to estimates are recognized 
prospectively.
Macro-economic context
When making judgments, estimates, and assumptions, Aegon has taken into consideration the current macro-economic 
context, such as the conflicts between Ukraine and Russia and between Israel and Hamas, which continued in 2025; and the 
increased trade frictions that can lead to persistent volatility in energy and commodity prices, supply chain disruptions and 
shifting global trade patterns. In addition to causing a humanitarian crisis, these events impacted global financial markets and 
triggered significant economic turbulence. Aegon closely monitors financial and wider economic developments to understand 
our exposure to potential shocks in the markets where we invest, and Aegon works proactively to mitigate related risks. The 
conflict in Iran, which escalated in February 2026, is expected to exert upward pressure on global inflation, primarily through 
elevated energy prices and broader supply-chain disruptions, which may increase transportation, production, and consumer 
costs worldwide.
Management's assessment of going concern
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, on the assumption that the Company will 
continue in operation for the foreseeable future. From December 31, 2025, management assessed the following main areas: 
financial performance; capital adequacy; financial position and flexibility; liquidity; ability to access capital markets; leverage 
ratios and the level of Cash Capital at Holding, and concluded that the going concern assumption for Aegon is appropriate. 
For further details, see note 37 Capital management and solvency.
Actuarial and economic assumptions
Information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties that have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment 
to the carrying amount of insurance related assets and liabilities within the year ending December 31, 2025, is included in 
note 29 Insurance contracts, reinsurance contracts held and investment contracts with discretionary participation features.
Measurement of the expected credit loss allowance
The measurement of the expected credit loss (ECL) allowance for financial assets measured at amortized cost and FVOCI 
is an area that requires the use of complex models and significant assumptions about future economic conditions and credit 
behavior (for example, the likelihood of customers defaulting and the resulting losses). Explanation of the inputs, assumptions, 
judgements and estimation techniques used in measuring ECL and information incorporating forward-looking information into 
the measurement of the ECL is further detailed in note 4.2 Credit risk.
Classification of financial assets
The classification of financial assets is based on Aegon’s business model for managing them and their contractual cash flow 
characteristics. Aegon determines the classification of the financial assets by assessing the business model and whether 
the contractual terms of the assets are solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI) on the principal amount outstanding. 
The classification of financial assets determines how they are accounted for and measured on an ongoing basis.
Determination of fair value and fair value hierarchy
Fair value is defined as the amount that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. A fair value measurement 
assumes that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
 
In the principal market for the asset or liability; or
 In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
128 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 129]
Aegon uses the following hierarchy for measuring and disclosing the fair value of assets and liabilities:
 Level I: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that Aegon can access at 
the measurement date;
 Level II: inputs other than quoted prices included within Level I that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly 
(that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices of identical or similar assets and liabilities) using valuation 
techniques for which all significant inputs are based on observable market data; and
 Level III: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) using 
valuation techniques for which any significant input is not based on observable market data.
The degree of judgment in measuring fair value inversely correlates with the level of observable valuation inputs. Aegon 
prioritizes observable inputs and minimizes unobservable ones. Financial instruments with quoted prices in active markets 
require less judgment, while those without quoted prices need more judgment and use models or pricing techniques.
Assets and liabilities are categorized within the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest significant input. An active market 
provides ongoing pricing information, while inactive markets require assurance that transaction prices reflect fair value 
or that they require adjustments to reflect fair value.
Most valuation techniques use observable market data, ensuring high reliability. However, some assets and liabilities rely 
on unobservable inputs, making their fair value more judgmental. Instruments classified as level III are significantly influenced 
by unobservable inputs, meaning little current market data is available. Aegon’s valuation techniques align with market 
participants' approaches, but different methodologies could yield different fair value estimates.
Aegon assigns fair value levels to instruments based on type and price source, periodically reviewing this logic to adapt 
to the current market environment.
For further details on fair value hierarchy and fair value measurement, refer to note 38 Fair value.
4 Financial risks
4.1 General
Insurance risks are described in note 29.4 Underwriting risk for risk exposures arising from contracts within the scope 
of IFRS 17. Financial risks typically include, but are not limited to, credit risk, market risk and  liquidity risk.
As an insurance group, Aegon is exposed to various risks, primarily from financial market fluctuations (for example, foreign 
currency, interest rate, credit, and equity risks) that impact investment values and product liabilities. Additional risks include 
insurance-related factors such as changes in mortality, morbidity, bond credit spreads, and liquidity premiums, detailed in 
note 29 Insurance contracts. Risk is managed locally where business occurs, guided by Group-level principles and policies. 
Aegon's integrated approach to risk management involves similar measurement of risk and scope of risk coverage to enable 
aggregation of the Group's risk position.
To manage financial market risks, products are priced using a market-consistent framework, and asset liability management 
(ALM) programs seek to ensure prudent long-term investment to policyholder. ALM techniques across the Group vary in 
complexity, from cash-flow matching (for traditional fixed annuities) to duration matching (for the Universal Life range of 
products) to derivative-based semi-static and dynamic hedges (to match variable annuities and indexed universal life).
To manage risk exposure, Aegon has both group-wide and specific local risk policies to handle the unique situation of local 
businesses. For ALM specifically, the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework includes several risk policies that govern 
ALM strategies, such as the Investment and Counterparty Risk Policy (ICRP). The ICRP governs the management of investment 
risks associated with credit, equity, property, alternative asset classes, interest rate and currency risk in addition to option 
markets, implied volatility risk, interest rate options and swaptions. As well as product-level ALM programs, subsidiary 
businesses are required by the ICRP to maintain overarching entity-level ALM strategies that guide and set limits for the 
aggregated product-level programs. Significant or complex ALM strategies are approved at group level, and all programs 
are subject to Group Risk oversight.
Together with the ICRP, other ERM policies govern concentration risk, liquidity risk, the use of derivatives and securities 
lending and repos. Aegon’s extensive use of derivatives can lead to significant collateral calls depending on market 
conditions. Liquidity is managed at the legal entity, with central coordination by Aegon Ltd. Aegon US may use external market 
solutions to match projected liquidity requirements with funding.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 4
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 129

[page 130]
Next to guidance, the Group level policies also provide limits to Aegon's exposure to major risks such as equity, interest rates, 
credit, and currency. The limits in these policies in aggregate remain within Aegon's overall tolerance for risk and the Group's 
financial resources. Operating within this policy framework, Aegon employs risk management programs including ALM 
processes and models and hedging programs (which are largely conducted via the use of financial derivative instruments). 
These risk management programs are in place in each country unit and are not only used to manage risk in each unit but are 
also part of the Aegon's overall risk strategy.
Aegon’s Derivative Use Policy establishes the requirements for the control, authorization, execution and monitoring 
requirements of derivatives. It also stipulates the necessary mitigation of credit risk through derivatives management tools. 
For derivatives, counterparty credit risk is typically mitigated through collateral posting under credit support annexes or 
central clearing houses.
As part of its risk management programs, Aegon takes inventory of its current risk position across risk categories 
and measures the sensitivity of net result and shareholders' equity under both deterministic and stochastic scenarios. 
Models, scenarios, and assumptions are regularly reviewed and updated as needed.
Aegon’s sensitivity analyses are presented throughout this section to show the estimated impact of various scenarios on 
CSM, net result, and shareholders’ equity. It also shows how the tested shock could affect management’s key accounting 
estimates and judgments under Aegon’s policies. Management action is taken into account to the extent that it is part of 
Aegon's regular policies and procedures, such as established hedging programs. However, incidental management actions 
that would require changes to policies and procedures are not considered.
Market-consistent assumptions underlying the measurement of non-listed assets and liabilities are adjusted to reflect 
the shock tested. The shock may also affect the measurement of assets and liabilities based on assumptions that are not 
observable in the market. For example, a shock in interest rates may lead to increased expected credit losses on debt 
investments. Although management's short-term assumptions may change if a risk factor is reasonably likely to change, 
long-term assumptions will generally not be revised unless there is evidence that the change is permanent.
The sensitivities do not reflect what the net result would have been if risk variables had differed, as they are based on 
exposures on the reporting date, not actual events during the year. Nor are they intended to predict Aegon’s future 
shareholders’ equity or earnings, as the analysis excludes future new business and does not consider all potential 
management responses to financial environment changes, such as investment portfolio reallocations or changes to 
premiums and crediting rates. Furthermore, the results of the analyses cannot be extrapolated or interpolated to wider 
variations, as effects do not tend to be linear.
Concentration risk for financial risks is measured and managed at the following levels:
 
Concentration by risk type: Risk exposures are measured by risk type as part of Aegon’s internal economic framework. 
A risk tolerance framework is in place which sets risk limits per risk type to target the desired risk balance and promote 
diversification across risk types.
 Concentration per counterparty: Risk exposure is measured and risk limits are in place per counterparty as part 
of the Counterparty Name Limit Policy; and
 Concentration per sector, geography, and asset class: Aegon’s investment strategy is translated into investment mandates 
for its internal and external asset managers. Through these investment mandates, limits on sector, geography, and asset 
class are set. Compliance monitoring of the investment mandates is carried out by the insurance operating companies.
As part of business planning, the resilience of Aegon's business strategy is tested in several extreme event scenarios. In the 
Adverse Financial scenario, financial markets are stressed without assuming diversification across different market factors. 
Within the projection certain management actions may be implemented when management deems this necessary.
Aegon's significant financial risks and related financial information are explained in note 4.2 Credit risk note 4.3 Market 
risk and in note 4.4 Liquidity risk.
4.2 Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to Aegon if a counterparty to a reinsurance contract or financial instrument fails to meet 
its contractual obligations, the risk of economic loss due to the deterioration in the financial condition of counterparties, either 
through fair value losses on traded securities or through defaults on traded securities, loans and mortgages.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
130 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 131]
Aegon has policies and procedures to manage credit, concentration, and counterparty risks across all material businesses 
with credit exposure, including bonds, loans, cash and equivalents, collateralized assets, reinsurance assets, and fair value 
assets. The Group uses risk gradings aligned with major credit rating agencies and applies internal gradings for specific 
portfolios, such as residential mortgages, to assess the probability of default.
Credit grades are calibrated so that default risk increases exponentially with each higher risk grade. For example, the 
difference in Probability of Default (PD) between the AAA and A rating grades is lower than between the BBB and B rating 
grades.
4.2.1 Aegon’s maximum exposure to credit risk
As premiums and deposits are received, Aegon invests these funds to meet future policyholder obligations. For assets 
backing insurance liabilities under the general model and the premium allocation approach, as well as other "free" assets, 
Aegon typically bears the investment risk, including principal and interest.
Aegon is exposed to credit risk on its fixed-income portfolio (debt securities, mortgages, private placements), over-the-counter 
derivatives, and reinsurance contracts. Some issuers have defaulted due to bankruptcy, liquidity issues, economic or real 
estate downturns, operational failure, or fraud. During financial downturns, Aegon can incur defaults or other value declines, 
which could materially impact Aegon’s business and financial results and condition adversely.
The estimates of best estimate liability for (re)insurance contract assets represent Aegon’s maximum exposure to credit risk 
from these assets. Please see the cash flow information in note 29 Insurance contracts.
The following table contains an analysis of Aegon’s maximum credit risk exposure from financial assets. Please see note 39 
Commitments and contingencies and 40 Transfers of financial assets for further information on capital commitments and 
contingencies and on collateral given, which may expose the Group to credit risk.
Debt securities
Several bonds in Aegon's Americas' portfolio are guaranteed by monoline insurance companies. This is shown in the table 
above in the column Letters of credit / guarantees.
Maximum 
exposure 
to credit 
risk Cash Securities
Letters 
of 
credit / 
guaran- 
tees
Real 
estate 
property
Master 
netting 
agree- 
ments
Total 
collateral
Surplus 
collateral 
(or over- 
collaterali- 
zation)
Net 
exposure
Debt securities 56,202 - - 53 - - 53 - 56,149
Money market and other short-term 
investments 5,964 - 289 - - - 289 22 5,696
Loans 9,787 112 - 23 21,460 - 21,594 11,808 1
Unconsolidated investment funds 190,671 - - - - - - - 190,671
Deposits with financial institutes 1,727 - - - - - - - 1,727
Other investments 4,749 - - - - - - - 4,749
Derivative assets 485 124 513 - - 213 850 406 42
Reinsurance assets 17,153 - 15,363 731 - - 16,093 - 1,060
On December 31, 2025 286,739 236 16,165 807 21,460 213 38,880 12,236 260,095
Debt securities 60,890 - - 61 - - 61 - 60,829
Money market and other short-term 
investments 6,071 - 324 - - - 324 20 5,767
Loans 10,798 51 - 20 23,694 - 23,766 12,982 14
Unconsolidated investment funds 192,775 - - - - - - - 192,775
Deposits with financial institutes 2,063 - - - - - - - 2,063
Other investments 5,207 - - - - - - - 5,207
Derivative assets 771 220 713 - - 171 1,104 461 128
Reinsurance assets 16,021 - 14,141 732 - - 14,872 - 1,149
On December 31, 2024 294,597 271 15,177 813 23,694 171 40,127 13,462 267,932
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 4
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 131

[page 132]
Money market and short-term investments
The collateral reported for money market and short-term investments relates to tri-party repurchase agreements (repos). 
Within tri-party repos, Aegon invests under short-term reverse repurchase agreements and the counterparty posts collateral 
to a third-party custodian. The collateral posted is typically high-quality, short-term securities and is only accessible for or 
available to Aegon in the event the counterparty defaults.
Loans
Real estate collateral for mortgages includes both residential and commercial properties. For commercial mortgage loans in 
Aegon Americas, collateral is measured at fair value. At least annually, the fair value of each individual property pledged as 
collateral is estimated. At loan origination, an external appraisal is used to estimate the property's value. In subsequent years, 
internal valuations are conducted using professionally accepted methods by accredited personnel. International valuation 
standards are used, which consider key assumptions such as replacement cost, income-generating potential, and recent 
sales of comparable properties. Valuations are primarily supported by market evidence.
Cash collateral for mortgage loans includes the savings that have been received to redeem the underlying mortgage loans 
at redemption date. These savings are part of the credit side of the statement of financial position but reduce the credit risk 
for the mortgage loan as a whole.
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
A significant portion of instruments have been designated as FVPL. On December 31, 2025, the maximum exposure 
to credit risk of these financial assets was their carrying amount of EUR 2,048 million (December 2024: EUR 2,337 million). 
The credit risk of these financial assets has not been hedged by the use of derivatives. The following table presents changes 
in fair value attributable to changes in credit risk, recognized for these investments:
The change in fair value attributable to changes in credit risk is determined as the total amount of the change in fair value that 
is not attributable to changes in the observable benchmark interest rate or in other market rates. This method reasonably 
approximates credit risk impact, as fixed income valuations are primarily influenced by interest rates and credit spreads. 
Thus, isolating non-credit factors allows for an estimate of credit-related fair value changes.
Derivatives
The master netting agreements column in the table pertains to derivative liability positions that are used in Aegon's credit risk 
management. The offset in the master netting agreements column includes balances for which there is a legally enforceable 
right of offset, but no intention to settle them on a net basis under normal circumstances. As a result, there is a net exposure 
for credit risk management purposes. However, as there is no intention to settle these balances on a net basis, they do not 
qualify for net presentation for accounting purposes.
Reinsurance assets
The collateral for the reinsurance assets includes assets held in trust by the reinsurer for Aegon's benefit. Trust assets can be 
accessed to pay policyholder benefits if reinsurers fail to perform under their contracts. Further information on the related 
reinsurance transactions is included in note 29 Insurance contracts.
Collateral and other credit enhancements
Aegon employs a range of policies and practices to mitigate credit risk and the most common of these is accepting 
collateral for funds advanced. The Group has internal policies on the acceptability of specific classes of collateral or 
credit risk mitigation.
Collateral and other credit enhancements obtained
On December 31, 2025, the Group held no collateral that was obtained during the year (EUR 0 in 2024) by taking possession 
of collateral held as security against receivables. The Group’s policy is to pursue the timely realization of the collateral in an 
orderly manner. Aegon does not generally use non-cash collateral for its own operations.
2025 2024
Loans Debt securities Total Loans Debt securities Total
Change in fair value during the year 1 7 8 3 16 19
Cumulative change in fair value - 45 45 - 59 59
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
132 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 133]
4.2.2 Credit risk management
Aegon manages credit risk by counterparty, sector, and asset class, including cash. Credit risk in derivative contracts is 
typically mitigated through credit support agreements and ISDA master netting agreements across most of Aegon's legal 
entities, enabling offsetting of exposures. Main counterparties are investment banks, generally rated “A” or higher. These 
agreements define collateral thresholds, with most collateralized transactions involving interest rate, equity, currency, and 
credit swaps. Collateral, mainly in USD and EUR cash, must meet high-quality standards. No derivative counterparty defaults 
occurred in the past three years. Credit risk under master netting agreements is offset only when liabilities are settled after 
asset realization. Eligible derivative transactions are traded via Central Clearing Houses as required by EMIR and the Dodd- 
Frank Act. Credit risk in these transactions is mitigated through the posting of initial and variation margins.
Aegon may also mitigate credit risk in reinsurance contracts by including downgrade clauses that allow the recapture of 
business, retaining ownership of assets required to support liabilities ceded, or requiring the reinsurer to hold assets in trust. 
For the resulting net credit risk exposure, Aegon employs deterministic and stochastic credit risk modeling in order to assess 
the Group's credit risk profile, associated earnings, and capital implications due to various credit loss scenarios.
Aegon operates a Credit Name Limit Policy (CNLP) under which limits are placed on the aggregate exposure that it has to any 
one counterparty. Limits are placed on the exposure at both the group level and the individual country units. If an exposure 
exceeds the stated limit, it must be reduced to the limit for the country unit and rating category as soon as possible. 
Exceptions to these limits may be made only with explicit approval from Aegon's Group Risk and Capital Committee (GRCC). 
The policy is reviewed regularly.
To hedge inflation risk in products offered to policyholders, Aegon invests in instruments linked to inflation, significantly 
reducing net exposure.
4.2.3 Credit rating
Since Aegon changed its policies in 2025, Group limits are denominated in US Dollar instead of Euro. Aegon group level long- 
term counterparty exposure limits are as follows:
The ratings distribution of Aegon’s general account portfolios — excluding reinsurance assets — is shown in the following table, 
categorized by rating and split by assets measured at fair value and amortized cost. Aegon applies a composite rating based 
on external ratings from S&P, Moody’s, Fitch, and the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC for U.S. assets), 
along with internal ratings. The lower of the external and internal ratings is used.
Group limits per credit rating 2025 USD million 2024 EUR million
AAA 750 900
AA 750 900
A 575 675
BBB 375 450
BB 225 250
B 110 125
CCC or lower 45 50
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 4
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 133

[page 134]
The following table shows the credit quality of the reinsurance contracts:
Americas United Kingdom International
Asset 
Management 2025 Total 1
Financial 
assets
Amortized 
cost
Fair 
value
Amortized 
cost
Fair 
value
Amortized 
cost
Fair 
value
Amortized 
cost
Fair 
value
Amortized 
cost
Fair 
value
Carrying 
value
AAA 847 5,625 - 30 - 40 - 127 847 5,822 6,669
AA 4,023 7,916 - 416 - 130 - - 4,023 8,462 12,485
A 4,319 18,580 - 217 1 694 24 - 4,355 19,491 23,846
BBB 423 18,406 - 4 - 346 3 - 426 18,756 19,182
BB - 984 - 1 - 22 1 - 1 1,007 1,007
B 93 262 - 7 - 8 - - 93 277 370
CCC or lower - 569 - - - 1 8 - 8 570 577
Assets not rated - 4,349 - 744 - 24 - 68 - 5,189 5,189
Total 9,704 56,690 - 1,420 1 1,266 36 194 9,752 59,574 69,326
ECL on financial assets (33) (340) - - - (7) - - (33) (347) (380)
On December 31, 2025 9,671 56,690 - 1,420 1 1,266 36 194 9,719 59,574 69,293
2024 Total 1
AAA 1,013 5,265 - 25 - 37 - 73 1,013 5,400 6,412
AA 4,421 9,114 - 525 - 167 - - 4,421 9,805 14,226
A 4,546 19,771 - 220 1 684 24 - 4,571 20,674 25,245
BBB 654 20,895 - 59 - 451 3 - 668 21,405 22,073
BB 4 1,162 - 1 - 42 1 - 4 1,205 1,209
B 78 487 - - - 5 - - 78 492 570
CCC or lower - 720 - - - 6 8 - 8 726 733
Assets not rated - 4,844 - 740 - 4 - 54 - 5,668 5,668
Total 10,715 62,258 - 1,569 1 1,395 36 126 10,763 65,375 76,138
ECL on financial assets (118) (327) - - - (14) - - (118) (341) (459)
On December 31, 2024 10,597 62,258 - 1,569 1 1,395 36 126 10,645 65,375 76,020
1 Includes investments of Holding and other activities.
Carrying value 2025 2024
AAA - -
AA 1,008 1,087
A 14,832 14,041
Below A 208 3
Not rated 910 587
On December 31 16,958 15,719
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
134 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 135]
4.2.4 Credit risk concentration
The following tables present specific credit risk concentration information for general account financial assets.
Debt securities and 
money market investments Americas
United 
Kingdom International
Asset 
Management
2025 
Total 1
Of which 
past due 
and/or 
impaired
Residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBSs) 827 - - - 827 (16)
Commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBSs) 2,419 26 34 - 2,479 (40)
Asset-backed securities (ABSs) 616 - 1 - 617 (1)
ABSs – Other 5,820 43 26 102 5,991 (29)
Financial - Banking 3,261 165 190 - 3,616 (15)
Financial - Other 9,831 54 158 100 10,144 (53)
Capital goods and other industry 3,273 18 76 - 3,366 (41)
Communications & Technology 3,879 11 77 - 3,967 (44)
Consumer cyclical 3,354 9 100 - 3,463 (35)
Consumer non-cyclical 5,062 38 116 - 5,216 (33)
Energy 2,325 10 41 - 2,376 (12)
Transportation 1,658 4 20 - 1,682 (6)
Utility 3,902 2 37 - 3,941 (10)
Government bonds 5,762 302 293 17 6,374 (13)
On December 31, 2025 51,990 682 1,169 220 54,060 (347)
2024 
Total 1
Residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBSs) 684 - - - 684 (19)
Commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBSs) 2,469 65 47 - 2,582 (22)
Asset-backed securities (ABSs) 582 - 3 - 585 -
ABSs – Other 4,761 54 49 88 4,952 (16)
Financial - Banking 3,751 172 178 - 4,101 (19)
Financial - Other 10,464 24 224 46 10,758 (57)
Capital goods and other industry 3,639 24 79 - 3,742 (31)
Communications & Technology 4,642 4 112 - 4,758 (58)
Consumer cyclical 3,641 25 91 - 3,757 (39)
Consumer non-cyclical 5,987 49 116 - 6,151 (31)
Energy 2,766 27 51 - 2,844 (13)
Transportation 1,786 - 29 - 1,816 (6)
Utility 4,763 16 54 - 4,833 (12)
Government bonds 6,926 370 286 18 7,601 (18)
On December 31, 2024 56,861 830 1,320 152 59,162 (341)
1 Includes investments of Holding and other activities.
Government 
bonds per 
country of risk Americas
United 
Kingdom International
Asset 
Management
2025 
Total 1 Americas
United 
Kingdom International
Asset 
Management
2024 
Total 1
United States 5,017 2 64 - 5,084 6,095 - 69 - 6,164
Netherlands - - 2 - 2 - - 2 - 2
United Kingdom - 257
- 17 275 - 316 - 18 334
Austria - - 9 - 9 - - 10 - 10
Belgium - - 3 - 3 - - 4 - 4
France - 18 8 - 25 - 28 8 - 36
Hungary 19 - 2 - 21 21 - 4 - 25
Indonesia 63 - - - 63 69 - - - 69
Luxembourg - 5 1 - 6 - 5 1 - 7
Spain - - 188 - 188 - - 161 - 161
Rest of Europe 76 - 8 - 84 82 - 12 - 93
Rest of world 586 19 7 - 612 660 20 16 - 695
On December 31 5,762 302 293 17 6,374 6,926 370 286 18 7,601
1 Includes investments of Holding and other activities.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 4
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 135

[page 136]
4.2.5 Unconsolidated structured entities
Aegon’s investments in unconsolidated structured entities — such as RMBSs, CMBSs, ABSs, and investment funds — are 
reported under “Investments” on the statement of financial position. These interests are basic interests. Aegon holds no 
related loans, derivatives, guarantees, or other interests relating to these investments.
For RMBSs, CMBSs, and ABSs, Aegon’s maximum exposure to loss equals the carrying amount, as shown in the credit risk 
concentration table for debt securities and money market investments. To manage credit risk, Aegon primarily invests in 
senior notes of these instruments. The portfolios are broadly diversified by issuer, resulting in only non-controlling interests 
in individual unconsolidated structured entities. Additionally, Aegon does not originate these investments.
As the collateral manager of collateralized loan obligations (CLOs) issued in Europe, to the extent that it acts as an originator- 
manager, Aegon is subject to risk retention requirements to hold investments in the CLOs it manages. Such risk retention is 
often in the form of participation in the subordinated tranches of the structure, which concentrate credit risk on the underlying 
assets of the CLO. Aegon’s maximum exposure to credit risk is the carrying amount of these investments, which was 
EUR 190,671 million on December 31, 2025 (2024: EUR 192,775 million).
Except for commitments, such as future purchases in investment funds, as disclosed in note 39 Commitments and 
contingencies, Aegon did not provide, nor is it required to provide financial or other support to unconsolidated structured 
entities. Aegon also has no intention to offer such support to entities in which it currently holds or previously held an interest.
For RMBSs, CMBSs, and ABSs in which Aegon has an interest at the reporting date, the following table presents the total 
income received from those interests. The Investments column reflects the carrying values recognized in the statement 
of financial position of Aegon's interests in RMBSs, CMBSs, and ABSs.
Credit rating *
Government 
Bonds
Corporate 
bonds
RMBSs 
CMBSs 
ABSs Other
2025 
Total 1
Government 
Bonds
Corporate 
bonds
RMBSs 
CMBSs 
ABSs Other
2024 
Total 1
AAA 160 536 3,407 1,708 5,811 169 434 2,888 1,892 5,383
AA 4,754 2,413 1,200 - 8,367 5,857 2,686 1,202 - 9,745
A 777 14,804 3,573 - 19,154 823 16,127 3,169 - 20,119
BBB 402 17,264 1,059 - 18,725 417 20,099 847 - 21,363
BB 247 672 83 - 1,002 265 834 99 - 1,198
B 19 171 154 - 345 53 398 94 - 545
CCC or lower 15 103 439 - 557 18 205 503 - 726
Assets not rated - - - 94 94 - - - 83 83
On December 31 6,374 35,963 9,914 1,802 54,054 7,601 40,783 8,802 1,976 59,162
1 Includes investments of Holding and other activities.
* CNLP Ratings are used and are the lower of the Barclay's Rating, and the Internal Rating with the Barclay's rating being a blended rating of S&P, Fitch, and 
Moody's.
Mortgage loans Americas International
2025 
Total
Of which past due 
and / or impaired Americas International
2024 
Total
Of which past due 
and/or impaired
Agricultural 40 - 40 (1) 47 - 47 -
Apartment 4,954 - 4,954 (5) 5,618 - 5,618 (8)
Industrial 455 - 455 - 474 - 474 -
Office 1,105 - 1,105 (27) 1,270 - 1,270 (109)
Retail 1,257 - 1,257 - 1,384 - 1,384 (1)
Other commercial 1,942 1 1,943 - 1,885 1 1,886 -
On December 31 9,753 1 9,754 (33) 10,679 1 10,680 (118)
2025 2024
Interest 
income
Gains/(losses) 
on sale
Total 
Income Investments
Interest 
income
Gains/(losses) 
on sale
Total 
Income Investments
RMBSs 57 7 64 827 58 (13) 45 684
CMBSs 115 87 202 2,479 97 98 194 2,582
ABSs 33 - 33 617 38 12 50 585
ABSs - Other 296 114 410 5,991 206 58 264 4,952
Total 501 208 708 9,914 399 155 554 8,802
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
136 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 137]
4.2.6 Expected credit losses
Measurement
Credit risk losses are inherent to fixed-income securities. The level of this risk and the compensation for bearing it are related. 
A key management measure to avoid excessive credit risk is to diversify and limit exposure to individual issuers.
Aegon measures credit risk in line with the IFRS 9 approach for Expected Credit Loss (ECL). ECL is calculated as the product 
of the projected probability of default (PD), the loss given default (LGD), and the exposure at default (EAD), discounted at 
an appropriate rate. ECL is then determined as the probability-weighted, discounted credit loss across multiple scenarios 
(for example, base, positive, adverse).
a)    Recognition of expected credit losses
Aegon uses the "three-stage" model for impairment as outlined in IFRS 9, based on relative changes in credit quality since 
initial recognition. The table below shows the characteristics of the three stages.
Following the staging of financial instruments, Aegon incorporates multiple, forward looking macro- scenarios to drive 
the ECL provision. Forward-looking inputs used to measure ECLs must align with those used to assess significant increases 
in credit risk.
The Group uses different models to calculate ECL across asset classes. The following sections outline the Group’s key 
judgments and assumptions for each model.
For bonds and private placements, the Group uses a global correlation model that links credit quality movements across 
asset classes to macroeconomic trends. This model determines conditional PD and LGD under specific macroeconomic 
scenarios. Unconditional PD and LGD curves are developed using distinct methods for sovereign debt, corporate bonds, 
and private placements.
For commercial mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities, parameters are estimated using commercial mortgage 
metrics. These build on corporate bond PD and LGD estimates, adjusted for factors like debt service coverage and loan-to- 
value ratios.
Asset-backed securities are modeled separately, with instruments pooled by collateral type, and credit-loss parameters 
estimated collectively. For collateralized debt (loan) obligations (CDOs and CLOs), different models are applied depending 
on the region of the exposure.
The following tables contain an analysis of Aegon’s credit risk exposure for debt instruments and loans for which an ECL 
allowance is recognized. All asset categories not presented here are determined to have non-material credit risk or to be 
of a short-term nature (cash and cash equivalents, other receivables). The gross carrying amount of financial assets below 
also represents Aegon’s maximum exposure to credit risk on these assets.
Stage 1 Impaired Stage 2 Under-performing Stage 3 Non-performing
Purchased or Originated 
Credit Impaired (POCI)
ECL 12-month ECL Lifetime ECL Lifetime ECL Lifetime ECL
Provision Trigger n.a. Quantitative and 
Qualitative Triggers
Qualitative Triggers Qualitative Triggers
Days Past Due ("DPD") 
Backstop
Up to date and early 
arrears (< 30 DPD)
> 30 DPD (rebuttable 
presumption)
> 90 DPD (rebuttable 
presumption)
n.a.
Interest Income Interest calculated on 
gross carrying amount
Interest calculated on 
gross carrying amount
Interest calculated on net 
carrying amount
Interest calculated on net 
carrying amount using a 
credit-adjusted effective 
interest rate
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 4
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 137

[page 138]
b)    Significant increase in credit risk (SICR)
Aegon considers a financial instrument to have experienced an SICR when one or more of the following quantitative, 
qualitative, or backstop criteria have been met:
Quantitative criteria
The quantitative factor(s) should indicate whether the credit risk of an instrument has increased significantly since initial 
recognition. When making this assessment, Aegon shall use the change in the risk of a default occurring over the expected 
life of the financial instrument. Aegon uses a mix of relative and absolute thresholds. The relative threshold measures the 
increase in credit risk relative to origination. The absolute threshold defines a stage for each rating and is primarily used when 
the rating at origination is unavailable or when an instrument is already in default. The relative PD thresholds can be converted 
into rating-based thresholds using Moody’s standard rating to PD mappings. The difference between the PD at origination and 
the PD corresponding to the threshold determines the number of notches that the rating must drop by. For example, for a one- 
year-old instrument with a one-year remaining maturity this gives the following result:
Financial assets 
measured at FVOCI 
- with recycling Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3
Purchased 
credit 
impaired
2025 
Total Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3
Purchased 
credit 
impaired
2024 
Total
AAA 3,843 - - - 3,843 3,295 - - - 3,295
AA 7,787 - 1 - 7,788 9,100 - 1 - 9,101
A 18,394 - 9 - 18,403 19,443 - - - 19,443
BBB 18,050 84 - 1 18,135 20,724 7 - 1 20,732
BB 810 124 - - 934 949 157 - - 1,106
B 150 95 - - 245 361 95 - - 456
CCC and lower 48 55 221 74 398 85 79 289 91 544
Net carrying amount 49,082 358 232 75 49,747 53,957 337 291 92 54,677
Expected credit loss (189) (27) (130) (1) (347) (187) (42) (108) (4) (341)
Loans at 
amortized cost Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3
Purchased 
credit 
impaired
2025 
Total Stage 1 Stage 2
Stage 3
Purchased 
credit 
impaired
2024 
Total
Internal grade 1 847 - - - 847 977 35 - - 1,013
Internal grade 2 4,023 - - - 4,023 4,410 11 - - 4,421
Internal grade 3 4,304 15 - - 4,319 4,539 - 7 - 4,546
Internal grade 4 413 7 3 - 423 644 10 - - 654
Internal grade 5 - 93 - - 93 4 78 - - 81
Internal grade 6 - - - - - - - - - -
Internal grade 7 or lower - - - - - - - - - -
Gross carrying amount 9,587 115 3 - 9,705 10,573 135 7 - 10,716
Expected credit loss (11) (21) (1) - (33) (38) (75) (5) - (118)
Net carrying amount 9,575 94 2 - 9,672 10,535 60 2 - 10,598
Asset class Quantitative criteria Qualitative criteria Backstop criteria
Commercial mortgages Relative change in Forward-in-Time Probability of Default None 60 days past due backstop
Private loans Relative changes in rating Watchlist approach No other backstop applied
Debt securities Relative changes in rating Watchlist approach No other backstop applied
Structured finance Relative changes in rating Watchlist approach 30 days past due backstop
Deposits with financial 
institutions Relative changes in rating Watchlist approach No other backstop applied
Loan commitments Defined as for the respective loans to which the commitment relates
Financial guarantees Defined as for the respective exposures to which the financial guarantee relates
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
138 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 139]
Aegon groups PD values into ranges, shown in the table below. Each range includes minimum and maximum PDs for financial 
and corporate assets with maturities from 1 to 10 years. As Aegon US best represents the Group, PD data for the Americas 
is presented.
Qualitative criteria
For debt securities, private loans, structured finance securities and deposits with financial institutions the watchlist approach 
is applied as an additional qualitative criterion. Instruments on the watchlist are closely monitored. Assets are added to the 
watchlist if their fair value either drops to 80% and below the (amortized) cost price and stays there for six months; or the fair 
value falls by 20% over 3 months; or the fair value falls to 60% and below the (amortized) cost price. For debt securities and 
private loans, this assessment is performed at the counterparty level and on a periodic basis. The Group periodically reviews 
the criteria used to identify SICR for appropriateness. For loan commitments and financial guarantees, Aegon defines default 
consistently with the related loan or financial instrument, considering the same risk factors.
Backstop
A backstop is applied to exposures deemed to have experienced an SICR when the borrower is more than 30 days past due 
on contractual payments in structured finance and 60 days in commercial mortgage loans. No backstop is applied to the other 
asset classes.
Low credit risk exemption for debt instruments
Aegon has used the low credit risk exemption for debt instruments. Debt instruments that have a credit rating of "investment 
grade" (rating "BBB" or higher) are considered to have low credit risk. External and internal credit ratings are used, 
respectively, to assess whether an SICR has occurred for these assets.
2025 2024
PD range Minimum Maximum Minimum Maximum
AAA 0.0001 0.0018 0.0001 0.0021
AA 0.0002 0.0031 0.0002 0.0034
A 0.0006 0.0050 0.0006 0.0052
BBB 0.0016 0.0079 0.0017 0.0079
BB 0.0048 0.0133 0.0048 0.0131
B 0.0117 0.0320 0.0120 0.0307
CCC or lower 0.0209 1.0000 0.0196 1.0000
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 4
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 139

[page 140]
c)    Definition of default or credit-impaired assets
Aegon assesses a financial instrument to be in default or credit-impaired using the following criteria:
In addition to the criteria in the table above, Aegon identifies other indicators of unlikelihood of payment, such as a lack of 
future ability to generate cash flows, concerns about sources of recurring income, increased overall leverage of the borrower, 
material fraud, or the death of a client.
All the criteria above have been applied to Aegon’s financial instruments and align with the definition of default used for 
internal credit risk management purposes. This definition is consistently used in modeling PD and EAD throughout Aegon’s 
expected loss calculations.
An instrument is considered "cured" when it no longer meets any default criteria for six consecutive months and the obligor 
is assessed as likely to pay. This six-month period assesses the likelihood that a financial instrument will return to default 
status after cure, using different cure definitions.
d)    Measuring ECL – inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques
Aegon uses a set of variables describing the state of the macroeconomy as input to the calculation of the probability of 
default and prepayment.
Subject to using a maximum of a 12-month PD for financial assets for which credit risk has not significantly increased, 
the Group measures ECL considering the risk of default over the maximum contractual period (including any borrower’s 
extension options) over which Aegon is exposed to credit risk, even if the Group considers a longer period.
The lifetime PD for a financial instrument is calculated by summing the probabilities of all future developments that end up in 
the ECL. All possible future developments are enumerated, and a probability is estimated for each using statistical modeling 
techniques. The possibility of full prepayment is included among all possible future developments.
There have been no significant changes in estimation techniques or significant assumptions made during the reporting period.
e)    Forward-looking information incorporated in the ECL models
The assessment of SICR and the calculation of ECL both incorporate forward-looking information.
The impact of economic variables on ECL and lifetime PD varies by financial instrument, with expert judgment applied 
throughout the process. Forecasts for these variables (the “base economic scenario”) reflect Aegon’s best estimate 
for the next five years. Beyond that, a mean reversion approach is used, assuming variables return to long-term averages 
(for example, unemployment rates or GDP growth) over three years. A statistical regression analysis has been performed to 
assess how historical changes in macroeconomic variables have influenced default and prepayment rates.
Asset class Quantitative criteria Qualitative criteria
Commercial mortgages 90 days past due backstop Foreclosure
Sale at material credit-related economic loss
Debt securities and private 
loans
5 days past due backstop Rating falling to "D" (external or internal)
Breach of significant covenants without reasonably supportable 
waiver obtained
Distressed restructuring taking place
Bankruptcy or an equivalent of an injunction for the obligor was filed
Obligor was classified as default internally
Deposits with financial 
institution
5 days past due backstop Rating falling to "D" (external or internal)
Breach of significant covenants without reasonably supportable 
waiver obtained
Distressed restructuring taking place
Bankruptcy or an equivalent of an injunction for the obligor was filed
Obligor was classified as default internally
Structured securities 90 days past due backstop Rating falling to "D" (external or internal)
Loss coverage ratio (Ratio of credit-related losses to the par value of 
a debt security) is below 1
Receivables 90 days past due backstop
Loan commitments Defined as for the respective loans to which the commitment relates
Financial guarantee 
contracts
Defined as for the respective exposures to which the financial guarantee relates
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
140 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 141]
Starting from the base scenario, three macroeconomic scenarios — positive, neutral, and negative — are generated by applying 
shocks to macroeconomic variables, reflecting their historical correlations. These shocks correspond to the average 
deviation from the long-term mean observed in the best/worst 10% of historical quarters. ECL is calculated for each scenario, 
weighted accordingly, and then summed up. This multi-scenario approach ensures the ECL reflects a balanced estimate, not 
just the most likely scenario. The Group considers these forecasts to represent its best estimate of the possible outcomes.
Economic variable assumptions
The most significant period-end assumptions used for the ECL estimate are set out below. The scenarios “base,” “upside,” 
and “downside” were used for all portfolios.
Economic variable assumptions on 
December 31, 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Units
Interest rates Base 4.29 4.32 4.33 4.30 Interest Rates: 10-Year Treasury 
Constant Maturities, (% p.a., NSA )1
Interest rates Upside 4.39 4.41 4.33 4.30 Interest Rates: 10-Year Treasury 
Constant Maturities, (% p.a., NSA )1
Interest rates Downside 3.05 3.76 4.02 4.16 Interest Rates: 10-Year Treasury 
Constant Maturities, (% p.a., NSA )1
Unemployment rate Base 4.78 4.59 4.29 4.05 (%, SA)
Unemployment rate Upside 3.83 3.94 3.66 3.47 (%, SA)
Unemployment rate Downside 8.34 7.60 6.16 4.94 (%, SA)
House Price Index Base 429.08 438.87 455.20 471.22 Existing Single-Family Home Price: 
Median, (Ths. USD, SA)
House Price Index Upside 450.23 472.07 494.28 513.52 Existing Single-Family Home Price: 
Median, (Ths. USD, SA)
House Price Index Downside 362.72 383.66 404.10 420.99 Existing Single-Family Home Price: 
Median, (Ths. USD, SA)
Domestic GDP Base 24,484.94 24,932.78 25,485.10 26,129.71 Bil. Ch. 2012 USD, SAAR2
Domestic GDP Upside 24,887.20 25,401.41 26,012.56 26,724.26 Bil. Ch. 2012 USD, SAAR2
Domestic GDP Downside 23,372.80 23,689.06 24,425.29 25,270.54 Bil. Ch. 2012 USD, SAAR2
Equity Base 6,363.30 6,460.73 6,953.76 7,485.28 Standard & Poor's (S&P); Moody's 
Analytics Forecasted
Equity Upside 6,831.53 6,904.30 7,343.79 7,756.76 Standard & Poor's (S&P); Moody's 
Analytics Forecasted
Equity Downside 4,423.87 4,764.13 5,780.16 6,786.08 Standard & Poor's (S&P); Moody's 
Analytics Forecasted
Economic variable assumptions on 
December 31, 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Units
Interest rates Base 4.33 4.26 4.24
4.18 Interest Rates: 10-Year Treasury 
Constant Maturities, (% p.a., NSA )1
Interest rates Upside 4.43 4.35 4.24 4.18 Interest Rates: 10-Year Treasury 
Constant Maturities, (% p.a., NSA )1
Interest rates Downside 3.17 3.74 3.94 4.04 Interest Rates: 10-Year Treasury 
Constant Maturities, (% p.a., NSA )1
Unemployment rate Base 4.08 4.09 4.05 4.01 (%, SA)
Unemployment rate Upside 3.13 3.44 3.42 3.42 (%, SA)
Unemployment rate Downside 8.23 7.46 6.18 5.00 (%, SA)
House Price Index Base 419.04 424.10 434.08 448.91 Existing Single-Family Home Price: 
Median, (Ths. USD, SA)
House Price Index Upside 439.72 456.26 471.39 489.21 Existing Single-Family Home Price: 
Median, (Ths. USD, SA)
House Price Index Downside 354.16 369.92 385.26 401.39 Existing Single-Family Home Price: 
Median, (Ths. USD, SA)
Domestic GDP Base 23,973.45 24,343.12 24,819.66 25,356.09 Bil. Ch. 2012 USD, SAAR2
Domestic GDP Upside 24,319.86 24,807.47 25,341.29 25,943.15 Bil. Ch. 2012 USD, SAAR2
Domestic GDP Downside 22,959.57 23,369.09 24,147.35 24,980.66 Bil. Ch. 2012 USD, SAAR2
Equity Base 5,912.89 5,814.62 6,098.72 6,483.85 Standard & Poor's (S&P); Moody's 
Analytics Forecasted
Equity Upside 6,264.59 6,132.21 6,356.19 6,630.75 Standard & Poor's (S&P); Moody's 
Analytics Forecasted
Equity Downside 3,867.82 4,095.95 4,899.05 5,712.91 Standard & Poor's (S&P); Moody's 
Analytics Forecasted
1 NSA: National Security Agency.
2 SAAR: Seasonally adjusted annual rate.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 4
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 141

[page 142]
The weightings assigned to each economic scenario were as follows:
Other forward-looking factors, such as regulatory, legislative, or political changes, have been considered but are not deemed 
material and did not adjust ECL. This process is reviewed quarterly for continued appropriateness.
f)    Write-off policy
The Group writes off financial assets, in whole or in part, when it has exhausted all practical recovery efforts and no 
reasonable expectation of recovery remains. Indicators include (i) ceasing enforcement activity; and (ii) where Aegon’s 
recovery method is foreclosing on collateral, and the value of the collateral is not expected to fully recover.
Assets may still be subject to enforcement when written off. The contractual amounts written off in 2025 were not material. 
The Group continues to pursue full legal recovery, even for (partially) written-off assets.
g)    Modification of financial assets
The Group may modify loan terms through commercial renegotiations or for distressed loans to maximize recovery. 
Such restructuring activities include extended payment terms and penalty interest arrangements. Policies are based 
on management’s judgment of indicators suggesting continued payment and are reviewed continuously.
The risk of default of such assets after modification is assessed at the reporting date and compared with the risk under 
the original terms at initial recognition, when the modification is not substantial and so does not result in derecognition of 
the original asset. The Group monitors the subsequent performance of modified assets. Aegon may determine that the credit 
risk has significantly improved after restructuring, so that the assets are moved from Stage 3 or Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL) to 
Stage 1 (12-month ECL) (see note 4.2.6  Expected credit losses (a) for details of the Group ECL staging classification). 
This applies only to assets that have performed in accordance with the new terms for three consecutive months or more. 
The gross carrying amount of such assets held on December 31, 2025, was EUR 0 million (2024: EUR 0 million).
ECL developments in the reporting period
Aegon regularly monitors industry sectors and individual debt securities for sources of changes in the ECL allowance. 
These sources may include one or more of the following:
 
Transfers between Stages 1, 2, and 3 due to financial instruments experiencing significant increases (or decreases) 
of credit risk or becoming credit-impaired in the period, and the consequent “step up” (or “step down”) between 12-month 
and lifetime ECL;
 
Additional allowances for new financial instruments recognized during the period, as well as releases for financial 
instruments derecognized in the period;
 Impact on the measurement of ECL due to changes in PDs, EADs and LGDs in the period, arising from regular refreshing 
of inputs to models;
 Impacts on the measurement of ECL due to changes made to models and assumptions;
 Discount unwind within ECL due to the passage of time, as ECL is measured on a present value basis;
 Foreign exchange retranslations for assets denominated in foreign currencies and other movements; and
 Financial assets derecognized during the period and write-offs of allowances related to assets that were written off 
during the period.
Weightings Base Upside Downside
On December 31, 2025 40 30 30
On December 31, 2024 40 30 30
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
142 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 143]
For asset-backed securities, cash flow trends and collateral levels are also monitored. Furthermore, quality ratings of 
investment portfolios are based on a composite of the main rating agencies (S&P, Moody’s, and Fitch) and Aegon’s internal 
rating of the counterparty.
The following table on debt securities explains the changes in the loss allowance between the beginning and the end of the 
annual period due to these factors:
The ECL allowance for debt securities measured at FVOCI of EUR 347 million (2024: EUR 341 million) does not reduce the 
carrying amount of these investments (which are measured at fair value) but gives rise to an equal and opposite gain in OCI.
Expected credit losses on loans decreased by EUR 85 million to EUR 33 million during 2025 (2024: EUR 118 million). 
The decrease in expected credit losses was primarily driven by a mortgage loan in Aegon US and, to a lesser extent, 
by the stage transfer of an office facing occupancy and valuation challenges.
Based on the above, the following is a reconciliation of the loss allowance movements with an impact on the income 
statement with the net impairment charge presented in the income statement. Other represents impairment charges 
on asset types that are not individually material.
The following tables further explain changes in the gross carrying amount/market value  of the financial assets and 
their significance to the changes in the loss allowance for the same portfolio as discussed above:
ECL staging
Debt securities Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 POCI Total
Loss allowance on January 1, 2025 (187) (41) (108) (4) (341)
Transfers:
-     Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 2 (2) - - -
-     Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1 (1) 1 - - -
-     Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3 - 4 (4) - -
-     Transfer from Stage 3 to Stage 2 - (1) 1 - -
-     Transfer from Stage 3 to Stage 1 (9) - 9 - -
Impact of stage transfers on year-end ECL 9 (10) (51) - (52)
Financial assets derecognized during the period 30 15 28 - 73
New financial assets originated or purchased (29) - (14) - (43)
Change in models (26) 3 (5) 3 (24)
Net exchange differences 23 5 14 - 42
Loss allowance on December 31, 2025 (188) (27) (130) (1) (347)
Loss allowance on January 1, 2024 (147) (25) (64) (2) (238)
Transfers:
-     Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 4 (4) - - -
-     Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 3 1 - (1) - -
-     Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1 (5) 5 - - -
-     Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3 - 12 (12) - -
-     Transfer from Stage 3 to Stage 2 - (4) 4 - -
Impact of stage transfers on year-end ECL 2 (7) (50) - (54)
Financial assets derecognized during the period 18 3 35 -
56
New financial assets originated or purchased (38) (2) (2) - (42)
Change in models (12) (16) (14) (2) (45)
Net exchange differences (11) (2) (6) - (20)
Loss allowance on December 31, 2024 (187) (41) (108) (4) (341)
2025 2024
Loans measured at amortized cost 57 (88)
Debt securities measured at FVOCI (120) (140)
Other (6) (9)
Net impairment charge in profit or loss (69) (237)
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 4
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 143

[page 144]
The total amount of undiscounted ECL at initial recognition for purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets 
recognized during the period was EUR 1 million (2024: EUR 4 million).
ECL staging
Debt securities Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 POCI Total
Gross carrying amount on January 1, 2025 51,529 335 291 92 52,247
Transfers:
-     Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 (269) 269 - - -
-     Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 3 (12) - 12 - -
-     Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3 - (36) 36 - -
-     Transfer from Stage 3 to Stage 2 - 1 (1) - -
-     Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1 24 (24) - - -
-     Transfer from Stage 3 to Stage 1 12 - (12) - -
Derecognized assets (excl. write-offs) (8,729) (146) (75) (13) (8,963)
New financial assets originated or purchased 8,632 4 27 - 8,663
Unrealized gains/losses through equity 1,528 18 (46) (12) 1,488
Amortizations through income statement 115 1 27 19 162
Net exchange differences (6,035) (42) (33) (11) (6,120)
Other movements 7 (23) 14 - (2)
Transfer to/from other headings (21) - (7) - (28)
Gross carrying amount on December 31, 2025 46,782 358 232 75 47,446
Expected credit losses (188) (27) (130) (1) (347)
Gross carrying amount on January 1, 2024 46,461 357 325 100 47,242
Transfers:
-     Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 (200) 200 - - -
-     Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 3 (10) - 10 - -
-     Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3 - (48) 48 - -
-     Transfer from Stage 3 to Stage 2 - 7 (7) - -
-     Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1 150 (150) - - -
-     Transfer from Stage 3 to Stage 1 2 - (2) - -
Derecognized assets (excl. write-offs) (5,201) (69) (102) (21) (5,394)
New financial assets originated or purchased 8,421 21 (9) - 8,434
Unrealized gains/losses through equity (1,294) (7) (17) (10) (1,329)
Amortizations through income statement 94 1 27 17 138
Movements related to fair value hedges (2) - - - (2)
Net exchange differences 3,154 22 19 6 3,201
Other movements (1) - (1) - (2)
Transfer to/from other headings (45) 2 - - (43)
Gross carrying amount on December 31, 2024 51,529 335 291 92 52,247
Expected credit losses (187) (41) (108) (4) (341)
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
144 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 145]
The total amount of purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets recognized during the period was EUR 0 million 
(2024: EUR 0 million).
Sensitivity on ECL to future-economic conditions
Management performs a sensitivity analysis on the ECL recognized on material classes of its assets. As ECL is not material at 
the end of 2025 and 2024, the sensitivity of ECL is assessed as not material for 2025 and 2024.
4.3 Market risk
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices (for example, foreign exchange rates, interest rates) will affect the 
fulfillment cash flows of insurance and reinsurance contracts, as well as the fair value or future cash flows of financial 
instruments. The objective of market risk management is to control exposures within acceptable parameters while optimizing 
the return on risk. Aegon’s management of market risk comprises equity price risk, interest rate risk, and currency risk.
4.3.1 Equity market risk and other investments risk
Fluctuations in equity, real estate and capital markets have affected Aegon's profitability, capital position, and sales of equity- 
related products in the past and may continue to do so. Exposure exists on both assets and liabilities. On the asset side, Aegon 
is exposed through direct equity investments, bearing most of the return volatility and performance risk. On the liability side, 
exposure arises from insurance and investment contracts where policyholder funds are invested in equities, such as variable 
annuities, unit-linked products, and mutual funds. While most risk is with policyholders, lower returns can reduce Aegon’s asset 
management fees. Some products also carry minimum return or accumulation guarantees.
Transamerica’s dynamic hedge program covers variable annuities with guaranteed minimum death benefits (GMDB), 
guaranteed minimum income benefits (GMIB), and guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (GMWB). This program hedges 
equity and interest rate risks across the entire variable annuity portfolio, stabilizing cash flows and reducing market sensitivity 
on an economic basis. As of the middle of August 2025, Transamerica expanded its dynamic hedge program for Variable 
Annuities to further reduce its equity market exposure. The expansion now includes first order equity market exposure of 25% 
of the Variable Annuities base contracts held by Transamerica Life Insurance Company, Transamerica’s largest insurance 
carrier. This reduces the economic equity market sensitivity of the portfolio and further solidifies the run-off of the Variable 
Annuities portfolio. Transamerica also hedges equity risk arising from indexed universal life (IUL) and registered indexed linked 
annuity (RILA) product lines.
ECL staging
Loans Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Total
Gross carrying amount on January 1, 2025 10,574 135 7 10,716
Transfers:
-     Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 (22) 22 - -
-     Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3 - (3) 3 -
-     Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1 2 (2) - -
Derecognized assets (excl. write-offs) (654) (45) (8) (707)
New financial assets originated or purchased 934 23 - 957
Realized gains and losses through income statement 5 1 2 7
Net exchange differences (1,251) (16) (1) (1,268)
Gross carrying amount on December 31, 2025 9,588 115 3 9,705
Expected credit losses (11) (21) (1) (33)
Net carrying amount on December 31, 2025 9,576 94 2 9,672
Gross carrying amount on January 1, 2024 10,147 35 - 10,182
Transfers:
-     Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 (162) 162 - -
-     Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 3 (7) - 7 -
-     Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1 75 (75) - -
Derecognized assets (excl. write-offs) (633) (69) - (702)
New financial assets originated or purchased 483 76 - 559
Realized gains and losses through income statement 3 1 - 4
Net exchange differences 667 7 - 674
Other movements (1) (1) - (1)
Gross carrying amount on December 31, 2024 10,574 135 7 10,716
Expected credit losses (38) (75) (5) (118)
Net carrying amount on December 31, 2024 10,536 60 2 10,598
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 4
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 145

[page 146]
The table below sets forth the closing levels of certain major indices at the end of the last five years.
An analysis of Aegon’s sensitivity to a 10% and 25% increase or decrease in equity prices at the reporting date, assuming that 
all other variables remain constant, is presented below.
Equity, real 
estate and non- 
fixed income 
exposure Americas
United 
Kingdom International
Asset 
Management
2025 
Total Americas
United 
Kingdom International
Asset 
Management
2024 
Total
Equity funds 131 - - 9 140 145 - - 9 154
Common shares 70 16 6 - 92 95 14 5 - 114
Preferred shares 10 - - - 10 16 - - - 16
Investments in 
real estate 24 - 19 - 42 40 - 17 - 57
Hedge funds 4 - - - 4 7 - - - 7
Other alternative 
investments 2,468 - 2 - 2,470 2,682 - - - 2,682
Other financial 
assets 1 1,542 714 49 1 2,306 1,800 716 33 2 2,551
On December 31 4,249 731 75 10 5,065 4,785 730 56 10 5,582
1 Majority of Other financial assets contains Real estate Limited Partnership for Aegon US and Aegon enhanced fund for Aegon UK.
Market risk 
concentrations – 
shares Americas
United 
Kingdom International
Asset 
Management
2025 
Total Americas
United 
Kingdom International
Asset 
Management
2024 
Total
Communication 1 -
- - 1 2 - - - 2
Consumer 7 - - - 7 2 - - - 2
Financials 16 - 6 - 22 23 - 5 - 28
Funds 125 16 27 - 169 140 14 - - 154
Industries 12 - - - 12 6 - - - 6
Other 50 - 4 9 63 83 - 33 9 125
On December 31 211 16 37 9 273 256 14 39 9 317
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
S&P 500 6,846 5,882 4,770 3,840 4,766
Nasdaq 25,250 21,012 15,011 10,466 15,645
FTSE 100 9,931 8,173 7,733 7,452 7,385
AEX 951 879 787 689 798
2025 2024
Estimated approximate effects on: CSM Net result Equity CSM Net result Equity
10% increase in equity price
Financial instruments - 18 21 - (8) (6)
Insurance and reinsurance assets - 127 122 - (28) (30)
Insurance and reinsurance liabilities 298 (45) (47) 363 154 160
10% decrease in equity price
Financial instruments - (16) (19) - 8 1
Insurance and reinsurance assets - (176) (169) - 7 7
Insurance and reinsurance liabilities (299) 96 91 (331) (169) (178)
25% increase in equity price
Financial instruments - 41 50 - (24) (15)
Insurance and reinsurance assets - 277 267 - (95) (99)
Insurance and reinsurance liabilities 748 (70) (78) 916 398 413
25% decrease in equity price
Financial instruments - (31) (39) - 24 9
Insurance and reinsurance assets - (165) (159) - 326 340
Insurance and reinsurance liabilities (764) (80) (84) (847) (770) (807)
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
146 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 147]
Over 2025, the decreased CSM sensitivities resulted from the Variable Annuity base fee hedge implementation in 2025, 
which modifies the portfolio’s economic exposure and reduces sensitivity to market movements. The decrease of net equity 
sensitivities and directional changes in the sensitivities of (re)insurance assets and liabilities are due to growth in the 
Registered Index-Linked Annuity (RILA) product combined with Transamerica’s other strategic product, Indexed Universal Life 
(IUL). Sensitivities of these products have opposite sensitivities compared to the Variable Annuity (VA) products. More 
offsetting synergy was observed over 2025 as RILA/IUL continued to grow to offset VA resulting in sensitivity decrease.
4.3.2 Interest rate risk
Aegon bears interest rate risk with many of its products. When cash flows are highly predictable, investing in assets that 
closely match the cash flow profile of the liabilities can offset this risk. For some Aegon country units, local capital markets 
are not well developed, which prevents the complete matching of assets and liabilities. For some products, cash flows are 
less predictable due to policyholder actions that can be affected by interest rate levels.
In periods of rapidly increasing interest rates, policy loans, surrenders and withdrawals may increase. Premiums in flexible 
premium policies may decrease as policyholders seek investments with higher perceived returns. This activity may require 
Aegon to make cash payments by selling invested assets at a time when asset prices are adversely affected by rising market 
interest rates, resulting in realized investment losses. These cash payments to policyholders reduce total invested assets 
and the net result.
During periods of sustained low interest rates, Aegon may be unable to preserve margins due to minimum interest rate 
guarantees and minimum guaranteed crediting rates on policies. Also, investment returns may be lower because interest 
income on new fixed-income investments is likely to have declined with market interest rates. Mortgage loans and 
redeemable bonds in the investment portfolio are more likely to be repaid as borrowers seek to borrow at lower 
interest rates and Aegon may be required to reinvest the proceeds in securities bearing lower interest rates. Accordingly, the 
net result declines as a result of a decrease in the spread between returns on the investment portfolio and the interest rates 
either credited to policyholders or assumed in reserves.
Aegon actively manages interest rate risk, taking into account policyholder behavior and management actions. It uses 
advanced measurement techniques, derivatives, and other tools, as outlined in its Investment & Counterparty Risk policy, 
to limit exposure. Derivative use is governed by Aegon’s Derivative Use Policy, detailed in note 20 Derivatives.
The following table shows interest rates at the end of each of the past five years.
An analysis of Aegon’s sensitivity to a 100 basis points parallel increase or decrease in market interest rates at the reporting 
date, assuming that all other variables remain constant, is presented below:
Over 2025, CSM sensitivity increased primarily due to updates to Variable Annuity assumptions in 2025. Net result 
sensitivities increased driven by registered index-linked annuities (RILA) due to increased exposure from new business growth. 
Additionally, Shareholders’ equity sensitivity increased mainly because of higher Indexed unit linked (IUL) sensitivity within 
U.S. Protection Solutions Life line of business, which reduced liability sensitivity, and increased asset sensitivity driven by new 
business growth.
The exposures across our products vary, and we have several asymmetric exposures, which are mainly explained by certain 
US products.
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
3-month Term SOFR 3.65% 4.31% 5.33% 4.59% 0.91%
3-month EURIBOR 2.03% 2.71% 3.91% 2.13% -0.57%
10-year US Treasury 4.17% 4.57% 3.86% 3.83% 1.78%
2025 2024
Estimated approximate effects on: CSM Net result Equity CSM Net result Equity
100 bps increase - Yield curve
Financial instruments - (11) (662) - (12) (729)
Insurance and reinsurance assets (1) (553) (2,835) - (717) (3,596)
Insurance and reinsurance liabilities 87 656 3,047 49 742 4,009
100 bps decrease - Yield curve
Financial instruments - 14 780 - 15 859
Insurance and reinsurance assets - 695 3,257 - 957 4,255
Insurance and reinsurance liabilities (91) (872) (3,874) (50) (989) (5,113)
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 4
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 147

[page 148]
Stable Value Solutions (SVS) and parts of Universal Life feature stable surrender values and crediting rates. When interest 
rates rise, lapses become more attractive to customers, leading to losses due to market movements. Additionally, IFRS 9 
accounting rules create asymmetry, as they require negative SVS liabilities to be floored at zero in the event of falling 
interest rates.
Other longer-duration products, such as Long-Term Care and Unit-Linked policies with non-lapse or secondary guarantees, 
exhibit natural convexity, meaning they are more sensitive to falling interest rates, which negatively impact valuations, 
than to rising rates. This is due to expected premium inflows over 10–20 years, while claims continue for many years 
thereafter. The combination of these asymmetric exposures with more balanced ones across other products results in overall 
adverse sensitivities to both rising and falling interest rates.
4.3.3 Currency exchange rate risk
As an international group, Aegon faces foreign currency translation risk, primarily when policies are denominated in currencies 
other than the issuer’s functional currency. Currency risk in investment portfolios backing insurance and investment liabilities 
is managed through asset-liability matching principles. Assets allocated to equity are kept in local currencies to meet 
regulatory and self-imposed capital requirements. Therefore, fluctuations in the exchange rate affect shareholders’ equity 
through the translation of subsidiaries' balances into euros, Aegon’s presentation currency.
Aegon holds the remainder of its capital base (perpetual capital securities, subordinated and senior debt) in various 
currencies aligned with the book value of its country units, thereby mitigating currency effects on shareholders' equity and 
leverage ratios. However, income from the main non-euro units is not hedged, so earnings may fluctuate due to currency 
translation. With major operations in the Americas and the United Kingdom, Aegon’s primary exposures are to USD and GBP, 
which can significantly affect net results and shareholders’ equity.
Aegon’s Investment & Counterparty Risk Policy sets currency risk exposure limits at both the Group and regional levels. 
Direct currency speculation or program trading by country units is not allowed unless explicitly approved by the Group Risk 
and Capital Committee and the CEO. Assets should be held in, or hedged back to, the functional currency of the business. 
Where this is not possible or practical, remaining currency exposure should be well-documented, and limits are placed 
on the total exposure at both the Group and country units’ level.
Information on Aegon's historical net result and shareholders' equity in functional currency are shown in the table below:
The summary of quantitative information about Aegon’s exposure to currency risk arising from insurance and reinsurance 
contracts and financial instruments is as follows:
Aegon Group companies' foreign currency exposure from monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies 
(that is, other than the entity's functional currency), is not material.
Sensitivity analysis of net result and shareholders' equity to translation risk
The sensitivity analysis in the following table shows an estimate of the translation effect of movements in the exchange rates 
of functional currencies of foreign subsidiaries against the euro presentation currency of the Group's financial statements 
on net income and shareholders' equity.
2025 2024 2023
Net result
Americas (in USD) 423 198 (266)
United Kingdom (in GBP) 24 56 26
Equity in functional currency
Americas (in USD) 5,599 3,838 3,690
United Kingdom (in GBP) 1,087 1,198 1,256
2025 2024
EUR GBP USD Other Total EUR GBP USD Other Total
Financial instruments - assets 722 1,437 66,487 689 69,335 729 1,588 72,942 819 76,078
Financial instruments - liabilities 2,774 58,644 41,641 - 103,059 2,823 51,034 44,925 - 98,783
Insurance and reinsurance contract - assets 8 1 17,110 52 17,171 7 3 16,090 46 16,147
Insurance and reinsurance contract - liabilities 712 65,978 126,161 4,693 197,544 720 66,675 137,867 5,730 210,993
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
148 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 149]
4.4 Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is inherent in Aegon’s business, as each asset and liability has distinct liquidity characteristics. Some liabilities are 
surrenderable, while some assets - such as private placements, mortgage loans, real estate, and limited partnerships - are 
less liquid. If Aegon needs substantial cash beyond normal requirements and available credit facilities, it may struggle to sell 
these assets in the short term or at attractive prices. Liquidity risk is also affected by the use of collateralized derivatives to 
mitigate other risks.
Aegon’s Liquidity Risk Policy requires country units to maintain sufficient levels of highly liquid assets to meet cash demands 
by policyholders and account holders over two years. Potential cash demands are assessed under stress scenarios including 
rising interest rates, multiple downgrades of the Group's credit rating, and spikes in disintermediation (or lapses). At the same 
time, the liquidity of non-cash and non-government assets is assumed to be severely impaired. All legal entities and the Group 
must maintain sufficient liquidity to meet obligations under these extreme scenarios.
Aegon held EUR 13,976 million of investments in cash, money market products, and government bonds that are readily 
saleable or redeemable on demand (2024: EUR 16,291 million, excluding the investments of the disposal group). The Group 
expects to meet its obligations, even during a stressed liquidity event, from operating cash flows, the proceeds of maturing 
assets, and these highly liquid assets. Further, the Group has access to back-up credit facilities, as disclosed in note 31 
Borrowings, amounting to EUR 1,351 million which were unused at the end of the reporting period (2024: EUR 1,544 million).
The maturity analysis on the next page shows the remaining contractual maturities of each category of financial liabilities 
(including coupon interest). When the counterparty has a choice of when an amount is paid, the liability is included 
on the basis of the earliest date on which it can be required to be paid. Financial liabilities that can be required to be paid 
on demand without any delay are reported in the category "On demand." If a notice period is specified, it has been assumed 
that notice is given immediately, and the repayment has been presented for the earliest date after the end of the notice period. 
When the amount payable is not fixed, the amount reported is determined by reference to the conditions existing at the 
reporting date. For example, when the amount payable varies with changes in an index, the disclosed amount may be based on 
the index level as of the reporting date.
To manage liquidity risk arising from financial liabilities, Aegon holds liquid assets, including cash and cash equivalents and 
investment-grade securities for which there is an active, liquid market. These assets can be readily sold to meet liquidity 
requirements. For this reason, Aegon believes that it is not necessary to disclose a maturity analysis in respect of these 
assets to enable users to evaluate the nature and extent of liquidity risk.
Aegon's liquidity management is based on expected claims and benefit payments rather than on the contractual maturities. 
The projected cash flows in the table below (Maturity analysis – insurance and reinsurance contracts) reflect management’s 
best estimates of gross benefits and expenses, partially offset by expected premiums, fees, and charges from in-force 
business.
These estimates are based on assumptions from Aegon’s historical experience and on recent trends. Actual payments may 
differ if experience varies from these assumptions. The projections are presented on an undiscounted, pre-tax, and pre- 
reinsurance basis.
Estimated translation effect of movement in exchange rates 1 Net income Equity
2025
Increase by 15% of USD exchange rate 63 889
Increase by 15% of GBP exchange rate 4 226
Increase by 15% of non-euro exchange rate 90 1,259
Decrease by 15% of USD exchange rate (50) (656)
Decrease by 15% of GBP exchange rate (3) (167)
Decrease by 15% of non-euro exchange rate (66) (931)
2024
Increase by 15% of USD exchange rate 43 734
Increase by 15% of GBP exchange rate 8 264
Increase by 15% of non-euro exchange rate 72 1,126
Decrease by 15% of USD exchange rate (31) (543)
Decrease by 15% of GBP exchange rate (6) (195)
Decrease by 15% of non-euro exchange rate (53) (832)
1 The effect of currency exchange movements is reflected as a one-time shift up or down in the value of the non-euro currencies relative to the euro on 
December 31.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 4
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 149

[page 150]
Maturity analysis - insurance and reinsurance contracts
The following tables provide a maturity analysis of Aegon’s insurance and reinsurance contracts, which reflects the dates 
on which the cash flows are expected to occur. The undiscounted net cash flows below represent the undiscounted best 
estimate liability for the relevant periods.
For liquidity risk arising from contracts within the scope of IFRS 17, Aegon shows in below table the amounts that are payable 
on demand, disclosing the relationship between such amounts and the carrying amount of the related portfolios of contracts.
Most Aegon insurance products and investment contracts with discretionary participation features include investment- 
related or investment-return services, under which policyholders may surrender or early terminate their contracts to receive 
their current account value, net of contractual penalties, after a specified notional period. The current account value reflects 
the fair value of underlying investments. Main product types where such demand features exist are permanent life insurance 
products and annuities issued in the Americas, and unit-linked contracts issued in Europe.
Undiscounted best estimate liability < 1 yr 1 < 2 yrs 2 < 3 yrs 3 < 4 yrs 4 < 5 yrs > 5 yrs Total
2025
Insurance contracts:
- Direct participation contracts 10,502 9,904 9,237 8,684 8,567 132,619 179,513
- Without direct participation contracts 2,455 2,288 2,330 2,438 2,531 160,468 172,510
Investment contracts with DPF:
- Direct participation contracts 2,136 2,028 1,859 1,660 1,614 21,208 30,505
Reinsurance contracts liability 10 11 11 12 12 306 362
Total 15,103 14,230 13,437 12,794 12,725 314,602 382,890
2024
Insurance contracts:
- Direct participation contracts 10,086 9,874 9,554 8,886 8,689 156,595 203,683
- Without direct participation contracts 3,238 2,962 2,777 2,782 2,849 170,682 185,290
Investment contracts with DPF:
- Direct participation contracts 1,880 1,964 1,911 1,688 1,681 23,816 32,940
Reinsurance contracts liability 20 21 20 20 20 827 928
Total 15,224 14,821 14,261 13,376 13,239 351,920 422,841
Expected release of risk adjustment < 1 yr 1 < 2 yrs 2 < 3 yrs 3 < 4 yrs 4 < 5 yrs > 5 yrs Total
2025
Insurance contracts:
- Direct participation contracts 35 31 27 27 26 328 474
- Without direct participation contracts 41 37 38 40 41 2,464 2,660
Investment contracts with DPF:
- Direct participation contracts 10 9 7 7 7 57 97
Reinsurance contracts liability
(2) (2) (2) (2) (2) (22) (30)
Total 84 76 70 72 72 2,827 3,201
2024
Insurance contracts:
- Direct participation contracts 31 30 27 27 26 395 535
- Without direct participation contracts 53 48 45 44 45 2,525 2,760
Investment contracts with DPF:
- Direct participation contracts 10 9 7 8 8 71 112
Reinsurance contracts liability (15) (13) (12) (11) (11) (299) (361)
Total 79 74 67 68 68 2,691 3,047
2025 2024
Liabilities arising from (re)insurance contracts
Amount 
payable on 
demand
Carrying 
amount
Amount 
payable on 
demand
Carrying 
amount
Insurance contracts:
- Direct participation contracts 122,098 128,354 129,566 136,033
- Without direct participation contracts 37,919 47,269 40,782 50,767
Reinsurance contracts held, in a liability position 1 2 - -
On December 31 160,018 175,624 170,348 186,801
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
150 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 151]
Maturity analysis – financial instruments
The following tables present the Group's maturity analysis for its financial instruments, based on the undiscounted 
contractual net cash inflows and outflows on derivative instruments that settle on a gross and net basis. Also, the gross 
undiscounted inflows and outflows on non-derivatives.
For maturity information on other obligations, please see note 39 Commitments and contingencies.
5 Segment information
Aegon’s operating segments are based on the businesses as presented in internal reports that are regularly reviewed 
by the Executive Director, who is regarded as the chief operating decision maker. All reportable segments are involved in 
insurance or reinsurance business, asset management or services related to these activities. The reportable segments are:
 Americas: business units in the United States (excluding Aegon AM US), including any of the units’ activities located outside 
of the United States;
 United Kingdom: business activities from platform business and traditional insurance in the United Kingdom;
 International: operations in Spain & Portugal, China, Brazil, Bermuda, Hong Kong, and Singapore, including any of the units’ 
activities located outside these countries;
 
Asset Management: business activities from AAM Global Platforms and Strategic Partnerships; and
 Holding and other activities: financing, employee and other administrative expenses of holding companies.
The Netherlands, which covered business activities from Aegon the Netherlands, ceased to be a reporting segment following 
the completion of the transaction with a.s.r. in 2023.
Derivatives - Undiscounted 
contractual cash flows 1 On demand < 1 yr 1 < 2 yrs 2 < 3 yrs 3 < 4 yrs 4 < 5 yrs > 5 yrs Total
2025
Gross settled
Cash inflows - 893 192 141 175 128 1,867 3,395
Cash outflows - (839) (176) (126) (182) (116) (1,742) (3,180)
Net settled
Cash inflows - 449 308 299 235 241 4,348 5,881
Cash outflows - (436) (280) (237) (221) (223) (7,828) (9,224)
2024
Gross settled
Cash inflows - 1,301 182 218 153 196 2,603 4,653
Cash outflows - (1,241) (135) (191) (134) (194) (2,450) (4,345)
Net settled
Cash inflows - 582 425 380 323 286 6,587 8,583
Cash outflows - (475) (360) (323) (259) (246) (11,644) (13,308)
1 Derivatives include all financial derivatives regardless of whether they have a positive or a negative value. It does not include bifurcated embedded derivatives. 
These are presented together with the host contract. For interest rate derivatives only, cash flows related to the pay leg are taken into account for determining 
the gross undiscounted cash flows.
Non-derivatives - Undiscounted 
gross contractual cash flows On demand < 1 yr 1 < 2 yrs 2 < 3 yrs 3 < 4 yrs 4 < 5 yrs > 5 yrs Total
2025
Trust pass-through securities - 83 3 3 3 3 61 156
Subordinated loans - 78 78 59 40 40 2,234 2,529
Borrowings - 94 713 48 48 48 1,004 1,956
Investment contracts 38,487 58,621 104 21
3 12 41 97,290
Lease liabilities - 31 28 26 22 17 96 219
Other financial liabilities 2,877 1,099 36 4 - - - 4,016
2024
Trust pass-through securities - 10 94 3 3 3 72 187
Subordinated loans - 88 88 88 67 46 2,577 2,954
Borrowings - 1,155 588 805 51 51 1,112 3,762
Investment contracts 39,959 50,922 9 118 24 4 60 91,095
Lease liabilities - 37 30 27 25 21 123 261
Other financial liabilities 3,419 856 27 - 4 - - 4,307
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 5
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 151

[page 152]
Aegon’s segment information is prepared by consolidating on a proportionate basis Aegon’s joint ventures (JVs) 
and associated companies except for its approximate 24% stake in a.s.r. The result of associate a.s.r. is included in 
Other income / (charges).
Performance Measure
Aegon uses the non-IFRS performance measure operating result that reflects Aegon’s profit before tax from underlying 
business operations and mainly excludes components that relate to accounting mismatches, that are dependent on market 
volatility or relate to events that are considered outside of the normal course of business.
The reconciliation from the result before tax from continuing operations, being the most comparable IFRS measure, to 
operating result is presented later in this note. Items excluded from operating result are fair value items, realized gains/ 
(losses) on investments, impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses, and other income/(charges).
Realized gains/(losses) on investments includes realized gains and losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost. 
Impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses reflect the change in ECL for financial assets.
Fair value items include:
 Over- or underperformance of investments and guarantees held at fair value for which management's best estimate 
investment return is included in operating result;
 Hedge ineffectiveness on hedge transactions, fair value changes on economic hedges without natural offset in earnings 
and for which no hedge accounting is applied and fair value movements on real estate are included under fair value items;
 Certain assets held by Aegon are carried at fair value and managed on a total return basis, with no offsetting changes in 
the valuation of related liabilities. These include assets such as investments in hedge funds, private equities, real estate 
(limited partnerships), convertible bonds and structured products;
 Certain products offered by Aegon Americas contain guarantees and are reported on a fair value basis and include the total 
return annuities and variable annuities. The earnings on these products are impacted by movements in equity markets and 
risk-free interest rates. Short-term developments in the financial markets may therefore cause volatility in earnings;
 Changes in value of VFA products that result in (a reversal of) onerous contracts;
 Changes in discount rates for General model insurance contracts, including the revaluation of changes in non-financial 
assumptions and experience adjustments that adjust CSM to current interest rates.
Other income / (charges) include:
 The impact of changes in actuarial assumptions and model updates on onerous contracts;
 The impact of changes in financial assumptions and the passage of time on onerous groups of VFA contracts to which 
no risk mitigation is applied;
 Other items that are outside of the normal course of business, including restructuring charges.
In the Consolidated income statement, for onerous contracts, actuarial assumption and model updates are included in 
Insurance service result. Restructuring charges are included in Other operating expenses.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
152 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 153]
Segment results
The following table presents Aegon's segment results.
The Other charges of the Americas in 2025 are mainly due to unfavorable assumption updates, reserves for legal cases and 
restructuring charges.
The Other charges of the Americas in 2024 are mainly due to unfavorable assumption updates and restructuring charges.
Impairment losses in the Americas were mainly related to ECL balance increases for bonds and mortgages following a more 
adverse economic scenario output and real estate occupancy rates.
Segment results 
 
For the year ended December 31, 2025 Americas
United 
Kingdom
Interna- 
tional
Asset 
Manage- 
ment
Holding 
and other 
activities
Elimi- 
nations
Segment 
total
JVs and 
associates 
elimi- 
nations
Consoli- 
dated
Operating result 1,209 219 224 217 (224) 58 1,702 137 1,840
Fair value items 27 (69) (28) - 42 108 80 (22) 58
Realized gains / (losses) on investments (296) - 48 - - - (248) (50) (297)
Impairment (losses) / reversals (60) - (2) (2) - - (64) 1 (63)
Non-operating items (328) (69) 18 (2) 42 108 (231) (71) (302)
Other income / (charges) (518) (90) (21) (20) 217 115 (317) (176) (493)
Result before tax from continuing operations 362 60 221 195 35 281 1,154 (109) 1,045
Income tax (expense) / benefit 12 (32) (69) (54) 29 (59) (174) 109 (65)
Net result 374 28 152 141 64 222 980 - 980
Inter-segment operating result (647) (83) 120 123 265 222
Revenues
Insurance contracts
- Insurance contracts: direct part. 999 269 2 - - - 1,270 (1) 1,269
- Insurance contracts: without direct part.
7,478 76 1,745 - - (39) 9,261 (1,510) 7,751
Investment contracts with DPF
- Insurance contracts: direct part. - 77 - - - - 77 - 77
Insurance revenue 8,477 422 1,748 - - (39) 10,608 (1,511) 9,097
Interest revenue on financial instruments calculated using 
the effective interest method 3,162 64 59 1 45 (7) 3,325 (5) 3,320
Interest income from instruments measured at FVPL 298 518 1 15 - - 832 - 832
Other investment income 13 2,008 131 17 732 (732) 2,170 (146) 2,024
Fee and commission income 1,724 311 25 669 - (147) 2,583 (193) 2,390
Other revenues - - 37 1 - - 38 (38) -
Total revenues 13,675 3,323 2,001 704 777 (925) 19,556 (1,893) 17,664
Inter-segment revenues 40 - - 149 736
Segment results 
 
For the year ended December 31, 2024 Americas
United 
Kingdom
Interna- 
tional
Asset 
Manage- 
ment
Holding 
and other 
activities
Elimi- 
nations
Segment 
total
JVs and 
associates 
elimi- 
nations
Consoli- 
dated
Operating result 1,062 198 183 201 (209) 50 1,485 234 1,719
Fair value items (161) (67) 2 2
23 (7) (208) (1) (209)
Realized gains / (losses) on investments (51) - 15 - - - (36) (17) (53)
Impairment (losses) / reversals (224) - (12) - - - (236) 7 (229)
Non-operating items (435) (67) 5 2 23 (7) (480) (11) (491)
Other income / (charges) (452) (48) 2 (45) 326 (28) (245) (324) (568)
Result before tax from continuing operations 175 83 189 158 140 14 760 (100) 660
Income tax (expense) / benefit 8 (16) (59) (48) 31 - (85) 100 16
Net result 183 67 130 110 171 14 676 - 676
Inter-segment operating result (596) (86) 267 131 269 14
Revenues
Insurance contracts
- Insurance contracts: direct part. 1,101 257 2 - - - 1,361 (1) 1,360
- Insurance contracts: without direct part. 8,001 206 1,671 - - (45) 9,833 (1,433) 8,400
Investment contracts with DPF
- Insurance contracts: direct part. - 80 - - - - 80 - 80
Insurance revenue 9,102 543 1,674 - - (45) 11,275 (1,434) 9,841
Interest revenue on financial instruments calculated using 
the effective interest method
3,117 76 70 1 76 (11) 3,330 (5)
3,325
Interest income from instruments measured at FVPL 346 463 1 13 - - 823 - 823
Other investment income 16 2,050 111 15 475 (475) 2,192 (124) 2,069
Fee and commission income 1,761 283 25 643 - (153) 2,558 (179) 2,378
Other revenues - - 34 1 - - 35 (35) -
Total revenues 14,342 3,414 1,915 673 552 (684) 20,213 (1,777) 18,436
Inter-segment revenues 46 - - 154 483
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 5
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 153

[page 154]
On July 4, 2023, Aegon announced the completion of the combination of its Dutch pension, life and non-life insurance, banking, 
and mortgage origination activities with a.s.r., and the beginning of its asset management partnership with a.s.r. As part of 
the transaction, Aegon received EUR 2.2 billion in cash proceeds and almost 30% stake in a.s.r. In light of the transaction, 
Aegon the Netherlands is no longer reported as a separate segment, and its first-half 2023 results are included in Other 
charges in the income statement.
The Other charges of the Americas in 2023 are mainly due to unfavorable assumption updates and restructuring charges.
Operating result reconciliation
The reconciliation from Operating result to Result before tax from continuing operations, being the most comparable 
IFRS measure, is presented in the table below. For items that cannot be directly reconciled to the notes, the explanation 
appears below the table.
Segment results 
 
For the year ended December 31, 2023 Americas
The 
Nether- 
lands 1
United 
Kingdom
Interna- 
tional
Asset 
Manage- 
ment
Holding 
and other 
activities
Elimi- 
nations
Segment 
total
JVs and 
associates 
elimi- 
nations
Consoli- 
dated
Operating result 1,107 - 214 196 145 (173) 10 1,498 19 1,517
Fair value items 138 - (76) (1) (8) 24 (1) 76 9 85
Realized gains / (losses) on investments (683) - - 24 - - - (659) (30) (689)
Impairment (losses) / reversals (62) - - (23) - (7) - (92) 2 (90)
Non-operating items (607) - (76) (1) (8) 17 (1) (675) (19) (695)
Other income / (charges) (961) (65) (85) (110) (31) 110 2 (1,140) (90) (1,230)
Result before tax (460) (65) 52 85 106 (46) 11 (317) (91) (408)
Income tax (expense) / benefit 214 - (23) (69) (36) 31 - 118 91 209
Net result (246) (65) 29 16 70 (14) 11 (199) - (199)
Inter-segment operating result (569) (48) (75) 256 150 274 11
Revenues
Insurance contracts
- Insurance contracts: direct part. 9,468 - 600 1,095 - - (51) 11,112 (1,490) 9,622
- Insurance contracts: without direct part. - - - 700 - - - 700 - 700
Investment contracts with DPF
- Insurance contracts: direct part. - - 64 - - - - 64 - 64
Insurance revenue 9,468 - 663 1,795 - - (51) 11,876 (1,490) 10,386
Interest revenue on financial instruments 
calculated using the effective interest method 3,108 - 58 87 2 90 (6) 3,339 (3) 3,336
Interest income from instruments measured at 
FVPL 339 - 486 1 - - - 826 - 826
Other investment income 14 - 1,818 104 14 498 (498) 1,950 (116) 1,833
Fee and commission income 1,653 - 214 34 632 - (158) 2,376 (215) 2,160
Other revenues - - - 37 1 - - 38 (38) -
Total revenues 14,582 - 3,239 2,058 649 589 (713) 20,404 (1,862) 18,541
Inter-segment revenues 49 - - 1 172 500
1 The net result represents the standalone result of ‘The Netherlands’. After elimination, the remaining result is EUR (17). See note 45 Held for sale and 
discontinued operations in the annual report of 2023 for more details.
Note 2025 2024 2023
Result before tax from continuing operations 1,045
660 (391)
Elimination of share in earnings of joint ventures and associates (137) (234) (19)
Insurance revenue 6 (11) 2 (15)
Insurance service expenses 7 456 428 427
Net income / (expenses) on reinsurance held 8 (33) (56) (23)
Net fair value change of financial investments at fair 
value through profit or loss, other than derivatives
9.4 / 10.4
(871) (240) (224)
Net fair value change of derivatives 9.4 / 10.4 (4) 3 (7)
Realized gains and losses on financial investments 9.4 / 10.4 251 93 683
Net fair value change on investments in real estate 9.4 / 10.4 (10) (1) (2)
Impairment (losses) / reversals 9.5 / 10.5 63 229 90
Insurance finance income / (expenses) 9 802 440 375
Net reinsurance finance income / (expenses) on reinsurance held 9 (24) (13) (85)
Investment contract income / (expenses) 10 (13) (6) (5)
Fee and commission income 12 (6) (21) (11)
Commissions and expenses 13 320 342 597
Other income 14 (129) (146) (18)
Other charges 14 6 6 79
Results of businesses disposed during reporting periods - - 48
Operating result 1,702 1,485 1,498
Tax effect1 (371) (309) (246)
Operating result after tax 1,332 1,176 1,252
1 Tax effect was calculated using the respective operating segment's statutory rate and presented on consolidated basis.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
154 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 155]
 Insurance service expenses are mainly driven by three items: assumption changes on onerous contracts included 
in Other income / (charges) amounting to a loss of EUR 217 million (2024: loss of EUR 472 million), experience adjustments 
that relate to current service included in Other income / (charges) amounting to a loss of EUR 122 million (2024: EUR 5 
million), changes in value of VFA products that result in (a reversal of) onerous contracts included in Fair value items, 
amounting to a loss of EUR 27 million (2024: gain of 57 million).
 Net fair value change of financial investments at fair value through profit or loss, other than derivatives reflects the over- or 
underperformance of investments and guarantees held at fair value for which the expected long-term return is included 
in the operating result.
 Insurance finance income / (expenses) mainly relate to changes in discount rates, amounting to a loss of EUR 802 million 
(2024: loss of EUR 440 million), which is included in Fair value items.
 Commissions and expenses, which are included in Other income / (charges), relate to items that cannot be directly allocated 
to a specific line of business and restructuring charges.
Other selected income statement items
Number of employees
Americas
United 
Kingdom International
Asset 
Management
Holding and other 
activities Total
2025
Amortization of deferred expenses and future servicing 
rights and other intangibles (24) (4) - (12) - (40)
Depreciation (43) (14) (5) (2) (14) (77)
Impairment losses / (reversals) on financial assets, 
excluding receivables (62) - (1) - - (63)
Impairment losses / (reversals) on non- financial assets 
and receivables (4) - - (2) - (6)
2024
Amortization of deferred expenses and future servicing 
rights and other intangibles (23) (5) - (12) - (40)
Depreciation (65) (13) (5) (1) (9) (94)
Impairment losses / (reversals) on financial assets, 
excluding receivables (223) - (5) - - (228)
Impairment losses / (reversals) on non- financial assets 
and receivables (9) - - - - (9)
2023
Amortization of deferred expenses and future servicing 
rights and other intangibles (24) (2) (1) (6) - (33)
Depreciation (64) (12) (5) (2) (14) (97)
Impairment losses / (reversals) on financial assets, 
excluding receivables (59) - - - - (59)
Impairment losses / (reversals) on non- financial assets 
and receivables (32) - (21) - (7) (60)
Americas
United 
Kingdom International
Asset 
Management
Holding and other 
activities Total
2025
Number of employees - headcount 1 6,844 2,833 3,189 1,350 1,088 15,304
Of which Aegon's share in JV and associates 2 - - 2,364 275 - 2,639
2024
Number of employees - headcount 1 6,996 2,861 3,319 1,366 1,040 15,582
Of which Aegon's share in JV and associates 2 - - 2,552 226
- 2,778
2023
Number of employees - headcount 1 6,967 2,591 3,654 1,409 1,037 15,658
Of which Aegon's share in JV and associates 2 - 49 2,936 219 - 3,204
1 Includes direct employees and tied agents
2 Excludes a.s.r., as the results of this associate are not included in Operating result.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 5
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 155

[page 156]
Summarized assets and liabilities per segment
Investments in the above table are presented on an IFRS basis, which means that investments in joint ventures and associates 
are not consolidated on a proportionate basis. Instead, these investments are included on a single line using the equity 
method of accounting.
On December 31, 2025 Americas
United 
Kingdom International
Asset 
management
Holding and other 
activities Eliminations Total
Assets
Cash and Cash equivalents 802 211 101 166 1,453 - 2,733
Investments 158,284 125,128 1,487 230 11 - 285,141
Investments in joint ventures - - 1,065 502 - - 1,566
Investments in associates 78 - - 296 2,264 - 2,638
Reinsurance contract assets 17,092 1 4,165 - - (4,106) 17,153
Insurance contract assets 18 - - - - - 18
Deferred expenses 438 14 - - - - 452
Other assets 5,509 1,568 149 357 9,032 (9,084) 7,530
Total assets 182,221 126,923 6,968 1,551 12,760 (13,190) 317,233
Liabilities
Reinsurance contract liabilities 7 4 184 - - - 195
Insurance contract liabilities 130,447 44,705 5,208 - - (4,292) 176,067
Investment contracts with DPF - 21,269 12 - - - 21,281
Investment contracts without DPF 39,170 58,644 - - - - 97,814
Other liabilities 7,744 1,056 220 326 3,264 (230) 12,380
Total liabilities 177,368 125,678 5,624 326 3,264 (4,522) 307,738
On December 31, 2024 Americas
United 
Kingdom International
Asset 
management
Holding and other 
activities Eliminations Total
Assets
Cash and Cash equivalents 1,049 231 110 162 1,917 - 3,469
Investments 173,726 118,218 1,599 162 11 - 293,716
Investments in joint ventures - - 1,020 483 - - 1,503
Investments in associates - - - 289 2,833 - 3,122
Reinsurance contract assets 15,968 3 5,183 - - (5,133) 16,021
Insurance contract assets 122 - 3 - - - 125
Deferred expenses 473 17 - - - - 490
Other assets 6,622 1,585 163 438 8,251 (8,114) 8,944
Total assets 197,960 120,054 8,078 1,534 13,011 (13,247) 327,390
Liabilities
Reinsurance contract liabilities 90 5 208 - - - 303
Insurance contract liabilities 142,996 44,339 6,243 - - (5,219) 188,359
Investment contracts with DPF - 22,332 - - - - 22,332
Investment contracts without DPF 40,728 50,942 - - - - 91,669
Other liabilities 10,318 988 226 378 3,698 (192) 15,414
Total liabilities 194,131 118,605 6,676 378 3,698 (5,411) 318,077
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
156 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 157]
Investments
Americas
United 
Kingdom International
Asset 
Management
Holding 
and other 
activities
2025 
Total
Shares 211 15,315 60 9 - 15,595
Debt securities 48,104 6,871 1,125 102 - 56,202
Unconsolidated investment funds 92,292 98,164 215 - - 190,671
Loans 9,753 1,714 3 - 11 11,481
Other financial assets 7,900 2,627 67 119 - 10,713
Investments in real estate 24 437 19 - - 479
Total investments on balance sheet 158,284 125,128 1,487 230 11 285,141
Off-balance sheet investments third parties 220,501 158,105 4,602 223,228 - 606,437
Total revenue-generating investments 378,786 283,233 6,089 223,459 11 891,578
Investments
Financial assets measured at FVOCI
- Backing insurance contracts without direct part. 39,952 - 1,158 - - 41,109
- Non-insurance related assets 8,540 - 7 100 - 8,648
Financial assets measured at FVPL
- Backing direct part. insurance contracts 65,746 43,592 243 - - 109,580
- Backing insurance contracts without direct part. 6,811 990 43 - - 7,845
- Backing direct part. investment contracts - 21,441 - - - 21,441
- Non-insurance related assets 27,540 58,668 18 94 - 86,320
Financial assets measured at amortized cost 9,671 - 1 36 11 9,719
Investments in real estate 24 437 19 - - 479
Total investments on balance sheet 158,284 125,128
1,487 230 11 285,141
Americas
United 
Kingdom International
Asset 
Management
Holding 
and other 
activities
2024 
Total
Shares 256 15,196 54 9 - 15,515
Debt securities 52,572 6,952 1,279 88 - 60,890
Unconsolidated investment funds 101,401 91,172 202 - - 192,775
Loans 10,679 2,051 2 - 11 12,743
Other financial assets 8,778 2,389 45 66 - 11,278
Investments in real estate 40 457 17 - - 514
Total investments on balance sheet 173,726 118,218 1,599 162 11 293,716
Off-balance sheet investments third parties 228,398 149,282 4,507 221,192 - 603,380
Total revenue-generating investments 402,124 267,500 6,106 221,354 11 897,096
Investments
Financial assets measured at FVOCI
- Backing insurance contracts without direct participation 45,424 - 1,332 - - 46,757
- Non-insurance related assets 7,906 - 7 46 - 7,959
Financial assets measured at FVPL
- Backing direct participation insurance contracts 73,233 43,712 222 - - 117,167
- Backing insurance contracts without direct participation 7,457 1,140 19 - - 8,616
- Backing direct participation investment contracts - 23,687 - - - 23,687
- Non-insurance related assets 29,068 49,222 - 80 - 78,371
Financial assets measured at amortized cost 10,597 - 1 36 11 10,645
Investments in real estate 40 457 17 - - 514
Total investments on balance sheet 173,726 118,218 1,599 162 11 293,716
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 5
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 157

[page 158]
Insurance, reinsurance and investment contracts with discretionary participation features
6 Insurance revenue
The following table shows the revenue recognized on insurance and investments contracts with discretionary participation 
features (DPF) by transition method. Other contracts comprise contracts transitioned under the full retrospective approach 
and contracts issued after the transition to IFRS 17.
Americas
United 
Kingdom International Eliminations Total
2025
Insurance contracts
Direct participation contracts 67,074 44,188 246 - 111,508
Without direct participation contracts 63,355 517 4,918 (4,292) 64,497
Contracts measured under the PAA - - 44 - 44
Investment contracts with DPF
Direct participation contracts - 21,269 - - 21,269
Without direct participation contracts - - 12 - 12
Insurance contracts and investment contracts with DPF 130,429 65,974 5,220 (4,292) 197,331
Reinsurance contracts held 17,086 (3) 3,981 (4,106) 16,958
2024
Insurance contracts
Direct participation contracts 74,446 43,744 219 - 118,409
Without direct participation contracts 68,428 595 5,980 (5,219) 69,784
Contracts measured under the PAA - - 41 - 41
Investment contracts with DPF
Direct participation contracts - 22,332 - - 22,332
Insurance contracts and investment contracts with DPF 142,874 66,671 6,239 (5,219) 210,565
Reinsurance contracts held 15,878 (2) 4,975 (5,133) 15,719
2025 2024 2023
Insurance 
contracts
Investment 
contracts with 
DPF
Insurance 
contracts
Investment 
contracts with 
DPF
Insurance 
contracts
Investment 
contracts with 
DPF
Expected insurance claims and expenses 7,194 26 7,870 32 8,383 32
Earnings released from CSM 930 37 958 33 952 17
Release of risk adjustment 265 14 295 14 340 15
Recovery of acquisition cash flows 538 - 553 - 558 -
Other (20) - (19) -
(39) -
Contracts measured under Non-PAA 1 8,906 77 9,656 80 10,195 64
Contracts measured under the PAA 114 - 104 - 127 -
Total Insurance revenue 9,020 77 9,761 80 10,322 64
1 This includes contracts measured under the General model and Variable fee approach.
Revenue recognized on contracts in-force 2025 2024 2023
Insurance contracts
Transitioned under the modified retrospective approach 441 529 514
Transitioned under the fair value approach 7,280 8,053 8,707
Other contracts 1,299 1,178 1,101
Total revenue recognized on insurance contracts 9,020 9,761 10,322
Investment contracts with DPF
Transitioned under the fair value approach 77 80 64
Total revenue recognized on investment contracts with DPF 77 80 64
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
158 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 159]
7 Insurance service expenses
8 Net income / (expenses) on reinsurance held
2025 2024 2023
Insurance 
contracts
Investment 
contracts with 
DPF
Insurance 
contracts
Investment 
contracts with 
DPF
Insurance 
contracts
Investment 
contracts with 
DPF
Incurred claims and expenses (7,601) (30) (7,954) (43) (8,404) (36)
Experience adjustments on incurred claims (1) - (14) - (17) -
Onerous contract losses (and reversals) (1,127) (2) (1,109) - (1,079) -
Amortization of acquisition cash flows (538) - (553) - (558) -
Contracts measured under Non-PAA (9,267) (32) (9,629) (43) (10,058) (36)
Contracts measured under the PAA (123) - (118) - (132) -
Total Insurance service expenses (9,391) (32) (9,747) (43) (10,190) (36)
2025 2024 2023
Assumption changes that adjust underlying onerous contracts 33 56 31
Experience adjustments that adjust underlying onerous contracts 586 398 516
CSM recognized for service received (11) (14) (26)
Release of risk adjustment (72) (83) (118)
Experience adjustments on current service 300 (36) (217)
Experience adjustments on incurred claims - 3 (2)
New reinsurance contracts issued/acquired 1 1 (17)
Initial recognition of onerous underlying contracts - - 12
Establishing of loss recovery component from onerous underlying contracts - - 7
Reversals of loss recovery component from onerous underlying contracts - (1) (3)
Contracts measured under Non-PAA 837 325 181
Contracts measured under the PAA (1) - 1
Net income / (expenses) on reinsurance held 836 325 182
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 7
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 159

[page 160]
9 Insurance net investment result
Insurance contracts
Investment 
contracts 
with DPF 2025
Note Direct part.
Without 
direct part. Direct part. Total
Insurance investment return
Interest revenue on financial instruments calculated using the effective 
interest method 9.1 - 2,683 - 2,683
Interest income from instruments measured at FVPL 9.2 234 248 133 615
Other investment income 9.3 785 10 403 1,198
Results from financial transactions 9.4 13,395 (131) 2,367 15,632
Impairment (losses) / reversals 9.5 - (46) - (46)
Interest expenses - (135) - (135)
Profit or loss impacts 14,415 2,630 2,903 19,948
Unrealized gains / (losses) on financial assets (FVOCI) - 1,331 - 1,331
Realized gains / (losses) on disposal of financial assets(FVOCI) - 312 - 312
OCI impacts - 1,643 - 1,643
Total insurance investment return 14,415 4,272 2,903 21,590
Insurance finance income / (expenses) – General model
Interest accreted to insurance contracts - (3,021) - (3,021)
Interest rate and other financial assumption changes - (1,771) - (1,771)
Revaluation of changes in non-financial assumptions and experience 
adjustments to current interest rates - 128 - 129
Insurance finance income / (expenses) – Variable fee approach
Change in fair value of underlying assets (14,316) - (2,916) (17,232)
Change in fulfillment value - risk mitigation option 836 - - 836
Total insurance finance income / (expenses) (13,480) (4,663) (2,916) (21,059)
Represented by:
Amounts recognized in profit or loss (13,488) (3,823) (2,916) (20,227)
Amounts recognized in OCI 8 (841) - (833)
Reinsurance finance income / (expenses) on reinsurance held
Interest accreted to reinsurance contracts - 580 - 580
Interest rate and other financial assumption changes - 183 - 183
Revaluation of changes in non-financial assumptions and experience 
adjustments to current interest rates - (82) - (82)
Changes in risk of non-performance of reinsurers - 2 - 2
Total reinsurance finance income / (expenses) on reinsurance held - 683 - 683
Represented by:
Amounts recognized in profit or loss - 564 - 564
Amounts recognized in OCI - 119 - 119
Insurance net investment result 935 292 (13) 1,214
Represented by:
Amounts recognized in profit or loss 927 (629) (13) 285
Amounts recognized in OCI 8 921 - 929
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
160 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 161]
Insurance contracts
Investment 
contracts 
with DPF 2024
Note Direct part.
Without 
direct part. Direct part. Total
Insurance investment return
Interest revenue on financial instruments calculated using the effective 
interest method 9.1 - 2,720 - 2,720
Interest income from instruments measured at FVPL 9.2 197 308 132 637
Other investment income 9.3 816 10 514 1,340
Results from financial transactions 9.4 10,192 (223) 1,624 11,593
Impairment (losses) / reversals 9.5 - (190) - (190)
Interest expenses - (171) - (171)
Profit or loss impacts 11,204 2,454 2,271 15,929
Gains / (losses) on investments in equity instruments (FVOCI) - 1 - 1
Unrealized gains / (losses) on financial assets (FVOCI) - (1,101) - (1,101)
Realized gains / (losses) on disposal of financial assets(FVOCI) - 70 - 70
OCI impacts - (1,030) - (1,030)
Total insurance investment return 11,204 1,424 2,271 14,899
Insurance finance income / (expenses) – General model
Interest accreted to insurance contracts - (3,096) - (3,096)
Interest rate and other financial assumption changes - 1,921 - 1,921
Revaluation of changes in non-financial assumptions and experience 
adjustments to current interest rates - (121) - (121)
Insurance finance income / (expenses) – Variable fee approach
Change in fair value of underlying assets (12,719) - (2,270) (14,990)
Change in fulfilment value - risk mitigation option 2,029 - - 2,029
Total insurance finance income / (expenses) (10,690) (1,296) (2,270) (14,256)
Represented by:
Amounts recognized in profit or loss (10,699) (3,537) (2,270) (16,506)
Amounts recognized in OCI 9 2,241 - 2,250
Reinsurance finance income / (expenses) on reinsurance held
Interest accreted to reinsurance contracts - 606 - 606
Interest rate and other financial assumption changes - (627) - (627)
Revaluation of changes in non-financial assumptions and experience 
adjustments to current interest rates - 82 - 82
Changes in risk of non-performance of reinsurers
- (5) - (5)
Total reinsurance finance income / (expenses) on reinsurance held - 55 - 55
Represented by:
Amounts recognized in profit or loss - 611 - 611
Amounts recognized in OCI - (556) - (556)
Insurance net investment result 514 183 - 697
Represented by:
Amounts recognized in profit or loss 505 (472) - 34
Amounts recognized in OCI 9 655 - 663
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 9
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 161

[page 162]
During 2025, 2024 and 2023, Aegon did not change the basis of disaggregation of Insurance finance income / (expenses) 
between the Income statement and OCI.
9.1 Interest revenue on financial instruments calculated using the effective interest method
Insurance contracts
Investment 
contracts 
with DPF 2023
Note Direct part.
Without 
direct part. Direct part. Total
Insurance investment return
Interest revenue on financial instruments calculated using the effective 
interest method 9.1 - 2,738 - 2,738
Interest income from instruments measured at FVPL 9.2 231 369 137 737
Other investment income 9.3 845 11 427 1,283
Results from financial transactions 9.4 11,446 (467) 1,322 12,302
Impairment (losses) / reversals 9.5 - (86) - (86)
Interest expenses - (218) - (218)
Profit or loss impacts 12,523 2,347 1,886 16,756
Unrealized gains / (losses) on financial assets (FVOCI) - 1,311 - 1,311
Realized gains / (losses) on disposal of financial assets (FVOCI) - 577 - 577
OCI impacts - 1,888 - 1,888
Total insurance investment return 12,523 4,235 1,886 18,644
Insurance finance income / (expenses) – General model
Interest accreted to insurance contracts - (3,098) - (3,098)
Interest rate and other financial assumption changes - (1,587) - (1,587)
Revaluation of changes in non-financial assumptions and experience 
adjustments to current interest rates - (421) - (421)
Insurance finance income / (expenses) – Variable fee approach
Change in fair value of underlying assets (13,730) - (1,921) (15,651)
Change in fulfilment value - risk mitigation option 1,493 - - 1,493
Insurance finance income / (expenses) – Premium allocation approach
Insurance finance expenses from PAA contracts - (12) - (12)
Total insurance finance income / (expenses) (12,237) (5,118) (1,921) (19,276)
Represented by:
Amounts recognized in profit or loss (12,244) (3,485) (1,921) (17,650)
Amounts recognized in OCI 7 (1,633) - (1,626)
Reinsurance finance income / (expenses) on reinsurance held
Interest accreted to reinsurance contracts - 630 - 630
Interest rate and other financial assumption changes - 283 - 283
Revaluation of changes in non-financial assumptions and experience 
adjustments to current interest rates - 148
- 148
Changes in risk of non-performance of reinsurers - (12) - (12)
Total reinsurance finance income / (expenses) on reinsurance held - 1,048 - 1,048
Represented by:
Amounts recognized in profit or loss - 699 - 699
Amounts recognized in OCI - 349 - 349
Insurance net investment result 285 165 (34) 415
Represented by:
Amounts recognized in profit or loss 278 (440) (34) (196)
Amounts recognized in OCI 7 604 - 611
Insurance contracts without direct participation 2025 2024 2023
Debt securities and money market instruments 2,211 2,233 2,166
Loans 421 428 433
Other 52 60 139
For the year ended December 31 2,683 2,720 2,738
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
162 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 163]
9.2 Interest income from instruments measured at FVPL
9.3 Other investment income
Insurance contracts
Investment 
contracts with DPF
Direct 
part.
Without 
direct part. Direct part. Total
Non-derivative assets applying the fair value option 234 (10) 133 357
Non-derivative assets failing the SPPI criteria - 258 - 258
For the year ended December 31, 2025 234 248 133 615
Derivatives to which hedge accounting was not applied - (4) - (4)
Non-derivative assets applying the fair value option 197 11 132 340
Non-derivative assets failing the SPPI criteria - 301 - 301
For the year ended December 31, 2024 197 308 132 637
Non-derivative assets applying the fair value option 231 54 137 422
Non-derivative assets failing the SPPI criteria - 315 - 315
For the year ended December 31, 2023 231 369 137 737
Insurance contracts
Investment 
contracts with DPF
Direct 
part.
Without 
direct part. Direct part. Total
Dividend income 769 11 394 1,174
Rental income 16 (1) 10 25
For the year ended December 31, 2025 785 10 403 1,198
Dividend income 801 12 504 1,317
Rental income 15 (2) 10 23
For the year ended December 31, 2024 816 10 514 1,340
Dividend income 828 12 417 1,257
Rental income 17 (2) 11 26
For the year ended December 31, 2023 845 11 427 1,283
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 9
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 163

[page 164]
9.4 Results from financial transactions
Insurance contracts
Investment 
contracts with DPF 2025
Direct part.
Without 
direct part. Direct part. Total
Net fair value change of financial investments at FVPL (excl. derivatives)
Shares 1,010 12 542 1,565
Debt securities and money market investments 95 1,358 54 1,507
Unconsolidated investment funds 12,074 - 1,775 13,849
Loans - 4 - 4
Other - 86 - 86
13,179 1,459 2,371 17,010
Net fair value change of derivatives
Economic hedges where no hedge accounting is applied (1) 41 (7) 33
Change in fair value of hedges on guarantees in products with DPF 213 - - 213
Ineffective portion of hedge transactions to which hedge accounting is applied - (2) - (2)
212 39 (7) 244
Realized gains and (losses) on financial investments
Debt securities and money market investments - (2) - (2)
Loans - 7 - 7
- 5 - 5
Realized gains and (losses) on financial investments comprised of:
Investments measured at FVOCI - (2) - (2)
Investments measured at amortized cost - 7 - 7
Other
Gains / (losses) on investments in real estate 4 - 3 7
Net fair value change on investments in real estate - 9 - 9
4 9 3 15
For the year ended December 31, 2025 13,395 1,512 2,367 17,275
Represented by:
Assets designated at FVPL 13,183 (305) 2,374 15,252
Assets mandatorily measured at FVPL 212 174 (7) 380
Other - 1,643 - 1,643
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
164 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 165]
Insurance contracts
Investment 
contracts with DPF 2024
Direct part.
Without 
direct part. Direct part. Total
Net fair value change of financial investments at FVPL (excl. derivatives)
Shares 996 (4) 639 1,632
Debt securities and money market investments (164) (1,145) (107) (1,416)
Unconsolidated investment funds 10,819 - 1,215 12,034
Other - (90) - (90)
11,651 (1,240) 1,748 12,159
Net fair value change of derivatives
Economic hedges where no hedge accounting is applied (167) (17) (127) (311)
Change in fair value of hedges on guarantees in products with DPF (1,297) - - (1,297)
(1,464) (17) (127) (1,608)
Realized gains and (losses) on financial investments
Debt securities and money market investments - (1) - (1)
Loans - 4 - 4
- 3 - 3
Realized gains and (losses) on financial investments comprised of:
Investments measured at FVOCI - (1) - (1)
Investments measured at amortized cost - 4 - 4
Other
Gains / (losses) on investments in real estate 5 - 3 8
Net fair value change on investments in real estate - 1 - 1
5 1 3 9
For the year ended December 31, 2024 10,192 (1,253) 1,624 10,563
Represented by:
Assets designated at FVPL 11,655 (127) 1,751 13,280
Assets mandatorily measured at FVPL (1,464) (96) (127) (1,686)
Other - (1,030) - (1,030)
Insurance contracts
Investment 
contracts with DPF 2023
Direct part.
Without 
direct part. Direct part. Total
Net fair value change of financial investments at FVPL (excl. derivatives)
Shares 800 13 413 1,225
Debt securities and money market investments 55 1,366 36 1,457
Unconsolidated investment funds 11,800 11 939 12,750
Other -
15 - 15
12,655 1,404 1,388 15,447
Net fair value change of derivatives
Economic hedges where no hedge accounting is applied (95) 29 (48) (114)
Bifurcated embedded derivatives - (1) - (1)
Change in fair value of hedges on guarantees in products with DPF (1,085) - - (1,085)
Ineffective portion of hedge transactions to which hedge accounting is applied - 3 - 3
(1,181) 31 (48) (1,197)
Realized gains and (losses) on financial investments
Loans - (15) - (15)
- (16) - (16)
Realized gains and (losses) on financial investments comprised of:
Investments measured at amortized cost - (15) - (15)
Other
Gains / (losses) on investments in real estate (28) - (18) (46)
Net fair value change on investments in real estate - 2 - 2
(28) 2 (18) (44)
For the year ended December 31, 2023 11,446 1,421 1,322 14,190
Represented by:
Assets designated at FVPL 12,627 (562) 1,370 13,435
Assets mandatorily measured at FVPL (1,181) 95 (48) (1,134)
Other - 1,888 - 1,888
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 9
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 165

[page 166]
9.5 Impairment (losses) / reversals
Impairment losses in 2025 decreased by EUR 144 million to EUR 46 million mainly due to lower expected credit loss (ECL) 
balance in Aegon US for mortgages following more favorable economic scenario output and real estate occupancy rates.
10 Other net investment result
10.1 Interest revenue on financial instruments calculated using the effective interest method
10.2 Interest income from instruments measured at FVPL
10.3 Other investment income
Insurance contracts without direct participation 2025 2024 2023
Impairment (losses) on financial assets, excluding receivables
Debt securities and money market investments (107) (103) (77)
Loans 57 (88) (15)
Impairment reversals on financial assets, excluding receivables
Debt securities and money market investments 9 3 37
Impairment (losses) / reversals on non-financial assets and receivables (5) (3) (31)
For the year ended December 31 (46) (190) (86)
Note 2025 2024 2023
Interest revenue on financial instruments calculated using the effective 
interest method 10.1 636 605 599
Interest income from instruments measured at FVPL 10.2 217 186 89
Other investment income 10.3 825 729 550
Results from financial transactions 10.4 10,065 7,634 6,929
Impairment (losses) / reversals 10.5 (22) (47) (33)
Investment contract income / (expenses) (11,372) (8,781) (7,851)
Interest expenses (18) (32) (45)
For the year ended December 31 331 294 238
2025 2024 2023
Debt securities and money market instruments 557 484 457
Other 80 121 142
For the year ended December 31 636 605 599
2025 2024 2023
Non-derivative assets applying the fair value option 74 65 89
Non-derivative assets failing the SPPI criteria 15 13 -
Non-derivative assets - PH designated 129 108 -
For the year ended December 31 217 186 89
2025 2024 2023
Dividend income 819 724 547
Rental income 6 4 3
For the year ended December 31 825 729 550
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
166 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 167]
10.4 Results from financial transactions
10.5 Impairment (losses) / reversals
11 Financing net investment result
12 Fees and commission income
2025 2024 2023
Net fair value change of financial investments at FVPL (excl. derivatives)
Shares 421 368 195
Debt securities and money market investments 47 (55) 46
Unconsolidated investment funds 9,578 7,367 6,805
Other 1 - -
10,047 7,680 7,047
Net fair value change of derivatives
Economic hedges where no hedge accounting is applied 43 (38) (8)
Bifurcated embedded derivatives - 3 5
Change in fair value of hedges on guarantees in investment contracts without DPF - (2) -
Ineffective portion of hedge transactions to which hedge accounting is applied - 2 3
43 (35) -
Realized gains and (losses) on financial investments
Debt securities and money market investments (FVOCI) (28) (11) (113)
(28) (11) (113)
Other
Gains and (losses) on investments in real estate 1 - -
Net fair value change on investments in real estate 2 1 (6)
Net foreign currency gains and (losses) - (2) 2
3 - (4)
For the year ended December 31 10,065 7,634 6,929
Represented by:
Assets designated at FVPL 10,064 7,666 7,043
Assets mandatorily measured at FVPL (17) 14 3
Other (i.e. FVOCI) 18 (47) (117)
2025 2024 2023
Impairment (losses) on financial assets, excluding receivables
Debt securities and money market investments (21) (40) (4)
Impairment (losses) / reversals on non-financial assets and receivables (1) (7) (29)
For the year ended December 31 (22) (47) (33)
2025 2024 2023
Interest charges
- Subordinated loans (82) (99) (115)
- Trust pass-through securities (8) (9) (9)
- Borrowings (88) (82) (58)
For the year ended December 31 (178) (190) (182)
2025 2024 2023
Fee from asset management and insurance distribution 2,092 2,097 1,967
Sales commission 62 55
21
Securities lending income 1 - -
Other fee and commission income 235 226 174
For the year ended December 31 2,390 2,378 2,163
Included in fees and commission income:
Fees on trust and fiduciary activities 243 253 220
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 11
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 167

[page 168]
13 Other operating expenses
Other operating expenses that arise directly from or can be allocated to the fulfillment of insurance contracts or investment 
contracts with discretionary participation features are considered insurance service expenses and recognized in the income 
statement as services under the contract are provided (see note 7 Insurance service expenses). Other operating expenses 
that do not meet the definition of fulfillment cash flows, including unexpected amounts of waste labor and other resources 
(e.g. start-up costs of new businesses), are expensed when incurred.
Short-term incentive compensation
Certain Aegon employees, including the Executive Director and a small number of senior management, receive short-term 
incentive (STI) compensation, based on Aegon’s performance, the employee’s unit performance and individual performance 
against predefined financial and nonfinancial performance metrics and targets, as well as the continued employment of the 
employee. While most participants are paid in cash after the one-year performance period, selected senior employees will be 
paid partially in cash and partially in Aegon shares. The grant price of these shares is equal to the volume-weighted average 
price (VWAP) on the Euronext stock exchange in Amsterdam during the period from December 15 preceding the plan year and 
January 15 of the plan year. The shares component of STI is deferred for two years, or for three years when the employee is 
classified as a Material Risk Taker in accordance with BMA Insurance Code of Conduct or other regulatory directives as 
applicable to their sector and location. These shares vest after the Board of Directors adopt the Company’s Annual Accounts 
following the last deferral year. Employees are not eligible to receive a dividend during the deferral period of STI awards. In 
exceptional cases, the short-term incentive may be adjusted downwards before allocation or pay-out (malus) or after pay-out 
(claw back), taking into account the outcomes of an ex-ante or ex-post risk assessment.
Long-term incentive compensation
Beginning in 2024, the Executive Director and select senior management may participate in a long-term incentive (LTI) plan 
designed to align with shareholder interests. This performance-based restricted stock plan is settled in Aegon shares after 
a three-year performance period. The grant price of these shares is equal to the volume-weighted average price (VWAP) 
on the Euronext stock exchange in Amsterdam during the period between December 15 preceding the plan year and 
January 15 of the plan year. Dividend equivalents are accumulated and paid after the performance period. The awarded 
2025 2024 2023
Insurance 
related
Non-Insurance 
related
Insurance 
related
Non-Insurance 
related
Insurance 
related
Non-Insurance 
related
Policyholder claims and benefits (6,258) - (6,520) - (6,965) -
Onerous contract losses (and reversals) (1,132) - (1,111) - (1,081) -
Commissions (1,533) (928) (1,449) (937) (1,403) (1,069)
Handling and clearing fees - (27) - (30) - (32)
Right-of-use assets – interest expense - (6) - (6) - (7)
Employee expenses (567) (1,285) (620) (1,198) (604) (1,107)
Administration expenses (523) (684) (500) (785) (551) (780)
Deferred transaction expenses - 43 - 35 - 29
Amortization of deferred expenses - (23) - (22) - (21)
Amortization of other intangibles - (18) - (17) - (13)
Total (10,012) (2,928) (10,200) (2,961) (10,604) (3,000)
Amounts attributed to acquisition cash flows 1,151 983 - 956 -
Amortization of acquisition cash flows (538) (553) - (558) -
Amortization of acquisition cash flows PAA (24) (20) - (19) -
Total other operating expenses (9,423) (2,928) (9,790) (2,961) (10,226) (3,000)
Employee expenses 2025 2024 2023
Salaries (1,189) (1,205) (1,131)
Post-employment benefit costs (133) (127) (125)
Social security charges (119) (118)
(107)
Other personnel costs (352) (310) (294)
Shares (59) (58) (54)
Total (1,852) (1,818) (1,711)
Included in employee expenses:
Defined contribution expenses (61) (61) (57)
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
168 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 169]
LTI shares shall vest and be released following the adoption of the company’s Annual Accounts by the Board of Directors, 
following the last performance year. For the Executive Director, the paid-out shares are subject to an additional two-year 
holding period that continues post-employment, during which time they cannot be sold. In exceptional cases, the long-term 
incentive may be adjusted downwards before allocation or pay-out (malus) or after pay-out (claw back), after considering 
the outcomes of an ex-ante or ex-post risk assessment.
Shares as fixed compensation
Selected Executive Committee members and other senior employees receive part of their fixed compensation in Aegon 
shares, in addition to cash. The grant price of these shares is equal to the volume-weighted average price (VWAP) on Euronext 
Amsterdam during the period between December 15 preceding the plan year through January 15 of the plan year. Once 
allocated, these shares are unconditional and not tied to continued employment. They vest following Board approval of the 
Annual Accounts for the last financial year in the performance period. In the former case, these paid-out shares are subject to 
an additional holding period of three years, while in the latter case, there is no holding period after payout. During the holding 
period (if applicable), the employee is not allowed to sell these shares. No dividends are paid during the deferral period.
Shares for Non-Executive Directors
Non-Executive Directors receive around 75% of their annual Board fee in cash and 25% in fixed Aegon shares. The grant price 
of these shares is equal to the volume-weighted average price (VWAP) on the Euronext stock exchange in Amsterdam during 
the period from December 15 preceding the plan year to January 15 of the plan year.
These shares vest after the completion of the calendar year. Dividend equivalents accrued during the calendar year are 
payable as additional Aegon shares at the time of vesting, with no dependence  on any performance condition. Shares are not 
forfeited when the Board membership of a Non-Executive Director ends before vesting. Shares granted to Non-Executive 
Directors do not have a holding period or a deferral period.
Shares as part of a sign-on arrangement
Employees may receive a sign-on package in cash and Aegon shares, in line with the applicable rules and regulations. 
Allocated shares are conditional on continued employment and typically cliff-vest after one, two, and three years. 
Payout occurs only after Board approval of the Annual Accounts following the final deferral year. No dividends are paid during 
the deferral period.
The overview below shows the cumulative number of shares and their status across long-term and short-term incentive plans, 
fixed compensation, and sign-on arrangements.
Number of shares per plan year 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 Total
Conditionally granted 1 9,449,451 7,495,307 7,932,942 8,145,463 7,941,585 40,964,748
Allocated 2 13,297,242 10,953,082 10,831,102 3 8,357,507 4 600,544 5 44,039,477
1 The at-target number of shares that were conditionally granted as variable compensation for the plan year.
2 The allocated number of shares as variable compensation based on the actual performance during the plan year.
3 The number of allocated shares for 2023 has been updated to reflect the final shares allocation which became available after the publication date of the 
annual report 2023. In 2023, the annual report only reflected shares as part of fixed compensation and/or sign-on arrangements for a total of 1,511,212 
shares.
4 The number of allocated shares for 2024 has been updated to reflect the share allocation from the 1-year performance period share plans which became 
available after the publication date of the annual report 2024. In 2024, the annual report only reflected shares as part of fixed compensation and/or sign-on 
arrangements for a total of 893,378 shares. 795,239 shares remain conditionally granted for the 2024 plan year; these are scheduled to be allocated in 2027 
following completion of the 3-year performance period.
5 The number of allocated shares for 2025 only reflect the shares as part of fixed compensation and/or sign-on arrangements.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 13
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 169

[page 170]
Aegon applies a net settlement option for participants in order to meet their income tax obligations when their shares 
are paid out. This means that Aegon will not sell shares on the market but hold these shares within Aegon and settle directly 
with the tax authorities in cash.
14 Other income/(charges)
Other income in 2025 mainly relates to the proceeds from the sale of 12.5 million shares in a.s.r.
Other income in 2024 mainly reflects a gain on the completion of the transfer of the legal ownership of the UK individual 
protection book to Royal London (EUR 46 million) and a gain on the disposal of a portfolio of insurance contracts and related 
reinsurance contracts in the US (EUR 57 million).
The other charges in 2023 mainly relate to the book loss of the divestment of Aegon's businesses in Poland and Romania 
to Vienna Insurance Group AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe (VIG), amounting to EUR 78 million.
Number of shares per plan year
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 Total
Unvested on January 1, 2023 13,787,592 9,447,642 - - - 23,235,234
Conditionally granted as variable 
compensation 1 - - 7,932,942 - - 7,932,942
Allocated 2 (16,864) 1,321,701 1,511,212 - - 2,816,049
Forfeited (437,677) (182,796) (49,968) - - (670,441)
Vested (747,687) (663,161) (31,033) - - (1,441,881)
Unvested on December 31, 2023 12,585,364 9,923,386 9,363,153 - - 31,871,903
Conditionally granted as variable 
compensation 1 - - - 8,145,463 - 8,145,463
Allocated 2 3,784 19,342 1,386,948 893,378 - 2,303,452
Forfeited (177,945) (132,531) (246,640) - - (557,116)
Vested (5,908,686) (700,538) (154,181) (27,802) - (6,791,207)
Unvested on December 31, 2024 6,502,517 9,109,659 10,349,280 9,011,039 - 34,972,495
Conditionally granted as variable 
compensation 1 - - - - 7,941,585 7,941,585
Allocated 2 - - 3,303 113,905 600,544 717,752
Forfeited - (51,727) (133,432) (144,205) - (329,364)
Vested (6,502,517) (4,199,782) (82,469) (252,971) (9,337) (11,047,076)
Unvested on December 31, 2025 - 4,858,150 10,136,682 8,727,768 8,532,792 32,255,392
Grant price (in EUR) 3 3.293 4.491
4.833 5.262 5.771
Fair value of shares at grant date 
(in EUR) 4
1.625 to 
3.978
3.341 to 
5.061
3.555 to 
4.524
3.7100 to 
6.3268
3.7060 to 
6.9861
1 The at-target number of shares that were conditionally granted as variable compensation for the plan year.
2 Shares that are already allocated during a plan year are a combination of shares as part of fixed compensation or a sign-on arrangement (e.g. the 600,544 
shares allocated during the calendar year 2025 in relation to the 2025 plan year). Shares that are allocated in the calendar year after a plan year, concern the 
difference between the conditionally granted shares for that plan year and the actual number of shares that have been allocated as variable compensation 
(e.g. the 113,905 share correction during 2025 for the 2024 plan year). This number can therefore be positive or negative. Shares allocated during a calendar 
year in relation to earlier plan years are backdated corrections to the administration (e.g. during 2025, a correction of 3,303 shares was made in relation to the 
2023 plan year).
3 This is the volume weighted-average price (VWAP) of Aegon on the Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange for the period December 15 to January 15. For 
instance for the 2025 plan year, this is the VWAP for the period December 15, 2024 to January 15, 2025.
4 These fair values are adjusted for expected dividend (when the participants are not eligible during the deferral period) and for the impact of relative total 
shareholder return as performance indicator for variable compensation (where applicable).
2025 2024 2023
Other income 137 153 35
Other charges (6) (8) (92)
For the year ended December 31 130 145 (57)
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
170 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 171]
15 Income tax
In September 2023, the legal seat of Aegon N.V. was redomiciled to Bermuda. Headquarters remained in the Netherlands 
and the company remained a Dutch tax resident.
Aegon is within the scope of the OECD Pillar Two model rules. Aegon has performed an assessment of its potential exposure 
to Pillar Two income taxes based on the 2025 financial information for the constituent entities in the Group. Based on the 
performed analysis, applying both the temporary safe harbors and detailed calculations, Aegon expects no top-up tax for 
2025. Aegon continues to monitor Pillar Two legislative developments, as additional guidance may be released, to evaluate 
the potential future impact on its consolidated results of operations and financial position. 
The weighted average applicable statutory tax rate for 2025 is 17.9% (2024: 18.0%). The lower weighted average applicable 
statutory tax rate compared to the statutory tax rate is mainly due to the relatively high contribution of income before tax in 
the equity accounted joint ventures and associates in 2025 which is presented net of tax in the consolidated income 
statement. The weighted average applicable statutory tax rate is driven by the mix of profits and losses in each jurisdiction and 
the relevant statutory tax rate. Including the income tax on equity accounted joint ventures and associates, the weighted 
average applicable statutory tax rate for 2025 is 23.7% (2024: 24.9%).
Non-taxable income in 2025 is comprised of the regular non-taxable items such as the dividend received deduction 
in the United States and the participation exemption in the Netherlands.
Tax credits mainly include tax benefits from United States investments that provide affordable housing to individuals 
and families that meet median household income requirements.
Other taxes mainly relate to policyholder taxes in the United Kingdom and state taxes in the United States.
In 2025, adjustments to prior years mainly relate to the release of tax provisions.
2025 2024 2023
Current year (58) (19) (4)
Adjustments to prior years 16 20 9
Total current tax (42) 1 5
(Origination) / reversal of temporary differences 12 31 247
Changes in tax rates / bases (3) - (1)
Changes in deferred tax assets 1 9 - (9)
Non-recognition of deferred tax assets (61) 13 (61)
Adjustments to prior years 20 (29) 27
Total deferred tax (note 34) (22) 15 204
Income tax benefit / (charge) for the year ended December 31 (65) 16 209
1 Changes due to recognition / write off of previously not recognized / recognized tax losses, tax credits, and deductible temporary differences.
Reconciliation between standard and effective income tax 2025 2024 2023
Result before tax from continuing operations 1,045 660 (391)
Income tax calculated using weighted average applicable statutory tax rates (187) (119) 94
Differences due to the effects of:
Non-taxable income 76 44 39
Non-tax-deductible expenses (9) (12) (12)
Changes in tax rate/base (3) - (1)
Different tax rates on overseas earnings (3) (4) (3)
Tax credits 36 41 34
Other taxes (31) (9) -
Adjustments to prior years 35 (9) 36
Changes in deferred tax assets as a result of recognition / write-off of previously not 
recognized / recognized tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences 10 1 (9)
Non-recognition of deferred tax assets (61) (28) (20)
Tax effect of profit / (losses) from joint ventures and associates 75 110 47
Other (2) 1 3
Total differences 123 135 115
Income tax benefit / (charge) for the year ended December 31 (65) 16 209
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 15
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 171

[page 172]
Non-recognition of deferred tax assets in 2025 includes the valuation allowance for state tax losses in the United States, and 
interest expenses and tax losses in The Netherlands.
The following tables present income tax related to components of other comprehensive income and retained earnings.
16 Earnings per share
The Group has applied the option from IAS 32 to recognize some of the Group’s ordinary shares held as underlying assets of 
direct participation contracts as if they were financial assets. These shares are treated as outstanding shares (i.e. not treasury 
shares) and therefore not deducted from the number of shares outstanding.
Basic earnings per share
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net result attributable to owners, after the deduction of coupons on 
perpetual securities, by the weighted average number of common shares, excluding common shares purchased by the 
Company and held as treasury shares (see note 25.1 Share capital – par value and 25.3 Treasury shares respectively).
Diluted earnings per share
The diluted earnings per share equaled the basic earnings per share for all years disclosed, as there were no long-term 
incentive plans that were considered dilutive.
17 Dividend per common share
Aegon declared interim and final dividends on common shares and common share B for the years 2023 through 2025. 
The dividend per common share, in EUR and USD, are presented in the following table. The interim and final dividends 
on common share B, based on its financial rights, are 1/40th of a common share. Aegon distributes dividends in cash.
Income tax related to items of other comprehensive income 2025 2024 2023
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans (4) 1 17
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss (4) 1 17
Unrealized (Gains) / losses on revaluation of FVOCI investments (419) 237 (487)
Revaluation reserve - Insurance contracts 174 (530) 397
Revaluation reserve - Reinsurance contracts (22) 177 (126)
Changes in cash flow hedging reserve 49 45 42
Movement in foreign currency translation and net foreign investment hedging reserve - 7 3
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss (218) (64) (171)
Total (222) (63) (154)
Income tax related to items recognized in retained earnings 2025 2024 2023
Equity instruments 15 (8) 17
Other 1 7 1
Total 16 (1) 18
2025 2024 2023
Net result attributable to owners of Aegon Ltd. 977 688 (179)
Coupons on perpetual securities (53) (77) (48)
Net result attributable to owners for basic earnings per share calculation 925 611 (227)
Net result attributable to common shareholders 920 608 (225)
Net result attributable to common shareholders B 5 4 (1)
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding (in millions) 1,553 1,630 1,879
Weighted average number of common shares B outstanding (in millions) 345 380 490
Basic earnings per common share (EUR per share) 0.59 0.37 (0.12)
Basic earnings per common share B (EUR per share) 0.01 0.01 -
EUR USD
Year Interim Final Total Interim Final Total
2025 0.19 0.211 0.40 0.22 n.a. n.a.
2024 0.16 0.19 0.35 0.18 0.22 0.40
2023 0.14 0.16 0.30 0.15 0.17 0.32
1 Proposed.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
172 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 173]
18 Cash and cash equivalents
The disclosed carrying amounts reasonably approximate fair values at year-end.
See note 40 Transfers of financial assets for details on collateral received and paid. For cash collateral received related to 
securities lending, repurchase agreements, and margins on derivatives transactions, a corresponding liability to repay the 
cash is recognized in other liabilities (see note 35 Other liabilities). 
Cash and cash equivalent balances that are not available for use by the group is EUR 158 million (2024: EUR 141 million, 
2023: EUR 98 million).
Analysis of cash flows 
2025 compared to 2024
Total net cash flow from operating activities decreased by EUR 328 million to an EUR 434 million inflow (2024: EUR 762 
million inflow). The decrease is mainly driven by a lower cash result (result before tax adjusted for non-cash items), and by 
changes in accruals (see note 36 Accruals).
Net cash flows from investing activities increased by EUR 710 million to an EUR 1,010 million inflow (2024: EUR 300 million 
inflow). The increase mainly reflects proceeds from reducing the investment in associate ASR Netherland N.V.(see note 21 
Investments in joint ventures and associates).
Net cash flows from financing activities increased by EUR 280 million to an EUR 2,035 million outflow(2024: EUR 1,755 million 
outflow).  The increase is mainly driven by a higher net repayment from borrowings (refer to the table below 'Reconciliation of 
liabilities arising from financing activities'), partially offset by a lower cash outflow from share repurchases following Aegon's 
share buy back programs (see note 25.3 Treasury shares).
Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
The table below presents a reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities, split between changes from financing 
cash flows and non-cash changes, as reported in the consolidated statement of financial position
2025 2024 2023
Cash at bank and in hand 1,165 1,478 1,614
Short-term deposits 315 152 340
Money market investments 1,253 1,838 2,120
On December 31 2,733 3,469 4,074
Cash collateral related to securities lending, repurchase agreements and margins on 
derivatives transactions 1,972 2,240 3,416
Income from security lending programs 3 4 7
Weighted effective interest rate on short-term deposits 2.13% 3.17% 3.90%
Average maturity on short-term deposits (in days) 2 5 11
Summary cash flow statement 2025 2024 2023
Net cash flows from operating activities 434 762 864
Net cash flows from investing activities 1,010 300 (1,996)
Net cash flows from financing activities (2,035) (1,755) (3,241)
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (591) (694) (4,373)
Net cash and cash equivalents on December 31, are impacted by:
Positive (negative) effects of changes in exchange rates (144) 88 (38)
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 18
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 173

[page 174]
19 Investments
19.1 Financial assets, excluding derivatives, by measurement category
In both 2025 and 2024, no significant transactions took place with respect to shares recognized at FVOCI. No dividends were 
received during 2025 (2024: 0).
Financing cash flows Non-cash changes
2025 On January 1 Addition Repayment
Realized 
gains / 
(losses)
Fair value 
hedge 
movements Amortization
Net exchange 
difference
On 
December 
31
Subordinated borrowings 1,653 - - - - 3 (195) 1,461
Trust pass-through securities 113 - - - - (1) (13) 99
Borrowings 3,013 946 (1,707) - - 2 (272) 1,982
Assets held to hedge Trust 
pass-through securities (20) - - - - - 2 (17)
2024
Subordinated borrowings 2,244 - (700) - - 5 104 1,653
Trust pass-through securities 111 - - - (5) (1) 7 113
Borrowings 2,356 700 (209) - - 3 162 3,013
Assets held to hedge Trust 
pass-through securities (14) - - (5) - - (1) (20)
Insurance contracts
Investment contracts 
with DPF
Non-Insurance 
related Total
2025 Direct part. Without direct part. Direct part.
FVOCI – with recycling - 41,100 - 8,647 49,747
FVOCI – no recycling - 9 - 1 10
Amortized cost - 7,443 - 2,276 9,719
FVPL – designated 109,580 1,637 21,441 85,222 217,880
FVPL – mandatory - 6,207 - 1,098 7,306
Total financial assets (excl. derivatives) 109,580 56,397 21,441 97,244 284,662
Investments in real estate 217 42 132 87 479
Total investments 109,798 56,439 21,573 97,331 285,141
2024
FVOCI – with recycling - 46,719 - 7,958 54,677
FVOCI – no recycling - 38 - 1 39
Amortized cost - 8,220 - 2,425 10,645
FVPL – designated 117,167 1,926 23,687 77,400 220,180
FVPL – mandatory - 6,690 - 970 7,661
Total financial assets (excl. derivatives) 117,167 63,593 23,687 88,754 293,202
Investments in real estate 237 57 150 70 514
Total investments 117,405 63,651 23,837 88,823 293,716
Investments - Aegon risk 
2025
FVOCI 
(with recycling)
FVOCI 
(no recycling)
Amortized 
cost
FVPL 
(designated)
FVPL 
(mandatory) Total Fair value
Shares - 10 - - 263 273 273
Debt securities 47,411 - 36 1,123 1,315 49,884 49,884
Money market and other short-term 
investments 2,308 - - 146 1,722 4,176 4,176
Deposits with financial institutions - - 11 - - 11 11
Loans - - 9,672 82 - 9,754 8,985
Other 28 - - 716 4,005 4,749 4,749
Total 49,747
10 9,719 2,066 7,306 68,848 68,078
2024
Shares - 39 - - 279 317 317
Debt securities 52,211 - 36 1,400 985 54,632 54,632
Money market and other short-term 
investments 2,435 - - 157 1,939 4,531 4,531
Deposits with financial institutions - - 11 - - 11 11
Loans - - 10,598 82 - 10,680 9,462
Other 31 - - 718 4,458 5,207 5,207
Total 54,677 39 10,645 2,356 7,661 75,377 74,159
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
174 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 175]
Of the debt securities, money market, and other short-term investments and loans EUR 5,774 million is current (December 31, 
2024: EUR 6,106 million).
Where necessary, Aegon applied the fair value option on investments where policyholders bear the risk for investment 
performance. See note 38 Fair Value for a summary of all financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value 
through profit or loss. See note 40 Transfers of financial assets for a discussion of collateral received and paid.
In 2025, the Group has not made changes to its business model or reclassified financial assets.
19.2 Investment properties
20 Derivatives
Where Aegon hedges minimum guarantees embedded in VFA products, the change in the fulfillment cash flows relating to 
the hedged position is recognized in income rather than in the Contractual Service Margin. For more details see note 29.5 
Risk mitigation.
Investments - Policyholder risk 2025 2024
Shares 15,321 15,198
Debt securities 6,318 6,259
Money market and other short-term investments 1,788 1,541
Unconsolidated investment funds 190,671 192,775
Deposits with financial institutions 1,716 2,052
Total 215,814 217,824
2025 2024
On January 1 514 488
Additions 9 24
Subsequent expenditure capitalized 3 3
Disposals (39) (34)
Fair value gains/(losses) 18 10
Transfers to other headings 1 -
Net exchange differences (28) 23
On December 31 479 514
Value of Aegon's properties, which were appraised in the current year 96% 100%
Appraisals performed by independent external appraisers 91% 96%
Insurance contracts
Investment 
contracts 
with DPF
Non- 
Insurance 
related
2025 
Total Insurance contracts
Investment 
contracts 
with DPF
Non- 
Insurance 
related
2024 
Total
Derivatives (FVPL)
Direct 
part.
Without 
direct 
part. Direct part.
Direct 
part.
Without 
direct 
part. Direct part.
Assets designated as:
Other derivatives 20 348 14 8 390 66 477 53 10 606
Fair value hedges - 4 - - 4 - 3 - - 3
Cash flow hedges - 89 - - 89 - 136 - - 136
Net foreign investment hedges - - - 2 2 - - - 26 26
Total derivative assets 20 441 14 10 485 66 616 53 36 771
Represented by:
Derivatives - Aegon risk - 441 - 4 445 - 616 - 26 643
Derivatives - Policyholder risk 20 - 14 6 40 66 - 53 10 129
Liabilities designated as:
Other derivatives 91 412 86 8 597 157 983 135 56 1,331
Fair value hedges - 3 - - 3 - 3 - - 3
Cash flow hedges - 869 - - 869 - 1,100 - - 1,100
Net foreign investment hedges - - - - - - - - 2 2
Total derivative liabilities 91 1,283 86 8 1,469 157 2,085 135 58 2,435
Represented by:
Derivatives - Aegon risk - 1,283 - 2 1,285 - 2,085 - 44 2,129
Derivatives - Policyholder risk 91 - 86 6 184 157 - 135 14 306
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 20
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 175

[page 176]
Use of derivatives
Aegon uses derivative instruments as part of its asset-liability risk management. These derivatives are classified as economic 
hedges when they do not qualify for hedge accounting or when Aegon opts not to apply it. Economic hedges address risks 
related to existing assets, liabilities, or future reinvestments. All hedges follow internal risk guidelines and are closely 
monitored for compliance. Derivatives embedded in financial liabilities (various institutional products) that are not closely 
related to the host contracts have been bifurcated and recorded at fair value.
Credit Default Swaps
Aegon has entered into free-standing credit derivative transactions. The positions outstanding at the end of the year were:
Aegon uses credit default swaps (CDS) to synthetically create bonds via Replication (Synthetic Asset) Transactions 
(RSAT). This regulatory concept allows insurance companies to use a derivative alongside a cash investment to replicate 
the characteristics of an otherwise permissible investment. There are three main types of RSAT transactions used by Aegon: 
single-asset replications, RSATs involving indices, and RSATs involving asset baskets.
Derivatives designated as fair value hedges
Aegon has entered into interest rate swap agreements that effectively convert certain fixed-rate assets and liabilities to 
a floating-rate basis. These hedges are used for portfolio management to better match assets to liabilities or to protect 
the value of the hedged item from interest rate movements. No underlying principal amounts are exchanged.
Aegon has also entered into cross-currency interest rate swap agreements that convert certain foreign-currency fixed- and 
floating-rate assets and liabilities into US-dollar floating-rate assets and liabilities. These agreements include exchanging 
underlying principal amounts.
Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges
Aegon has primarily entered into interest rate swap agreements that convert certain variable-rate assets and liabilities to a 
fixed-rate basis to more closely match the cash flows of assets and liabilities within Aegon’s portfolio. No underlying principal 
amounts are exchanged. Aegon hedges its exposure to future cash flow variability from interest rate movements for hedges 
converting existing floating-rate assets and liabilities to fixed-rate assets, with maturities up to 19 years.
Aegon uses forward-starting interest rate swap agreements to hedge the variability in future cash flows associated with 
the forecasted purchase of fixed-income assets. These agreements reduce the impact of future interest rate changes on 
the forecasted transaction. Fair value adjustments for these interest rate swaps are deferred and recorded in equity until 
the forecasted transaction occurs, at which time the swaps will be terminated. The accumulated gain or loss in equity will be 
amortized into investment income as the acquired asset affects income. Aegon hedges its exposure to future cash flow 
variability from interest rate movements for terms up to 18 years. The cash flows from these hedging instruments 
are expected to affect the profit or loss for approximately the next 37 years. For the year ended December 31, 2025, 
the contracts for which cash flow hedge accounting was terminated resulted in deferred gains of EUR 73 million (2024: 
Derivative asset Derivative liability
Derivatives not designated in a hedge - Aegon risk 2025 2024 2025 2024
Derivatives held as an economic hedge 350 477 339 954
Bifurcated embedded derivatives - - 75 71
Total 350 477 414 1,025
2025 2024
Notional Fair value Notional Fair value
AAA 4 - 4 -
AA 26 - 111 1
A 699 1 1,233 16
BBB 934 25 2,310 50
BB 41 - 141 1
B or lower 62 1 51 -
Total 1,766 27 3,851 68
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
176 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 177]
EUR 55 million), recognized directly in equity to be reclassified as net result during the period when the cash flows of the 
underlying hedged items occur. In 2025, none of Aegon's active cash flow hedges were discontinued as it was highly probable 
that the original forecasted transactions would occur by the end of the originally specified time period documented at the 
inception of the hedging relationship. All reported discontinued cash flow hedges are a product of completed forecast 
transactions, at which point the hedges were unwound.
In addition, Aegon uses cross-currency swaps to convert variable or fixed foreign-currency cash flows into fixed local- 
currency cash flows. The cash flows from these hedging instruments are expected to occur over the next 31 years. 
These agreements include exchanging underlying principal amounts.
The periods when the contractual, undiscounted cash flows are expected to occur are as follows:
Net foreign investment hedges
Aegon funds its investments in insurance subsidiaries with a mixture of debt and equity. Aegon aims to denominate debt 
funding in the same currency as the functional currency of the investment. Investments outside the Eurozone, the 
United States and the United Kingdom are funded in euros. When the debt funding of investments is not in the functional 
currency of the investment, Aegon uses derivatives to swap the currency exposure of the debt instrument to the appropriate 
functional currency. This policy will ensure that total capital reflects currency movements without distorting debt-to- 
shareholders’ equity ratios. Aegon utilizes various financial instruments as the designated hedging instruments of its foreign 
investments. These instruments include long-term and short-term borrowings, short-term debts to credit institutions, cross- 
currency swap contracts, and forward foreign exchange contracts.
Hedge ineffectiveness and reclassification of gains/(losses) 2025 2024 2023
Hedge ineffectiveness on cash flow hedges 2 - 3
Gains/(losses) reclassified from equity into the income statement 27 42 20
Expected deferred gain/(loss) to be reclassified from equity into net result during the next 
12 months 84 88 114
2025 < 1yr 1 < 2 yrs 2 < 3 yrs 3 < 4 yrs 4 < 5 yrs > 5 yrs Total
Cash inflows 449 308 299 235 241 4,348 5,881
Cash outflows 436 280 237 221 223 7,828 9,224
Net cash flows 13 28 62 14 18 (3,479) (3,343)
2024
Cash inflows 582 425 380 323 286 6,587 8,583
Cash outflows 475 360 323 259 246 11,644 13,308
Net cash flows 107 65 57 64 40 (5,057) (4,725)
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 20
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 177

[page 178]
Terms and conditions of hedging instruments
The following table sets out the maturity profile and average price/rate of the hedging instruments used in Aegon’s hedging 
strategies:
Impacts of hedge accounting in the financial statements
Hedging instruments recorded as "Derivatives" in the consolidated statement of financial position:
Hedged exposures covered by the above-described hedging instruments in the consolidated statement of financial position:
Notionals are in EUR million 2025 2024
Maturity Maturity
Up to 1 
month
1-3 
months
3-12 
months
1-5 
years
> 5 
years
Up to 1 
month
1-3 
months
3-12 
months
1-5 
years
> 5 
years
Fair value hedges
Interest rate contracts
Notional - - - 17 11 - - - 10 22
Foreign exchange contracts
Notional - - - - 8 - - - - 9
Cash flow hedges
Interest rate contracts
Notional - - - - 3,770 - - - - 5,352
Average fixed interest rate - - - - 3.08% - - - - 3.06%
Foreign exchange contracts
Notional - - - 185 1,271 - - - 190 1,013
Average exchange rate EUR/USD - - - 1.14 1.13 - - - 1.13 1.13
Average exchange rate USD/EUR - - - 0.88 0.88 - - - 0.88 0.89
Average exchange rate USD/GBP - - - 0.74 0.76 - - - 0.74 0.76
Average exchange rate GBP/USD - - - 1.35 1.32 - - - 1.35 1.32
Net investment hedges
Foreign exchange - FX forward
Notional 321 438 - - - 22
5 - - -
Average exchange rate EUR/USD 1.18 1.18 - - - 0.97 0.97 - - -
Average exchange rate EUR/GBP 0.81 0.88 - - - 1.21 1.21 - - -
2025 2024
Carrying amounts Notional Assets Liabilities FV change1 Notional Assets Liabilities FV change1
Fair value hedges
Interest rate contracts 28 - 3 - 32 - 3 2
Foreign exchange contracts 8 4 - 1 9 3 - (1)
Cash flow hedges
Interest rate contracts 3,770 9 833 134 5,352 12 1,092 (106)
Foreign exchange contracts 1,456 81 36 (59) 1,202 124 8 15
Net investment hedges
Foreign exchange - FX forward 760 2 - - 27 26 2 -
1 Changes in fair value used for calculating hedge ineffectiveness
Carrying amounts Accumulated amount 1
Fair value hedges Assets Liabilities Assets Liabilities Balance sheet line item FV change2
2025
Corporate Debt Hedge Program - 57 - (17) Trust pass-through securities 3
Offshore Liability Hedge Program - 12 - 2 Investment contracts without DPF -
Synthetic Asset Fair value hedges 241 - (10) - Investments (13)
2024
Corporate Debt Hedge Program - 66 - (19) Trust pass-through securities 3
Offshore Liability Hedge Program - 12 -
2 Investment contracts without DPF -
Synthetic Asset Fair value hedges 35 - 3 - Investments (1)
1 Accumulated amount of fair value adjustments on the hedged item
2 Change in fair value of hedged item for ineffectiveness assessment
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
178 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 179]
Potential sources of hedge ineffectiveness
Life & Health liability investment risk hedge
 Counterparty default
 Expected future transactions fail to occur as projected: the hedging instrument (that is, FSS) terms are already known and 
easily valued. However, the hedged item consists of one or more forecasted asset purchases for which we cannot precisely 
project the dates, coupon rates, and other underlying terms. Given the unknown variables in the hedged item, for the period 
during which the FSS remains in inventory and the forecasted transactions have not been completed, the hedged item 
portion of this relationship will be set up assuming identical dates and rates to those outlined in the hedging instrument.
 When the forecasted transaction (that is, bond purchase) is completed and the terms of the underlying hedged item are 
known, hedge ineffectiveness would possibly arise if the timing of the asset being purchased differs from the unwind date of 
the swaps designated as the hedging instrument, or the coupon rate of the asset being purchased differs from the coupon 
rate on the receive leg of the swap, or a combination of both.
Long Term Care (LTC) liability hedge
 
The hedge ineffectiveness would possibly arise if the timing of the asset being purchased differs from the unwind date of 
the swaps designated as the hedging instrument, or the coupon rate of the asset being purchased differs from the coupon 
rate on the receive leg of the swap, or a combination of both.
Synthetic asset cash flow hedge
 
Mismatch of critical terms: If critical terms do not match between the hedged item and the hedged instrument, hedge 
ineffectiveness can arise.
 Counterparty default
The counterpart default sources listed above indicate that if the counterparty fails to fulfill the contract, the hedge 
will not be highly effective. All derivatives in this program are collateralized or cleared, so the impact from this credit risk 
will not dominate the hedge relationship.
Regarding Fair value hedges, hedge ineffectiveness recognized in the profit or loss on Interest rate contracts was 
EUR 0 million in 2025 (2024: EUR (2) million). The amount recognized in the profit or loss as ineffectiveness of cash flow 
and net investment hedges was 0 in 2025 (2024: 0).
Aegon recognizes the separate line items, "Changes in cash flow hedging reserve" and  "Movement in foreign currency 
translation and net foreign investment hedging reserves" in the statement of comprehensive income related to hedges 
of net position gains and losses. Refer to note 25 Shareholders' equity for more details on these items.
Financial instruments designated and measured at FVPL
The following table shows the reconciliation of nominal amount and fair value of credit derivatives that have been used 
to manage the credit risk of financial instruments designated as FVPL:
2025 2024
FV change1 Continuing2 Discontinued2 FV change1 Continuing2 Discontinued2
Cash flow hedges
Synthetic Asset Cash flow hedges 242 121 - (215) 189 -
Life & Health Liability Investment Risk Hedge Program 18 (408) (7) (111) (483) 126
Long Term Care (LTC) Liability Hedge Program 5 (29) 895 (21) (38) 1,095
IMD Payout Hedge - - 23 - - 31
TRS (Vivendi) Hedge - - 3 - - 3
Net investment hedges
Investments in foreign operations - (331) - - (383) -
1 Change in fair value of hedged item for ineffectiveness assessment
2 Cash flow hedge / currency translation reserve
2025 2024
CDSs Nominal amount Fair value Nominal amount Fair value
On January 1 3,851 68 4,043 71
Increase/(Decrease) during the year (2,086) (41) (192) (2)
On December 31 1,766 27 3,851 68
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 20
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 179

[page 180]
21 Investments in joint ventures and associates
The disposals of associates mainly reflects the reduction of investments in ASR Nederlands N.V. (a.s.r.) from 29.96% to 
24.12%, as well as Aegon's participation in a.s.r. share buyback programs.
The joint ventures and associates are accounted for using the equity method and are non-current. The investments in joint 
ventures and associates include interest in insurance companies that are required to maintain a minimum solvency margin 
based on local directives. Such restrictions can affect the ability of these joint ventures and associates to transfer funds in the 
form of cash dividends, or repayment of loans or advances, and therefore, there can be no assurance that these restrictions 
will not become a limitation in the future. See note 39 Commitments and contingencies for any commitments and 
contingencies related to investments in joint ventures. There are no unrecognized shares of losses in joint ventures and 
associates. The financial statements of the principal joint ventures and associates have the same reporting date as the Group. 
See note 43 Group companies for a listing of the investments in joint ventures and associates and the Group’s percentage 
holding.
Joint ventures include our joint operation in China operating under the name Aegon THTF Life Insurance Co. Other than 
disclosed in note 29.3 Critical judgments and estimates, for the valuation of the insurance liabilities of our joint venture 
in China the risk-free yield curve is based on government bond yields and is constructed using a market-observed curve up 
to a last liquid point (20 years) and then extrapolating in 20 years to an ultimate spot rate. The ultimate spot rate used for 
discounting liability cash flows aligns with local market practice in China and amounts to 4.5% on December 31, 2025 (2024: 
4.2%) excluding an illiquidity premium (ILP) of 30 bps (2024: 30 bps) for the first 20 years and 20 bps thereafter (2024: 20 bps).
Summarized financial information of joint ventures
The summarized financial information presented in the following table presents the joint ventures on a 100% basis. 
Aegon considers its investments in Santander Vida Seguros y Reaseguros S.A. (Santander Spain Life) and Aegon Industrial 
Fund Management Co.Ltd. (AIFMC) as material joint ventures and are therefore presented separately.
Joint ventures Associates
2025 2024 2025 2024
On January 1 1,503 1,430 3,122 2,906
Additions 1 1 81 -
Disposals - - (603) (34)
Share in net income 303 238 200 345
Share in changes in equity (note 25.6) 3 (27) 56 85
Dividend (185) (141) (215) (199)
Net exchange difference (59) 1 (3) -
Other - - - 19
On December 31 1,566 1,503 2,638 3,122
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
180 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 181]
An overview of the summarized financial information of the carrying amount of the joint ventures (JVs), and results of the JVs 
based on the Group’s relative holding are as follows:
Aegon’s group share of net assets of joint ventures, as presented in the table above, is less than Aegon’s share of the 
net assets as presented in the summarized financial information on a 100% basis, due to the inclusion of third parties 
in the joint ventures.
Summarized financial information of associates
The following tables reflect the condensed statement of financial position and income statement of Aegon's material 
associate ASR Nederland N.V. (a.s.r.) at 100%. a.s.r. is a listed company in the Netherlands in which Aegon holds a stake 
of 24.12% as at December 31, 2025.  
Santander Spain Life AIFMC Other Joint ventures
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Summarized statement of financial position
Cash and cash equivalents 30 30 62 436 66 72
Other current assets 57 63 764 744 2,315 1,055
Total current assets 87 93 827 1,180 2,381 1,127
Non-current assets 1,004 1,023 571 194 5,718 7,429
Total assets 1,091 1,116 1,398 1,374 8,099 8,556
Current financial liabilities excluding trade payables and 
other provisions - - - - 3 4
Other current liabilities 231 53 374 350 596 452
Total current liabilities 231 53 374 350 599 456
Non-current financial liabilities excluding trade payables 
and other provisions - - - - 61 66
Other non-current liabilities 236 406 - 38 6,160 6,874
Total non-current financial liabilities 236 406 - 38 6,221 6,941
Total liabilities 467 459 374 388 6,820 7,397
Net assets 624 657 1,024 985 1,279 1,159
Summarized statement of comprehensive income
Revenue 381 340 488 415 2,807 2,662
Depreciation and amortization (36) (34) (5) (6) (29) (28)
Interest income 6 6 27 18 166 128
Interest expense - - - - (4) (9)
Profit or loss 101 95 257 280 435 272
Income tax (expense) or income (25) (21) (71) (78) (100) (80)
Post-tax profit or (loss) 76 74 186 202 335 192
Other comprehensive income 3 4 - - 5 (134)
Total comprehensive income 79 78 186 202 340 58
Dividends received 57 53 34 29 95 59
Santander Spain Life AIFMC Other Joint ventures
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Net assets of JVs as presented above 624 657 1,024 985 1,279 1,159
Net assets of JVs excluding goodwill 545 577 1,024 985 1,160 1,040
Group share of net assets of JVs, excluding goodwill 278 294 502 483 588 526
Goodwill on acquisition 80 80 1 1 119 120
Carrying amount 357 374 502 483 707 646
Group share of post-tax profit or loss 39 38 91 99 174 101
Group share of other comprehensive income 2 2 - - 3 (67)
Group share of Total comprehensive income 40 40 91 99 176 35
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 21
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 181

[page 182]
The fair value of the investment in a.s.r. has been determined based on the quoted price of the listed shares and the number of 
shares held on the reporting date. The fair value of Aegon's stake in a.s.r. is EUR 2,992 million (2024: EUR 2,864 million).
The following table includes associates that Aegon considered immaterial.
a.s.r.
Summarized statement of financial position 2025 2024
Investments 79,124 80,484
Derivatives 15,905 11,767
Other assets 47,326 46,457
Total assets 142,355 138,709
Insurance liabilities 101,431 102,723
Borrowings and subordinated liabilities 4,802 5,140
Derivatives 15,453 8,666
Other liabilities 10,405 12,293
Total liabilities 132,091 128,822
Non-controlling interest 13 47
Other equity instruments 1,477 977
Total other equity components 1,490 1,024
Net assets 8,774 8,863
a.s.r.
Summarized statement of comprehensive income 2025 2024
Insurance revenues 10,342 9,601
Insurance service result 765 772
Profit or loss from continuing operations 808 1,418
Income tax expense or income (159) (375)
Post-tax profit or loss from continuing operations 649 1,043
Post-tax profit or loss from discontinued operations - 35
Other comprehensive income - that will not be recycled to profit or loss 228 283
Total comprehensive income 877 1,361
Dividends received 200 188
Group share 24.12% 29.95%
Group share of post-tax profit or loss 178 325
Group share of other comprehensive income 56 85
Carrying amount of investment in a.s.r. 2025 2024
Net assets of a.s.r. as presented above 8,774 8,863
Net assets of a.s.r. excluding goodwill, fair value adjustments and other equity transactions 8,723 8,827
Group share of net assets of a.s.r. excluding goodwill, fair value adjustments and other equity transactions 2,104 2,644
Fair value adjustments 66 50
Goodwill on acquisition 94 117
On December 31 2,264 2,811
Other Associates
Summarized statement of financial position 2025 2024
Current assets 495 501
Non-current assets 1,090 732
Total assets 1,585 1,233
Current liabilities 308 343
Non-current liabilities 10 25
Total current liabilities 319 369
Net assets 1,266 864
Summarized statement of comprehensive income
Post-tax profit or (loss) 92 86
Other comprehensive income - -
Total comprehensive income 92 86
Dividends received 15 11
Carrying amount 374 311
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
182 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 183]
22 Deferred expenses
23 Other assets and receivables
23.1 Real estate held for own use and equipment
General account real estate held for own use has not been pledged as security for liabilities, nor are there any restrictions 
on title. The useful lives of buildings range between 40 and 50 years.
None of the equipment is held for lease (2024: none). Equipment has not been pledged as security for liabilities, nor are there 
any restrictions on title. Equipment is generally depreciated over three to five years.
Depreciation expenses are included in Administration expenses in note 13 Other operating expenses.
23.2 Receivables
With the exception of receivables from reinsurers, the receivables balances presented above are mostly not externally rated.
The movements in the expected credit losses for receivables during the year were as follows:
Deferred transaction costs for investment management services 2025 2024
On January 1 490 447
Costs deferred during the year 43 35
Amortization through income statement (23) (22)
Net exchange differences (57) 30
On December 31 452 490
Current 22 22
Non-current 430 468
Note 2025 2024
Real estate held for own use and equipment 23.1 200 236
Receivables 23.2 3,472 3,830
Accrued income 23.3 700 812
Right-of-use assets 23.4 137 162
On December 31 4,508 5,040
2025 2024
Real estate held for own use 56 66
Equipment 144 170
On December 31 200 236
2025 2024
Receivables from policyholders 132 118
Receivables from brokers and agents 306 270
Cash outstanding from assets sold 394 176
Trade receivables 475 654
Cash collateral 455 515
Income tax receivable 146 286
Other 1,581 1,828
Expected credit losses (17) (18)
On December 31 3,472 3,830
Current 3,352 3,736
Non-current 121 94
2025 2024
On January 1 (18) (10)
Expected credit losses (6) (9)
Other movements 7 1
On December 31 (17) (18)
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 22
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 183

[page 184]
23.3 Accrued income
23.4 Right-of-use assets
Right-of-use assets are mainly held by Aegon UK and Aegon Americas.
For information on the Lease liabilities and respective maturity analysis, please see note 35 Other liabilities and note 4 
Financial risks, respectively.
24 Intangible assets
Amortization through income statement is included in note 13 Other operating expenses. None of the intangible assets has 
titles that are restricted or has been pledged as security for liabilities.
With the exception of goodwill, all intangible assets within the Americas have a finite useful life and are amortized accordingly. 
Future servicing rights are amortized over the term of the related insurance contracts, which can vary significantly depending 
on the maturity of the acquired portfolio and range between 10 and 30 years. As at December 31, 2025 10 years remain 
(2024: 11 years). Software is generally depreciated over an average period of three to five years (no changes compared to 
2024).
2025 2024
Accrued interest 700 812
On December 31 700 812
Current 700 812
Real estate 
for own use Equipment Other
2025 
Total
Real estate 
for own use Equipment Other
2024 
Total
On January 1 154 4 4 162 138 10 3 150
Additions 15 1 3 19 31 - 3 34
Disposals (1) - - (1) (5) - - (5)
Modification of lease contracts 1 - - 1 6 - - 6
Depreciation through income statement (24) (4) (2) (30) (22) (6) (2) (30)
Net exchange differences (9) - - (10) 6 - - 7
Other (5) - - (5) - - - -
On December 31 131 1 5 137 154 4 4 162
Gross carrying value 253 15 11 279 284 21 10 314
Accumulated depreciation (122) (14) (7) (143) (130) (16) (5) (152)
Net book value 131 1 5 137 154 4 4 162
Goodwill
Future 
servicing rights Software Other Total
On January 1, 2025 345 120 51 58 575
Additions - - 12 1 13
Amortization through income statement - (14) (12) (6) (32)
Acquisitions through business combinations 1 - - 3 4
Other movements - - - - -
Net exchange differences (34) (2) (1) (3) (40)
On December 31, 2025 313 105 49 52 519
Gross carrying value 426 289 94 96 906
Accumulated amortization and impairment (113) (184) (45) (44) (387)
Net book value 313 105 49 52 519
On January 1, 2024 291 131 48 33 504
Additions - 2 12 1 15
Amortization through income statement - (14) (11) (5) (30)
Acquisitions through business combinations 23 - - 40 63
Other movements 13 - - (13) -
Net exchange differences 19 1 1 2 23
On December 31, 2024 345 120 51 58 575
Gross carrying value 473 311 85 98 967
Accumulated amortization and impairment (128) (191) (34) (40) (393)
Net book value 345 120 51 58 575
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
184 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 185]
Goodwill
The economic assumptions underlying all calculations are based on observable market data and projections of future trends. 
All cash-generating units tested showed that their recoverable amounts exceeded their carrying values, including goodwill. 
A reasonably possible change in any key assumption is not expected to cause the carrying value of the cash-generating units 
to exceed their recoverable amount.
The goodwill balance has been allocated to the cash-generating units expected to benefit from the synergies inherent in the 
goodwill. Goodwill is tested for impairment both annually and when there are specific indicators of a potential impairment. 
The recoverable amount of cash-generating unit is the higher of its value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal. 
The operating assumptions used in all the calculations are best estimate assumptions and based on historical data where 
available.
A summary of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated is as follows:
Within the Americas, Transamerica's goodwill is allocated to groups of cash-generating units, including variable annuities, 
fixed annuities, and the retirement plans and single premium group annuities (SPGAs). Transamerica uses the value in use 
concept to determine the recoverable amount and it is calculated annually in the fourth quarter. Transamerica reviewed the 
recoverable amount of the retirement plans and SPGA cash-generating units under the Economic Available Capital (EAC) 
approach. This approach measures the difference between the market value of assets assigned to a block of business and 
the market value of liabilities. The EAC is reflective of market conditions where a pre-tax benchmark discount rate ranged 
from approximately 3.46% to 4.17% from the one-month to 30-year tenors.
Transamerica reviewed the recoverable amount of the annuities' cash-generating units under the Contractual Service Margin 
(CSM) approach. The CSM is a component of the asset or liability for the group of insurance contracts that represents the 
unearned profit the entity will recognize as it provides future services. Based on the value-in-use tests, Transamerica’s 
goodwill for the group of annuities cash-generating units (2025: EUR 121 million; 2024: EUR 137 million) remains unchanged 
from the prior period, except for the impact of currency translation adjustments. Transamerica’s goodwill for the retirement 
plans and SPGA cash-generating units  (2025: EUR 68 million; 2024: EUR 77 million) remains unchanged from the prior period 
except for the impact of currency translation adjustments.
In the United Kingdom, the cash-generating unit for the Cofunds goodwill impairment assessment is Aegon UK. For the 
Nationwide (Origen) goodwill and the Barrington Hamilton (Origen) goodwill, the cash-generating unit is Origen Financial 
Services Limited.
For the Cofunds goodwill, the value in use of Scottish Equitable plc is the most material part of the Aegon UK value-in-use 
calculation. The value in use of SE plc was determined using SE plc’s Solvency II own funds value with adjustments for 
contract boundaries and risk margin.  An allowance has also been made for the present value of profits from expected new 
business in the next four years.  A key variable is the present value of profits from expected new business in the next four 
years, which, if this does not arise, would reduce the value in use by EUR 108 million; however there would still be over 
EUR 1,375 million headroom.
For Nationwide (Origen) and Barrington Hamilton (Origen) goodwill, this relies on the underlying value in use calculation for 
Origen Financial Services limited (OFSL). The value-in-use calculation employs a standard model. The headroom at year-end 
was EUR 103 million for Nationwide and EUR 228 million for Barrington Hamilton.
Future servicing rights
These primarily reflect Aegon Asset Management mandates added in 2023. These rights have a remaining amortization 
period of 7.5 years and a carrying amount of EUR 93 million on December 31, 2025 (2024: EUR 104 million).
2025 2024
Americas 189 215
United Kingdom 79 81
Asset Management 45 49
On December 31 313 345
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 24
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 185

[page 186]
25 Shareholders’ equity
Issued share capital and reserves attributable to shareholders of Aegon Ltd.
25.1 Share capital – par value
During 2025, common shares were withdrawn in two transactions. In December 2025, 79,677,562 common shares were 
cancelled, and 17,557,160 common shares B were cancelled.
During 2024, common shares were withdrawn in two transactions. In July 2024, 126,960,718 common shares were cancelled, 
while in December 2024, 34,968,762 common shares and 36,371,440 common shares B were cancelled.
The withdrawal of common shares was executed in two transactions during 2023. In July 2023, 79,703,317 common shares 
and 43,817,400 common shares B cancelled, while in December 2023, 215,000,000 common shares and 112,619,440 
common shares B were cancelled.
The purpose of the share cancellations is to reduce the number of treasury shares that are not used to cover obligations 
arising from share-based incentive plans or other obligations.
The table below represents the weighted average number of common shares, including treasury shares, attributable 
to Aegon Ltd.:
Note 2025 2024 2023
Share capital - par value 25.1 229 241 265
Share premium 25.2 6,853 6,853 6,853
Total share capital 7,082 7,094 7,118
Retained earnings 4,238 4,347 5,099
Treasury shares 25.3 (447) (398) (346)
Total retained earnings 3,792 3,949 4,753
Revaluation reserves 25.4 (2,519) (3,706) (3,770)
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans 25.5 (966) (1,072) (1,006)
Other reserves 25.6 43 951 379
Total shareholders' equity 7,432 7,215 7,475
2025 2024 2023
Common shares 189 198 218
Common shares B 40 42 47
On December 31 229 241 265
Common shares Common shares B
2025 2024 2023 2025 2024 2023
Authorized share capital 480 480 480 240 240 240
Number of authorized shares (in million) 4,000 4,000 4,000 2,000 2,000 2,000
Par value in cents per share 12 12 12 12 12 12
Common shares Common shares B
Number of shares 
(thousands) Total amount
Number of shares 
(thousands) Total amount
On January 1 1,652,797 198 353,388 42
Shares withdrawn (79,678) (10) (17,557) (2)
On December 31, 2025 1,573,120 189 335,831 40
On January 1 1,814,727 218 389,759 47
Shares withdrawn (161,929) (19) (36,371) (4)
On December 31, 2024 1,652,797 198 353,388 42
On January 1 2,109,430 253 546,196 66
Shares withdrawn (294,703) (35) (156,437) (19)
On December 31, 2023 1,814,727 218 389,759 47
Common shares Common shares B
2025 2024 2023 2025 2024 2023
Weighted average number (thousands) 1,649,305 1,753,162 2,067,119 352,618 388,169 523,149
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
186 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 187]
All issued common shares and common shares B have a nominal value of EUR 0.12 and have been fully paid up. 
The Board is authorized, subject to certain restrictions of Bermuda law and the Bye-Laws, to repurchase Aegon Ltd. 
shares. Vereniging Aegon, based in Haarlemmermeer, the Netherlands, holds all the issued and outstanding common 
shares B.
For detailed information on the transaction between Aegon Ltd. and Vereniging Aegon, see note 44 Related party transactions 
in the consolidated financial statements.
25.2 Share premium
The share premium account reflects the balance of paid-in amounts above par value at issuance of new shares less 
the amounts charged for share dividends.
25.3 Treasury shares
On the reporting date, Aegon Ltd. held 68,791,547 (2024: 68,934,478, 2023: 72,319,889) of its own treasury common shares 
and 7,945,440 (2024: 7,945,440, 2023: 7,945,440) own treasury common shares B with a par value of EUR 0.12 each.
Share repurchases
On December 15, 2025, Aegon completed its share buyback program, which initially began on July 1, 2025, as a EUR 200 
million initiative and was later expanded, on August 25, 2025, by an additional EUR 200 million, bringing the total to EUR 400 
million. Between July 1, 2025, and December 15, 2025, 61,197,437 common shares were repurchased at an average price 
of EUR 6.4772 per share. Vereniging Aegon participated in this program for EUR 71 million.
On June 30, 2025, Aegon completed its share buyback program, as announced on November 15, 2024, returning 
EUR 150 million to shareholders. Between January 13, 2025, and June 30, 2025, a total of 25,200,170 common shares 
were repurchased at an average price of EUR 5.9641 per share. The EUR 150 million share buyback program included 
approximately EUR 40 million to meet Aegon's obligations arising from share-based compensation plans for senior 
management. Vereniging Aegon participated in this buyback for EUR 20 million.
In 2025, Aegon repurchased 17,557,160 common shares B at an average price of EUR 0.16.
On December 13, 2024, Aegon completed its share buyback program, as announced on May 16, 2024, returning 
EUR 200 million to shareholders. Between July 8, 2024 and December 13, 2024, a total of 34,968,762 common 
shares were repurchased at an average price of EUR 5.7049 per share.
In 2024, Aegon repurchased 36,371,440 common shares B at an average price of EUR 0.15.
On July 6, 2023, Aegon announced the beginning of a EUR 1.5 billion share buyback program. This followed the completion 
of the combination of its Dutch pension, life and non-life insurance, banking, and mortgage origination activities with a.s.r. 
on July 4, 2023. On April 9, 2024, Aegon announced that this share buyback was increased by EUR 35 million in relation 
to the share-based compensation plans for senior management. The share buyback program was completed during 2024 
(EUR 1.535 billion in total, of which EUR 815 million in 2023 and EUR 720 million in 2024). Between July 6, 2023, and June 28, 
2024, a total of 301,105,806 common shares were repurchased at an average price of EUR 5.0966 per share.
On June 2, 2023, Aegon completed its share buyback program, as announced on February 9, 2023, aimed at returning 
EUR 200 million of surplus cash capital to shareholders. Between February 10, 2023, and June 2, 2023, a total of 46,797,567 
common shares were repurchased at an average rate of 4.2737 per share.
On January 30, 2023, Aegon repurchased 8,516,263 common shares at an average price of EUR 5.0014 per share, to fulfill 
the obligation in connection with the share-based compensation plans for senior management.
In 2023, Aegon repurchased 112,619,400 common shares B at an average price of EUR 0.13.
2025 2024 2023
On January 1 6,853 6,853 6,853
On December 31 6,853 6,853 6,853
- Common shares 5,200 5,200 5,200
- Common shares B 1,653 1,653 1,653
Total share premium 6,853 6,853 6,853
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 25
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 187

[page 188]
Sales of shares
In 2025, in total 6,862,976 common shares were sold at an average price of EUR 5.7516 per share, in connection with Aegon’s 
obligations resulting from the share-based compensation plans for senior management (2024: 6,649,353 common shares at 
an average price of EUR 4.7678 per share, 2023: 4,993,117 common shares at an average price of EUR 4.4602 per share).
Shares withdrawals
During 2025, common shares were withdrawn in one transaction, following the Company's repurchases under its share 
buyback programs. In December 2025, 79,677,562 common shares were cancelled at an average price of EUR 5.8066, 
and 17,557,160 common shares B were cancelled at an average price of EUR 0.16.
During 2024, common shares were withdrawn in two transactions, following the Company's repurchases under its share 
buyback programs. In July 2024, 126,960,718 common shares at an average price of EUR 5.0635 per share, while in 
December 2024, 34,968,762 common shares at an average price of EUR 5.5143 per share, and 36,371,440 common shares 
B were cancelled at an average price of EUR 0.15.
During 2023, common shares were withdrawn in two transactions, following the Company's repurchases under its share 
buyback programs. In July 2023, 79,703,317 shares were cancelled at an average price of EUR 4.5917 per share, and 
43,817,400 common shares B were cancelled at an average price of 0.11. In December 2023, 215,000,000 common shares 
were cancelled at an average price of EUR 4.5860 per share, and 112,619,400 common shares B were cancelled at an 
average price of EUR 0.13.
25.4 Revaluation reserves
The revaluation of both investments measured at FVOCI and real estate held for own use includes unrealized gains and 
losses on these investments, net of tax. Upon sale, the amounts realized are recognized in the income statement (for FVOCI 
investments with recycling) or transferred to retained earnings (for real estate held for own use). The revaluation reserve also 
includes the loss allowance recognized for financial assets measured at FVOCI.
The closing balances of the revaluation reserve for investments measured at FVOCI relate to the following instruments:
Common shares Common shares B
Treasury shares 2025 2024 2023 2025 2024 2023
Weighted average number (thousands) 96,602 123,431 188,403 7,945 7,945 33,035
Investments 
(FVOCI)
Real estate 
held for own 
use
Cash flow 
hedging 
reserve
Insurance 
contracts
Reinsurance 
contracts 
held Total
On January 1, 2025 (4,426) 9 724 2,795 (2,808) (3,706)
Gross revaluation 1,605 1 (97) (833) 119 795
Net (gains) / losses transferred to income statement 342 - (127) - - 215
Movements in foreign currency translation and net foreign 
investment hedging reserves 464 (1) (79) (297) 326 413
Tax effect (419) - 49 174 (22) (218)
Disposal of group assets - (1) - - - (1)
Other - - - (17) - (17)
On December 31, 2025 (2,434) 8 469 1,821 (2,384) (2,519)
On January 1, 2024 (3,300) 9 842 939 (2,261) (3,770)
Gross revaluation (1,187) (1) (88) 2,250 (556) 418
Net (gains) / losses transferred to income statement 82 - (124) - - (42)
Movements in foreign currency translation and net foreign 
investment hedging reserves (259) 1 49 136 (168) (242)
Tax effect 237 - 45 (530) 177 (71)
On December 31, 2024 (4,426) 9 724 2,795 (2,808) (3,706)
On January 1, 2023 (5,251) 15 1,024 2,215
(2,566) (4,563)
Gross revaluation 1,552 (2) (62) (1,626) 349 211
Net (gains) / losses transferred to income statement 706 - (130) - - 577
Movements in foreign currency translation and net foreign 
investment hedging reserves 138 - (31) (47) 82 142
Tax effect (487) - 42 397 (126) (174)
Disposal of group assets 42 (3) - - - 38
On December 31, 2023 (3,300) 9 842 939 (2,261) (3,770)
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
188 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 189]
The cash flow hedging reserve includes (un)realized gains and losses on the effective portions of hedging instruments, 
net of tax. The amounts are recognized in the income statement at the moment of realization of the hedged position 
to offset the gain or loss from the hedged cash flow. No amounts have been released from equity for inclusion in 
the initial measurement of non-financial assets or liabilities.
25.5 Remeasurement of defined benefit plans
25.6 Other reserves
The foreign currency translation reserve includes the currency results from investments in non-euro-denominated 
subsidiaries. The amounts are released to the income statement upon the sale of the subsidiary.
The net foreign investment hedging reserve comprises of gains and losses on the effective portions of hedging instruments, 
net of tax. The amounts are recognized in the income statement at the moment of realization of the hedged position to offset 
the gain or loss from the net foreign investment.
2025 2024 2023
Shares 3 3 2
Debt securities (2,431) (4,425) (3,297)
Money market and other short-term investments (6) (5) (5)
Revaluation reserve for investments measured at FVOCI (2,434) (4,426) (3,300)
2025 2024 2023
On January 1 (1,072) (1,006) (1,565)
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans 9 (6) (110)
Tax effect (4) 1 17
Net exchange differences 101 (60) 14
Disposal of a business - - 638
Total remeasurement of defined benefit plans (966) (1,072) (1,006)
Foreign 
currency 
translation 
reserve
Net foreign 
investment 
hedging 
reserve
Equity 
movements of 
joint ventures 
and associates Total
On January 1, 2025 1,381 (383) (48) 951
Movements in foreign currency translation and net foreign investment 
hedging reserves (998) 51 - (947)
Disposal of a business (2) - - (2)
Disposal - - (17) (17)
Equity movements of joint ventures - - 3 3
Equity movements of associates - - 56 56
On December 31, 2025 380 (331) (5) 43
On January 1, 2024 798 (324) (95) 379
Movements in foreign currency translation and net foreign investment 
hedging reserves 581 (63) - 518
Disposal of a business (5) 4 (11) (12)
Tax effect 7 - - 7
Equity movements of joint ventures - - (27) (27)
Equity movements of associates - - 85 85
Other - - (1) (1)
On December 31, 2024 1,381 (383) (48) 951
On January 1, 2023 1,108 (371) (68) 669
Movements in foreign currency translation and net foreign investment 
hedging reserves (290) 54 - (236)
Disposal of a business (29) - (15) (45)
Tax effect 10 (6) - 3
Equity movements of joint ventures - - (2) (2)
Equity movements of associates - - (9) (9)
On December 31, 2023 798 (324) (95) 379
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 25
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 189

[page 190]
The equity movements of joint ventures and associates reflect Aegon's share of changes recognized directly in the joint 
ventures' and associates' equity.
26 Other equity instruments
The securities have been issued at par and include subordination provisions, ranking junior to all other liabilities and senior 
only to shareholders' equity. The conditions of the securities contain certain provisions for coupon payment deferral. 
Although the securities have no stated maturity, Aegon has the right to call the securities for redemption at par for the first 
time between April 15, 2029 and October 15, 2029 and every reset date (October 15, with five-year intervals) thereafter.
The interest rate exposure on some of these securities has been swapped to a SOFR- or EURIBOR- based yield.
The securities have been issued at par. The securities include subordination provisions, ranking junior to all other liabilities 
and senior only to shareholders' equity. The conditions of the securities contain certain provisions for coupon payment 
deferral and, in situations under Aegon's control, mandatory coupon payment events. Although the securities have no stated 
maturity, Aegon has the right to call the securities for redemption at par for the first time on the coupon date in the years 
as specified, or on any coupon payment date thereafter.
Perpetual 
contingent 
convertible 
securities
Junior 
perpetual 
capital 
securities
Perpetual 
cumulative 
subordinated 
bonds
Share options 
and incentive 
plans 1 Total
On January 1, 2025 500 923 454 95 1,972
Shares granted / Share options cost incurred - - - 37 37
Shares vested / Share options forfeited - - - (31) (31)
On December 31, 2025 500 923 454 101 1,978
On January 1, 2024 500 923 454 74 1,951
Shares granted / Share options cost incurred - - - 49 49
Shares vested / Share options forfeited - - - (28) (28)
On December 31, 2024 500 923 454 95 1,972
On January 1, 2023 500 923 454 66 1,943
Shares granted / Share options cost incurred - - - 33 33
Shares vested / Share options forfeited - - - (25) (25)
On December 31, 2023 500 923 454 74 1,951
1 Incentive plans include the shares granted to personnel that are not yet vested.
Perpetual contingent convertible 
securities Coupon rate Coupon date
Year of next 
call 2025 2024 2023
EUR 500 million 5.625% 1 Semi-annually, April 15 2029 500 500 500
On December 31 500 500 500
1 The coupon is fixed at 5.625% until the first call date and reset thereafter to a 5-year mid swap plus a margin of 5.207%.
Junior perpetual capital securities Coupon rate Coupon date
Year of next 
call 2025 2024 2023
USD 500 million floating CMS rate 1 Quarterly, July 15 2026 402 402 402
EUR 950 million 3 floating DSL rate 2 Quarterly, July 15 2026 521 521 521
On December 31 923 923 923
1 The coupon of the USD 500 million junior perpetual capital securities is reset each quarter based on the aggregate of (i) the 10-year USD SOFR ICE swap rate, 
(ii) a spread adjustment of 29 basis points and (iii) a credit spread of 10 basis points, with a maximum of 8.5%.
2 The coupon of the EUR 950 million junior perpetual capital securities is reset each quarter based on the then prevailing 10-year Dutch government bond yield 
plus a spread of 10 basis points, with a maximum of 8%.
3 On April 5, 2022 Aegon completed a tender offer buying back EUR 429 million of perpetual capital securities, part of the EUR 950 million notes issued in 2004.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
190 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 191]
These bonds have the same subordination provisions as dated subordinated debt. In addition, the bonds' terms include 
provisions for deferring coupon payments. Although the bonds have no stated maturity, Aegon has the right to call the bonds 
for redemption at par for the first time on the coupon date in the year of the next call.
27 Subordinated borrowings
These securities are subordinated and rank senior to the junior perpetual capital securities and the perpetual contingent 
convertible securities, equally with the perpetual cumulative subordinated bonds and junior to all other liabilities. The terms 
of the securities include provisions for deferring coupon payments. There have been no defaults or breaches of conditions 
during the period.
28 Trust pass-through securities
Trust pass-through securities are securities through which the holder participates in a trust. The assets of these trusts consist 
of junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures issued by Transamerica Corporation. The trust pass-through securities 
include provisions for deferring distributions for extension periods up to 10 consecutive semi-annual periods. The trust pass- 
through securities are subordinated to all other unsubordinated borrowings and liabilities of Transamerica Corporation.
There were no defaults or breaches of conditions during the period.
Perpetual cumulative subordinated 
bonds Coupon rate Coupon date
Year of next 
call 2025 2024 2023
EUR 136 million 1.425% 2, 4 Annually, October 14 2028 136 136 136
EUR 203 million 0.496% 3, 4 Annually, March 4 2031 203 203 203
EUR 114 million 3.568% 1, 4 Annually, June 8 2035 114 114 114
On December 31 454 454 454
1 The coupon of the EUR 114 million bonds was originally set at 8% until June 8, 2005. Subsequently, the coupon was reset at 4.156% until June 8, 2015; to 
1.506% until June 8, 2025; and to 3.568% thereafter.
2 The coupon of the EUR 136 million bonds was originally set at 7.25% until October 14, 2008. Subsequently, the coupon has been reset at 5.185% until October 
14, 2018 and 1.425% until October 14, 2028.
3 The coupon of the EUR 203 million bonds was originally set at 7.125% until March 4, 2011. Subsequently, the coupon has been reset at 4.26% until March 4, 
2021 and 0.496% until March 4, 2031.
4 If the bonds are not called on the respective call dates and after consecutive periods of 10 years, the coupons will be reset at the then prevailing effective 
yield of ten-year Dutch government securities plus a spread of 85 basis points.
Coupon rate Coupon date
Issue / 
Maturity
Year of next 
call 2025 2024
Fixed to floating subordinated notes
USD 800 million 5.5% 2 Semi-annually, April 11 2018/48 2028 680 770
Fixed subordinated notes
USD 925 million 1 5.1% Quarterly, March 15 2019/49 2026 781 883
On December 31 1,461 1,653
Fair value of subordinated borrowings 1,312 1,490
1 Issued by a subsidiary of, and guaranteed by Aegon Ltd.
2 The coupon is fixed at 5.5% until the first call date in 2028 and floating thereafter with a 6-month USD LIBOR (subject to US LIBOR Act) plus a margin of 
3.539%.
Coupon rate Coupon date
Issue / 
Maturity
Year of next 
call 2 2025 2024
USD 225 million 1 7.65% Semi-annually, December 1 1996/2026 n.a. 57 66
USD 190 million 1 7.625% Semi-annually, November 15 1997/2037 n.a. 42 47
On December 31 99 113
Fair value 118 133
1 Issued by a subsidiary of, and guaranteed by Aegon Ltd.
2 n.a. in the above table should be read as "not applicable."
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 27
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 191

[page 192]
29 (Re)Insurance contracts and investment contracts with discretionary participation features
29.1 Contracts by measurement model
The table below presents the asset and liability balances of insurance contracts and reinsurance contracts held, by 
measurement model. This includes contracts measured under Premium allocation approach (PAA) and contracts measured 
under the General model and Variable fee approach (i.e. Non-PAA).
All groups of investment contracts with discretionary participation features (DPF) were measured under Non-PAA and were 
in a liability position at the reporting date and comparative period.
29.2 Movements in carrying amounts on (re)insurance contracts and investment contracts with DPF
The following tables present the reconciliation of the net carrying amounts of insurance contracts, reinsurance contracts held 
and investment contracts with DPF.
29.2.1 Movement schedules by type of liability (or asset)
 For insurance contracts and investment contracts with DPF - Liability for remaining coverage excluding loss component 
(LFRC), Loss component (LC) and Liability for incurred claims (LFIC)
 For reinsurance contracts held - Asset for remaining coverage excluding loss recovery component (AFRC), Loss recovery 
component (LRC) and Asset for incurred claims (AFIC)
2025 2024
By measurement model Non-PAA PAA Total Non-PAA PAA Total
Insurance contract assets 18 - 18 125 - 125
Insurance contract liabilities 176,024 44 176,067 188,318 41 188,359
Insurance contracts net balance 176,006 44 176,049 188,193 41 188,233
Reinsurance contract assets 17,146 8 17,153 16,015 7 16,021
Reinsurance contract liabilities 195 - 195 303 - 303
Reinsurance contracts net balance 16,950 8 16,958 15,712 7 15,719
2025 2024
Insurance contracts (Non-PAA) - by type LFRC LC LFIC Total LFRC LC LFIC Total
Opening assets 1,886 (1,373) (387) 125 1,589 (1,042) (362) 185
Opening liabilities 159,857 1,252 27,209 188,318 159,113 945 17,349 177,407
Net opening balance 157,971 2,625 27,596 188,193 157,524 1,987 17,711 177,222
Insurance revenue (8,906) - - (8,906) (9,656) - - (9,656)
Incurred claims and expenses - (378) 7,967 7,589 - (317) 8,275 7,958
Amortization of acquisition cash flows 538 - - 538 553 - - 553
Onerous contract losses (and reversals) - 1,139 - 1,139 - 1,118 - 1,118
Adjustments for incurred claims - - 1 1 - - - -
Insurance service expenses 538 762 7,967 9,267 553 801 8,275 9,629
Investment components (5,809) - 5,809 - (5,506) - 5,506 -
Insurance service result (14,177) 762 13,776 361 (14,609) 801 13,781 (27)
Insurance finance (income) / expenses 18,005 138 - 18,143 11,924 62 - 11,986
Cash flows (4,721) (353) (6,252) (11,326) (6,128) (299) (5,465) (11,892)
Contracts disposed during the period - - - - 8 (94) - (85)
Disposal of a business (7) - - (7) - - - -
Transfers to disposal groups - - - - (34) 14 17 (3)
Other movements - - - - 1 - (5) (4)
Transfer (to)/from other headings (10) 10 - - (1) - - -
Net exchange differences (15,522) (326) (3,510) (19,358) 9,286 153 1,557 10,996
Net closing balance 141,539 2,856 31,611 176,006 157,971 2,625 27,596 188,193
Closing assets 59 (27) (14) 18 1,886 (1,373) (387) 125
Closing liabilities 141,597 2,829 31,597 176,024 159,857 1,252 27,209 188,318
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
192 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 193]
2025 2024
Reinsurance contracts (Non-PAA) - by type AFRC LRC AFIC Total AFRC LRC AFIC Total
Opening assets 15,965 475 (426) 16,015 16,457 349 (205) 16,601
Opening liabilities 2,011 (1,270) (439) 303 1,738 (947) (183) 608
Net opening balance 13,954 1,745 13 15,712 14,719 1,296 (22) 15,993
Net expenses from reinsurance contracts 308 254 275 837 (619) 876 69 325
Other reinsurance finance income / (expenses) 613 69 - 681 41 19 - 61
Effect of reinsurer default risk changes 2 - - 2 (5) - - (5)
Total changes in the profit or loss and OCI 922 322 275 1,520 (583) 895 69 380
Cash flows 2,443 (166) (597) 1,680 (1,460) (140) (268) (1,869)
Other movements - - - - 371 (409) 234 196
Net exchange differences (1,761) (211) 10 (1,961) 908 103 - 1,011
Net closing balance 15,558 1,690 (298) 16,950 13,954 1,745 13 15,712
Closing assets 15,749 1,693 (296) 17,146 15,965 475 (426) 16,015
Closing liabilities 191 2 2 195 2,011 (1,270) (439) 303
2025 2024
Investment contracts with DPF - by type LFRC LC LFIC Total LFRC LC LFIC Total
Opening assets - - - - - - - -
Opening liabilities 22,332 - - 22,332 21,594 - - 21,594
Net opening balance 22,332 - - 22,332 21,594 - - 21,594
Insurance revenue (77) - - (77) (80) - - (80)
Incurred claims and expenses - - 30 30 - - 43 43
Onerous contract losses (and reversals) - 2 - 2 - - - -
Insurance service expenses - 2 30 32 - - 43 43
Investment components (3,109) - 3,109 - (2,934) - 2,934 -
Insurance service result (3,186) 2 3,139 (45) (3,014) - 2,977 (37)
Insurance finance (income) / expenses 2,916 - - 2,916 2,270 - - 2,270
Cash flows 394 - (3,138) (2,744) 452 - (2,977) (2,525)
Net exchange differences (1,177) - - (1,177) 1,030 - - 1,030
Net closing balance 21,278 2 1 21,281 22,332 - - 22,332
Closing assets - - - - - - - -
Closing liabilities 21,278 2 1 21,281 22,332 - - 22,332
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 29
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 193

[page 194]
29.2.2 Movement schedules by measurement component
The following schedules presents the measurement components comprising the Best estimate liability (BEL), Risk adjustment 
(RA), and contractual Service Margin (CSM).
2025 2024
Insurance contracts (Non-PAA) - by component BEL RA CSM Total BEL RA CSM Total
Opening assets 452 (323) (5) 125 475 (286) (4) 185
Opening liabilities 176,063 3,295 8,959 188,318 166,036 3,251 8,120 177,407
Net opening balance 175,611 3,618 8,964 188,193 165,562 3,537 8,124 177,222
Changes in estimates that adjust CSM (371) (78) 449 - (317) (131) 448 -
Changes in estimates that adjust onerous contracts 1,069 29 - 1,098 1,063 1 - 1,064
New contracts issued – non-onerous (788) 118 669 - (648) 102 546 -
New contracts issued – onerous 25 17 - 42 36 18 - 54
Changes that relate to future service (65) 86 1,118 1,139 134 (10) 994 1,118
Earnings released from CSM - - (930) (930) - - (958) (958)
Release of risk adjustment - (278) - (278) - (305) - (305)
Experience adjustments on current service 439 - - 439 101 - - 101
Revenue from policyholder tax expenses incurred (11) - - (11) 2 - - 2
Changes that relate to current service 428 (278) (930) (780) 103 (305) (958) (1,160)
Experience adjustments on incurred claims 1 - - 1 15 (1) - 14
Changes that relate to past service 1 - - 1 15 (1) - 14
Insurance service result 364 (191) 189 361 252 (315) 36 (27)
General model
Interest accreted to insurance contracts 2,654 141 226 3,021 2,693 178 225 3,096
Interest rate and other financial assumption changes 1,775 (4) - 1,771 (1,910) (11) - (1,921)
Revaluation of changes in non-financial assumptions and 
experience adjustments to current interest rates (138) 10 - (128) 121 - - 121
Variable fee approach
Change in fair value of the underlying assets 14,316 - - 14,316 12,719 - - 12,719
Change in fulfilment value - risk mitigation option (836) - - (836) (2,029) - - (2,029)
Insurance finance (income) / expenses 17,770 148 226 18,143 11,594 167 225 11,986
Premiums received 14,405 - - 14,405 15,377 - - 15,377
Claims, benefits and expenses paid (24,576) - - (24,576) (26,274) - - (26,274)
Acquisition costs paid (1,126) - - (1,126) (963) - - (963)
Other (30) - - (30) (32) - - (32)
Cash flows (11,326) - - (11,326) (11,892) - - (11,892)
Contracts disposed during the period - - - - (128) - 43 (85)
Disposal of a business (7) - - (7) - - - -
Transfers to disposal groups - - - - (14) 6 6 (3)
Other - - - - (4) - - (4)
Other movements (7) - - (7) (147) 6 48 (92)
Net exchange differences (17,981) (405) (972) (19,358) 10,242 224 529 10,996
Net closing balance 164,430 3,169 8,406 176,006 175,611 3,618 8,964 188,193
Closing assets 100 (35) (47) 18 452 (323) (5) 125
Closing liabilities 164,531 3,134 8,359 176,024 176,063 3,295 8,959 188,318
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
194 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 195]
2025 2024
Reinsurance contracts (Non-PAA) - by component BEL RA CSM Total BEL RA CSM Total
Opening assets 15,374 433 208 16,015 16,184 423 (7) 16,601
Opening liabilities 693 (361) (29) 303 1,024 (332) (85) 608
Net opening balance 14,681 794 237 15,712 15,160 755 78 15,993
Changes in estimates that adjust CSM (234) (20) 254 - (152) (11) 163 -
Changes in estimates that adjust underlying onerous 
contracts 591 9 18 618 462 38 (46) 454
New reinsurance contracts recognized (200) 60 141 1 (11) 4 8 1
Changes that relate to future service 157 50 413 620 299 31 125 455
CSM recognized for service received - - (11) (11) - - (14) (14)
Release of risk adjustment - (72) - (72) - (83) - (83)
Experience adjustment on current service 300 - - 300 (36) - - (36)
Changes that relate to current service 300 (72) (11) 217 (36) (83) (14) (133)
Experience adjustment on incurred claims - - - - 3 - - 3
Changes that relate to past service - - - - 3 - - 3
Net income/ (expenses) on reinsurance held 457 (22) 402 837 266 (52) 111 325
Reinsurance finance income / (expenses) 652 43 (12) 683 31 36 (12) 55
Premiums paid (net of commission) 4,950 - - 4,950 1,341 - - 1,341
Amounts received (3,270) - - (3,270) (3,209) - - (3,209)
Other (1) - - (1) (1) - - (1)
Cash flows 1,680 - - 1,680 (1,869) - - (1,869)
Reinsurance contracts disposed - - - - (64) - 34 (30)
Other - - - - 207 5 14 226
Other movements - - - - 143 5 48 196
Net exchange difference (1,826) (94) (42) (1,961) 949 50 12 1,011
Net closing balance 15,644 721 585 16,950 14,681 794 237 15,712
Closing assets 15,816 691 639 17,146 15,374 433 208 16,015
Closing liabilities 172 (30) 54 195 693 (361) (29) 303
2025 2024
Investment contracts with DPF - by component BEL RA CSM Total BEL RA CSM Total
Opening assets - - - - - - - -
Opening liabilities 21,987 112 233 22,332 21,285 128 180 21,594
Net opening balance 21,987 112 233 22,332 21,285 128 180 21,594
Changes in estimates that adjust CSM (66) 5 61 - (70) (7) 76 -
Changes in estimates that adjust onerous contracts 2 - - 2 - - - -
Changes that relate to future service (64) 5 61 2 (70) (7) 76 -
Earnings released from CSM - - (37) (37) - - (33) (33)
Release of risk adjustment - (14) - (14) - (14) - (14)
Experience adjustments on current service 4 - - 4 11 - - 11
Changes that relate to current service 4 (14) (37) (47) 11 (14) (33) (37)
Insurance service result (60) (10) 25 (45) (59) (21) 43 (37)
Variable fee approach
Change in fair value of the underlying assets 2,916 - - 2,916 2,270 - - 2,270
Insurance finance (income) / expenses 2,916 - - 2,916 2,270 - - 2,270
Premiums received 413 - - 413 470 - - 470
Claims, benefits and expenses paid (3,157) - - (3,157) (2,995) - - (2,995)
Acquisition costs paid (2) - - (2) - - - -
Other 1 - - 1 - - - -
Cash flows (2,744) - - (2,744) (2,525) - - (2,525)
Net exchange differences (1,159) (6) (13) (1,177) 1,015 6 10 1,030
Net closing balance 20,940 97 245 21,281 21,987 112 233 22,332
Closing assets - - - - - - - -
Closing liabilities 20,940 97 245 21,281 21,987 112 233 22,332
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 29
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 195

[page 196]
29.2.3 New contracts recognized
29.2.4 Contractual service margin maturity analysis
29.2.5 Movement schedules of contractual service margin by transition method
The table below presents the reconciliation of the contractual service margin recognized for contracts in force as of 
the transition date. The transition methods applied to these contracts include the Modified retrospective approach (MRA), 
Fair value approach (FVA) and Other applicable method.
2025 2024
Insurance contracts (Non-PAA) Non-onerous Onerous Total Non-onerous Onerous Total
Present value of cash inflows (5,661) (1,019) (6,680) (5,363) (861) (6,225)
Present value of cash outflows (excl. acquisition costs) 4,873 1,044 5,917 4,715 897 5,612
Risk adjustment for non-financial risk 118 17 135 102 18 120
Contractual service margin 669 - 669 546 - 546
Loss recognized on initial recognition - 42 42 - 54 54
Reinsurance contracts (Non-PAA) 2025 2024
Present value of cash inflows 3,284 54
Present value of cash outflows (3,484) (65)
Risk adjustment for non-financial risk 60 4
Contractual service margin 141 8
Gain / (Loss) recognized on initial recognition 1 1
Insurance contracts Reinsurance contracts
2025 2024 2025 2024
<1 year 864 922 37 -
1-2 years 780 832 36 1
2-3 years 705 752 35 4
3-4 years 638 679 34 6
4-5 years 577 614 34 7
5-10 years 2,108 2,261 146 49
10-20 years 1,856 2,009 172 106
> 20 years 879 896 91 63
On December 31 8,406 8,964 585 237
Insurance contracts Reinsurance contracts held Investment contracts with DPF
MRA FVA Other Total MRA FVA Other Total MRA FVA Other Total
On January 1, 2025 1,457 4,494 3,013 8,964 - 28 208 237 - 233 - 233
Changes in estimates that adjust CSM (296) 563 181 449 - 224 30 254 - 61 - 61
Changes in estimates that adjust 
onerous contracts - - - - - 18 - 18 - - - -
New contracts recognized - - 669 669 - - 141 141 - - - -
Earnings released from CSM (130) (483) (317) (930) - 9 (20) (11) - (37) - (37)
Insurance finance (income) / expenses 3 129 93 226 - (23) 11 (12) - - - -
Net exchange differences (156) (511) (305) (972) - (11) (30) (42) - (13) - (13)
On December 31, 2025 879 4,192 3,335 8,406 - 245 340 585 - 244 - 245
On January 1, 2024 1,557 4,000 2,568 8,124 - (149) 227 78 - 180 - 180
Changes in estimates that adjust CSM (26) 523 (48) 448 - 192 (30) 163 - 76 - 76
Changes in estimates that adjust 
onerous contracts - - - - -
(46) (1) (46) - - - -
New contracts recognized - - 546 546 - - 9 9 - - - -
Earnings released from CSM (174) (492) (292) (958) - 18 (32) (14) - (33) - (33)
Insurance finance (income) / expenses 5 146 74 225 - (25) 13 (12) - - - -
Cash flow - contracts disposed - 43 - 43 - 34 - 34 - - - -
Net exchange differences 95 270 164 529 - (2) 14 12 - 10 - 10
Other - 5 - 6 - 5 9 14 - - - -
On December 31, 2024 1,457 4,494 3,013 8,964 - 28 208 237 - 233 - 233
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
196 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 197]
Transition
Changes in accounting policies due to IFRS 17 adoption in 2023 were applied retrospectively where practicable. Aegon found 
the full retrospective approach impracticable when it required hindsight, such as setting historical assumptions, or when 
historical data was unavailable without significant effort.
If retrospective application was impracticable, the modified retrospective approach or the fair value approach was used. 
The modified retrospective approach was applied only if reasonable and supportable information was available. For groups 
of contracts eligible for both approaches, the most appropriate method was chosen based on operational and financial 
considerations.
Aegon applied the fair value approach to certain groups of contracts with direct participation features, to which it could have 
applied IFRS 17 fully retrospectively. These were groups of contracts for which Aegon had mitigated financial risk prior to 
transition using derivatives, other financial instruments classified as fair value through profit or loss, reinsurance contracts, 
and groups to which the risk mitigation option has been applied prospectively from the transition date.
Fair value approach
Under the fair value approach, the carrying amount of a group of insurance contracts at transition is determined in accordance 
with IFRS 13, excluding the guidance on demand features. The difference between the fair value and the fulfillment cash flows 
at the transaction date is recognized as the contractual service margin.
To estimate the fair value of insurance contracts for IFRS 17 transition, Aegon adjusted estimated future cash flows 
for known differences between IFRS 17 and market valuation methodologies, such as investment expenses for all product 
types. The risk adjustment was recalculated at a higher confidence level to reflect additional compensation required by 
market participants for financial risk and remaining contractual services. Where possible, the results were compared to 
market-observable transactions, such as recent reinsurance transactions entered into by Aegon and sales transactions 
of insurance portfolios and businesses.
For contracts that transitioned to IFRS 17 under the fair value approach, assessments were performed at the original contract 
inception date, with a limited number of products being assessed at the transition date. It was assessed whether an insurance 
contract met the definition of an insurance contract with direct participation features or that of an investment contract with 
DPF, and the discretionary cash flows for insurance contracts without DPF.
At the transition date, contracts under the fair value approach were grouped into portfolios in accordance with IFRS 9 and 
IFRS 17. No contracts were deemed onerous at transition and these portfolios were not further segmented into cohorts 
based on issue date.
Discount rates used to accrue interest to the contractual service margin and to recognize changes in non-financial 
assumptions for non-participating contracts were also set at the transition date.
Modified retrospective approach
The modified retrospective approach aims to achieve results closest to the full retrospective approach, using reasonable, 
supportable information without undue cost or effort. Aegon used this approach for groups of contracts for which the fair 
value approach was not preferred, and gathered the necessary information from the transition date back to the initial 
recognition date. Modifications were applied only when information could not be obtained without undue effort, as allowed 
under IFRS 17.
For all contracts transitioned under this approach, sufficient information was available to classify them as of their original 
inception date. Contracts were grouped by the original inception date or, if information was lacking, by the transition date, 
into cohorts of no more 12 months.
None of the contracts to which the modified retrospective approach was applied was identified as being onerous at inception.
Modifications applied to contracts without direct participation features
To determine the contractual service margin at transition for non-participating contracts, Aegon estimated the contractual 
service margin at the original inception date and then rolled it forward to the transition date, deducting the estimated amount 
that would have been released for services provided prior to transition.
Previous calendar-year cash flows were attributed to issue year cohorts using allocation keys based on available information, 
such as accumulated premiums in force and first-year account values.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 29
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 197

[page 198]
Calculating fulfillment cash flows at inception and accruing interest to the contractual service margin required historical 
discount rates. Principally, Aegon determines IFRS 17 discount rates using a hybrid approach based on risk-free rates plus 
an illiquidity premium based on expected asset returns. If asset portfolio data were unavailable, an observable yield curve plus 
a spread adjustment was used. For cohorts that exceed 12 months, weighted-average historical discount rates were applied, 
based on sales volumes, or expected coverage units at inception.
The modified retrospective calculations were based on the assumption that Aegon had not previously prepared interim 
financial statements, unless sufficient information existed to roll the contractual service margin forward with Aegon’s 
historical reporting frequency.
Modifications applied to contracts with direct participation features
To determine the contractual service margin at transition for a group of insurance contracts with direct participation 
features, Aegon first estimated the total contractual service margin for all services to be provided for that group of contracts. 
Then deducted the estimated amount that would have been released for services provided prior to the transition date.
The total contractual service margin was estimated by taking the fair value of the underlying items at the transition date, 
minus the fulfillment cash flows at that date, and adjusting it for the amounts charged to policyholders prior to the transition 
date, the excess claims and expenses paid in this period (including acquisition costs), and the estimated change in the risk 
adjustment for non-financial risk caused by the release of risk before the transition date.
Calendar year cash flows were attributed to issue years using allocation keys suitable for the cash flow types, based on 
available information (e.g. account value, excess claims paid and net amount at risk). The projected risk adjustment pattern for 
newly issued cohorts of similar products was used as a proxy for estimating changes in the risk adjustment for non-financial 
risk before the transition date.
The amount released for services provided prior to transition was determined by multiplying the adjusted total contractual 
service margin by the ratio of the coverage units served prior to transition and the total coverage units expected to be 
provided over the lifetime of the group of contracts.
Other comprehensive income
Under IFRS 17, Aegon has elected to disaggregate the insurance finance income or expenses between profit or loss and OCI 
for certain groups of non-participating contracts issued in the Americas and Asia. The amount recognized in OCI has been 
determined retrospectively where possible, or set to nil at the transition date, such as for fixed deferred annuities, indexed 
universal life and other life insurance products with indirect participation features issued in the Americas.
29.2.6 Investments and other assets allocated to contracts that were not transitioned fully retrospectively
On transition to IFRS 17, amounts were recognized in the revaluation reserve for insurance contracts, investment contracts 
with DPF and reinsurance contracts held using the modified retrospective approach and/or the fair value approach.
Part of the assets backing these groups of insurance contracts are measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income. The table below presents the movement in the cumulative amount recognized in OCI for these assets.
Of the gross revaluation, EUR 1,159 million was unrealized gain through equity (2024: loss of EUR 1,073 million). The Net 
gains/(losses) transferred to the income statement include a gain of EUR 174 million due to transfer/ disposal (2024: gain 
of EUR 56 million).
29.3 Critical judgments and estimates
29.3.1 Fulfilment cash flows
The fulfillment cash flows include estimates of future cash flows, an adjustment to reflect time value of money and 
the financial risks not included in the estimates of future cash flows and a risk adjustment for non-financial risk.
Measuring each abovementioned element requires significant judgment and estimates.
2025 2024
On January 1 (2,131) (1,147)
Gross revaluation 1,090 (1,125)
Net gains/(losses) transferred to income statement 53 (62)
Foreign currency translation differences 216 (115)
Tax effect (271) 233
Other 46 86
On December 31 (997) (2,131)
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
198 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 199]
29.3.1.1 Valuation methods
Aegon aims to estimate future cash flows by considering a range of likely scenarios, each specifying the amount and timing 
of cash flows and the probability of the outcomes. These cash flows are probability-weighted and discounted to derive an 
expected present value.
The objective is to use all reasonable, supportable information available at no undue cost or effort, rather than identifying 
every possible scenario. Simple modeling may be sufficient for some cases, while more complex methods might be needed 
for others. For example, if cash flows involve interrelated (implicit or explicit) options and respond nonlinearly to economic 
changes, Aegon often uses stochastic modeling techniques to estimate expected present values and project future cash 
flows across various economic scenarios. Other methods include closed-form solutions and replicating portfolio techniques.
29.3.1.2 Actuarial assumptions
When estimating future cash flows, Aegon sets actuarial assumptions for underwriting risk including policy claims 
(e.g. mortality, longevity, or morbidity), policyholder behavior (e.g. lapses, surrender of policies or partial withdrawals), and 
property & casualty loss ratios and expenses. These assumptions are reviewed annually, except for expense assumptions, 
which may be updated more frequently during quarterly expense monitoring.
Underwriting assumptions
Mortality tables are developed using a blend of company experience and industry studies, considering product 
characteristics, own-risk selection criteria, target market, and historical experience. Mortality experience is regularly 
monitored and used to price new products and calculate liabilities for in-force contracts. For contracts that insure against 
survivorship or mortality, allowances are made for further longevity or mortality improvements. Morbidity assumptions are 
based on claims severity and frequency, adjusted for industry information, with industry surveys used for judgment-based 
assumptions such as morbidity improvement and long-term care (LTC) inflation.
Surrender and lapse rates depend on product features, policy duration, and external factors like interest rates and competitor 
behavior. Dynamic lapse assumptions reflect expected policyholder behavior under various scenarios. Assumptions are 
based on own experience and industry data, with lapse experience correlated to mortality and morbidity levels, as higher or 
lower levels of surrenders may indicate future claims will be higher or lower than anticipated. Such correlations are 
accounted for in the mortality and morbidity assumptions.
Policyholder benefits linked to asset performance are projected at rates consistent with the discount rates applied. 
Crediting rates for cash flows are determined using projected cash flows based on the group’s crediting policies. 
Other management actions are considered to the extent that they are part of Aegon’s regular policies and procedures.
Given that Aegon applies the premium allocation approach to most of its non-life business, actuarial assumptions for loss 
ratios impact fulfillment cash flows only for onerous contracts with remaining coverage and for contracts with incurred 
claims. Aegon uses various loss reserving techniques, historical claims data, and market inputs to estimate claims ratios, 
with large claims assessed individually.
Expense assumptions
Expenses attributable to the fulfillment cash flows include acquisition, maintenance, and claims settlement costs, as well as 
unavoidable  overhead costs. Investment expenses are included for contracts providing investment-related or investment- 
return services, or where Aegon’s investment activities enhance policyholder benefits from insurance coverage. Aegon’s 
expense assumptions are based on current expenses, adjusted for future expense inflation and the impact of known one-off 
projects (such as planned cost-saving initiatives or projects to implement additional regulatory reporting requirements). 
In smaller units, further adjustments are made to reflect the long-term scale of the business. When allocating the attributable 
expenses to groups of contracts, Aegon uses pricing or regulatory reporting approaches. Additional allocation keys are 
applied where IFRS requires more granularity.
Inflation assumptions
The expense inflation assumption is split into a financial component calibrated to market observables and a non-financial 
component set as an actuarial assumption. The non-financial component represents the difference between general market 
inflation and Aegon-specific expense inflation. Some inflation assumptions (such as LTC utilization and health inflation in 
the Americas) are entirely set as an actuarial assumption due to their weak correlation with general inflation indices and due 
to the lack of a hedge market for such rates.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 29
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 199

[page 200]
Discount rates and other financial assumptions
Aegon adjusts the estimated future cash flows to reflect the time value of money and the financial risks not included in 
the cash flow estimates. The discount rates applied to the estimates of the future cash flows reflects the characteristics of 
the cash flows and the liquidity characteristics of the insurance contracts. They are consistent with observable market prices 
for financial instruments with similar cash flow characteristics. They exclude factors that influence market prices but do not 
impact the future cash flows of the insurance contracts.
No implicit adjustments for non-financial risks are included in the discount rates, as the risk adjustment for non-financial risks 
is explicitly included in the fulfillment cash flows.
At initial recognition of a group of contracts, Aegon uses weighted-average discount rates over the period when contracts 
in that group are issued.
IFRS explicitly mentions two calibration options for the discount rate, namely the "top-down approach" and the "bottom-up" 
approach. Aegon has generalized both approaches into a direct discounting technique in which discount rates are determined 
as the sum of the risk-free rate plus a percentage of the illiquidity premium (ILP). The ILP is an additional spread an investor 
can earn by investing in a security that offers limited or no ability for the investor to exit the investment before maturity. 
If an insurance liability is illiquid (meaning that the policyholder has limited or no ability to cash it in prior to maturity or 
contingency-based payment), the liability is discounted at a rate that includes an ILP because illiquid assets (earning an 
illiquidity premium) may be purchased to back or replicate that liability.
Risk-free yield curve
Aegon has identified various rates available in the EUR, GBP and USD markets that can be used as a basis for the risk-free 
yield curve, including EURIBOR swap rates for EUR, reformed Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) for GBP, and Secured 
Overnight Funding Rates (SOFR) and US Treasury rates for USD. EURIBOR rates are adjusted for credit risk by subtracting 
a credit risk allowance. No adjustment is made to overnight swap rates and US Treasury rates, as the credit risk of these 
instruments is deemed negligible.
A full risk-free yield curve is derived by first interpolating between tenors for which market data are available, and then 
extrapolating the yield curve beyond market-observable maturities. Discount rates converge to an ultimate forward rate 
(linear grading over a 10-year period is assumed for the USD and EUR). A uniform last liquid point for EUR and USD is set at 
30 years, while GBP is set at 50 years. The ultimate forward rates reflect a long-term view on nominal interest rates and are 
set by management for each currency, taking into account expected real interest rates and long-term inflation, together with 
the current market environment. The current ultimate forward rate assumption is 3.40% (December 31, 2024: 3.40%).
Aegon reviews the risk-free last liquid point and ultimate forward rates quarterly which, although expected to be infrequent, 
may lead to assumption updates if there are significant changes in market conditions.
Illiquidity premium (ILP)
Aegon sets ILPs at the level of the segment or major business unit, reflecting how it manages the investments and ALM risk 
for the given block of liabilities. For Americas, Aegon has set ILPs by lines of business, which has resulted in 11 ILP curves. 
For each unit, an ILP curve is constructed from market-observables returns on a reference portfolio of assets. The reference 
portfolio is based on the unit’s actual holdings or investment policy target mix of fixed-interest securities except for single 
premium products with the need to link returns to the actual asset mix, or products with needs of frequent hedging to cover 
guarantees where Aegon may choose to allow for short-term deviations from the target to  be included. The reference 
portfolio excludes alternative investments (such as equities and real estate investments).
To derive ILP curves, market spreads are adjusted for expected and unexpected default losses, and the ILP is calculated as 
the weighted average of these adjusted spreads, using the line of business reference portfolio. The full ILP curve is derived 
by interpolating between the observable tenors and then extrapolating the yield linearly beyond the ILP last liquid point to 
the ultimate forward ILP. The last liquid point can be set separately for each duration bucket or, as a single point in time for 
the entire reference portfolio. The ultimate forward spread is set based on the historical 50th percentile spread adjusted for 
expected and unexpected default losses.
December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024
Risk-free yield curves (%)
1 
year
5 
years
10 
years
15 
years
20 
years
30 
years
1 
year
5 
years
10 
years
15 
years
20 
years
30 
years
GBP 3.54 3.67 4.04 4.36 4.54 4.59 4.46 4.04 4.07 4.23 4.30 4.23
USD 3.48 3.77 4.28 4.84 5.16 5.00 4.24 4.46 4.67 4.89 5.05 4.82
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
200 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 201]
Aegon uses the expected default loss derived from historical default data, plus an adjustment for the default risk premium. 
The adjustment for the default risk premium or the unexpected default loss is calculated by applying 30% on top of the 
expected default, which is based on management's judgment.
Aegon updates the reference portfolio quarterly, and the ILP last liquid point and ILP ultimate forward rate are revised 
accordingly. The ILP curves of Aegon's significant portfolios are presented below. These ILP curves are added to the risk-free 
yields of the currency in which the cash flows of the products are denominated.
Illiquidity factor
The illiquidity factor reflects the liquidity characteristics of a certain group of insurance contracts.  Groups of contracts whose 
cash flows are not dependent on the underlying assets are assigned an illiquidity factor of 100%. Groups of contracts for 
which the cash flows predominantly vary with the underlying assets are assigned an illiquidity factor of 0%. For example, 
Aegon UK does not apply an illiquidity factor to the Unit Linked products. For a few products that include both types of cash 
flows, such as US variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits, a combination of 100% and 0% ILP 
is used.
Other significant financial assumptions
Interest rate volatilities are modeled based on swaption prices, in line with current market pricing.
Risk adjustment for non-financial risk
The risk adjustment for non-financial risk is included explicitly as a separate component of the fulfillment cash flows. It reflects 
the compensation that Aegon requires for bearing the uncertainty about the amount and timing of the cash flows that arise 
from non-financial risk as it fulfils insurance contracts.
These risks include mortality, morbidity, policyholder behavior, expense, and product-specific operational risk. Non-financial 
risks that do not arise from the insurance contracts, such as general operational risk, are not reflected in the risk adjustment. 
The risk adjustment reflects both the risk that actual experience differs from the best-estimate assumptions used to project 
future cash flows due to misestimation (parameter risk), and the risk of random fluctuations around the true estimates 
(contagion risk).
Diversification benefits are recognized at the Group level. To align with market practice, Aegon only reflects the degree of 
diversification between non-financial risks, and contrary to its pricing methodology, ignores diversification benefits between 
financial and non-financial risks. Diversification effects include the impact of ceded reinsurance, and insurance contracts 
classified as held for sale.
Aegon generally applies a simplified confidence-interval technique to estimates the risk adjustment for non-financial risk, 
using an 80th percentile confidence level. Under this approach, a probability distribution is assumed for each particular risk, 
and the amount above the expected present value of future cash flows is determined using a shock factor. The impacts for 
each risk are then aggregated using a correlation matrix, reflecting diversification between the various non-financial risk types. 
For some products, Aegon measures contagion risk using the Conditional Tail Expectation technique at the 75th percentile. 
Regardless of the technique applied, the confidence interval is computed across the entire product lifetime in order to fully 
reflect the risk.
December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024
ILP per portfolio (%) Country
1 
year
5 
years
10 
years
15 
years
20 
years
30 
years
1 
year
5 
years
10 
years
15 
years
20 
years
30 
years
Fixed Deferred Annuity US 0.92 0.99 1.06 1.15 1.16 1.16 0.80 0.88 1.00 1.14 1.14 1.15
Indexed Universal Life US 1.01 1.07 1.13 1.19 1.19 1.20 0.90 1.02 1.09 1.22 1.21 1.22
Long-Term Care US 0.82 0.83 0.84 1.06 1.14 1.31 0.72 0.73 0.77 1.06 1.14 1.28
Traditional Life US 0.91 0.94 0.96 1.11 1.17 1.28 0.75 0.77 0.80 1.09 1.15 1.26
Universal Life US 0.85 0.88 0.91 1.07 1.13 1.27 0.76 0.79 0.81 1.05 1.11 1.24
Variable Annuities US 0.36 0.51 0.64 0.64 0.63 0.65 0.55 0.63 0.64 0.65 0.64
0.66
Annuities UK 0.76 0.76 0.76 0.76 0.76 0.72 0.98 0.98 0.98 0.98 0.98 0.96
Individual Protection UK 0.45 0.45 0.45 0.45 0.45 0.44 0.47 0.47 0.47 0.47 0.47 0.45
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 29
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 201

[page 202]
Changes in methods and inputs used to measure fulfillment cash flows
Actuarial assumptions, excluding expenses, are reviewed in the second quarter for the United States and TLB, and in the fourth 
quarter for all other business units, while expense assumptions for all units are reviewed in the fourth quarter. These reviews 
are based on historical experience, observable market data, including transactions such as acquisitions and reinsurance, 
anticipated trends, and legislative changes. Similarly, the models and systems used to determine our liabilities and 
reinsurance assets are reviewed periodically and updated as needed.
At the end of 2025, non-financial assumption changes mainly in Aegon’s business in Americas, United Kingdom, and TLB 
resulted in an adverse pre-tax impact of EUR 515 million. Of this amount, EUR 265 million was absorbed by the CSM, EUR 177 
million was recognized in the income statement, and EUR 73 million was recognized in OCI.
Of the total impact, Americas and TLB resulted in EUR 333 million, mainly due to strengthening of policyholder behavior 
assumptions to address adverse experience in Financial Assets, driven by the TLB Universal Life block reinsured to 
Transamerica, Variable Annuities and Fixed Annuities. In Protection Solutions, adverse assumption updates were driven by the 
workplace business, in part related to Medicare Supplement product addressing an industry-wide trend. These unfavorable 
underwriting assumptions was partly offset by favorable expense assumption updates in Individual Life. United Kingdom 
resulted in EUR 180 million, mainly from updated persistency assumptions, reflecting the ongoing commercial pressures 
in the Platform and Traditional Products business.
Financial (economic) assumption updates resulted in a favorable impact of EUR 269 million, recognized in OCI, attributable 
to a periodic adjustment of the illiquidity premium to align with Aegon’s latest reinvestment strategy.
Aegon did not make any significant changes to the contract boundaries in the current reporting period, nor did it update 
the approaches used to determine the discount rate or estimate the risk adjustment for non-financial risk.
29.3.2 Relevant other significant judgments
In addition to the judgments and estimates made in measuring the fulfillment cash flows described above, other significant 
judgments are applied in determining the relative weighting of coverage units when multiple services are provided; the non- 
distinct investment component (excluded from insurance revenue); and the adjustment for non-performance risk that is 
applied to reinsurance contracts held.
29.3.2.1 Weighting of coverage units
Often, a single metric can be defined that captures multiple services under one contract. Aegon uses different approaches to 
assess the relative weights of services benefits. In some cases, the weighting is determined directly from the composition of 
the benefits under the contract. For example, for a life insurance product with an account value that is surrendered, coverage 
units can be based on the total death benefit, as this amount comprises both the account value (investment service) and the 
excess death benefits (insurance service). In other cases, significant judgment is required. For example, for US long-term care 
insurance products, multiple drivers impact the maximum daily benefit to which a policyholder could be entitled. To reflect 
this, the coverage unit is computed using a combination of the initial allowed benefit, the benefit period, as well as adjustments 
for any inflation protection, and if the policy is paid-up on the contingent non-forfeiture option.
29.3.2.2 Investment component
Aegon reports insurance revenue and insurance service expenses excluding non-distinct investment components which are 
the amounts repayable to policyholders, even if the insured event does not occur.
Aegon determines the investment component when a claim is incurred as an amount is released from the liability 
for remaining coverage. When doing so it considers which payments would have been possible immediately prior to the claims 
date. For example, a payment might have needed to be made to the policyholder in light of policy surrender, the uptake of a 
policy loan, the partial withdrawal, or the transfer of an insurance policy to another insurer. The investment component is 
determined net of any penalty or similar charges.
29.3.2.3 Adjustment to reinsurance contracts held for non-performance risk
The reinsurer's nonperformance risk is based on Aegon’s credit exposure, net of collateral, and the perceived counterparty 
default risk. In assessing credit exposure, Aegon takes into account treaty provisions for non-performance, such as the 
automatic recapture of the reinsured business on the reinsurer's default.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
202 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 203]
When estimating a reinsurer’s default risk, Aegon considers the current financial condition and credit standing of the reinsurer, 
expert judgment specific to the local reinsurance market and historical data (such as Moody’s loss given default rates). 
The ultimate adjustment reflects the risk of potential reinsurance counterparty failure due to default (i.e. credit events), 
as well as disputes resulting in reduced payments and the potential for current conditions to change over time.
29.4 Underwriting risk
Aegon’s earnings depend significantly on how actual claims experience compares with the assumptions used to price 
products and establish liabilities. If actual claims are less favorable than assumed, income would decrease. If higher claims 
become a persistent trend, Aegon may need to adjust its assumptions about future claims, increasing required reserves and 
reducing income. In addition, certain acquisition costs related to the sale of new policies and the purchase of policies already 
in force have been recorded as assets on the statement of financial position and are being amortized into the income 
statement over time. If the assumptions relating to the future profitability of these policies (such as future claims, investment 
income and expenses) are not realized, the amortization of these costs could be accelerated and may even require write-offs 
if recoverability is doubtful. This could have a materially adverse effect on Aegon’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition.
Sources of underwriting risk include policyholder behavior, policy claims and expenses. For some product lines, Aegon is at 
risk if policy lapses increase, as sometimes Aegon is unable to fully recover upfront expenses in selling a product despite the 
presence of commission recoveries or surrender charges and fees. There are also products where Aegon is at risk if lapses 
decrease; for example where this would result in a higher utilization rate of product guarantees. For mortality and morbidity 
risk, Aegon sells certain types of policies that are at risk if mortality or morbidity increases, such as term life insurance and 
accident insurance. Aegon also sells certain types of policies that are at risk if mortality decreases (longevity risk) such as 
annuity products. Aegon is also at risk if expenses are higher than assumed beforehand by management and that were priced 
into the products.
Aegon monitors and manages its underwriting risk by its type, by performing attribution analysis on earnings and reserve 
movements to identify the source of any material variation between actual results and expectations. Aegon’s units also 
conduct experience studies for underwriting risk assumptions, comparing Aegon’s experience to industry experience 
as well as combining Aegon’s experience and industry experience, based on the depth of the history of each source to 
Aegon’s underwriting assumptions. Where policy charges are flexible in products, Aegon uses these analyses to adjust them, 
with a view to maintaining a balance between policyholder and shareholder interests. Aegon can also reduce expense levels 
over time, thereby mitigating unfavorable expense variability.
Another way to mitigate underwriting risk is through reinsurance. Aegon uses reinsurance primarily to manage and diversify 
risk, limit volatility, improve capital positions, limit maximum losses and gain access to reinsurer support. While objectives and 
use may vary by region due to local market conditions and product offerings, the use of reinsurance is coordinated and 
monitored globally. External reinsurance counterparties are, in general, major global reinsurers. At the same time, local 
reinsurers are used to balance local capacity and diversification.
The key areas where reinsurance is used are to reduce our exposure to mortality and morbidity risk, primarily through 
a combination of quota-share and excess of loss reinsurance. Also, an excess-of-loss reinsurance is used to limit 
the Group's exposure to large losses in the non-life business.
In order to minimize its reinsurer default exposure, Aegon regularly monitors the creditworthiness of its reinsurers, 
and where appropriate, arranges additional protection through letters of credit, trust agreements and over-collateralization. 
For certain agreements, funds are withheld for investment rather than relying on the reinsurer to meet investment 
expectations. Default exposure is further reduced by using multiple reinsurers within certain reinsurance agreements.
Concentration of underwriting risk by segments can be referred to in note 5 Segment information.
Sensitivity analysis of net result, shareholders’ equity and CSM to changes in various underwriting risks
Aegon's best estimate assumptions already account for expected future developments, and the sensitivities reflect 
the estimated effects of these assumptions by considering probable changes in lapse, mortality, and morbidity rates. 
These sensitivities were applied as a permanent shock to all Aegon products, exposed to an increase or a decrease in the 
corresponding rates. Due to the nature of IFRS and how changes in assumptions are absorbed by the CSM while a contract 
is not onerous, but are reflected in the net result if it is onerous, it is possible that the results of opposite sensitivities seem 
counterintuitive.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 29
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 203

[page 204]
In 2025, changes in sensitivities were driven by the reinsurance of a block of Secondary Guarantee Universal Life (SGUL) 
contracts and by the annual assumption updates. Market movements, as well as changes in business mix from new business 
and exits, also influenced the sensitivities.
The SGUL reinsurance reduced the exposure to increases in mortality and decreases in lapses for contracts without direct 
participation. For these contracts, the impact of sensitivities on the consequential Reinsurance Loss Recovery Calculation is 
floored for lapse-up and mortality-down scenarios, contributing to the asymmetric results observed for mortality and lapse 
sensitivities.
Assumption updates for the workplace health business reduced overall morbidity sensitivities for contracts without direct 
participation. These updates also resulted in certain workplace health cohorts becoming onerous, which lowered the CSM 
sensitivities while increasing the sensitivities of the net result. Updated lapse assumptions for Individual Life contracts in the 
Protection Solutions business increased the exposure to lapse and mortality sensitivities for contracts without direct 
participation, affecting the CSM. There were also decreases in lapse sensitivities for other without direct participation 
contracts arose from an increase in onerous contracts within the Life portfolio of the Protection Solutions business, affecting 
the net result rather than the CSM.
For direct participation contracts in the US, overall lapse sensitivities increased due to positive market movements. Changes 
in the mix of onerous and non-onerous blocks, driven by market movements for investment only Variable Annuities that 
became non-onerous, and by assumption updates for certain Living Benefits blocks that became onerous, also shifted the 
impact of sensitivities between the net result and the CSM. Updates to persistency assumptions in the UK reduced the 
sensitivity to lapse rates for direct participation contracts.
29.5 Risk mitigation
Aegon has chosen to apply the risk mitigation option and recognize changes in the fulfillment value of products with direct 
participation features (for example variable annuity products issued in the Americas and UK) in the profit or loss and OCI, 
rather than adjusting the CSM. The adjustment to the CSM that would otherwise have been made on December 31, 2025, is 
EUR 836 million (2024: EUR 2,020 million). For more details on the change in the fulfillment cash flows relating to the hedged 
position, see note 20 Derivatives, and for the split between profit or loss and OCI, see note 9 Insurance net investment result.
2025 2024
Net result Equity CSM Net result Equity CSM
Estimated effect Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net
Non-participating contracts
20% increase in lapse rates (79) (48) (62) (33) 78 69 (3) 32 28 61 18 (9)
20% decrease in lapse rates 21 (13) 6 (25) 37 38 (22) (29) (54) (59) 30 26
5% increase in mortality rates (667) (273) (603) (233) 244 215 (648) (236) (623) (205) 201 186
5% decrease in mortality rates 531 181 467 141 (109) (119) 551 183 517 146 (115) (142)
10% increase in morbidity rates (230) (225) (235) (222) (659) (585) (145) (141) (156) (143) (860) (769)
10% decrease in morbidity rates 87 84 102 89 878 796 63 60 76 63 1,018 919
5% increase in expenses (59) (59) (56) (56) (71) (71) (27) (27) (25) (25) (126) (126)
5% decrease in expenses 37 37 34 34 99 99 26 26 24 24
127 127
Participating contracts
20% increase in lapse rates 138 65 45 21 (329) (458) 123 110 59 81 (307) (473)
20% decrease in lapse rates (181) 52 (76) 91 427 417 (179) (9) (112) 22 445 459
5% increase in mortality rates (269) (100) (191) (24) (573) (384) (278) (213) (208) (138) (592) (298)
5% decrease in mortality rates 226 155 149 76 624 320 237 233 164 158 652 277
10% increase in morbidity rates - - - - - - (2) (2) (2) (2) 2 2
10% decrease in morbidity rates - - - - - - (2) (2) (2) (2) 2 2
5% increase in expenses (38) (34) (18) (19) (221) (218) (42) (42) (22) (23) (238) (236)
5% decrease in expenses 36 33 17 17 223 219 36 36 15 16 246 244
Non-life contracts
10% increase in claims (6) (4) (7) (5) - - (6) (5) (9) (6) - -
10% decrease in claims 6 4 7 5 - - 6 5 9 6 - -
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
204 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 205]
30 Investment contracts without discretionary participation features
31 Borrowings
Aegon’s borrowings are defined separately as capital funding and operational funding. Capital funding includes debt securities 
issued for general corporate purposes and to capitalize its business units. Capital funding is part of the Company’s total 
capitalization and is used to finance its subsidiaries and the cash held at the holding company. Operational funding includes 
debt securities issued to finance dedicated asset pools. These assets are either legally segregated or tracked as separate 
portfolios.
The difference between the contractually required payment at the maturity date and the carrying amount of the borrowings 
amounted to EUR 6 million positive (2024: EUR 8 million positive).
Capital funding
A detailed composition of capital funding is included in the following table:
These loans are considered senior debt in calculating financial leverage in note 37 Capital management and solvency.
Operational funding
In 2025, the operational funding decreased by EUR 895 million mainly due to the paydown of Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) 
borrowings. This borrowing program is part of Aegon’s asset–liability management strategy.
2025 2024
Aegon risk 12,652 12,592
- Institutional guaranteed products 157 182
- Fixed annuities 12,466 12,378
- Other 29 32
Policyholder risk 85,161 79,078
Total investment contracts without DPF 97,814 91,669
Aegon risk Policyholder risk
Movement schedule 2025 2024 2025 2024
Opening balance 12,592 10,222 79,078 65,044
Deposits 1,798 1,595 15,135 14,932
Withdrawals (1,653) (1,236) (12,788) (11,807)
Interest credited 354 288 11,004 8,467
Fund charges released (15) (13) (384) (367)
Net exchange differences (1,535) 755 (6,241) 3,868
Transfer to/from other headings 1,113 1,038 (647) (1,060)
Other movements (2) (58) 4 1
Closing balance 12,652 12,592 85,161 79,078
2025 2024
Capital funding 1,396 1,533
Operational funding 586 1,480
On December 31 1,982 3,013
Current 10 37
Non-current 1,972 2,976
Fair value of borrowings 2,059 3,076
Coupon rate Coupon date
Issue / 
Maturity 2025 2024
USD 760 million Senior Unsecured Notes 5.500% Semi-annually, April 16 2024 / 27 647 731
GBP 250 million Medium-Term Notes 6.125% December 15 1999 / 31 286 301
GBP 400 million Senior Unsecured Notes 6.625% Semi-annually, December 16 2009 / 39 455 480
Other 9 20
On December 31 1,396 1,533
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 30
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 205

[page 206]
Other
The floating-rate undrawn committed borrowing facilities expiring beyond one year amounted to EUR 1,351 million on 
December 31, 2025 (2024: EUR 1,544 million). The decrease of the facilities was the result of net exchange differences.
There were no defaults or breaches of conditions during the period.
32 Provisions
The provisions on December 31, 2025, consisted of restructuring provisions of EUR 81 million (2024: EUR 7 million), 
litigation provisions of EUR 2 million (2024: EUR 67 million) and other provisions of EUR 13 million (2024: EUR 24 million). 
The restructuring provisions mainly include expected redundancy payments related to the announced relocation of Aegon’s 
head office to the United States. The litigation provisions in 2025 mainly decreased due to the payment of a settlement 
regarding the putative class action alleging that several US-based Aegon subsidiaries mischaracterized agents as 
independent contractors instead of employees (see note 39 Commitments and contingencies).
33 Defined benefit plans
The amounts recognized in the statement of financial position are determined as follows:
Coupon rate Coupon date
Issue / 
Maturity 2025 2024
FHLB Secured borrowings 1 Fixed Quarterly 2022 / 26 554 1,449
North Westerly VI Note 1 Floating Quarterly 2020 / 32 15 15
North Westerly VII Note 1 Floating Quarterly 2021 / 34 16 16
On December 31 586 1,480
1 Issued by a subsidiary of Aegon Ltd.
2025 2024
On January 1 98 83
Additional provisions 89 45
Disposal of a business (1) (1)
Unused amounts reversed through the income statement - (2)
Used during the year (82) (32)
Net exchange differences (7) 5
On December 31 97 98
Current 15 91
Non-current 82 7
2025 2024
Retirement benefit plans 217 269
Other post-employment benefit plans 167 189
Total defined benefit plans 384 457
Retirement benefit plans in surplus 95 110
Reimbursement rights 28 9
Total defined benefit assets 124 119
Retirement benefit plans in deficit 340 388
Other post-employment benefit plans in deficit 167 189
Total defined benefit liabilities 507 576
2025 2024
Movements during the year
Retirement 
benefit plans
Other post- 
employment 
benefit plans Total
Retirement 
benefit plans
Other post- 
employment 
benefit plans Total
On January 1 269 189 457 368 178 546
Defined benefit expenses 45 15 61 42 15 57
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans (6) (3) (9) 19 (5) 15
Contributions paid (44) - (44)
(148) - (148)
Benefits paid (19) (12) (31) (28) (12) (40)
Net exchange differences (28) (22) (50) 16 12 27
On December 31 217 167 384 269 189 457
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
206 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 207]
The fair value of Aegon’s own transferable financial instruments included in plan assets and the fair value of other assets used 
by Aegon included in plan assets were nil in both 2025 and 2024.
Defined benefit expenses are included in Post-employment benefit costs in note 13 Other operating expenses.
2025 2024
Net carrying value details
Retirement 
benefit plans
Other post- 
employment 
benefit plans Total
Retirement 
benefit plans
Other post- 
employment 
benefit plans Total
Present value of funded obligations 2,852 - 2,852 3,140 - 3,140
Fair value of plan assets (2,845) - (2,845) (3,123) - (3,123)
Fair value of reimbursement rights (28) - (28) (9) - (9)
(22) - (22) 7 - 7
Present value of unfunded obligations 239 167 406 262 189 450
On December 31 217 167 384 269 189 457
2025 2024
Defined benefit expenses
Retirement 
benefit plans
Other post- 
employment 
benefit plans Total
Retirement 
benefit plans
Other post- 
employment 
benefit plans Total
Current year service cost 36 7 43 32 7 39
Net interest on net defined benefit liability (asset) 9 9 18 9 9 18
Total defined benefit expenses 45 15 61 42 15 57
Movements during the year of the present value of the defined benefit obligations 2025 2024
On January 1 3,590 3,616
Current year service cost 43 39
Interest expenses 177 173
Remeasurements of the defined benefit obligations:
- Actuarial gains and losses arising from changes in demographic assumptions 21 6
- Actuarial gains and losses arising from changes in financial assumptions 14 (217)
Benefits paid (237) (237)
Net exchange differences (350) 208
Other - 2
On December 31 3,257 3,590
Movements during the year in plan assets for retirement benefit plans 2025 2024
On January 1 3,123 3,051
Interest income (based on discount rate) 155 152
Remeasurements of the net defined liability (asset) 32 (208)
Contributions by employer 44 148
Benefits paid (210) (200)
Net exchange differences (299) 180
On December 31 2,845 3,123
2025 2024
Plan assets for 
retirement benefit plans Quoted Unquoted Total
in % of total 
plan assets Quoted Unquoted Total
in % of total 
plan assets
Debt instrument 702 198 900 32% 594 275 869 28%
Derivatives - (30) (30) -1% - (183) (183) -6%
Investment funds - 1,625 1,625 57% - 2,027 2,027 65%
Other - 350 350 12% - 410 410 13%
On December 31 702 2,144 2,845 100% 594 2,529 3,123 100%
Movements during the year of the fair value of the reimbursement rights 2025 2024
On January 1 9 20
Interest expenses 3 3
Remeasurements of the defined benefit obligations:
- Actuarial gains and losses arising from changes in financial assumptions 12 (18)
Benefits paid 4 4
Other - 2
On December 31 28 9
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 33
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 207

[page 208]
Defined benefit plans are mainly operated by Transamerica, Aegon UK and Aegon Employees Netherlands. The following 
sections contain a general description of the plans in each of these subsidiaries and a summary of the principal actuarial 
assumptions applied in determining the value of defined benefit plans. Businesses included in all other operating segments 
mostly operate defined contribution plans. Please refer to note 13 Other operating expenses for a complete overview of 
employee expenses including the total defined contribution expenses.
Transamerica
Transamerica has defined benefit plans covering substantially all its employees that are qualified under the Internal Revenue 
Service Code, including all requirements for minimum funding levels. The defined benefit plans are governed by the Board of 
Directors of Transamerica Corporation. The Board of Directors has the full power and discretion to administer the plan and to 
apply all of its provisions, including such responsibilities as, but not limited to, developing the investment policy and managing 
assets for the plan, maintaining required funding levels for the plan, deciding questions related to eligibility and benefit 
amounts, resolving disputes that may arise from plan participants and for complying with the plan provisions, and legal 
requirements related to the plan and its operation. The benefits are based on years of service and the employee’s eligible 
annual compensation. The plans provide benefits based on a traditional final average formula or a cash balance formula 
(which defines the accrued benefit in terms of a stated account balance), depending on the age and service of the plan 
participant. The defined benefit plans have a deficit of EUR 101 million on December 31, 2025 (2024: EUR 126 million deficit).
Investment strategies are established based on asset and liability studies by actuaries which are updated as they consider 
appropriate. These studies, along with the investment policy, assist to develop the appropriate investment criteria for the plan, 
including asset allocation mix, return objectives, investment risk and time horizon, benchmarks and performance standards, 
and restrictions and prohibitions. The overall goal is to maximize total investment returns to provide sufficient funding for the 
present and anticipated future benefit obligations within the constraints of a prudent level of portfolio risk and diversification. 
Aegon believes that the asset allocation is an important factor in determining the long-term performance of the plan. The plan 
uses multiple asset classes as well as sub-classes to meet the asset allocation and other requirements of the investment 
policy, which minimizes investment risk. From time to time the actual asset allocation may deviate from the desired asset 
allocation ranges due to different market performance among the various asset categories. If it is determined that rebalancing 
is required, future additions and withdrawals will be used to bring the allocation to the desired level.
Transamerica maintains minimum required funding levels as set forth by the Internal Revenue Code. If contributions are 
required, the funding would be provided from the Company’s general account assets. Pension plan contributions were not 
required for Transamerica in 2025 or 2024. However, Transamerica Corporation made a pension plan contribution of EUR 43 
million in September, 2025 that was over and above the minimum required funding levels as set forth by the Internal Revenue 
Code. In 2024, Transamerica Corporation made a pension plan contribution of EUR 145 million.
Transamerica also sponsors supplemental retirement plans to provide senior management with benefits in excess of normal 
retirement benefits. The plans are unfunded and are not qualified under the Internal Revenue Code. The supplemental 
retirement plans are governed by Transamerica Corporation, and overseen by the Compensation Committee of the Board of 
Directors of Transamerica Corporation. Transamerica Corporation, or the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors 
has the full power and discretion to apply all the plan’s provisions, including such responsibilities as, but not limited to, 
interpret the plan provisions, to make factual determinations under the plan, to determine plan benefits, and to comply with 
any statutory reporting and disclosure requirements. The benefits are based on years of service and the employee’s eligible 
annual compensation. The plans provide benefits based on a traditional final average formula or a cash balance formula 
(which defines the accrued benefit in terms of a stated account balance), depending on the age and service of the plan 
participant. The company funds the benefit payments of the supplemental retirement plans from its general account assets. 
The unfunded amount related to these plans, for which a liability has been recorded, was EUR 145 million 
(2024: EUR 164 million unfunded).
Transamerica  provides health care benefits to retired employees through continuation of coverage primarily in self-funded 
plans, and partly in fully insured plans, which are classified as unfunded per IAS 19 financial guidance. The postretirement 
health care benefits under the Plans are administered by Transamerica Corporation, which has delegated the claims 
administration to third-party administrators. Transamerica maintains two plans which provide continuation of coverage for 
retiree medical benefits. For each plan, Transamerica  has the fiduciary responsibility to administer the plan in accordance 
with its terms, and decides questions related to eligibility and determines plan provisions and benefit amounts.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
208 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 209]
Under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), Transamerica has the fiduciary responsibility to monitor 
the quality of services provided by the third-party claims administrator and to replace the third-party administrator if needed. 
In addition, Transamerica has the fiduciary obligation to interpret the provisions of the plans, and to comply with any statutory 
reporting and disclosure requirements. Finally, Transamerica reviews the terms of the plans and makes changes to the plans 
if and when appropriate. Transamerica funds the benefit payments or premium payments of the post-retirement health care 
plans from its general account assets. The post-retirement health benefit liability amounted to EUR 170 million 
(2024: EUR 190 million).
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is 7.9 years (2024: 8.0 years).
The above sensitivity analysis is based on a change in one assumption, with all other assumptions held constant. In practice, 
this is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the sensitivity of the 
defined benefit obligation to significant actuarial assumptions the same method (present value of the defined benefit 
obligation calculated with the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period) has been applied as when 
calculating the pension liability recognized within the statement of financial position.
Target allocation of plan assets for retirement benefit plans for the next annual period is: equity instruments 2%-4%, 
debt instruments 80%-90% and other instruments 8%-16%.
Aegon UK
Aegon UK operated a defined benefit pension scheme providing benefits for staff based on final pensionable salary and 
years of service. The scheme closed to new entrants several years ago and closed to future accruals on March 31, 2013. 
Aegon UK now offers a defined contribution pension scheme to all employees.
The pension scheme is administered separately from Aegon UK and is governed by Trustees, who are required to act in 
the best interests of the pension scheme members.
The pension scheme Trustees are required to carry out triennial valuations of the scheme’s funding position, with the latest 
valuation being on September 30, 2022. As part of this triennial valuation process, a schedule of contributions is agreed 
between the Trustees and Aegon UK in accordance with UK pensions legislation and guidance issued by the Pensions 
Regulator in the United Kingdom. The schedule of contributions includes deficit reduction contributions to clear any scheme 
deficit. Under IAS 19, the defined benefit plan has a surplus of EUR 75 million on December 31, 2025 (2024: EUR 95 million 
surplus). During 2025, no contributions were paid into the scheme (2024: EUR 10 million).
The investment strategy for the scheme is determined by the trustees in consultation with Aegon UK. Currently assets are 
invested in income and liability driven investments where the investments are a portfolio of fixed interest and inflation-linked 
bonds and related derivatives, selected to broadly match the interest rate and inflation profile of liabilities.
Under the scheme rules, pensions in payment increase in line with the UK Retail Price Index, and deferred benefits increase in 
line with the UK Consumer Price Index. The pension scheme is therefore exposed to UK inflation, interest rate risks, investment 
returns, and changes in pensioners' life expectancy.
The scheme holds three buy-in policies in the name of the Trustee to cover full scheme benefits for a group of pensioners. 
The liabilities (and matching assets) calculated on the year-end assumptions have been included in the funded position 
as at December 31, 2025.
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is 12.6 years (2024: 13.5 years).
Target allocation of plan assets for retirement benefit plans for the next annual period is 100% debt instruments.
Aegon Employees Netherlands B.V.
From July 1, 2023, following the transaction with a.s.r., employees of Aegon located in the Netherlands are employed by 
Aegon Employees Netherlands B.V. (AEN), an Aegon subsidiary included in the Holdings segment. AEN offers a defined 
contribution pension scheme to all employees in the Netherlands.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 33
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 209

[page 210]
Until July 1, 2023, Aegon Nederland N.V. (legally merged with ASR Nederland N.V. on October 1, 2023 and therefore hereafter 
referred to as a.s.r.) was the employer of the employees of Aegon located in the Netherlands and operated a closed defined 
benefit pension plan under a pension contract. As of January 1, 2020, the defined benefit pension plan is closed for new 
members and there will be no further accrual of benefits to existing members. Entitlements before January 1, 2020, will 
remain unchanged and the indexation for those accruals will remain in force. The pension contract was updated as AEN 
was added as an employer on the date of the transfer of employees to AEN.
The defined benefit plans cover retirement benefits, disability, death, and survivor pensions, and the defined benefit obligation 
amounts to EUR 88 million on December 31, 2025 (December 31, 2024: EUR 90 million). The defined benefit obligation is 
backed by investments owned by a.s.r. The obligation of a.s.r. to fund the defined benefit obligation through these investments 
is reported as a reimbursement right. The average remaining duration of the defined benefits obligation is 19.5 years (2024: 
20.8 years).
Also included in the reimbursement rights is the present value of the expected guaranteed premiums and management 
fees to be paid to a.s.r. by AEN. The present value as of December 31, 2025, amounts to EUR 59 million (December 31, 2024: 
EUR 80 million), discounted at a rate of 4.00% (2024: 3.51%).
The liabilities related to other post-employment benefit plans, consisting of former Board of Directors unconditional 
indexation, jubilee and mortgage discount liabilities, are wholly unfunded and amount to EUR 2 million as of December 31, 
2025 (December 31, 2024: EUR 4 million). The weighted average duration of the other post-employment benefit plans 
is 9.7 years (2024: 11.4 years).
Principal actuarial assumptions
The principal actuarial assumptions applicable to the year ended December 31 are as follows.
Transamerica’s mortality assumptions (demographic actuarial assumptions) are based on the PRI-2012 Employee, Healthy 
Annuitant and Contingent Survivor Tables (90% white collar/10% blue collar) projected with Scale MP-2021 for 2025 
assumption, and 2024 assumption respectively, for the relevant calendar years.
Aegon UK’s mortality assumptions utilize the Club Vita tables based on analysis of Scheme membership CMI 2024 1.5%/ 
1.25% p.a. (males/females) and Scheme membership CMI 2023 1.5%/1.25% p.a. (males/females).
Aegon Employees Netherlands B.V.’s mortality assumptions are Company-specific and are derived from the Projections Life 
Tables 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The principal actuarial assumptions affect the amounts reported for the defined benefit obligation. A change as indicated in 
the table below in the principal actuarial assumptions would have the following effects on the defined benefit obligation per 
year-end:
Financial actuarial assumptions used to determine 
defined benefit obligations at year-end
Transamerica Aegon UK AEN
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Discount rate 5.45%/ 
5.23%
5.59%/ 
5.51%1 5.66% 5.58% 4.00% 3.51%
Salary increase rate 4.00% 4.00% n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a.
Health care trend rate 8.50% 6.90% n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a.
Price inflation n.a. n.a. 3.00% 3.19% 2.13% 1.99%
1 Transamerica has separate discount rates for all pension plans: 5.45% in 2025, 5.59% in 2024 and for post-retirement welfare plan: 5.23% in 2025, 5.51% in 
2024.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
210 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 211]
The above sensitivity analysis is based on a change in one assumption, with all other assumptions held constant. In practice, 
this is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the sensitivity of the 
defined benefit obligation to significant actuarial assumptions, the same method (present value of the defined benefit 
obligation calculated with the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period) has been applied as when 
calculating the pension liability recognized within the statement of financial position.
All other operating segments
Businesses included in all other operating segments mostly operate defined contribution plans. Please see note 13 Other 
operating expenses, for the employee expenses regarding these contribution plans.
34 Deferred tax
The following table provides a movement schedule of net deferred tax broken-down by the items for which a deferred tax 
asset or liability has been recognized.
Estimated approximate effects on the defined 
benefit obligation
Transamerica Aegon UK AEN
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Demographic actuarial assumptions
10% increase in mortality rates (40) (46) (20) (21) (1) (1)
10% decrease in mortality rates 44 51 21 23 1 1
Financial actuarial assumptions
100 basis points increase in discount rate (163) (183) (103) (114) (12) (13)
100 basis points decrease in discount rate 201 232 126 142 16 17
100 basis points increase in salary increase rate 4 4 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a.
100 basis points decrease in salary increase rate (3) (4) n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a.
100 basis points increase in health care trend rate 9 12 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a.
100 basis points decrease in health care trend rate (9) (10) n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a.
100 basis points increase in price inflation n.a. n.a. 110 50 - -
100 basis points decrease in price inflation n.a. n.a. (101) (95) - -
2025 2024
Deferred tax assets 1,894 2,439
Deferred tax liabilities 13 64
On December 31 1,882 2,375
Deferred tax assets comprise temporary differences on 2025 2024
Financial assets 458 1,067
Insurance and investment contracts (344) (1,124)
Deferred expenses and other intangible assets 459 580
Defined benefit plans 203 237
Tax losses and credits carried forward 1,113 1,448
Other 6 231
On December 31 1,894 2,439
Deferred tax liabilities comprise temporary differences on 2025 2024
Financial assets (9) 1
Insurance and investment contracts (1) 56
Deferred expenses and other intangible assets
- 4
Other 22 3
On December 31 13 64
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 34
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 211

[page 212]
Deferred tax assets are recognized for tax losses and credits carried forward to the extent that the realization of 
the related tax benefit through future taxable profits is probable. For an amount of gross EUR 2,295 million, an amount 
of tax EUR 515 million related to tax losses carried forward (2024: gross EUR 3,577 million; tax EUR 787 million), and 
an amount of tax EUR 597 million related to tax credits carried forward (2024: tax EUR 661 million), the realization of 
the deferred tax asset is dependent on the projection of future taxable profits.
For the following amounts, arranged by loss carry forward periods, the deferred tax asset is not recognized:
Deferred corporate income tax assets in respect of deductible temporary differences are recognized to the extent that 
the realization of the related tax benefit through future taxable profits is probable. For the following amounts relating to 
deductible temporary differences, the realization of the deferred corporate income tax asset is dependent on future taxable 
profits in excess of the profits arising from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences.
Deferred taxes are non-current by nature, and the majority of the deferred tax assets and liabilities will therefore reverse after 
more than one year after the balance sheet date.
Financial 
assets
Insurance and 
investment 
contracts
Deferred expenses 
and other intangible 
assets
Defined 
benefit plans
Tax losses 
and credits 
carried 
forward Other Total
On January 1, 2025 1,066 (1,180) 576 237 1,448 228 2,375
Acquisitions / Additions - - (1) - - - (1)
Charged to income statement (141) 574 (50) (9) (189) (207) (22)
Charged to OCI (358) 152 - 2 2 - (201)
Net exchange differences (108) 110 (67) (28) (148) (30) (270)
Transfer to/from other headings 8 - - - - (8) -
On December 31, 2025 467 (344) 459 203 1,113 (17) 1,882
On January 1, 2024 808 (661) 537 214 1,112 284 2,293
Acquisitions / Additions - - (10) - - - (10)
Charged to income statement (76) (109) 12 12 259 (83) 15
Charged to OCI 278 (354) - (3) (4) 8 (75)
Net exchange differences 63 (63) 36 15 81 19 151
Disposal of a business (7) 7 - - - - 1
On December 31, 2024 1,066 (1,180) 576 237 1,448 228 2,375
< 5 years ≥ 5 – 10 years ≥ 10 – 15 years Indefinitely On December 31
Gross amounts 1 2025 18 1 -
1,153 1,172
2024 41 1 - 976 1,018
Unrecognized deferred tax assets 2025 11 - 70 307 388
2024 15 1 79 269 364
1 The gross value of state tax loss carry forward is not summarized in the disclosure, due to the fact that the United States files in different state jurisdictions 
with various applicable tax rates and apportionment rules.
Gross amounts Deferred tax assets
2025 2024 2025 2024
Deferred tax asset recoverable through retention of investments until 
recovery or maturity 3,823 6,013 803 1,263
Deferred tax asset dependent on future taxable profits 822 141 173 30
On December 31 4,645 6,154 976 1,293
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
212 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 213]
35 Other liabilities
The carrying amounts disclosed are reasonable approximations of the fair values at year-end, given the predominantly current 
nature of the other liabilities.
36 Accruals
The disclosed carrying amounts reasonably approximate their fair values at year-end.
37 Capital management and solvency
The Group’s lead regulator, the Bermuda Monetary Authority (BMA), monitors capital requirements for the Group as a whole. 
The Group’s individual subsidiaries are directly supervised by their local regulators. The Group is required by the BMA to hold 
an excess of its assets over its insurance contract liabilities calculated on a regulatory basis. Aegon’s group solvency ratio 
under the Bermuda solvency framework is broadly aligned with that under the previously applied Solvency II framework during 
a transition period until the end of 2027. This includes the method to translate Transamerica’s capital position into the group 
solvency position. As announced on the Capital Markets Day held on December 10th 2025, due to the proposed 
redomiciliation of the legal seat to the US, Aegon needs to report under the US capital framework, which is currently expected 
to occur per January 2028. The lead and scope of group supervision will be reassessed by relevant regulators at the time of 
the redomiciliation.
The Group and its individual subsidiaries may also be subject to supervisory intervention by their local regulators at local 
entity level. The Group and its individually regulated subsidiaries complied with all externally imposed capital requirements 
during 2025 and 2024.
Strategic importance
Aegon’s approach to capital management plays a vital role in supporting the execution of its strategy. The key capital 
management priority is to ensure adequate capitalization to cover Aegon’s obligations toward its policyholders and 
debtholders while providing sustainable dividends to shareholders. This priority is achieved by allocating capital to products 
that offer high growth and return prospects.
Management of capital
Aegon’s goal for both its operating units and for the Aegon group as a whole is to maintain a strong financial position and to be 
able to sustain losses from extreme business and market conditions. Aegon’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework 
ensures that the Aegon Group and its operating companies are adequately capitalized and that obligations toward 
policyholders are adequately met. Embedded in this larger framework is Aegon’s capital management policy, which is based 
on adequate capitalization of the operating units, Cash Capital at Holding, and leverage.
2025 2024
Payables due to policyholders 672 815
Payables due to brokers and agents 486 505
Social security and taxes payable 62 57
Income tax payable - 4
Investment creditors 1,329 1,175
Cash collateral on derivative transactions 145 250
Cash collateral on securities lent 1,677 1,898
Cash collateral - other 150 92
Lease liabilities 187 216
Other creditors 1,736 2,112
On December 31 6,445 7,124
Current 6,281 6,930
Non-current 164 194
2025 2024
Accrued interest 35 35
Accrued expenses 268 297
On December 31 303 332
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 35
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 213

[page 214]
Aegon manages capital in the operating units to their respective operating levels, sufficient to absorb moderate shocks 
and pay sustainable remittances to the Group, and above their minimum dividend payment levels. Cash Capital at Holding 
is maintained within an operating range of EUR 0.5 – 1.5 billion and covers holding expenses, near-term dividends, 
and contingencies, such as potential recapitalization of units. Aegon's gross financial leverage was EUR 4.9 billion per 
December 31, 2025 compared to EUR 5.2 billion per December 31, 2024.
Frequent monitoring of actual and forecasted capitalization levels across its underlying businesses is a key element of 
Aegon's capital framework in order to actively steer and manage toward maintaining adequate capitalization levels. 
Group operating capital generation contributed favorably and more than offset dividend payments.
Capital ratios of Aegon's main operating units
The estimated RBC ratio in the United States decreased from 443% on December 31, 2024, to 424% on December 31, 2025, 
and remained above the operating level of 400%. Strong operating performance was more than offset by negative impact 
from remittances to the Group and adverse market impacts. The negative impact of the SGUL reinsurance transaction was 
offset by the capital injection from the Group.
The Solvency II ratio for Scottish Equitable Plc decreased from 186% on December 31, 2024, to 183% on December 31, 
2025, and remained above the operating level of 150%. The capital ratio decreased with 3%-points, mainly due to remittances 
to Aegon UK, partly offset by operating capital generation.
The ability of Aegon's operating units, principally insurance companies, to pay remittances to the holding company is 
constrained by the requirement that these units remain adequately capitalized at levels set by local insurance regulations and 
governed by local insurance supervisory authorities. Based on the capitalization level of the operating units, local insurance 
supervisors are able to restrict and/or prohibit the transfer of remittances to the holding company. In addition, the ability of 
operating units to pay remittances to the holding company can be constrained by the requirement for these operating units to 
hold sufficient shareholders' equity as determined by law. The capitalization level and shareholders' equity of the operating 
units can be impacted by various factors (e.g. general economic conditions, capital market risks, underwriting risk factors, 
changes in government regulations, and legal and arbitrational proceedings). To mitigate the impact of such factors on the 
ability of operating units to transfer funds, Aegon establishes an operating level of capital in each of the units, 150% SCR for 
Solvency II units, including the United Kingdom, and 400% RBC CAL in the United States, which includes additional capital in 
excess of regulatory capital requirements. Aegon manages capital in the units to this operating level over-the-cycle.
Cash Capital at Holding
Cash Capital at Holding decreased from EUR 1.7 billion on December 31, 2024 to EUR 1.3 billion on December 31, 2025.  This 
decrease was largely due to the payment of final 2024 and interim 2025 external dividend and the share buy backs (in total 
EUR 1.1 billion), the capital injection to the Americas for the SGUL reinsurance transaction (EUR 0.8 billion), partly offset by the 
sale of a.s.r. shares decreasing Aegon's ownership to 24.12% (EUR 0.7 billion) and the free cash flows in 2025 (EUR 0.8 billion).
Group solvency ratio
Aegon’s group solvency ratio and surplus under the Bermuda solvency framework is broadly in line with that under the 
Solvency II framework during a transition period until the end of 2027. The method to translate Transamerica’s capital position 
into the group solvency position is also similar to the methodology previously applied under Solvency II. Aegon's UK insurance 
subsidiaries have been included in Aegon’s Solvency calculation in accordance with Solvency UK standards, including Aegon 
UK's approved Partial Internal Model.
Aegon agreed to fully adopt the Bermuda solvency framework after the transition period. Aegon announced on May 16, 2025 
that it will apply an aggregation approach to calculate its group solvency under the Bermuda solvency framework after the 
transition period. The resulting group solvency ratio is expected to be broadly similar to the current group solvency ratio and 
Aegon expects no material impact on its capital management framework. As announced on the Capital Markets Day held on 
December 10th 2025, due to the proposed redomiciliation of the legal seat to the US, Aegon needs to report under the US 
capital framework, which is currently expected to occur per January 2028. The lead and scope of group supervision will be 
reassessed by relevant regulators at the time of the redomiciliation.
December 31, 2025 1 December 31, 2024
US RBC ratio 424% 443%
Scottish Equitable Plc Solvency UK ratio 183% 186%
1 The capital ratios are estimates and are not final until filed with the respective supervisory authority.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
214 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 215]
Furthermore, the BMA has concluded its review of the eligibility of Aegon’s capital instruments under the Bermuda solvency 
framework:
 Aegon’s Solvency II-compliant instruments will continue to be eligible under the Bermuda solvency framework in 
the corresponding tier to Solvency II, and without any limitations;
 The Junior Perpetual Capital Securities (JPCS), were treated as Restricted Tier 1 until January 1, 2026, are eligible as Tier 2 
Ancillary Capital following that date, until the end of 2029. Subject to a review in 2029, eligibility may be extended;
 
The Perpetual Cumulative Subordinated Bonds (PCSB), which in 2025 were still treated as Restricted Tier 1, lost eligibility as 
of January 1, 2026. On a pro-forma basis taking into account the upcoming end of the eligibility for the PCSB, Aegon’s group 
solvency ratio would have been 7%-points lower compared with the group solvency ratio of 184% on December 31, 2025.
Aegon’s debt structure and funding decisions remain driven by economic considerations, while also taking into account 
market circumstances, regulatory requirements, and rating agency considerations.
The Group solvency ratio is calculated as the ratio between the Eligible Own Funds and the Solvency Capital Requirement 
(SCR). The Eligible Own Funds equal the Available Own Funds after applying any Own Funds eligibility restrictions.
Aegon’s Group solvency ratio was 184% on December 31, 2025, compared with 188% on December 31, 2024. The decrease 
in Group Solvency ratio of 4%-points is mainly driven by negative impacts from the SGUL reinsurance transaction in the US, 
shareholder returns including the 2025 interim dividend of 19 cents per share, the foreseeable 2025 final dividend of 21 
cents per share, the two share buy backs of EUR 200 million completed in 2H 2025 and the announced EUR 227 million share 
buyback program for 1H 2026. This negative impact is partly offset by the positive impact from operating capital generation 
and the sale of 12.5 million a.s.r. shares.
Minimum regulatory requirements
Insurance laws and regulations in local regulatory jurisdictions often contain minimum regulatory capital requirements. 
Bermuda and the BMA, as group supervisor and local entity supervisor of Bermuda subsidiaries, defined a minimum solvency 
margin. For insurance companies in the European Union and the United Kingdom a minimum capital requirement is defined. 
An irreparable breach of the minimum regulatory capital requirements would lead to a withdrawal of the Company's insurance 
license. Similarly, for the US insurance entities the withdrawal of the insurance license is triggered by a breach of the 100% 
Authorized Control Level (ACL), which is set at 50% of the Company Action Level (CAL).
Aegon views the higher capital requirement, 120% of the SCR for the Group or 100% of local entity solvency capital 
requirement as the level around which supervisors will formally require management to provide regulatory recovery plans.
During 2025, the Aegon Group and the regulated entities within the Aegon Group that are subject to regulatory capital 
requirements on a solo-level continued to comply with the solvency requirements.
Capital leverage
Aegon’s total capitalization reflects the capital employed in the business units and consists of the adjusted valuation 
equity and total gross financial leverage. Aegon assesses its gross financial leverage position based on various leverage 
metrics, including the gross financial leverage ratio, which is calculated by dividing total financial leverage by total 
capitalization. Aegon defines total financial leverage as debt or debt-like funding issued for general corporate purposes and 
for capitalizing Aegon’s business units. Total financial leverage includes hybrid instruments, as well as subordinated and 
senior debt. Aegon’s total capitalization comprises the following components:
 
Shareholders’ equity based on IFRS;
 Non-controlling interests and Long Term Incentive Plans not yet vested
 Contractual service margin net of tax; and
 Total financial leverage.
December 31, 2025 1 December 31, 2024
Group Eligible Own Funds 11,901 14,030
Group SCR 6,464 7,466
Group solvency ratio 2 184% 188%
1 The solvency ratios are estimates and are not final until filed with the respective supervisory authority.
2 Including our share of a.s.r. Excess of Assets over Liabilities (minus own shares and minus minority interests) and SCR in our Group Solvency numbers.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 37
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 215

[page 216]
The following table shows the composition of Aegon's total capitalization, the calculation of the gross financial leverage ratio 
and its fixed charge coverage:
Distributable reserves
Aegon is subject to legal restrictions on the amount of dividends it can pay to its shareholders.  Aegon shall only declare or 
pay a dividend or make a distribution from contributed surplus in accordance with Bermuda law. Among other things this 
means that Aegon shall not declare or pay a dividend or make a distribution from contributed surplus in the event that there 
are reasonable grounds for believing that (i) the company is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities as they 
become due; or (ii) the realizable value of the company’s assets would thereby be less than its liabilities.
In accordance with the Dutch Non-residential companies act ("Wet op de formeel buitenlandse vennootschappen") 
the members of the Board of Directors will need to satisfy themselves that after distributions to shareholders, repurchase 
of shares and reduction of the issued capital with repayment of shares Aegon Ltd. remains in the position to proceed 
with the payment of its due debts.
38 Fair value
The estimated fair values of Aegon’s assets and liabilities reflect the amounts that would be received to sell an asset or paid 
to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
Aegon uses the following hierarchy for measuring and disclosing the fair value of assets and liabilities: Level I - quoted prices 
(unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that Aegon can access at the measurement date; Level II - 
inputs other than quoted prices included within Level I that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (that is, 
as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices of identical or similar assets and liabilities) using valuation techniques for 
which all significant inputs are based on observable market data; and Level III - inputs for the asset or liability that are not 
based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) using valuation techniques for which any significant input is 
not based on observable market data.
The best evidence of fair value is a quoted price in an actively traded market. An active market involves regular, arm’s length 
transactions, and fair value excludes forced or distressed sales. If no active market exists or quoted market prices are not 
available, fair value is estimated using observable market data, such as external quotes and valuation techniques.
Unobservable inputs reflect Aegon’s assumptions about market participants’ pricing, including risk, based on the best 
available information.
Aegon maintains oversight of financial instrument valuation through a structure that ensures proper segregation of duties. 
Senior management, independent of investment functions, oversees valuation controls and reporting. For externally sourced 
fair values, independent validation is used to confirm inputs. Details of these validation processes follow.
Note 2025 2024
Total shareholders’ equity 25 7,432 7,215
Non-controlling interests and share options not yet exercised 26, SOFP1 186 221
CSM after tax 29 6,277 6,975
Adjusted valuation equity 13,896 14,411
Perpetual contingent convertible securities 26 500 500
Junior perpetual capital securities 26 923 923
Perpetual cumulative subordinated bonds 26 454 454
Subordinated Borrowings 27 1,461 1,653
Trust pass-through securities 28 99 113
Currency revaluation other equity instruments 2 24 52
Hybrid leverage 3,461 3,695
Senior leverage 31 3 1,389 1,507
Total gross financial leverage 4,850 5,201
Total capitalization 18,746 19,612
Gross financial leverage ratio 25.9% 26.5%
Fixed Charge Coverage 7.5 x 6.4 x
1 Non-controlling interests are disclosed in the consolidated statement of financial position.
2 Other equity instruments that are denominated in foreign currencies are, for purpose of calculating hybrid leverage, revalued to the period-end exchange rate.
3 Senior debt for the gross financial leverage calculation also contains swaps for an amount of EUR (7) million (2024: EUR (26) million).
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
216 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 217]
Asset and liability valuation follows a pricing hierarchy to ensure a controlled, consistent process that relies on reliable 
sources with minimal manual input. Depending on asset type, the hierarchy begins with market index prices and proceeds 
to third-party pricing services or brokers.
Fair value hierarchy
The following table sets out the fair values of financial instruments by the level of the fair value hierarchy into which each fair 
value measurement is categorized. It does not include fair value information for cash and cash equivalents, receivables, and 
payables, whose carrying amounts are a reasonable approximation of fair value, or for lease liabilities.
Significant transfers between Level I, Level II, and Level III
Aegon’s policy is to record transfers of assets and liabilities between Level I, Level II and Level III at their fair values from the 
beginning of each reporting period. Transfers are identified by transaction volume and frequency, which indicate an active 
market. The table below shows significant transfers between Level I and Level II for financial assets and financial liabilities 
recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. There was no transfer between Level I and Level II during 2025.
2025
Fair value hierarchy Level I Level II Level III Total
Shares 5 - 5 10
Debt securities 4,165 42,717 528 47,411
Money market and other short-term investments 2,102 207 - 2,308
Other investments at fair value - 27 1 28
Total financial assets measured at FVOCI 6,272 42,951 533 49,757
Shares 179 30 54 263
Debt securities 253 2,075 110 2,438
Money market and other short-term investments 1,708 160 - 1,868
Loans - - 82 82
Other investments at fair value 18 716 3,987 4,721
Derivatives 14 464 8 485
Investments in real estate - - 42 42
Investments in real estate for policyholders - - 437 437
Investments - Policyholder risk 89,715 125,710 389 215,814
Total financial assets measured at FVPL 91,886 129,156 5,109 226,151
Real estate held for own use (revalued amount) - - 56 56
Total financial assets measured at fair value 98,158 172,107 5,699 275,964
Investment contracts without DPF - Policyholder risk - 85,161 - 85,161
Derivatives 50 1,419 - 1,469
Total financial liabilities measured at fair value 50 86,580 - 86,630
2024
Fair value hierarchy Level I Level II Level III Total
Shares 34 - 4 39
Debt securities 5,170 46,242 799 52,211
Money market and other short-term investments 2,388 47 - 2,435
Other investments at fair value -
31 - 31
Total financial assets measured at FVOCI 7,592 46,320 803 54,715
Shares 163 30 86 279
Debt securities 308 1,970 107 2,385
Money market and other short-term investments 1,961 135 - 2,096
Loans - - 82 82
Other investments at fair value 1 718 4,457 5,176
Derivatives 30 732 9 771
Investments in real estate - - 57 57
Investments in real estate for policyholders - - 457 457
Investments - Policyholder risk 97,682 119,829 312 217,824
Total financial assets measured at FVPL 100,146 123,414 5,567 229,127
Real estate held for own use (revalued amount) - - 66 66
Total financial assets measured at fair value 107,738 169,734 6,436 283,908
Investment contracts without DPF - Policyholder risk - 79,078 - 79,078
Derivatives 53 2,382 - 2,435
Total financial liabilities measured at fair value 53 81,460 - 81,513
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 38
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 217

[page 218]
Movements in Level III financial instruments measured at fair value
The following table summarizes the change of all assets and liabilities measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis 
using significant unobservable inputs (Level III), including realized and unrealized gains (losses) of all assets and liabilities and 
unrealized gains (losses) of all assets and liabilities still held at the end of the respective period.
In 2024 and 2025, Aegon transferred certain financial instruments from Level I and II to Level III of the fair value hierarchy. 
The change in level resulted from decreased market liquidity for these securities, which reduced price observability. Prior to 
transfer, the fair value for the Level II securities was determined using observable market transactions, internal models, or 
corroborated broker quotes, respectively, for the same or similar 
instruments. Since the transfer, all such assets have been valued using valuation models incorporating significant non- 
market-observable inputs or uncorroborated broker quotes.
2025 2024
Level I to Level II Level II to Level I Level I to Level II Level II to Level I
Debt securities - - 308 261
Money market and other short-term investments - - 48 -
Total financial assets measured at FVOCI - - 356 261
Debt securities - - 11 4
Total financial assets measured at FVPL - - 11 4
Total financial assets measured at fair value - - 367 265
On January 
1, 2025
Disposal of 
a business
Total gains / 
(losses) in 
income 
statement 1
Total 
gains / 
(losses) in 
OCI 2
Purch- 
ases Sales
Settle- 
ments
Net ex- 
change 
difference
Reclas- 
sification
Trans- 
fers 
from 
levels 
I and II
Trans- 
fers 
to 
levels 
I and II
On 
December 
31, 2025
Total 
URGL for 
the period 
3
Shares 4 - - - - - - - - - - 5 -
Debt securities 799 - 7 5 124 (82) (86) (84) - 71 (226) 528 -
Other - - - (1) 1 - - - - - - 1 -
Total FVOCI 803 - 7 5 125 (83) (86) (84) - 71 (226) 533 -
Shares 86 - 7 - 17 (46) - (9) - - - 54 7
Debt securities 107 - - - 2 (1) (5) (13) - 23 (2) 110 -
Loans 82 - 4 - 12 (5) - (10) - - - 82 3
Other investments 4,457 - (9) - 463 (400) - (525) - - - 3,987 16
Derivatives 9 - - - - (1) - - - - - 8 (1)
Investments in real 
estate 57 - 10 - - (23) - (4) 1 - - 42 13
Investments in real 
estate for 
policyholders 457 - 8 - 12 (16) - (24) - - - 437 19
Investments - 
Policyholder risk 312 (14) (36) - 320 (38) - (28) - - (127) 389 1
Total FVPL 5,567 (14) (17) - 827 (530) (5) (614) 1 23 (129) 5,109 57
Real estate held for 
own use 66 - - 1 (1) (1) - (7) (1) -
- 56 -
Total financial 
assets 6,436 (14) (10) 6 952 (614) (91) (706) - 93 (355) 5,699 57
On January 
1, 2024
Total gains / 
(losses) in 
income 
statement 1
Total 
gains / 
(losses) in 
OCI 2
Purch- 
ases Sales
Settle- 
ments
Net ex- 
change 
difference
Reclas- 
sification
Trans- 
fers 
from 
levels 
I and II
Trans- 
fers 
to 
levels 
I and II
On 
December 
31, 2024
Total URGL 
for the 
period 3
Shares 4 - - - - - - - - - 4 -
Debt securities 516 9 (27) 218 (126) (41) 44 - 301 (96) 799 -
Money markets and other 
short-term investments 9 - (9) - - - - - - - - -
Total FVOCI 530 9 (36) 218 (126) (41) 44 - 301 (96) 803 -
Shares 94 (3) - 16 (27) - 6 - - - 86 (5)
Debt securities 86 (19) - 18 (14) (5) 6 - 53 (18) 107 (18)
Loans - - -
12 (1) - 4 68 - - 82 -
Other investments 4,237 (175) - 505 (323) - 280 (68) - - 4,457 (206)
Derivatives 8 1 - - (1) - - - - - 9 1
Investments in real estate 55 1 - 1 (2) - 3 - - - 57 -
Investments in real estate 
for policyholders 433 9 - 26 (32) - 21 - - - 457 59
Investments - 
Policyholder risk 342 3 - 62 (112) - 18 - - - 312 1
Total FVPL 5,255 (183) - 638 (511) (5) 338 - 53 (18) 5,567 (169)
Real estate held for own 
use 64 (1) (1) - (1) - 4 - - - 66 (1)
Total financial assets 5,849 (174) (37) 857 (638) (45) 385 - 354 (114) 6,436 (169)
Derivatives 6 (6) - - - - - - - - - -
Total financial liabilities 6 (6) - - - - -
- - - - -
1 Includes impairments and movements related to fair value hedges. Gains and losses are recorded in the line item Results from financial transactions of the 
income statement.
2 Total gains and losses are recorded in line items Unrealized gains / (losses) on financial assets measured at FVOCI and Realized gains / (losses) on disposal of 
financial assets measured at FVOCI of the statement of comprehensive income.
3 Total unrealized gains or losses (URGL) for the period recorded in the profit or loss during which the financial instrument was in Level III.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
218 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 219]
Similarly, during 2024 and 2025, Aegon transferred certain financial instruments from Level III to Level I and II of the fair value 
hierarchy. The change in level was mainly the result of a return of activity in the market for these securities, and the fair value 
could be determined using observable market transactions or corroborated broker quotes for the same or similar 
instruments.
Valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs
The table below presents information on the valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used in recurring fair 
value measurements of certain Level III financial instruments.
During 2024 and 2025, no valuation techniques or significant unobservable inputs were applied in the measurement of 
financial liabilities.
For reference purposes, the valuation techniques included in the table above are described in more detail on the following 
pages.
Valuation technique 1
Significant unobservable 
input 2
December 31, 
2025
Range 
(weighted 
average)
December 31, 
2024
Range 
(weighted 
average)
Financial assets
Shares Net asset value n.a. 5 n.a. - n.a.
Debt securities Broker quote n.a. 449 n.a. 688 n.a.
Discounted cash flow Constant Prepayment Rate - - 28 21.11%
Other n.a. 79 n.a. 83 n.a.
528 799
Other Other n.a. 1 n.a. - n.a.
Total FVOCI 533 799
Shares Net asset value n.a. 50 n.a. 83 n.a.
Broker quote n.a. 4 n.a. 3 n.a.
Debt securities Broker quote n.a. 96 n.a. 94 n.a.
Other n.a. 14 n.a. 13 n.a.
164 193
Investment funds Net asset value n.a. 3,220 3,633
Tax credit investments Discounted cash flow Discount rate 766 6.71% 823 6.72%
Loans Other n.a. 82 82
Total FVPL 4,068 4,538
Total financial assets 3 4,765 5,530
1 Other in the table above (column Valuation technique) includes investments for which the fair value is uncorroborated and no broker quote is received.
2 Not applicable (n.a.) has been included when the unobservable inputs are not developed by the Group and are not reasonably available. Refer to the section 
Fair value measurement in this note for a detailed description of Aegon's methods of determining fair value and the valuation techniques.
3 Investments where the policyholder bears the risk are excluded from the table above and from the disclosure regarding reasonably possible alternative 
assumptions. Assets where the policyholder bears the risk, and their returns, belong to policyholders and do not impact Aegon’s net result or equity. The effect 
on total assets is offset by the effect on total liabilities.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 38
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 219

[page 220]
Fair value information about assets and liabilities not measured at fair value
The following table presents the carrying amount and estimated fair values of assets and liabilities, excluding assets and 
liabilities that are carried at fair value on a recurring basis.
Certain financial instruments that are not carried at fair value are carried at amounts that approximate fair value, due to their 
short-term nature and generally negligible credit risk. These instruments include cash and cash equivalents, short-term 
receivables and accrued interest receivable, short-term liabilities, and accrued liabilities. These instruments are not included 
in the table above.
Fair value measurement
The description of Aegon's methods of determining fair value and valuation techniques is described on the following pages.
Shares
When available, Aegon uses quoted market prices in active markets to determine the fair value of its investments in shares. 
For Level III unquoted shares, the net asset value is the best approximation of fair value. Net asset value is the value of an 
entity's assets minus the value of its liabilities and may be the same as the book value or the equity value of the entity.
For unquoted shares, fair value may be estimated using alternative methods, such as analyzing price/earnings or price/ 
cash flow ratios of comparable quoted companies. Valuations are adjusted for company- 
specific factors and the inherent illiquidity of unquoted investments, typically based on available market data. Management 
also considers factors such as current performance, changes in market outlook, and the third-party financing environment.
Included in this category are shares in a Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) for an amount of EUR 36 million (2024: EUR 77 
million), which are reported as part of the line-item Net asset value. An FHLB has implicit financial support from 
the United States government. The redemption value of the shares is fixed at par, and they can only be redeemed by the FHLB.
Debt securities
The fair values of debt securities are determined by management after taking into consideration several sources of data. 
Aegon values debt securities using quoted market prices when available. Prices are first sourced from indices and third-party 
services. If unavailable, broker quotes, mostly non-binding, are used. Each quote is reviewed by Aegon to ensure it reflects the 
most appropriate estimate of fair value.
When broker quotes are unavailable, securities are priced using internal cash-flow modeling techniques. These valuation 
methodologies commonly use the following inputs: reported trades, bids, offers, issuer spreads, benchmark yields, estimated 
prepayment speeds, issue-specific credit adjustments, indicative quotes from market makers, and/or estimated cash flows.
Carrying amount
Estimated fair value hierarchy Total estimated fair 
valueOn December 31, 2025 Level I Level II Level III
Assets
Debt securities - held at amortized cost 36 36 - - 36
Loans - held at amortized cost 9,672 - 1 8,901 8,902
Deposits with financial institutions - held at amortized cost 11 11 - - 11
Liabilities
Subordinated borrowings - held at amortized cost 1,461 692 620 - 1,312
Trust pass-through securities - held at amortized cost 99 - 118 - 118
Borrowings – held at amortized cost 1,982 837 1,221 - 2,059
Investment contracts - held at amortized cost 12,652 - - 9,473 9,473
December 31, 2024
Assets
Debt securities - held at amortized cost 36 36 - - 36
Loans - held at amortized cost 10,598 - 1 9,379 9,380
Deposits with financial institutions - held at amortized cost 11 11 - - 11
Liabilities
Subordinated borrowings - held at amortized cost 1,653 763 727 - 1,490
Trust pass-through securities - held at amortized cost 113 - 133 - 133
Borrowings – held at amortized cost 3,013 867 2,209 - 3,076
Investment contracts - held at amortized cost 12,592 - - 9,432 9,432
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
220 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 221]
To understand third-party valuation methodologies, Aegon reviews and monitors the relevant documentation from pricing 
services. Any methodology changes are noted and assessed for reasonableness. Aegon also conducts in-depth, sample- 
based reviews of prices received, aiming to corroborate assumptions, inputs, and methodologies against documented 
standards. Only providers with strong market presence and proven expertise are used.
Third-party pricing services often base valuations on recent trades of identical or similar securities, adjusting for time elapsed 
and market data. When recent trades are unavailable, they apply modeling techniques using expected cash flows and market- 
based discount rates.
Aegon periodically analyzes inputs from pricing services and brokers to ensure they yield reasonable fair value estimates. 
Asset and valuation specialists consider both qualitative and quantitative factors, including recent transactions in similar debt 
securities, pricing trends, and relevant market events. Additional controls include validation checks such as exception reports 
for significant price changes, stale prices, or unpriced securities. Back testing is also performed by comparing sample trade 
prices with those used in financial reporting, with significant variances investigated.
Credit ratings are considered in assessing security risk but are not solely relied upon. Aegon uses an internal process based 
on market-observable inputs to form its risk view.
Private placement securities (classified as fair value through OCI or profit or loss) are valued using matrix pricing from a third- 
party provider, based on weighted average life, credit rating, and sector. Asset specialists review the matrix monthly, 
comparing spreads to market data. Other valuation inputs include coupon rate, interest rate curves, and liquidity premiums, 
which are based on recent private placement transactions. The liquidity premium’s impact on overall valuation is insignificant.
Aegon's portfolio of debt securities can be subdivided into residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS), commercial 
mortgage-backed securities (CMBS), asset-backed securities (ABS), corporate bonds, and government debt. Relevant details 
of the valuation methodologies for these specific types of debt securities are described below.
Residential mortgage-backed securities, commercial mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities
Valuations of RMBS, CMBS, and ABS are monitored and reviewed monthly. If Aegon must use internal valuation models, key 
inputs are based on relative value analyses that compare instruments with similar collateral and risk profiles. Market-standard 
models may be used to reflect each transaction’s collateral composition and cash flow structure. The most significant 
unobservable input is the liquidity premium embedded in the discount rate.
Corporate bonds
Corporate bond valuations are monitored and reviewed monthly. The pricing hierarchy depends on the ability to corroborate 
market prices. When unavailable, valuations are based on discounted cash flow using an internally calculated yield, which 
includes a credit spread over an observable benchmark. The credit spread combines observable and unobservable inputs. 
Aegon begins with a credit spread from a similar bond by the same issuer and adjusts it for unobservable factors such as 
subordination, liquidity, and maturity. In 2025, no corporate bonds met the threshold for internal modeling.
Government debt
When available, Aegon uses quoted market prices in active markets to determine the fair value of its government debt 
investments. When Aegon cannot use quoted market prices, it uses market prices from indices or quotes from third-party 
pricing services or brokers.
Money market and other short-term investments and deposits with financial institutions
The fair value of assets maturing within a year is approximated by their carrying amount, adjusted for credit risk where 
appropriate. Credit risk adjustments are based on market observable credit spreads if available, or management’s estimate 
if not market observable.
Tax credit investments
The Level III fair value of tax credit investments is determined using a discounted cash flow approach. This takes into account 
projected capital contributions, distributions, future tax credits, and tax benefits from operating losses. The present value of 
these cash flows is calculated using a discount rate, generally based on the timing and amounts of investment outflows and 
tax-related inflows. These inputs are unobservable. The discount rate used was 6.7% (December 31, 2024: 6.7%).
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 38
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 221

[page 222]
Investment funds: Real estate funds, private equity funds, and hedge funds
Fair values of non-quoted investment funds are determined by management based on information from fund managers. 
Aegon reviews these valuations monthly, performing analytical and trend analyses to ensure appropriateness. The net asset 
value is considered the best approximation of fair value.
Mortgage loans, policy loans, and private loans (held at amortized cost)
For private loans, fixed-interest mortgage loans, and other originated loans, fair value for disclosure is estimated by 
discounting expected cash flows at current market rates for instruments with similar yields and maturities. For fixed interest 
mortgage loans, the rate is adjusted for expenses, prepayment rates, lapse assumptions (unobservable), and liquidity and 
credit risk (observable). Increases in expense spread or prepayment assumptions reduce fair value.
The fair value of floating-interest-rate mortgage loans, policy loans and private placements used for disclosure purposes is 
assumed to be approximated by their carrying amount, adjusted for changes in credit risk. Credit risk adjustments are based 
on market observable credit spreads if available, or management’s estimate if not market observable.
Derivatives
When quoted market prices are unavailable, alternative valuation techniques, such as option pricing or stochastic modeling, 
are used. The valuation techniques incorporate all factors a typical market participant would consider and, when available, are 
based on observable market data. Models are validated before they are used and calibrated to ensure that outputs reflect 
actual experience and comparable market prices.
Fair values for exchange-traded derivatives, such as futures and certain options, are based on quoted market prices. OTC 
derivatives are valued using pricing models that estimate the net present value of future cash flows, incorporating observed 
prices from exchange-traded and OTC trades, or external pricing services. Most valuations rely on swap and volatility 
matrices built from current market data. Option pricing uses standard models and market levels. Complex or illiquid 
instruments are priced using internal models or independent third parties, with extrapolation applied for long-dated illiquid 
contracts to estimate unobservable inputs.
Some OTC derivatives are longevity derivatives, with payouts linked to public mortality tables. These are valued at the present 
value of expected payouts plus a risk margin. Expected payouts are based on the best-estimate mortality developments, while 
the risk margin is derived by stressing these estimates and applying a cost-of-capital approach. Depending on the swap’s 
duration, the most significant unobservable input is either projected mortality or the discount rate.
Aegon normally mitigates counterparty credit risk in derivative contracts by entering into collateral agreements where 
practical and by using ISDA master netting agreements for each of the Group’s legal entities, to facilitate Aegon’s right to 
offset credit risk exposure. Changes in the fair value of derivatives attributable to changes in counterparty credit risk were not 
significant.
Real estate
Valuations of Level III real estate investments and real estate held for own use are conducted by independent external 
appraisers at least every three to five years and reviewed annually by qualified internal appraisers to ensure fair value at the 
reporting date. While appraisals vary by local market, they follow standards such as the International Valuation Standards, the 
Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice, or Investment Property Databank guidelines. Valuations are primarily 
based on active market prices, adjusted for differences in property characteristics. When market data is unavailable, other 
methods are used, considering net earning power, comparable sales, or replacement cost. Discount rates reflect asset- 
specific cash flow risks, while capitalization rates represent the relationship between net operating income and property 
value. For own-use properties, appraisers estimate the present value of potential rental income.
Trust pass-through securities and subordinated borrowings
Trust pass-through securities and subordinated borrowings are either carried at fair value (if they are designated as financial 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) or amortized cost (with fair value being disclosed in the notes to the consolidated 
financial statements). To determine the fair value of these instruments, the IFRS level hierarchy is used. The preferred method 
for measuring the fair value of fair value option bonds is the quoted price (Level I). In cases where markets are less liquid or 
quoted prices are unavailable, Aegon’s valuation policy uses a pricing hierarchy that prioritizes publicly available prices 
sourced from indices and third-party pricing services. The US trust pass-through securities and subordinated borrowings are 
classified as Level II of the fair value hierarchy.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
222 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 223]
Investment contracts
Investment contracts issued by Aegon are carried at fair value (if designated through profit or loss) or amortized cost, with fair 
value disclosed in the notes. These contracts are not quoted in active markets, and fair values are determined using valuation 
techniques such as discounted cash flow, stochastic modeling, or unit-linked pricing. All models are validated and calibrated, 
taking into account factors such as time value, volatility, policyholder behavior, servicing costs, and comparable instruments.
For complex products, stochastic techniques are used to model dynamic cash flows under various market scenarios. Inputs 
include expected market returns, volatility, return correlations, discount rates, and actuarial assumptions.
Expected returns are based on risk-free rates, including Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) swap rates, associated 
forward rates, the Overnight Index Swap (OIS) curve, or local government bond yields. Market volatility assumptions for each 
index are derived from implied volatility data and/or historical performance. Correlations between indices are based on 
observed returns and their interrelationships over several years. Present values of projected cash flows are calculated using 
current risk-free spot rates. Customer behavior assumptions, such as lapses, are aligned with those used for insurance 
liability valuations.
Summary of total financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
The table that follows summarizes the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities that are classified as fair 
value through profit or loss, with appropriate distinction between those financial assets and financial liabilities held for trading 
and those that, upon initial recognition, were designated as fair value through profit or loss.
Investments where Aegon bears the risk
Aegon has certain insurance and investment liabilities that are carried at fair value with changes in the fair value recognized in 
the income statement. The Group has elected to designate the investments backing those liabilities at fair value through profit 
or loss, as a classification of fair value through OCI would result in accumulation of unrealized gains and losses in a 
revaluation reserve within equity, while changes to the liability would be reflected in net result (accounting mismatch).
Investments where the policyholder bears the risk
In addition, investments where policyholders bear the risk include profit assets, whereby Aegon manages the assets together 
with related liabilities on a fair value basis in accordance with a documented policy for asset and liability management. In 
accordance with the Group’s accounting policies, these assets have been designated as fair value through profit or loss.
Investments where the policyholder bears the risk include assets linked to various insurance and investment contracts, for 
which the financial risks are borne by the customer. Under the Group’s accounting policies, these insurance and investment 
liabilities are measured at the fair value of the linked assets with changes in the fair value recognized in the income statement. 
To avoid an accounting mismatch, the linked assets have been designated as fair value through profit or loss.
Investment contracts without discretionary participation features where the policyholder bears the risk
With the exception of the financial liabilities with discretionary participation features that are not subject to the classification 
and measurement requirements for financial instruments, all investment contracts without discretionary participation 
features where the policyholder bears the risk, are carried at fair value or at the fair value of the linked assets, and are 
included in the table above.
Derivatives
With the exception of derivatives designated as a hedging instrument, all derivatives are included in the table above.
2025 2024
Trading Designated Trading Designated
Investments - Aegon risk 7,306 2,066 7,661 2,356
Investments - Policyholder risk - 216,251 - 218,281
Derivatives with positive values not designated as hedges 390 - 606 -
Total financial assets measured at FVPL 7,695 218,317 8,267 220,637
Investment contracts without DPF - Policyholder risk - 85,161 - 79,078
Derivatives with negative values not designated as hedges 597 - 1,331 -
Total financial liabilities measured at FVPL 597 85,161 1,331 79,078
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 38
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 223

[page 224]
Gains and losses on financial assets and financial liabilities classified at fair value through profit or loss
Gains and losses recognized in the income statement on financial assets and financial liabilities classified as fair value 
through profit or loss can be summarized as follows:
Changes in the fair value of investment contracts without discretionary participation features where the policyholders bear 
the risk that are designated at fair value through profit or loss were not attributable to changes in Aegon’s credit spread. 
There are also no differences between the carrying amounts of these financial liabilities and the contractual amounts payable 
at maturity (net of surrender penalties).
39 Commitments and contingencies
39.1 Investments contracted
In the normal course of business, the Group has committed itself through purchase and sale transactions of investments, 
mostly to be executed in the course of 2026. The amounts represent the future outflow and inflow, respectively, of cash 
related to these investment transactions that are not reflected in the consolidated statement of financial position.
Aegon has committed, through certain subsidiaries, to invest in private loans, mortgage loans, and investment funds.
Mortgage loans represent undrawn mortgage loan facilities provided and outstanding proposals on mortgages. Private loans 
are commitments in Aegon's portfolio of private placement securities that have not yet settled and been funded. Other 
investments contracted include future purchases of interests in investment funds and limited partnerships.
39.2 Other commitments and contingencies
Guarantees include those associated with the sale of investments in low-income housing tax credit partnerships in 
the United States, which may be invoked if there is a deficiency in the tax benefits delivered to the investor or if Aegon is in 
default under a material provision of the contract. The standby letters of credit amounts shown above reflect the liquidity 
commitment notional amounts. In addition to the guarantees shown in the table, guarantees have been given for the fulfillment 
of contractual obligations, such as investment mandates related to investment funds.
The amount of collateral on financial guarantees is EUR 0 million on December 31, 2025 (2024: EUR 0 million), while other 
guarantees have EUR 1 million cash collateral at the end of 2025 (2024: EUR 1 million).
39.3 Contractual obligations
39.3.1 Contractual obligations at Business Unit level
In March 2019, affiliates of Transamerica Corporation and Illumifin, entered into a series of agreements to which 
Transamerica transferred to Illumifin the administration and claims management of its long-term-care insurance business line, 
enabling Transamerica to accelerate the enhancement of its digital capabilities and modernize its long-term-care insurance 
platform. Over the course of the multi-year contract, Transamerica will pay approximately USD 390 million to Illumifin. These 
fees represent compensation for administering Transamerica’s long-term-care product line, including policyholder service, 
claims processing and care management. The agreement also contains a termination clause in which Transamerica – subject 
to certain limitations – agrees to compensate Illumifin, on a specified schedule, for early termination.
2025 2024
Trading Designated Trading Designated
Net gains and (losses) 195 25,783 (1,643) 20,912
2025 2024
Purchase Sale Purchase Sale
Mortgage loans 85 - 189 -
Private loans 356 - 291 -
Other 921 - 1,205 -
2025 2024
Guarantees 864 918
Other guarantees - 6
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
224 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 225]
In April 2018, affiliates of Transamerica Corporation entered into a series of agreements with affiliates of Tata Consultancy 
Services Limited (TCS) to administer the Company’s US life insurance, voluntary benefits and annuity business lines. The intent 
of the relationship was for Transamerica to accelerate the enhancement of its digital capabilities and the modernization of its 
platforms to service its customers in all lines of business. In May 2023, due to the macroeconomic environment and the 
parties’ respective business priorities, Transamerica and TCS mutually agreed to end the administration arrangement for life, 
annuity and voluntary benefits lines of business. Transamerica and TCS concluded the transition of administration of all 
Transamerica business in July 2025.
In November 2018, Aegon UK announced an extended partnership with Atos BPS Ltd. (Atos) to service and administer its 
Traditional Products Business (non-Platform customers). The agreement is a 15-year contract under which Aegon UK pays 
Atos to administer around 1.4 million customers, which took effect on June 1, 2019 as planned. At year-end 2025, outstanding 
transition and conversion charges are estimated to amount to approximately GBP 6.8 million, of which GBP 3.7 million is 
expected to be recorded over the next year with a further GBP 3.1 million in 2027, with fixed payments to Atos defined in the 
agreement and subject to completion of milestones, which have been agreed with Aegon UK.
An Aegon Ltd. indirect US life subsidiary Transamerica Life Insurance Company ("TLIC") has a net worth maintenance 
agreement with its subsidiary Transamerica Life (Bermuda) Ltd. ("TLB"), pursuant to which TLIC will provide capital sufficient 
for TLB to maintain a tangible net worth of the greater of 165% of Standard & Poor's Risk Based Capital and the minimum 
required to comply with the requirements of the jurisdictions in which TLB operates.
39.3.2 Contractual obligations at Aegon Ltd. level
Aegon has guaranteed and is severally liable for the following:
 
Due and punctual payment of payables under letter of credit agreements applied for by Aegon as co-applicant with its 
captive insurance companies that are subsidiaries of Transamerica Corporation and Commonwealth General Corporation. 
On December 31, 2025, the letter of credit arrangements utilized by captives to provide collateral to affiliates 
amounted to EUR 90 million (2024: EUR 88 million); from that date no amounts had been drawn, or were due under these 
facilities;
 Due and punctual payment of payables by the consolidated group companies Transamerica Corporation, Aegon Funding 
Company LLC and Commonwealth General Corporation with respect to fixed subordinated notes, bonds, capital trust pass- 
through securities and notes issued under commercial paper programs amounting to EUR 1,562 million (2024: EUR 1,808 
million); and
 
Due and punctual payment of any amounts owed to third parties by the consolidated group company Aegon Derivatives N.V. 
in connection with derivative transactions. Aegon Derivatives N.V. enters into derivative transactions with counterparties 
with which ISDA master netting agreements, including collateral support annex agreements, have been agreed. Net credit 
exposure on derivative transactions with these counterparties was therefore limited from December 31, 2025.
39.4 Legal and arbitration proceedings, regulatory investigations and actions
Aegon faces significant risks of litigation as well as regulatory exams, investigations and actions relating to its and 
its subsidiaries’ businesses. Aegon is also subject to applicable regulations as a corporate entity.
Due to the geographic spread of its business, Aegon Group may be subject to tax audits or litigation in various jurisdictions. 
Although uncertainties are adequately accounted for in the tax position, the ultimate outcome of tax audits or litigation may 
differ from the amounts provided for.
Insurance companies and their affiliated regulated entities are routinely subject to litigation, investigation and regulatory 
activity by various governmental and enforcement authorities, individual claimants, policyholder advocate groups, and third 
parties in the jurisdictions in which Aegon does business, including the United States and the United Kingdom. These actions 
may involve issues including, but not limited to, employment or distribution relationships; operational and internal controls and 
processes; investment returns; sales practices; transparency and adequacy of product disclosures including regarding initial 
costs, ongoing costs and costs due on policy surrender as well as changes to costs over time; environmental and climate 
change related matters; competition and antitrust matters; data privacy; information security; intellectual property; and anti- 
money laundering, anti-bribery and economic sanctions compliance.
Over time, Aegon has made a number of acquisitions and divestments around the world, including in the Netherlands, Central 
and Eastern Europe, the United States, and the United Kingdom. Acquisitions and divestments involve risks, including the risk 
of losses resulting from claims or litigation related to contractual terms such as representations, warranties, and 
indemnifications.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 39
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 225

[page 226]
Government and regulatory investigations may result in the institution of administrative, injunctive, or other proceedings and/ 
or the imposition of monetary fines, penalties, and/or disgorgement, as well as other remedies, sanctions, damages, and 
restitutionary amounts. Regulators may also seek changes to the way Aegon operates. In some cases, Aegon subsidiaries 
have modified business practices in response to inquiries.
Customers of certain Aegon products bear significant investment risks, with respect to those products, which are affected by 
equity market and interest rate fluctuations. When investment returns disappoint, are volatile, or change due to changes in the 
market or other relevant conditions, customers may threaten or bring litigation against Aegon. Disputes and investigations 
initiated by governmental entities and private parties may lead to orders or settlements including payments or changes to 
business practices, even if Aegon believes the underlying claims are without merit.
The existence of potential claims may remain unknown for extended periods after the events that gave rise to them. 
Determining the likelihood of exposure to Aegon and the extent of any such exposure may not be possible for long periods 
of time after Aegon becomes aware of such potential claims. Litigation exposure may develop over long periods of time; 
once litigation is initiated, it may be protracted and subject to multiple levels of appeal, which can lead to significant costs of 
defense, adverse publicity, and other constraints.
In some jurisdictions, plaintiffs may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts under claims of bad faith, which 
can result in tort, punitive, and/or statutory damages. Damages alleged may not be quantifiable or supportable, or may have 
no relationship to economic losses or final awards. As a result, Aegon cannot predict the effect of litigation, investigations, or 
other actions on its business.
Separate from financial loss, litigation, regulatory action, legislative changes or changes in public opinion may require Aegon 
to change its business practices, which could have a material adverse impact on Aegon’s businesses, results of operations, 
cash flows, and financial position.
39.5 Proceedings in which Aegon is involved
A US based Aegon subsidiary has reached an agreement to resolve a putative class action alleging that it improperly failed to 
pay bonuses to policyowners on a certain block of universal life policies. The matter is fully provisioned. The settlement is 
subject to final court approval.
Several US insurers, including Aegon subsidiaries, have been named in litigation over increases in monthly deduction rates 
(MDR) on universal life products. Plaintiffs generally allege that the increases were made to recoup past losses rather than 
to cover the future costs of providing insurance coverage. Aegon’s subsidiary in the US has one pending related class action. 
This case was filed in October 2022 and relates to MDR increases in 2022 and 2023. A settlement was agreed between 
the parties in 2025. The matter is fully provisioned. The settlement remains subject to final court approval.
A former subsidiary of Transamerica Corporation was involved in a contractual dispute with a Nigerian travel broker that arose 
in 1976. A Nigerian court eventually issued a judgment in favor of the plaintiff of approximately USD 120 million. On appeal, 
this decision was reversed and remanded back to the trial court which then dismissed the case. The plaintiff appealed the 
court’s dismissal but subsequently passed away. An application to substitute plaintiff-appellant was granted. Aegon has no 
material assets located in Nigeria.
In 2025, several US-based Aegon subsidiaries reached a settlement in a putative class action alleging that the subsidiaries 
mischaracterized agents as independent contractors instead of employees. In April 2025, the settlement was formally 
approved by the court which is consistent with the provision raised in 2024. The settlement was paid in November 2025.
40 Transfers of financial assets
Transfers of financial assets occur when Aegon transfers contractual rights to receive cash flows of financial assets or when 
Aegon retains the contractual right to receive the cash flows of the transferred financial asset but assumes a contractual 
obligation to pay those cash flows to one or more recipients under that arrangement.
In the normal course of business, Aegon is involved in the following transactions:
 
Transferred financial assets that are not derecognized in their entirety:
 Securities lending, whereby Aegon legally (but not economically) transfers assets and receives cash and non- 
cash collateral. The transferred assets are not derecognized. The obligation to repay the cash collateral is recognized 
as a liability. The non-cash collateral is not recognized in the statement of financial position; and
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
226 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 227]
 Repurchase activities, whereby Aegon receives cash for the transferred assets. The financial assets are legally 
(but not economically) transferred but are not derecognized. The obligation to repay the cash received is recognized 
as a liability.
 Transferred financial assets that are derecognized in their entirety and Aegon does not have a continuing involvement 
(normal sale);
 Transferred financial assets that are derecognized in their entirety, but where Aegon has a continuing involvement;
 Collateral accepted in the case of securities lending, reverse repurchase agreement, and derivative transactions; and
 Collateral pledged in the case of (contingent) liabilities, repurchase agreements, securities borrowing, and derivative 
transactions.
The following disclosures provide details for transferred financial assets that are not derecognized in their entirety, 
transferred financial assets that are derecognized in their entirety, but where Aegon has continuing involvement, and assets 
have been accepted and pledged as collateral.
40.1 Transferred financial assets that have not been derecognized in their entirety
The following table presents the carrying amount of financial assets that have been transferred to another party in such a way 
that part or all the transferred financial assets do not qualify for derecognition. It also presents the carrying amounts of the 
associated liabilities.
In transactions in which the Group neither retains nor transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of 
a financial asset and it retains control over the asset, the Group continues to recognize the asset to the extent of its 
continuing involvement, determined by the extent to which it is exposed to changes in the value of the transferred asset.
Securities lending and repurchase activities
The table above includes financial assets that have been transferred to another party under securities lending and 
repurchase activities.
Aegon retains substantially all of the risks and rewards associated with the transferred assets, including credit risk, 
settlement risk, country risk, and market risk. The assets are transferred in return for cash collateral or other financial assets. 
Non-cash collateral is not recognized in the statement of financial position. Cash collateral is recorded on the statement of 
financial position as an asset, and an offsetting liability is recognized for the same amount, as Aegon is obligated to return it 
upon termination of the lending arrangement. Cash collateral is usually invested in pre-designated high-quality investments. 
The sum of cash and non-cash collateral is typically greater than the market value of the related securities loaned. 
See note 40.3 Assets accepted and note 40.4 Assets pledged for an analysis of collateral accepted and pledged in relation 
to securities lending and repurchase agreements.
40.2 Transferred financial assets that are derecognized in their entirety, but where Aegon has continuing 
involvement
Aegon has no transferred financial assets with continuing involvement that are derecognized in their entirety as per year-end 
2025 and year-end 2024.
40.3 Assets accepted
Aegon receives collateral for securities lending, reverse repurchase activities, and derivative transactions. Non-cash 
collateral is not recognized in the statement of financial position. To the extent that cash is paid for reverse repurchase 
agreements, a receivable is recognized for the corresponding amount.
The following tables present the fair value of the assets received in relation to securities lending and reverse repurchase 
activities:
2025 2024
FVOCI FVPL FVOCI FVPL
Debt 
securities
Debt 
securities
Investments - 
Policyholder risk
Debt 
securities
Debt 
securities
Investments - 
Policyholder risk
Carrying amount of transferred assets 1,629 1 88 1,628 1 39
Carrying amount of associated liabilities 1,677 - - 1,897 1 -
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 40
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 227

[page 228]
The above items are conducted under terms that are usual and customary for standard securities lending activities, as well as 
requirements set by exchanges where the bank acts as an intermediary.
For 2024 and 2025, there is no Non-cash collateral that can be sold or repledged in the absence of default, and no Non-cash 
collateral has been sold or transferred.
In addition, Aegon can receive collateral on derivative transactions. The credit support agreement will typically specify the 
threshold at which collateral must be pledged by Aegon or its counterparty. Transactions requiring Aegon or its counterparty 
to post collateral are typically the result of over-the-counter derivative trades, comprised mostly of interest rate swaps, 
currency swaps, and credit swaps. See the credit risk section in note 4 Financial risks for details on collateral received for 
derivative transactions.
40.4 Assets pledged
Aegon pledges assets that are on its statement of financial position in securities borrowing transactions, in repurchase 
transactions, in derivative transactions, and against long-term borrowings. In addition, to trade derivatives across various 
exchanges, Aegon posts margin as collateral.
These transactions are conducted under terms that are usual and customary for standard long-term borrowing, derivative, 
and securities borrowing activities, as well as requirements set by exchanges where the bank acts as intermediary.
Non-cash financial assets that are borrowed or purchased under agreement to resell are not recognized in the statement 
of financial position.
To the extent that cash collateral is paid, a receivable is recognized for the corresponding amount. If other non-cash financial 
assets are given as collateral, these are not derecognized.
The following tables present the carrying amounts of collateral pledged and the corresponding contingent liabilities.
For 2025 and 2024, there is no Non-cash collateral that can be sold or repledged by the counterparty; no Assets pledged for 
repurchase agreements; no Cash collateral that can be sold or repledged by the counterparty.
To trade derivatives on the various exchanges, Aegon posts margin as collateral. The amount of collateral pledged for 
derivative transactions was EUR 2.0 billion (2024: EUR 2.8 billion).
41 Offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements, and similar agreements
The information in this note only includes financial positions for which there is a recognized corresponding position that could 
be offset under a legally enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement. Aegon also enters into collateralized 
(reverse) repo or security lending and borrowing transactions, for which the collateral is not recognized on the balance sheet. 
For further information on the financial positions resulting from such transactions, please see note 40 Transfer of financial 
assets.
Securities lending 2025 2024
Carrying amount of transferred financial assets 1,718 1,668
Fair value of cash collateral received 1,677 1,898
Fair value of non-cash collateral received 92 41
Net exposure (51) (271)
Reverse repurchase agreements 2025 2024
Cash paid for reverse repurchase agreements 289 324
Fair value of non-cash collateral received 311 343
Net exposure (22) (20)
2025 2024
Assets pledged for general account and contingent liabilities Aegon risk Aegon risk
Contingent liabilities 1,180 2,143
Collateral pledged 3,762 4,282
Net exposure (2,581) (2,139)
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
228 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 229]
The table below presents the details relating to the effect (or potential effect) of enforceable master netting arrangements 
and similar netting arrangements, including rights to set-off, associated with the entity's recognized financial assets and 
financial liabilities.
Financial assets and liabilities are offset in the statement of financial position when the Group has a legally enforceable right 
to offset and intends to settle the asset and the liability on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously. As shown in the second row, there are EUR 10 million of Derivatives offset in 2025 (2024: EUR 5 million).
The line Derivatives includes both derivatives for general account and derivatives where the policyholder bears the risk.
Aegon mitigates credit risk in derivative contracts by entering into collateral agreements, where practical, and ISDA master 
netting agreements for each of Aegon’s legal entities thereby facilitating Aegon’s right to offset credit risk exposure. The 
credit support agreement will typically specify the threshold at which collateral must be pledged by Aegon or its counterparty. 
Transactions requiring Aegon or its counterparty to post collateral are typically the result of over-the-counter derivative 
trades, comprised mostly of interest rate swaps, currency swaps, and credit swaps. These transactions are conducted under 
terms that are usual and customary to standard long-term borrowing, derivatives, securities lending and securities borrowing 
activities, as well as requirements determined by exchanges where the bank acts as an intermediary.
42 Companies and businesses acquired and divested
Companies and businesses acquired
2025
There were no significant acquisitions in 2025.
2024
In February 2024, Aegon completed a strategic partnership with Nationwide Building Society (NBS) whereby Aegon acquired 
the existing financial planning service of NBS. The total consideration paid amounted to EUR 41 million and a deferred 
consideration of EUR 11 million. The total fair value of the customer-related intangible asset recognized amounts to 
EUR 40 million, the goodwill recognized amounts EUR 23 million. The goodwill represents the value of the assembled 
workforce, platform cost synergies and the ability of the established business to increase returns on an assembled collection 
of net assets.
2023
There were no significant acquisitions in 2023.
Companies and businesses divested
2025
There were no significant divestments in 2025.
2024
On February 23, 2024, Aegon completed the divestment of the business - sale of its 56% stake in its associate - in India 
to lower the exposure to businesses outside of Aegon’s core focus that has been largely eliminated over recent years.  
The divestment did not have a material impact on Aegon’s capital position or results.
On July 1, 2024, the Part VII transfer of the individual protection policies relating to the sale of Aegon's UK protection book 
to Royal London (announced in April 2023) was completed.
Financial assets Financial liabilities
Derivatives 2025 2024 2025 2024
Gross amounts 851 723 1,359 2,302
Gross amounts set off in the statement of financial position 10 5 - -
Net amounts presented in the statement of financial position 841 718 1,359 2,302
Financial instruments 1 369 628 710 1,537
Cash collateral received (excluding surplus collateral) 1 66 81 602 710
Net amount 406 8 47 55
1 Related amounts not set off in the statements of financial position.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 42
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 229

[page 230]
2023
On April 4, 2023, Aegon announced the sale of its UK individual protection book to Royal London. Under the terms of 
the agreement, Aegon UK will initially reinsure the portfolio to Royal London, followed by a Part VII transfer of the legal 
ownership of the individual protection book in 2024. The transfer is subject to court approval. Aegon UK’s individual protection 
business is a portfolio of life, critical illness, and income protection policies for 400,000 high-net-worth individual customers, 
which was sold via independent financial advisers. The portfolio closed to new business on April 4, 2023. The sale does not 
have a material impact on Aegon’s capital position or results.
On June 1, 2023, Aegon announced the completion of the divestment of its businesses in Poland and Romania to Vienna 
Insurance Group AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe (VIG) for EUR 125 million. The book loss on the transaction is EUR 78 million 
and is recorded in Aegon’s 2023 results. This was the final step to complete the full sale of Aegon’s insurance, pension, and 
asset management business in Central and Eastern Europe to VIG, following the closings of the divestments of the Hungarian 
and Turkish businesses in 2022.
On July 4, 2023, Aegon announced the completion of the combination of its Dutch pension, life and non-life insurance, banking, 
and mortgage origination activities with a.s.r., and the beginning of its asset management partnership with a.s.r. As part of the 
transaction, Aegon received EUR 2.2 billion cash proceeds and almost a 30% stake in a.s.r.
On July 21, 2023, Aegon announced the sale of its 56% stake in its associate in India, Aegon Life Insurance Company, 
to Bandhan Financial Holdings Limited, an Indian financial services company. The completion of the proposed transaction 
is subject to customary regulatory approvals which have been received in 2023.
43 Group companies
1. Subsidiaries
The principal subsidiaries of the parent company Aegon Ltd. are listed by geographical segment. All are wholly owned, directly 
or indirectly, unless stated otherwise, and are involved in insurance or reinsurance business, pensions, asset management or 
services related to these activities. Aegon's voting power in these subsidiaries equals its shareholdings.
The legally required list of participations as set forth in Articles 379 and 414 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code has been 
registered with the Trade Register in The Hague. Aegon Ltd. has issued a statement of liability as defined in Article 403 
of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code for its subsidiary company Aegon Derivatives N.V.
2. Joint ventures
The principal joint ventures are listed by geographical segment. The voting powers in these joint ventures is equal 
to the shareholdings, unless stated otherwise.
International
 
Santander Generales Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A., Madrid (Spain) (51%)
 Santander Vida Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A., Madrid (Spain) (51%)
 Aegon Santander Portugal Não Vida – Companhia de Seguros S.A., Lisbon (Portugal) (51%)
 Aegon Santander Portugal Vida – Companhia de Seguros de Vida S.A., Lisbon (Portugal) (51%)
 Aegon THTF Life Insurance Co., Ltd., Shanghai (China) (50%)
 Mongeral Aegon, Seguros e Previdencia S.A., Rio de Janeiro (Brazil) (59.2%, where Aegon has 50% voting rights)
 Sicoob Seguradora de Vida e Previdência S.A., Rio de Janeiro (Brazil) (29.6%)
Americas United Kingdom International Asset Management
Transamerica Casualty Insurance 
Company, Cedar Rapids, Iowa (United 
States)
Aegon Investment 
Solutions Ltd., Edinburgh
Aegon España S.A.U. de Seguros 
y Reaseguros, Madrid (Spain)
Aegon Asset Management Holding 
B.V., The Hague (The Netherlands)
Transamerica Corporation, Wilmington, 
Delaware (United States)
Aegon Investments Ltd., 
London
Transamerica Life (Bermuda) 
Ltd., Hamilton (Bermuda)
Aegon Asset Management UK plc, 
Edinburgh (United Kingdom)
Transamerica Financial Life Insurance 
Company, Harrison, New York (United 
States)
Cofunds Limited, London Aegon Investment Management B.V., 
The Hague (The Netherlands)
Transamerica Life Insurance Company, 
Cedar Rapids, Iowa (United States)
Scottish Equitable plc, 
Edinburgh
Aegon USA Investment 
Management, LLC, Cedar Rapids 
(United States)
World Financial Group Insurance 
Agency, LLC, Cedar Rapids, Iowa (United 
States)
Origen Financial Services 
Limited, Farnborough
Aegon USA Realty Advisors, LLC, 
Des Moines (United States)
World Financial Group Holding Company 
of Canada Inc., Toronto (Canada)
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
230 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 231]
Asset Management
 Aegon Industrial Fund Management Co., Ltd., Shanghai (China) (49%)
See note 21 Investments in joint ventures and associates for further details on these investments.
3. Investments in associates
The principal investments in associates are listed by geographical segment. The voting powers in these associates are equal 
to the shareholdings, unless stated otherwise.
Americas
 Dawn Holdings LLC, Wilmington, Delaware (United States) (19.99%)
Holding
 ASR Nederland N.V., Utrecht (24.12%)
Pursuant to the relationship agreement entered into with a.s.r. for a period of five years post-closing (July 1, 2023), Aegon has 
an exclusive right to nominate up to two members of the Supervisory Board (if Aegon holds more than 20% of the shares it 
may nominate two members of which one qualifies as Independent Nominee and the other as Non-independent Nominee; if it 
holds 20% or less but more than 10% of the shares it may nominate one member who qualifies as Non-independent Nominee). 
In addition, Aegon has the right to designate its nominees to the Audit and Risk Committee and the ESG Committee, subject to 
certain conditions.
For as long as Aegon holds more than 20% of the shares, the affirmative vote of the Non-independent Nominee is required for:
 
Significant changes to dividend policy (as per current stated a.s.r. policies);
 Certain dilutive transactions (issuance of equity or debt instruments); and
 M&A transactions (acquisitions and divestments, joint ventures, and long-term co-operations) with a value exceeding 
EUR 500 million.
Furthermore, for as long as Aegon holds more than 20% of the shares, the following needs the unanimous vote of all 
Supervisory Directors in office and the affirmative vote of the Non-independent Nominee:
 Material decisions on capital management, material reinsurance, and capital allocation/distribution, in each case to the 
extent this would result in a material change to the characteristics of the risk profile of (the enterprise of) a.s.r. and other 
than in the ordinary course of business.
Except for significant changes to the dividend policy, the same applies when Aegon holds between 10% and 20% of 
the shares. If Aegon holds less than 10%, the relationship agreement from which the abovementioned rights derive is 
automatically terminated.
Asset Management
 
La Banque Postale Asset Management, Paris (France) (25%)
See note 21 Investments in joint ventures and associates for further details on these investments.
44 Related party transactions
In the normal course of business, Aegon enters into various transactions with related parties. Parties are considered to 
be related if one party has the ability to control or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial or 
operating decisions. Related parties of Aegon include, among other things, its associates, joint ventures, key management 
personnel, and the defined benefit and contribution plans. Transactions between related parties have taken place on an arm’s 
length basis. Transactions between Aegon and its subsidiaries that are deemed related parties have been eliminated in the 
consolidation and are not disclosed in the notes.
Related party transactions with joint ventures and associates
2025 2024
Joint ventures Associates Joint ventures Associates
Assets - 20 - 8
Liabilities 1 - 77 - 110
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 44
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 231

[page 232]
As part of the reinsurance transaction on part of the Secondary Guarantee Universal Life portfolio, Transamerica Life 
Insurance Company paid a premium of approximately EUR 3.5 billion by transferring EUR 3.2 billion of assets to the 
reinsurance subsidiary of Dawn Holdings and approximately EUR 0.3 billion via a funds withheld arrangement.
For dividends and capital injections related to joint ventures and associates, please refer to note 21 Investments in joint 
ventures and associates.
Remuneration of the Executive Director, Non-Executive Directors, and Key Management
The following table shows remuneration expenses, with amounts reflecting time spent on the Board.
Fixed compensation of Key Management included severance payments of EUR 2 million in 2024, no such payments were paid 
in 2023 and 2025. Key Management consisted of all members of the Board and Executive Committee (see the chapter 
Composition of the Boards for more details).
Additional information on the remuneration of the Executive Director and Non-Executive Directors is disclosed in the 
Remuneration Report.
Interests in Aegon Ltd. held by the Executive Director
Shares held in Aegon on December 31, 2025, by Mr. Friese amount to 299,323 (2024: 160,357; 2023: 83,122). The shares 
held in Aegon mentioned above do not exceed 1% of the total outstanding share capital at the reporting date. At the reporting 
date, Mr. Friese has no loans with Aegon and no outstanding balances, such as guarantees or advance payments.
Common shares held by Non-Executive Directors
2025 2024 2023
Joint ventures Associates Joint ventures Associates Joint ventures Associates
Income 2 52 89 47 96 42 49
Expenses 3 2 68 1 73 1 33
1 Liabilities decreased mainly due to closing of tax positions with a.s.r. in 2025. 2024 balance mainly contained reimbursement rights. 
2 Income is attributable to fees from services provided for asset management activities, as well as reimbursement for IT, operational, and administrative 
services provided to insurance joint ventures.
3 Expenses are mainly reflecting transitional charges associated with the transaction between Aegon and a.s.r.
Remuneration expenses 2025 2024 2023
Non-Executive Directors 1.9 1.8 1.3
Executive Director 5.4 5.0 0.9
Executive Board - - 4.3
Key Management 1 32.3 31.9 27.9
in fixed compensation 11.2 13.7 13.8
in cash-based variable compensation 8.7 6.9 4.6
in share-based variable compensation 9.0 7.4 5.0
in pension contributions 1.5 2.6 3.1
in other benefits 1.9 1.3 1.3
1 Key Management is inclusive of Non-Executive Directors, Executive Director (also reported separately above) and Executive Committee Members.
Shares held in Aegon on December 31 2025 2024
Dona D. Young1 - 13,260
Corien M. Wortmann 5,819 -
Albert Benchimol 5,819 -
Mark A. Ellman 5,819 -
Karen Fawcett 3,802 -
Jack McGarry 5,819 -
Caroline Ramsay 3,375 -
Thomas Wellauer 3,993 -
Total 34,446 13,260
1 Following departure from the Board on June 12, 2025, share holdings for Ms. Young are no longer disclosed.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
232 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 233]
Shares held by the Non-Executive Directors are only disclosed for the period for which they have been part of the Board of 
Directors. At the reporting date, the Non-Executive Directors have no loans with Aegon and no outstanding balances, such as 
guarantees or advance payments.
Other related party transactions
Other related party transactions include, among others, transactions between Aegon Ltd. and Vereniging Aegon. Transactions 
with Vereniging Aegon are discussed in the Major shareholders section.
45 Events after the reporting period
On January 12, 2026, Aegon began a EUR 227 million share buyback, which includes EUR 200 million of the EUR 400 million 
share buyback program announced on December 10, 2025. This tranche has been expanded to include EUR 27 million to 
meet Aegon’s obligations resulting from its share-based compensation plans for senior management and is expected to be 
completed by June 30, 2026.
Schiphol, the Netherlands, March 25, 2026
Board of Directors
Lard Friese 
David Herzog 
Albert Benchimol 
Mark A. Ellman 
Karen Fawcett 
Lori Fouché 
Jack McGarry 
Jay Ralph 
Caroline Ramsay 
Thomas Wellauer 
Corien M. Wortmann
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Note 45
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 233

[page 234]
Financial statements of Aegon Ltd.
Income statement of Aegon Ltd.
For the year ended December 31
Amounts in EUR million Note 2025 2024
Result
Investment Income 3 46 86
Total revenues 46 86
Results from financial transactions 4 42 1
Total result 88 87
Charges
Commissions and expenses 5 209 95
Interest charges and related fees 6 96 129
Total charges 305 224
Result before tax (217) (137)
Income tax 7 10 19
Result after tax (207) (118)
Net result group companies 8 1,184 806
Net result 977 688
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
234 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 235]
Statement of financial position of Aegon Ltd.
On December 31
Before profit appropriation, amounts in EUR million Note 2025 2024
Non-current assets
Financial fixed assets
Shares in group companies 8 9,271 8,653
Loans to group companies 9 13 330
Other non-current assets 10 53 40
9,337 9,023
Current assets
Receivables
Receivables from group companies 11 266 20
Other receivables 11 27 106
Other current assets 12 9 32
Accrued interest and rent - 4
302 162
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents 1,425 1,888
Total assets 11,064 11,073
Shareholders’ equity
Share capital 13 229 241
Share premium 14 6,853 6,853
Revaluation account 14 (4,338) (6,022)
Legal reserves - revaluation account 14 1,821 2,326
Legal reserves – foreign currency translation reserve 14 49 999
Legal reserves in respect of group companies 14 1,239 1,367
Retained earnings, including treasury shares 14 1,568 1,835
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans of group companies 14 (966) (1,072)
Net result 14 977 688
7,432 7,215
Other equity instruments 15 1,978 1,972
Total equity 9,410 9,187
Provisions
Deferred tax liability - 12
Other provisions 16 76 -
76 12
Non-current liabilities
Subordinated borrowings 17 680 770
Long-term borrowings 18 740 781
Defined benefit liabilities 19 51 53
Other non-current liabilities 20 19 26
1,491 1,629
Current liabilities 21
Loans from group companies 1 4
Payables to group companies 17 70
Other current liabilities 58 159
Accruals and deferred income 11 12
87 245
Total liabilities 1,654 1,886
Total equity and liabilities 11,064 11,073
Financial statements of Aegon Ltd.
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 235

[page 236]
Notes to the financial statements of Aegon Ltd.
1 General information
For the general information, see note 1 General information to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.
2 Material accounting policies information
The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles as embodied in Part 9 of Book 2 of 
the Dutch Civil Code. In accordance with Article 2:362 (8) of the Dutch Civil Code, the Company’s financial statements are 
prepared based on the accounting principles of recognition, measurement, and determination of profit, as applied in the 
consolidated financial statements. These principles also include the classification and presentation of financial instruments, 
whether equity instruments or financial liabilities.
The group companies are recognized using the equity method, in accordance with the accounting policies applied in the 
Group's consolidated financial statements. For details on the accounting policies applied for the group companies, see the 
consolidated financial statements.
Legal reserves in respect of group companies include net increases in net asset value of subsidiaries and associates 
since their first inclusion, less any amounts that can be distributed without legal restrictions.
Reference is made to note 2 Material accounting policies information of the consolidated financial statements for 
the description of the accounting policies applied.
3 Investment income
4 Results from financial transactions
Results from financial transactions comprise of net fair value changes on derivatives that are designated as economic 
hedges for which no hedge accounting is applied.
5 Commissions and expenses
6 Interest charges and related fees
2025 2024
Interest income from short-term investments 41 67
Interest income from intercompany loans 5 19
Total 46 86
2025 2024
Employee expenses 156 80
Administration expenses 108 65
Cost sharing to group companies (55) (51)
Total 209 95
2025 2024
Subordinated borrowings 38 53
Borrowings 48 50
Derivatives 7 19
Other 3 7
Total 96 129
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
236 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 237]
7 Income tax
The applicable corporate income tax rate for 2025 is 25.8% (2024: 25.8%). The effective tax rate for 2025 is 5% (2024: 14%).
8 Shares in group companies
Capital contributions and acquisitions relate to executed capital contributions from the parent company to the business 
units and also reflect the impact of legal changes within the Group. Dividend received reflects remittances from the business 
units to the parent company.
For a list of names and locations of the most important group companies, see note 43 Group companies of the consolidated 
financial statements of the Group. The legally required list of participations as set forth in Article 379 of Book 2 of the Dutch 
Civil Code has been recorded in the Dutch Commercial Register.
9 Loans to group companies
10 Non-current assets
Lease assets include the right-of-use asset and the net investment in the lease for Aegon's new office at World Trade Center 
(WTC) Schiphol Airport, and the partial sublease to Aegon Asset Management.
11 Receivables
Receivables from group companies and other receivables have a maturity of less than one year.
Other receivables includes an income tax receivable of EUR 18 million (2024: EUR 99 million).
2025 2024
Current tax 10 19
Income tax benefit/(charge) for the period 10 19
Reconciliation between standard and effective tax
Result before tax (217) (137)
Tax on result at Dutch corporate result tax rate 56 35
Differences due to the effect of:
Prior year adjustments 11 1
Non-tax-deductible expenses (4) (7)
Non-recognition of deferred tax assets (53) (11)
Total 10 19
2025 2024
On January 1 8,653 8,536
Capital contributions and acquisitions 531 207
Dividend received and divestitures (1,320) (1,444)
Net result for the financial year 1,184 806
Revaluations 223 548
On December 31 9,271 8,653
2025 2024
On January 1 330 780
Additions/(redemptions) (279) (490)
Net exchange differences (38) 40
On December 31 13 330
Current 13 83
Non-current - 246
2025 2024
Lease assets 19 26
Reimbursement rights 16 5
Property, Plant & Equipment 18 9
Total 53 40
Notes to the financial statements of Aegon Ltd. Note 7
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 237

[page 238]
12 Other current assets
Other current assets include derivatives with positive fair values of EUR 4 million (2024: EUR 26 million).
13 Share capital
For the detailed breakdown of the issued and outstanding capital, common shares, and common shares B, including 
movement and weighted average number of shares, reference is made to note 25.1 Share capital – par value to 
the consolidated financial statements of the Group.
Short-term and long-term incentive plans
For detailed information on the short-term and long-term incentive plans, see note 13 Other operating expenses in 
the consolidated financial statements of the Group.
Board remuneration
Detailed information on remuneration of active and retired members of the Board of Directors, including their share plans, 
along with information about shares held in Aegon by the members of the Boards, is included in note 44 Related party 
transactions in the consolidated financial statements of the Group and in the Remuneration Report.
14 Shareholders’ equity
Share 
capital
Share 
premium
Revaluation 
account
Legal 
reserves 
revaluation 
account
Legal 
reserves 
FCTR
Legal 
reserves 
group 
companies
Retained 
earnings
Remeasurement 
of defined 
benefit plans of 
group 
companies
Treasury 
shares
Net 
result Total
On January 1, 2025 241 6,853 (6,022) 2,326 999 1,367 2,233 (1,072) (398) 688 7,215
Net result 2024 
retained - - - - - - 688 - - (688) -
Net result 2025 
recognized in the 
income statement - - - - - - - - - 977 977
Total net result - - - - - - 688 - - 289 977
-
Foreign currency 
translation 
differences and 
movement in 
foreign investment 
hedging reserves - - - - (950) - - 101 - - (849)
Changes in 
revaluation in 
subsidiaries - - 1,709 (504) - - - - - - 1,205
Remeasurement of 
defined benefit 
plans of group 
companies - - - - - - - 5 - - 5
Changes and 
transfer to legal 
reserve - - (8) - - (129) 196 - - - 59
Other - - (17) - - - 23 -
- - 6
Total other 
comprehensive 
income/(loss) - - 1,683 (504) (950) (129) 219 106 - - 425
-
Shares withdrawn (12) - - - - - 12 - - - -
Issuance and 
purchase of 
treasury shares - - - - - - (461) - (49) - (510)
Dividends paid on 
common shares - - - - - - (596) - - - (596)
Dividend 
withholding tax 
reduction 1 1
Coupons on 
perpetual 
securities (53) (53)
Incentive plans - - - - - - (28) - - - (28)
On December 31, 
2025 229 6,853 (4,338) 1,821 49 1,239 2,015 (966) (447) 977 7,432
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
238 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 239]
In accordance with Dutch GAAP requirements, the balance of the revaluation account includes a legal reserve for positive 
revaluation amounts on financial assets classified as fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) and cash flow 
hedging reserves. This takes into account the reducing effect of unrealized gains on insurance contract liabilities, which 
amounts to EUR 1,047 million (2024: EUR 1,491 million). Revaluation linked to cash flow hedging is identified on individual cash 
flow hedge positions. Additionally, a legal reserve exists for unrealized gains on investments accounted for at fair value 
through profit or loss (FVPL) with no frequent market listing, amounting to EUR 775 million (2024: EUR 834 million). Both 
amounts are reflected under legal reserves - revaluation account. 
For details on distributable reserves, see note 37 Capital management and solvency to the consolidated financial statements.
For the movements in the number of treasury common shares and common shares B by Aegon Ltd. reference is made to note 
25.3 Treasury shares to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.
15 Other equity instruments
For the detailed breakdown of the other equity instruments, reference is made to note 26 Other equity instruments 
to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.
16 Provisions
The provisions on December 31, 2025, mainly consisted of restructuring provisions of EUR 74 million (2024: nil). The 
restructuring provisions mainly include expected redundancy payments related to the announced relocation of Aegon’s head 
office to the United States. The provision is non-current and is expected to be used within 5 years. 
Share 
capital
Share 
premium
Revaluation 
account
Legal 
reserves 
revaluation 
account
Legal 
reserves 
FCTR
Legal 
reserves 
group 
companies
Retained 
earnings
Remeasurement 
of defined 
benefit plans of 
group 
companies
Treasury 
shares
Net 
result Total
On January 1, 2024 265 6,853 (5,157) 1,398 474 1,134 4,039 (1,006) (346) (179) 7,475
Net result 2023 
retained - - - - - - (179) - - 179 -
Net result 2024 
recognized in the 
income statement - - - - - - - - - 688 688
Total net result - - - - - - (179) - - 867 688
Foreign currency 
translation 
differences and 
movement in 
foreign investment 
hedging reserves - - - - 524 - - (60) - - 464
Changes in 
revaluation in 
subsidiaries - - (863) 928 - - - - - - 65
Changes in 
revaluation reserve 
real estate held for 
own use - - (1) - - - - - - - (1)
Remeasurement of 
defined benefit 
plans of group 
companies - - - - - - - (5) - - (5)
Changes and 
transfer to legal 
reserve - - - - - 233 (186) - - - 47
Other -
- - - - - (5) - - - (5)
Total other 
comprehensive 
income/(loss) - - (865) 928 524 233 (191) (66) - - 564
Shares withdrawn (24) - - - - - 24 - - - -
Issuance and 
purchase of 
treasury shares - - - - - - (835) - (52) - (887)
Dividends paid on 
common shares - - - - - - (521) - - - (521)
Dividend 
withholding tax 
reduction - - - - - - 3 - - - 3
Coupons on 
perpetual 
securities (77) (77)
Incentive plans - - - - - - (31) - - - (31)
On December 31, 
2024 241 6,853 (6,022) 2,326 999 1,367 2,233 (1,072) (398) 688 7,215
Notes to the financial statements of Aegon Ltd. Note 15
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 239

[page 240]
17 Subordinated borrowings
These securities are subordinated and rank senior to the junior perpetual capital securities and the perpetual contingent 
convertible securities, equally with the perpetual cumulative subordinated bonds and junior to all other liabilities. The terms of 
the securities include provisions for deferring coupon payments. There have been no defaults or breaches of conditions 
during the period.
18 Long-term borrowings
The redemption periods of borrowings vary from 6 years to 14 years. The interest rates vary from 6.125% to 6.625% per year.
19 Defined benefit plans
From July 1, 2023, following the transaction with a.s.r., employees of Aegon located in the Netherlands are employed by 
Aegon Employees Netherlands B.V. (AEN), an Aegon subsidiary included in the Holdings segment. AEN offers a defined 
contribution pension scheme to all employees in the Netherlands.
Until July 1, 2023, Aegon Nederland N.V. (legally merged with ASR Nederland N.V. on October 1, 2023, and therefore hereafter 
referred to as a.s.r.) was the employer of the employees of Aegon located in the Netherlands and operated a closed defined 
benefit pension plan under a pension contract. As of January 1, 2020, the defined benefit pension plan is closed for new 
members, and there will be no further accrual of benefits to existing members. Entitlements before January 1, 2020, will 
remain unchanged, and the indexation for those accruals will remain in force. The pension contract was updated as AEN 
was added as an employer on the date of the transfer of employees to AEN.
Until December 2024, the defined benefit plans were recorded on AEN's balance sheet. In December 2024, the rights 
and obligations from these plans were transferred from AEN to Aegon Ltd. and Aegon Asset Management Holding B.V.
The following sections contain a general description of the closed defined benefit plan for Aegon Ltd. For further details, 
including a summary of the principal actuarial assumptions applied in determining the value of the defined benefit plans, 
reference is made to note 33 Defined benefit plans of Aegon’s consolidated financial statements.
Fixed to floating subordinated notes Coupon rate Coupon date
Issue/ 
Maturity
Year of next 
call 2025 2024
USD 800 million 5.5% 1 Semi-annually, April 11 2018/48 2028 680 770
On December 31 680 770
Fair value of subordinated borrowings 692 763
1 The coupon is fixed at 5.5% until the first call date in 2028 and floating thereafter with a 6-month USD LIBOR (subject to US LIBOR Act) plus a margin of 
3.539%.
2025 2024
Remaining terms less than 1 year - -
Remaining terms 1 - 5 years - -
Remaining terms 5 - 10 years 286 301
Remaining terms over 10 years 455 480
On December 31 740 781
Fair value of long-term borrowings 806 835
2025 2024
Reimbursement rights retirement benefit plans 49 50
Present value of the expected guaranteed premiums and management fees (33) (44)
Total Reimbursement rights 16 5
Retirement benefit plans 49 50
Other post-employment benefit plans 2 3
Total defined benefit liabilities 51 53
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
240 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 241]
The defined benefit plans cover retirement benefits, disability, death and survivor pensions, and the defined benefit obligation 
amounts to EUR 49 million at December 31, 2025 (2024: EUR 50 million). The defined benefit obligation is backed by 
investments owned by a.s.r. The obligation of a.s.r. to fund the defined benefit obligation through these investments is reported 
as a reimbursement right on the balance sheet of Aegon Ltd. (refer to note 10 Other non-current assets of Aegon Ltd.). 
The average remaining duration of the defined benefits obligation is 19.5 years (2024: 20.8 years).
Also included in the reimbursement rights is the present value of the expected guaranteed premiums and management fees 
payable to a.s.r. The present value as of December 31, 2025 amounts to EUR 33 million (2024: EUR 44 millions) , discounted 
at a rate of 4.0% (2024: 3.5%).
The liabilities related to other post-employment benefit plans, consisting of former Board of Directors unconditional 
indexation, jubilee and mortgage discount liabilities, are wholly unfunded and amount to EUR 2 million at December 31, 2025 
(2024: EUR 3 million). 
20 Other non-current liabilities
Other non-current liabilities primarily comprise lease liabilities amounting to EUR 19 million (2024: EUR 25 million), which 
relate to Aegon's new office at World Trade Center (WTC) Schiphol Airport. Of the lease liability, EUR 12 million matures 
within the next 5 years. 
21 Current liabilities
Loans from and payables to group companies have a maturity of less than one year. Other current liabilities include 
derivatives with negative fair values of EUR 2 million (2024: EUR 44 million).
22 Commitments and contingencies
For a detailed overview of the commitments and contingencies, reference is made to note 39.3.2 Aegon Ltd. agreements 
to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.
23 Number of employees
There were no employees employed by Aegon Ltd. in 2025 (2024: nil).
24 Auditor's remuneration
2025 2024
Movements during the year in defined benefit 
plans Retirement 
benefit plans
Other post- 
employment 
benefit plans Total
Retirement 
benefit plans
Other post- 
employment 
benefit plans Total
On January 1 50 3 53 - - -
Defined benefit expenses 2 - 2 2 - 2
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans (3) - (3) (1) (1) (2)
Transfer from AEN - - - 49 4 53
Other - (1) (1) - - -
On December 31 49 2 51 50 3 53
Movements during the year of the present value of the expected guaranteed premiums and 
management fees 2025 2024
On January 1 44 -
Remeasurements of the defined benefit obligations:
Actuarial gains and losses arising from changes in financial assumptions (9) 5
Benefits paid (2) (1)
Transfer from AEN - 40
On December 31 33 44
Total remuneration of the group Of which in the Netherlands
2025 2024 2025 2024
Audit fees 34 32 6 6
Audit-related service fees 5 5 1 -
Tax - - - -
Other services - - - -
Total 38 37 7 6
Notes to the financial statements of Aegon Ltd. Note 20
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 241

[page 242]
The Board proposed for approval at the shareholders' meeting the appointment of Ernst & Young Accountants LLP as 
independent auditor of Aegon Ltd. for the financial statements of 2025. The proposal was approved by the general meeting of 
shareholders on June 12, 2024. EY Accountants B.V. succeeded Ernst & Young Accountants LLP as independent auditor of 
Aegon Ltd. effective June 29, 2024.
Audit fees consist of fees billed for the annual financial statements audit (including quarterly reviews), subsidiary audits, equity 
investment audits, and other procedures required to be performed by the independent auditor to be able to form an opinion on 
Aegon’s consolidated financial statements. These other procedures include information systems and procedural reviews, as 
well as testing performed to understand and place reliance on the systems of internal control, and consultations related to 
the audit or quarterly review.
They also include fees billed for other audit services, which are those services that only the external auditor reasonably can 
provide, and include statutory audits or financial audits for subsidiaries or affiliates of the Company and services associated 
with SEC registration statements, periodic reports, and other documents filed with the SEC or other documents issued in 
connection with securities offerings.
Audit-related services include, among others, assurance services to report on internal controls for third parties, due diligence 
services pertaining to potential business acquisitions/dispositions; discussions, review and testing of certain information 
related to the adoption of new accounting standards impacting future periods, financial reporting or disclosure matters not 
classified as "Audit services;" financial audits of employee benefit plans; and agreed-upon or expanded audit procedures 
related to accounting and/or billing records required to respond to or comply with financial, accounting or regulatory reporting 
matters.
25 Events after the reporting period
Please refer to note 45 Events after the reporting period to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.
26 Proposal for profit appropriation
Aegon aims to pay a sustainable dividend to allow equity investors to participate in the company’s performance. The Board of 
Directors will, in the absence of unforeseen circumstances, propose a final dividend for 2025 of EUR 0.21 per common share 
and EUR 0.00525 per common share B at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 10, 2026. If 
approved, and in combination with the interim dividend of EUR 0.19 per share paid over the first half of 2025, Aegon’s total 
dividend over 2025 will amount to EUR 0.40 per common share.
If the proposed dividend is approved by shareholders, Aegon's shares will be quoted ex-dividend on the New York Stock 
Exchange and also on Euronext Amsterdam on June 12, 2026. The record date for the dividend will be June 15, 2026, and the 
dividend will be payable from July 6, 2026.
Schiphol, the Netherlands, March 25, 2026
Board of Directors
Lard Friese 
David Herzog 
Albert Benchimol 
Mark A. Ellman 
Karen Fawcett 
Lori Fouché 
Jack McGarry 
Jay Ralph 
Caroline Ramsay 
Thomas Wellauer 
Corien M. Wortmann
2025 2024
Final dividend on common shares 318 303
To be added to retained earnings 659 385
Net result attributable to owners of Aegon Ltd. 977 688
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
242 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 243]
Independent auditor’s report
To: the shareholders and Board of Directors of Aegon Ltd.
Report on the audit of the financial statements 2025 
as included in the integrated annual report
Our opinion
We have audited the accompanying financial statements for the financial year ended 2025 of Aegon Ltd. based in Hamilton, 
Bermuda.
The financial statements comprise the consolidated financial statements and the financial statements of Aegon Ltd.
In our opinion:
 
The consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of Aegon Ltd. as at December 31, 
2025 and of its result and its cash flows for 2025 in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted in the European Union (EU-IFRS) and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code
 The company financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of Aegon Ltd. as at December 31, 2025 
and of its result for 2025 in accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code
The consolidated financial statements comprise:
 The consolidated statement of financial position on December 31, 2025
 The following statements for the year ended December 31, 2025: the consolidated income statement, the consolidated 
statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow 
statement
 The following statements for the year ended December 31, 2025: the consolidated income statement, the consolidated 
statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow 
statement
The financial statements of Aegon Ltd. comprise:
 
The statement of financial position of Aegon Ltd. on December 31, 2025
 The income statement of Aegon Ltd. for the year ended December 31, 2025
 The notes comprising a summary of the accounting policies and other explanatory information
Basis for our opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Dutch law, including the Dutch Standards on Auditing. Our responsibilities under 
those standards are further described in the ‘Our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section’ of our 
report.
We are independent of Aegon Ltd. in accordance with the Wet toezicht accountantsorganisaties (Wta, Audit firms supervision 
act), the Verordening inzake de onafhankelijkheid van accountants bij assurance-opdrachten (ViO, Code of Ethics for 
Professional Accountants, a regulation with respect to independence) and other relevant independence regulations in 
the Netherlands as applicable to audits of financial statements of publicly traded entities. Furthermore, we have complied with 
the Verordening gedrags- en beroepsregels accountants (VGBA, Dutch Code of Ethics for professional accountants).
We believe the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Independent auditor’s report
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 243

[page 244]
Information in support of our opinion
We designed our audit procedures in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole and in forming our opinion 
thereon. The following information in support of our opinion and any findings were addressed in this context, and we do not 
provide a separate opinion or conclusion on these matters.
Our understanding of the business
Aegon Ltd. (“the company” and, together with its subsidiaries, “Aegon” or “the group”) is an internationally active insurance 
group. The group has life insurance and pensions operations and is also active in savings and asset management operations, 
accident and health insurance and general insurance. Aegon has fully owned businesses in the United States and the United 
Kingdom and has a strategic shareholding in the Netherlands. We paid specific attention in our audit to a number of areas 
driven by the operations of the group and our risk assessment.
We determined materiality and identified and assessed the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error in order to design audit procedures responsive to those risks and to obtain audit evidence 
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
We have also considered misstatements and/or possible misstatements that in our opinion are material for the users of 
the financial statements for qualitative reasons.
We agreed with the audit committee of the board of directors that misstatements in excess of EUR 11 million which are 
identified during the audit, would be reported to them, as well as smaller misstatements that in our view must be reported 
on qualitative grounds.
Scope of the group audit
Aegon Ltd. is at the head of a group of entities. The company’s legal seat is in Bermuda, the headquarters in the Netherlands 
and main operations in the Americas and the United Kingdom. The financial information of this group is included in the financial 
statements.
We are responsible for planning and performing the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding 
the financial information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the financial 
statements. We are also responsible for the direction, supervision, review and evaluation of the audit work performed for 
purposes of the group audit. We bear the full responsibility for the auditor’s report.
Based on our understanding of the group and its environment, the applicable financial framework and the group’s system 
of internal control, we identified and assessed risks of material misstatement of the financial statements and the significant 
accounts and disclosures. Based on this risk assessment, we determined the nature, timing and extent of audit work 
performed, including the entities within the group (components) at which to perform audit work. For this determination we 
considered the nature of the relevant events and conditions underlying the identified risks of material misstatements for 
the financial statements, the association of these risks to components and the materiality or financial size of the components 
relative to the group.
Materiality
Materiality EUR 210 million (2024: EUR 150 million)
Benchmark applied Approximately 1.5% of Shareholders’ equity plus the Contractual service margin (after tax) on December 31, 
2025
Explanation We determined materiality based on our understanding of Aegon’s business and our view on the financial 
information needs of users of the financial statements. We considered that Shareholders’ equity plus the 
Contractual service margin (after tax) is commensurate with one of the key measures used in Aegon’s capital 
management and solvency requirements (Adjusted valuation equity), as disclosed in Note 37 to the consolidated 
financial statements.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
244 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 245]
We communicated the audit work to be performed and identified risks through instructions for component auditors as well as 
requesting component auditors to communicate matters related to the financial information of the component that is relevant 
to identifying and assessing risks.
We have performed audit procedures ourselves in respect of group developed economic assumptions of the valuation of 
insurance contract liabilities, investment contract liabilities with discretionary participation features, share based payments 
and the audit of the holding company. We also performed audit procedures on IT processes, going concern assessment and 
entity level controls. We used the work of component auditors from EY Global member firms working under our supervision 
for Aegon Americas, Aegon UK and Transamerica Life Bermuda and we used the work of a non-EY component auditor for a.s.r.
This resulted in a coverage of 99% of total assets, 78% of the result before tax from continuing operations and 96% of 
revenue.
For other components, we performed specified audit procedures and analytical procedures to corroborate that our risk 
assessment and scoping remained appropriate throughout the audit.
We performed site visits to meet with local management and component teams, observe the component operations, 
discuss the group risk assessment and the risks of material misstatements for Aegon Americas, Aegon UK and a.s.r.
We reviewed key working papers for Aegon Americas, Aegon UK and a.s.r. to address the risks of material misstatement. 
For all component mentioned, we reviewed and evaluated the adequacy of the deliverables from component auditors, we 
held planning meetings and key meetings required based on circumstances. During these meetings and calls, amongst others, 
the planning, procedures performed based on risk assessments, findings and observations were discussed.
By performing the audit work mentioned above at the entities within the group, together with additional work at group level, 
we have been able to obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence about the group’s financial information to provide an 
opinion on the financial statements.
Teaming and use of specialists
We ensured that the audit teams both at group and at component levels included the appropriate skills and competences 
which are needed for the audit of a listed internationally active insurance group. We included specialists in the areas of 
actuarial, asset valuation, IT audit, forensics, tax and share based payments.
Our focus on fraud and non-compliance with laws and regulations
Our responsibility
Although we are not responsible for preventing fraud or non-compliance and we cannot be expected to detect non- 
compliance with all laws and regulations, it is our responsibility to obtain reasonable assurance that the financial statements, 
taken as a whole, are free from material misstatement, whether caused by fraud or error. The risk of not detecting a material 
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, 
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Our audit response related to fraud risks
We identified and assessed the risks of material misstatements of the financial statements due to fraud. During our audit we 
obtained an understanding of the group and its environment and the components of the system of internal control, including 
the risk assessment process and the board of directors’ process for responding to the risks of fraud and monitoring the 
system of internal control, as well as the outcomes. We refer to Section “Risk Management” of the board report for the board 
of directors’ (fraud) risk assessment.
We evaluated the design and relevant aspects of the system of internal control and in particular the fraud risk assessment, 
as well as Aegon’s Code of Conduct, Speak Up program and incident registration. We evaluated the design and the 
implementation and, where considered appropriate, tested the operating effectiveness, of internal controls designed to 
mitigate fraud risks.
Independent auditor’s report
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 245

[page 246]
As part of our process of identifying fraud risks, we evaluated fraud risk factors with respect to financial reporting fraud, 
misappropriation of assets and bribery and corruption. We evaluated whether these factors indicate that a risk of material 
misstatement due to fraud is present.
We incorporated elements of unpredictability in our audit. We also considered the outcome of our other audit procedures 
and evaluated whether any findings were indicative of fraud or non-compliance.
We addressed the risks related to management override of controls, as this risk is present in all organizations. For these risks 
we have, among other things, performed procedures to evaluate whether the selection and application of accounting policies 
by the company, particularly those relating to subjective measurements and complex transactions, as disclosed in note 3 
Critical accounting estimates and judgment in applying accounting policies to the consolidated financial statements, may be 
indicative to fraudulent financial reporting. Our evaluation included the actuarial and economic assumptions further disclosed 
in Note 29.3 Critical judgments and estimates relating to insurance contracts, reinsurance contracts held, and investment 
contracts with discretionary participation features. We refer to our audit response in the key audit matter ‘Valuation of 
insurance contract liabilities and investment contract liabilities with discretionary participation features’.
We have also used data analysis to identify and address high-risk journal entries and other adjustments made in the financial 
reporting process. We evaluated the business rationale (or the lack thereof) of significant extraordinary transactions, including 
those with related parties.
We did not identify a specific risk of fraud in revenue recognition, other than the aforementioned risks related to management 
override of controls which also impact insurance revenue.
We considered available information and made enquiries of relevant executives, directors, group internal audit, group legal, 
global compliance, group risk, global human resources department and business unit directors and the audit committee of 
the board of directors.
The fraud risks we identified, enquiries and other available information did not lead to specific indications for fraud or 
suspected fraud potentially materially impacting the view of the financial statements.
Our audit response related to risks of non-compliance with laws and regulations
We performed appropriate audit procedures regarding compliance with the provisions of those laws and regulations that 
have a direct effect on the determination of material amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Furthermore, we 
assessed factors related to the risks of non-compliance with laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have 
a material effect on the financial statements from our general industry experience, through discussions with the board of 
directors, management, inspecting the yearly systematic integrity risk analysis (SIRA), reading minutes, inspection of group 
internal audit and global compliance reports.
We also inspected lawyers’ letters and correspondence with regulatory authorities and remained alert to any indication of 
(suspected) non-compliance throughout the audit. Finally, we obtained written representations that all known instances of 
non-compliance with laws and regulations have been disclosed to us.
Our audit response related to going concern
As disclosed in section ‘Management’s assessment of going concern’ in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, 
the financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. When preparing the financial statements, the board of 
directors made a specific assessment of the company’s ability to continue as a going concern and to continue its operations 
for the foreseeable future.
We discussed and evaluated the specific assessment with the board of directors exercising professional judgment and 
maintaining professional skepticism. We considered whether the board of directors’ going concern assessment, based on 
our knowledge and understanding obtained through our audit of the financial statements or otherwise, contains all relevant 
events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue as a going concern, also focusing 
on whether the company will continue to meet the regulatory capital requirements. If we conclude that a material uncertainty 
exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, 
if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
246 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 247]
Based on our procedures performed, we did not identify material uncertainties about going concern or the board of directors’ 
use of the going concern basis of accounting. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our 
auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause a company to cease to continue as a going concern.
Our key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial 
statements. We have communicated the key audit matter to the board of directors. The key audit matter is not a 
comprehensive reflection of all matters discussed.
In comparison with previous year, our key audit matter did not change.
Valuation of insurance contract liabilities and investment contract liabilities with discretionary participation features
Risk At December 31, 2025, the Company recorded insurance contract liabilities of EUR 176.0 billion and investment contract 
liabilities with discretionary participation features of EUR 21.3 billion on its Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
and as disclosed in Note 29 ‘(Re)Insurance contracts and investment contracts with discretionary participation features’ to the 
consolidated financial statements, is attributable to the contracts measured using the general measurement model or 
variable fee approach. 
 
As described in Note 2 ‘Material accounting policies information’ and Note 29 , IFRS 17 ‘Insurance contracts’ establishes 
accounting principles for measuring insurance contract liabilities and investment contract liabilities with discretionary 
participation features (collectively, the “insurance contracts”) based on the present value of the estimated future cash flows 
that will arise as these contracts are fulfilled (best estimate liabilities), and which includes an explicit risk adjustment for non- 
financial risk and a contractual service margin reflecting unearned profits. 
 
Auditing the valuation of the Company’s insurance contracts was complex, because of the highly judgmental nature of, and the 
sensitivity of the valuation to, certain non-economic assumptions used to determine the estimated future cash flows, including 
mortality, lapse, surrender, expenses and claim incidence (collectively, “the non-economic assumptions”). Given the highly 
judgmental nature of the non-economic assumptions and the identified risks of management override of controls, we consider 
auditing the non-economic assumptions used in the valuation of the insurance contracts a key audit matter.
Our audit 
approach
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company’s controls over 
management’s process for the development of the non-economic assumptions, including, among others, the review and 
approval process management has in place for their development. 
 
To evaluate the judgment used by management in determining the non-economic assumptions used in measuring the 
insurance contracts, we involved actuarial specialists to assess whether the methodology applied by management was in 
accordance with IFRS 17 and to perform audit procedures. Those audit procedures included comparing the non-economic 
assumptions to underlying support and documentation, which included experience studies, industry data and management’s 
estimates of the impact related to changes in the non-economic assumptions. For the expenses assumption, we evaluated it 
by comparing to the company’s historic, current and projected expense levels.
Key 
observations
Based on our procedures performed we did not identify any material misstatement whether due to fraud or error related to 
the valuation of insurance contract liabilities and investment contract liabilities with discretionary participation features.
Independent auditor’s report
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 247

[page 248]
Report on other information included in the integrated annual 
report
The integrated annual report contains other information in addition to the financial statements and our auditor’s report 
thereon.
Based on the following procedures performed, we conclude that the other information:
 Is consistent with the financial statements and does not contain material misstatements
 Contains the information as required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code for the management report (excluding 
the sustainability statement) and the other information as required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.
We have read the other information. Based on our knowledge and understanding obtained through our audit of the financial 
statements or otherwise, we have considered whether the other information contains material misstatements. By performing 
these procedures, we comply with the requirements of Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and the Dutch Standard 720. 
The scope of the procedures performed is substantially less than the scope of those performed in our audit of the financial 
statements.
The board of directors is responsible for the preparation of the other information, including the management report in 
accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and other information required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch 
Civil Code.
Description of responsibilities regarding the financial 
statements
Responsibilities of management and the board of directors for the financial statements
The (hereinafter: management), subject to control of the board of directors, are responsible for the preparation and fair 
presentation of the financial statements in accordance with EU-IFRS and Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
Furthermore, management is responsible for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable 
the preparation of the financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
As part of the preparation of the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the company’s ability 
to continue as a going concern. Based on the financial reporting framework mentioned, management should prepare the 
financial statements using the going concern basis of accounting unless the board of directors either intends to liquidate 
the company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. Management should disclose events and 
circumstances that may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue as a going concern in the financial 
statements.
The Audit Committee of the board of directors and has an oversight function. The audit committee advises and prepares 
decisions to be taken by the board of directors in relation to the integrity and quality of the consolidated financial statements 
and monitoring the internal control over financial reporting. The financial statements are adopted by the board of directors.
Our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objective is to plan and perform the audit engagement in a manner that allows us to obtain sufficient and appropriate 
audit evidence for our opinion.
Our audit has been performed with a high, but not absolute, level of assurance, which means we may not detect all material 
misstatements, whether due to fraud or error during our audit.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements. 
The materiality affects the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and the evaluation of the effect of identified 
misstatements on our opinion.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
248 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 249]
We have exercised professional judgment and have maintained professional skepticism throughout the audit, in accordance 
with Dutch Standards on Auditing, ethical requirements and independence requirements. The Information in support of our 
opinion section above includes an informative summary of our responsibilities and the work performed as the basis for our 
opinion.
Our audit further included among others:
 Performing audit procedures responsive to the risks identified, and obtaining audit evidence that is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion
 Obtaining an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company’s internal 
control
 
Evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management
 Evaluating the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures
 Evaluating whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves 
fair presentation
Communication
We communicate with the board of directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit 
and significant audit findings, including any significant findings in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We provide the board of directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding 
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear 
on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with the board of directors, we determine the key audit matters: those matters that were of 
most significance in the audit of the financial statements. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or 
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, not communicating the 
matter is in the public interest.
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements and ESEF
Engagement
We were appointed by the general meeting of shareholders on May 25, 2023, as auditor of Aegon Ltd. as of the audit for the 
year 2025 and have operated as statutory auditor ever since that date.
European Single Electronic Reporting Format (ESEF)
Aegon Ltd. has prepared the integrated annual report in ESEF. The requirements for this are set out in the Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/815 with regard to regulatory technical standards on the specification of a single electronic reporting 
format (hereinafter: the RTS on ESEF).
In our opinion the integrated annual report prepared in the XHTML format, including the partially marked-up consolidated 
financial statements as included in the reporting package by Aegon Ltd., complies in all material respects with the RTS 
on ESEF.
Management is responsible for preparing the integrated annual report, including the financial statements, in accordance with 
the RTS on ESEF, whereby management combines the various components into a single reporting package.
Our responsibility is to obtain reasonable assurance for our opinion whether the integrated annual report in this reporting 
package complies with the RTS on ESEF.
Independent auditor’s report
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 249

[page 250]
We performed our examination in accordance with Dutch law, including Dutch Standard 3950N, ”Assurance-opdrachten 
inzake het voldoen aan de criteria voor het opstellen van een digitaal verantwoordingsdocument” (assurance engagements 
relating to compliance with criteria for digital reporting). Our examination included amongst others:
 Obtaining an understanding of the company’s financial reporting process, including the preparation of the reporting package
 Identifying and assessing the risks that the integrated annual report does not comply in all material respects with the RTS 
on ESEF and designing and performing further assurance procedures responsive to those risks to provide a basis for our 
opinion, including:
 
Obtaining the reporting package and performing validations to determine whether the reporting package containing 
the Inline XBRL instance document and the XBRL extension taxonomy files, has been prepared in accordance with the 
technical specifications as included in the RTS on ESEF
 Examining the information related to the consolidated financial statements in the reporting package to determine whether 
all required mark-ups have been applied and whether these are in accordance with the RTS on ESEF.
The Hague, The Netherlands, March 25, 2026
EY Accountants B.V.
Signed by T. de Kuijper
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
250 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 251]
Other information
Profit appropriation
Appropriation of profit will be determined in accordance with articles 3, 32 and 33 of the Bye-Laws of Aegon Ltd. The relevant 
provisions are as follows:
The Board of Directors may, before declaring any dividend or distribution out of contributed surplus, set aside such sums as 
it thinks proper as reserves which shall, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, be applicable for any purpose of Aegon 
and pending such application may, also at such discretion, either be employed in the business of Aegon or be invested in 
such investments as the Board of Directors may from time to time think fit. The Board of Directors may also, without placing 
the same to reserve carry forward any sums which it may think it prudent not to distribute.
1.
The Board of Directors may, but shall not be required, to include a proposal for the declaration and payment of a final annual 
dividend in such amount as the Board may, in its sole discretion, determine to be justified, as an agenda item for 
consideration at the annual general meeting. Any annual final dividend approved at the annual general meeting shall be paid 
to the Shareholders according to their rights and interests as set forth in the bye-laws (and described under 5 and 6 below).
2.
The Board of Directors may, from time to time, declare dividends or distributions out of contributed surplus to be paid to 
the Shareholders according to their rights and interests, including such interim dividends as appear to the Board of 
Directors to be justified by the position of Aegon. The declaration and payment of interim dividends or distributions from 
contributed surplus shall not require approval by Resolution.
3.
The Board of Directors may also pay any fixed cash dividend which is payable on any shares of Aegon, half yearly or on such 
other dates, whenever the position of Aegon, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, justifies such payment.
4.
The holder of a Common Share shall be entitled to receive dividends, on a pari passu and pro rata basis based on 
the number of Common Shares outstanding from time to time, as and when declared by the Board of Directors on 
the Common Shares as a class.
5.
The holder of a Common Share B shall be entitled to receive dividends in an amount equal to one fortieth (1/40th) of 
the profits or reserves which the Board of Directors resolves to distribute to the holder of a Common Share, on a pari passu 
and pro rata basis based on the number of Common Shares B outstanding from time to time, as and when declared by, 
the Board of Directors on the Common Shares B as a class.
6.
The Board of Directors may withhold and deduct from any dividend, distribution or other monies payable to a Shareholder 
by Aegon on or in respect of any shares any applicable dividend withholding tax and all sums of money (if any) presently 
payable by him to Aegon on account of calls or otherwise in respect of shares of Aegon.
7.
No dividend, distribution, or other monies payable by Aegon on or in respect of any share shall bear interest against Aegon.8.
Any dividend or distribution out of contributed surplus unclaimed for a period of five (5) years from the date of declaration of 
such dividend or distribution shall be forfeited and shall revert to Aegon.
9.
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 251

[page 252]
Major shareholders
General
From December 31, 2025, Aegon's total authorized share capital consisted of 4,000,000,000 common shares with a par value 
of EUR 0.12 per share and 2,000,000,000 common shares B with a par value of EUR 0.12 per share. At the same date, there 
were 1,573,119,870 common shares and 335,830,640 common shares B issued. Of the issued common shares, 270,149,311 
common shares and 327,885,200 common shares B were held by Vereniging Aegon and no common shares were held by 
Aegon’s subsidiaries.
All of Aegon’s common shares and common shares B are fully paid and not subject to calls for additional payments of any 
kind. All of Aegon’s common shares are registered shares. New York Registry Shares (“NYRS”) are common shares and are 
traded at the New York Stock Exchange. Holders of NYRS hold their shares in the registered form issued by Aegon’s New York 
transfer agent on Aegon’s behalf. NYRS and shares listed at Euronext Amsterdam are exchangeable on a one-to-one basis 
and are entitled to the same rights, except that cash dividends are paid in US dollars on NYRS.
As of December 31, 2025, 212 million common shares were held in the form of NYRS. As of December 31, 2025, there were 
8,258 record holders of Aegon’s NYRS resident in the United States.
Vereniging Aegon
Vereniging Aegon is the continuation of the former mutual insurer AGO. In 1978, AGO demutualized and Vereniging AGO 
became the only shareholder of AGO Holding N.V., which was the holding company for its insurance operations. In 1983, 
AGO Holding N.V. and Ennia N.V. merged into Aegon N.V. Vereniging AGO initially received approximately 49% of the common 
shares and all the preferred shares in Aegon, giving it voting majority in Aegon. At that time, Vereniging AGO changed its name 
to Vereniging Aegon.
The main purpose of the Vereniging Aegon is a balanced representation of the direct and indirect interests of Aegon and of 
companies with which Aegon forms a group, of insured parties, employees, shareholders and other related parties of these 
companies. Influences that threaten the continuity, independence, or identity of Aegon, in conflict with the aforementioned 
interests, will be resisted as much as possible.
In accordance with the 1983 Amended Merger Agreement, Vereniging Aegon had certain option rights on preferred shares 
to prevent dilution of voting power as a result of share issuances by Aegon. This enabled Vereniging Aegon to maintain voting 
control at the General Meeting of Shareholders of Aegon. In September 2002, Aegon effected a capital restructuring whereby 
Vereniging Aegon’s ownership interest in Aegon’s common shares decreased from approximately 37% to approximately 12%, 
and its aggregate ownership interest in Aegon’s voting shares decreased from approximately 52% to approximately 33%.
In May 2003, Aegon’s shareholders approved certain changes to Aegon’s corporate governance structure, introducing a 
second class of preferred shares. Both classes of preferred shares had a nominal value of EUR 0.25 each. The voting rights 
pertaining to the preferred shares were adjusted accordingly to 25/12 vote per preferred share. However, in May 2003, Aegon 
and Vereniging Aegon also entered into a Preferred Shares Voting Agreement, pursuant to which Vereniging Aegon agreed 
to exercise one vote only per preferred share, except in the event of a "Special Cause" as defined below. At that time Aegon 
and Vereniging Aegon amended the option arrangements under the 1983 Amended Merger Agreement so that, in the event 
of an issuance of shares by Aegon, Vereniging Aegon could purchase as many class B preferred shares as would enable 
Vereniging Aegon to prevent or correct dilution to below its actual percentage of voting shares, to a maximum of 32,64%.
On February 15, 2013, Aegon and Vereniging Aegon entered into an agreement to simplify the capital structure of Aegon and 
to cancel all of Aegon’s preferred shares, of which Vereniging Aegon was the sole owner. The execution of this agreement 
was approved by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on May 15, 2013.
The simplified capital structure entailed, but was not limited to, the conversion of all outstanding preferred shares A and B, 
with a nominal value of EUR 0.25 each, into a mix of common shares and common shares B, with a nominal value of EUR 0.12 
each. The financial rights attached to a common share B were determined at 1/40th of the financial rights attached to a 
common share.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
252 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 253]
The simplified capital structure also entailed the amendment of the Voting Rights Agreement between Aegon and Vereniging 
Aegon, known as the Preferred Shares Voting Agreement before May 2013. The shares of both classes offer equal full voting 
rights, as they have equal nominal values (EUR 0.12). The amended Voting Rights Agreement ensures that under normal 
circumstances, except in the event of a Special Cause, Vereniging Aegon will not exercise more votes than is proportionate to 
the financial rights represented by its shares. This means that in the absence of a Special Cause Vereniging Aegon may cast 
one vote for every common share it holds and one vote only for every 40 common shares B it holds. As Special Cause 
qualifies inter alia the acquisition of a 15% interest in Aegon, a tender offer for Aegon shares or a proposed business 
combination by any person or group of persons, whether individually or as a group, other than in a transaction approved by the 
Board of Directors of Aegon, or any other circumstance in which, in the opinion of Vereniging Aegon, it not exercising the full 
voting power would seriously harm the interests of the Company and the business connected with it. If, in its sole discretion, 
Vereniging Aegon determines that a Special Cause has occurred, Vereniging Aegon will notify the General Meeting of 
Shareholders and retain its right to exercise the full voting power of one vote per common share B for a limited period of six 
months.
The simplified capital structure also included an amendment to the 1983 Amended Merger Agreement between Aegon and 
Vereniging Aegon. Following this 2013 amendment, Vereniging Aegon’s call option relates to common shares B. Vereniging 
Aegon may exercise its call option to keep or restore its total stake at 32.6%, irrespective of the circumstances that cause 
the total shareholding to be or become lower than 32.6%.
At the Extraordinary meeting of shareholders of Aegon N.V. on January 17, 2023, Vereniging Aegon voted on all of its shares 
in favor of Aegon N.V. divesting its business operations in the Netherlands to ASR Nederland N.V. for a cash consideration 
and a 29.99% share interest in ASR Nederland N.V 
On August 16, 2023, the members of Vereniging Aegon voted to instruct the board of Vereniging Aegon, subject to the board’s 
fiduciary duties, to vote all of Vereniging Aegon’s common shares and common shares B (based on one vote per 40 common 
shares B) at Aegon N.V.’s Extraordinary General meeting of September 29, 2023 and at Aegon S.A.’s extraordinary meeting of 
September 30, 2023 to vote in favor the change in legal domicile of Aegon from the Netherlands to Bermuda by means of 
the cross-border conversion of Aegon N.V. into Aegon S.A. and the subsequent cross-border conversion of Aegon S.A. into 
Aegon Ltd. (the “Redomiciliation”). Following such vote of the members of Vereniging Aegon, the board of Vereniging Aegon 
is obligated, pursuant to the terms of a voting undertaking agreement, dated June 29, 2023, between Aegon N.V. and 
Vereniging Aegon, and subject to the board’s fiduciary duties, to vote all of such shares in favor of the Redomiciliation. 
At the Extraordinary General Meeting of shareholders of Aegon N.V. on September 29, 2023 and on the Extraordinary 
General Meeting of shareholders of Aegon S.A. on September 30, 2023, Vereniging Aegon voted on all its shares in favor of 
the Redomiciliation.
On September 30, 2023, Aegon N.V. changed its legal domicile from the Netherlands to Bermuda and became Aegon Ltd. 
Following the Redomiciliation, the governance position of and arrangements with Vereniging Aegon remained materially 
unchanged. The existing arrangements between Aegon and  Vereniging Aegon continued under the Voting Rights Agreement 
and the Amended 1983 Merger Agreement as well as under Bermuda law and the bye-laws of Aegon.
On December 8, 2023, Aegon entered into a share repurchase agreement with Vereniging Aegon, pursuant to which 
Vereniging Aegon agreed to participate in the second and third tranche of Aegon’s 2023 1.535 billion Euro share buyback 
program for an aggregate consideration of EUR 139,5 million Euro equally distributed over the total number of trading days 
during the program whereby the number of shares repurchased has been determined based on the daily volume-weighted 
average price per common share on Euronext Amsterdam, resulting in Aegon repurchasing 24,842,939 shares from 
Vereniging Aegon in the 2023 EUR 1.535 billion share buyback program that ended on 28 June 2024.
On December 18, 2023, Aegon repurchased 112,619,440 common shares B from Vereniging Aegon for the amount of 
EUR 14,804,951.58 based on 1/40th of the Value Weighted Average Price of the common shares of the five trading days 
preceding this transaction. The repurchase of common shares B was executed to bring the aggregate holding of voting 
shares by Vereniging Aegon in Aegon more in line with its special cause voting rights of 32.6% following the completion 
of the share buy back programs, initiated by Aegon in July 2023 following the completion of the transaction with a.s.r.
On July 8, 2024, Aegon entered into a share repurchase agreement with Vereniging Aegon, pursuant to which Vereniging 
Aegon agreed to participate in Aegon’s 2024 200 million euro share buyback program for an aggregate consideration of 
EUR 37 million equally distributed over the total number of trading days during the program whereby the number of shares 
repurchased has been determined based on the daily volume-weighted average price per common share on Euronext 
Amsterdam, resulting in Aegon repurchasing 6,407,476 shares from Vereniging Aegon in the 2024 share buyback program 
that ended on December 13, 2024.
Major shareholders
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 253

[page 254]
On December 16, 2024, Aegon repurchased 36,371,440 common shares B from Vereniging Aegon for the amount of 
EUR 5,541,443.48 based on 1/40th of the Value Weighted Average Price of the common shares of the five trading days 
preceding this transaction. The repurchase of common shares B was executed to bring the aggregate holding of voting 
shares by Vereniging Aegon in Aegon in line with its special cause voting rights of 32.6% following the completion of 
the share buyback programs, initiated by Aegon in May 2024 and July 2023 following the Transaction.
On January 13, 2025, Aegon entered into a share  repurchase agreement with Vereniging Aegon, pursuant to which 
Vereniging Aegon participated pro-rata in the EUR 150 million buyback program based on its combined common shares 
and common shares B, for aggregate consideration of EUR 20 million. This is because the EUR 150 million buyback program 
included an amount of approximately EUR 40 million to meet Aegon's obligations resulting from the share-based 
compensation plans for its senior management. The participation of Vereniging Aegon in this share buyback program was 
equally distributed over the total number of trading days during the program whereby the number of shares repurchased has 
been determined based on the daily volume-weighted average price per common share on Euronext Amsterdam, resulting in 
Aegon repurchasing 3,336,760 common shares from Vereniging Aegon in the 2025 share buyback program that ended on 
June 30, 2025.
On July 1, 2025, Aegon entered into a share repurchase agreement with Vereniging Aegon, pursuant to which Vereniging 
Aegon agreed to participate in Aegon’s 2025 EUR 200 million share buyback program for an aggregate consideration of 
EUR 37 million.
On August 25, 2025, Aegon and Vereniging Aegon entered into an addendum to the share repurchase agreement entered into 
on July 1, 2025 to have Vereniging Aegon participate for an additional EUR 34 million in the additional EUR 200 million that has 
been added to Aegon’s existing EUR 200 million share buyback program that commenced on July 1, 2025. The aggregate 
participation in the amount of EUR 71 million of Vereniging Aegon in this share buyback program was equally distributed over 
the total number of trading days during the program whereby the number of shares repurchased has been determined based 
on the daily volume-weighted average price per common share on Euronext Amsterdam, resulting in Aegon repurchasing 
10,796,374 common shares from Vereniging Aegon in the EUR 400 million share buyback program that ended on December 
15, 2025.
On December 16, 2025, Aegon repurchased 17,557,160 common shares B from Vereniging Aegon for the amount of 
EUR 2,790,043.41 based on 1/40th of the Value Weighted Average Price of the common shares of the five trading days 
preceding this transaction. The repurchase of common shares B was executed to bring the aggregate holding of voting 
shares by Vereniging Aegon in Aegon in line with its special cause voting rights of 32.6% following the completion of the share 
buyback programs, initiated by Aegon in 2025.
Accordingly, on December 31, 2025, the voting power of Vereniging Aegon under normal circumstances amounted to 
approximately 18.4%, based on the number of outstanding and voting shares (excluding issued common shares held in 
treasury by Aegon). In the event of a Special Cause, Vereniging Aegon’s voting rights will increase, currently to 32.6%, 
for up to six months.
On January 12, 2026, Aegon announced a EUR 227 million share buyback, which includes EUR 27 million to meet Aegon's 
obligations resulting from its share-based compensation plans for senior management and is expected to be completed 
by June 30, 2026 barring unforeseen circumstances. 
On January 12, 2026, Aegon has entered into an agreement with its largest shareholder, Vereniging Aegon, to participate in 
the new EUR 227 million share buyback. Vereniging Aegon will participate pro-rata in the share buyback based on its combined 
common shares and common shares B which represent about 18.4% of the total shareholders' voting rights that are currently 
exercisable. This results in a buyback amount of EUR 37 million. The number of common shares that Aegon will repurchase 
from Vereniging Aegon will be determined based on the daily volume-weighted average price per common share on Euronext 
Amsterdam.
Vereniging Aegon - Members and Executive Committee
On December 31, 2025, the General Meeting of Members of Vereniging Aegon consisted of 14 members. The majority of 
the voting rights is with the 12 members who are not employees or former employees of Aegon or one of the Aegon Group 
companies, nor current or former members of the Supervisory Board or the Executive Board of Aegon N.V. or of the Board of 
Directors of Aegon Ltd. The other two members are the Executive Director of the Board of Aegon and a member of Aegon's 
Executive Committee.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
254 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 255]
Vereniging Aegon has an Executive Committee consisting of seven members, five of whom are not, nor have ever been, 
related to Aegon, including the Chairman and the Vice-Chairman. The other two members are the Executive Director of 
the Board of Aegon and a member of Aegon's Executive Committee. Resolutions of the Executive Committee, other than 
a limited number of matters specified in the articles of association of Vereniging Aegon , are made with an absolute majority 
of the votes. When a vote in the Executive Committee results in a tie, the Chairman has the deciding vote, or when absent, 
the Vice-Chairman. If both the Chairman and Vice-Chairman are absent, the resolution shall be deemed not adopted if the 
votes tie. Regarding the amendment of the Articles of Association of Vereniging Aegon, a special procedure involves a 
unanimous proposal from the Executive Committee, thereby including the consent of the representatives of Aegon at the 
Executive Committee. This requirement does not apply in the event of a hostile change of control at the General Meeting of 
Shareholders of Aegon, in which event Vereniging Aegon may amend its Articles of Association without the cooperation of 
Aegon. Furthermore, the two members who are representatives of Aegon at the Executive Committee have no voting rights 
on several decisions that relate to Aegon, as set out in the internal rules of Vereniging Aegon.
Other major shareholders
In this section, where reference is made to any filings with the Dutch Autoriteit Financiële Markten (AFM) or the US Securities 
and Exchange Commission (SEC), the terms “issued capital” and "voting rights" are used as defined in the Wet op het 
Financieel Toezicht.
To Aegon’s knowledge and based on the filings made with the AFM and SEC as per February 27, 2026, and in addition to 
Vereniging Aegon, BlackRock, Dodge & Cox, Norges, and Capital Research and Management Company hold a capital or 
voting interest in Aegon of 3% or more.
Based on its filing with the AFM on December 15, 2025, BlackRock, Inc. stated to hold 88,901,664 common shares, 
representing 4.7% of the issued capital on December 31, 2025, and 100,451,022 voting rights, representing 5.3% 
of the issued capital on December 31, 2025.
Per January 21, 2026, BlackRock, Inc.’s filing with the SEC shows that BlackRock held 84,994,771 common shares, 
representing 4.5% of the issued capital on December 31, 2025, and voting rights for 78,408,449 shares, representing 4.1% 
of the issued capital on December 31, 2025.
Based on its filing with the AFM on December 29, 2025, Dodge & Cox stated to hold 93,893,006 voting rights, representing 
4.9% of the issued capital on December 31, 2025.
Per February 13, 2026, Dodge & Cox’s filing with the SEC shows that Dodge & Cox held 93,469,947 common shares, 
representing 4.9% of the issued capital on December 31, 2025, and voting rights for 89,995,507 shares, representing 4.7% 
of the issued capital on December 31, 2025.
Based on its filing with the AFM on November 5, 2024, Norges Bank stated to hold 63,023,416 common shares and voting 
rights, representing 3.3% of the issued capital on December 31, 2025.
Per January 27, 2026, Norges Bank’s filing with the SEC shows that Norges Bank held 88,813,381 common shares, 
representing 4.7% of the issued capital on December 31, 2025, and voting rights for 86,853,561 shares, representing 4.5% 
of the issued capital on December 31, 2025.
Based on its filing with the AFM on April 22, 2025, Capital Research and Management Company stated to hold 59,004,301 
voting rights, representing 3.1% of the issued capital on December 31, 2025.
Major shareholders
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 255

[page 256]
Additional information
Overview of Americas
Aegon Americas operates in the United States and Canada.
In the United States, Aegon Americas operates primarily under two brands: Transamerica and World Financial Group (WFG). 
In Canada, it conducts business primarily through the WFG brand. The use of the term "Transamerica" throughout this business 
overview refers to the operating subsidiaries in the United States and Canada, collectively or individually, through which 
Aegon conducts business, except those United States operations described in the Overview of Aegon Asset Management.
Transamerica is a leading life insurance company in the United States, and the largest of Aegon's operating units worldwide. 
Transamerica employs approximately 7,200 people, and its businesses in the United States serve customers in all 50 states, 
the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the US Virgin Islands, and Guam. The company’s primary offices are in Cedar Rapids, 
Iowa; Denver, Colorado; Baltimore, Maryland; and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. There are additional offices located throughout 
the United States.
On December 10, 2025, Aegon announced its intention to relocate its headquarters and its legal seat to the United States. 
Aegon will be renamed Transamerica Inc. upon completion of the transition, which Aegon aims to conclude by January 1, 2028
Organizational structure
Transamerica Corporation is the holding company for Aegon’s US and Canadian operations, and all US and Canadian business 
is conducted through its subsidiaries. Transamerica entities collectively operate in every US state, the District of Columbia, 
Puerto Rico, the US Virgin Islands, Guam, and Canada.
Transamerica provides insurance and financial products for a range of customer needs at various stages of life, including 
financial protection, savings, and investment solutions. Transamerica leverages its brand strength, expertise, and capabilities 
to fulfill Aegon's purpose of helping people live their best lives.
Transamerica's businesses are classified as either Strategic Assets or Financial Assets.
Strategic Assets are considered to have a greater potential for an attractive return on capital and growth. Transamerica’s 
Strategic Assets are organized into three business segments: Distribution, which mostly consists of WFG, Protection 
Solutions, and Savings & Investments. Generally, non-risk-bearing businesses are part of Savings & Investments, while 
Protection Solutions and Financial Assets encompass the insurance businesses. The Savings & Investment business segment 
includes Retirement Plans, Mutual Funds, and Stable Value Solutions. The Protection Solutions business segment includes 
the Annuities, Individual Life, Individual Health, and Life and Health (Employee Benefits) lines of business. Transamerica offers 
these product lines, described in greater detail below, through several distribution and sales channels and provides insurance 
primarily through its key insurance subsidiaries Transamerica Life Insurance Company and, in New York, Transamerica 
Financial Life Insurance Company.
Several Transamerica product lines are considered Financial Assets. Financial Assets are capital-intensive assets with 
relatively low returns on capital employed. They are generally “closed blocks” no longer being offered for sale. Transamerica 
is actively managing variable annuities with interest rate sensitive riders, fixed annuities - including Single Premium Group 
Annuities (SPGAs), the legacy universal life insurance book, and long-term care insurance portfolios (LTC) as Financial Assets. 
New sales for Financial Assets, if any, are limited and focused on products with higher returns and a moderate risk profile.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
256 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 257]
Overview of sales and distribution channels
Transamerica offers insurance and financial products and services through affiliated and non-affiliated distributors. Various 
sales channels support the Strategic Assets business, further split into Protection Solutions and Savings & Investments.
Transamerica’s Distribution business segment consists of WFG, a wholly owned subsidiary with agencies in the United States 
and Canada, a mutual fund dealer in Canada, and Transamerica Financial Advisors, a United States dually registered broker- 
dealer and investment advisor. WFG provides unique, differentiated access to the underserved Main Street market. WFG 
independent agents are diverse across age, gender, ethnicity, and background to align with the customers they serve. 
Transamerica’s market share in WFG Distribution in the US is above 66% for life insurance products in 2025, an increase from 
the 63% observed throughout 2024. This growth is built on an enhanced service experience for WFG agents and quality 
products tailored to Main Street America. Transamerica does not offer proprietary products in Canada.
Savings & Investments
Transamerica distributes its retirement products and services to employers and works closely with plan advisors and third- 
party administrators to serve customers. In addition, the unit’s Advice Center deploys a team of experienced registered 
representatives, investment advisor representatives, and licensed insurance agents to serve group plan participants and 
assist with individual retirement accounts (IRA) and retirement portfolio management.
The Retirement Plan business aims to increase profitability by growing assets in the General Account Stable Value annuities 
and IRAs and delivering managed advice and other ancillary products and services.
Transamerica distributes its Mutual Fund solutions through wholesaling agreements with intermediary banks, wirehouse 
brokerage firms, and independent broker-dealers through its wholesale broker-dealer, Transamerica Capital, LLC (TCL).
Protection Solutions
Annuity products – registered index-linked annuities (RILAs) and variable annuities (excluding those with interest rate sensitive 
riders managed as part of Financial Assets) - are marketed by Transamerica’s wholesale distribution teams to registered 
representatives at wirehouse brokerage firms and banks through its wholesale broker-dealer, TCL, as well as through 
independent broker-dealers.
Life Insurance products are marketed through Transamerica’s wholesale distribution teams to WFG life licensed independent 
agents, Transamerica Agency Network agents (TAN), and other independent agents.
Transamerica Life and Health (Employee Benefits) solutions are marketed by Transamerica’s wholesale distribution teams 
(Commercial Broker Markets and Wholesale Markets teams) to general agents, agents, brokers, and third-party distributors 
that specialize in employee benefit programs. These distributors then offer these solutions to their employer, union, and 
association clients. They serve as the gateway to working Americans who purchase these programs to enhance the 
underlying employer sponsored and contributory benefit plans such as group major medical, disability, and life insurance.
Transamerica is continuing to invest in its product manufacturing capabilities and has built an operating model to position its 
Life Insurance and Annuity businesses for further growth in Main Street America with expanded distribution by third parties.
Overview of business lines
Savings & Investments
Transamerica’s Savings & Investments business unit includes Retirement Plans, Mutual Funds, and Stable Value Solutions.
Retirement Plans
Comprehensive and customized retirement plan services are offered to employers across the entire range of defined benefit, 
defined contribution, and non-qualified deferred compensation plans for single-employer plans, multiple-employer plans 
(MEPs), and pooled-employer plans (PEPs). Services are also offered to individuals rolling over funds from other qualified 
retirement funds or IRAs.
Retirement plan services, including administration, record-keeping and related services are offered to employers of all sizes 
and to plans across all market segments. Transamerica also works closely with plan advisors and third-party administrators 
to serve its customers.
Overview of Americas
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 257

[page 258]
Plan sponsors have access to a wide array of investment options, including Collective Investment Trusts (CITs) offered by 
Transamerica Trust Company and general account stable value group annuity contracts offered by Transamerica Life 
Insurance Company or, in New York, Transamerica Financial Life Insurance Company. Tools are provided to help plan 
participants monitor their retirement accounts and engage in behavior to stay on track toward a funded retirement. Managed 
Advice® is a managed account option that plan sponsors can make available to participants that provides investment advice 
to participants using a plan's slate of funds.
For individuals, retirement-related services and products include IRAs, advisory services, and annuities, as well as access 
to other financial and insurance products and resources.
Mutual funds (and Collective Investment Trusts (CITs))
Mutual funds are professionally managed investment vehicles comprised of pooled money invested by numerous individuals 
or institutions. Such funds are invested in various underlying security types such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments, 
and other securities. Transamerica offers mutual funds that are focused on several different asset classes, including US 
equity, global/international equity, fixed income, money markets, and alternative investments, as well as asset allocation and 
target-date funds with combined equity and fixed income strategies. Transamerica mutual funds use the portfolio 
management expertise of asset managers across the industry in a sub-advised platform, which are both affiliated with and not 
affiliated with Aegon. These managers are subject to a rigorous selection and monitoring due diligence process conducted by 
Transamerica Asset Management.
A CIT is a pooled investment fund, held by a bank or trust company, like Transamerica Trust Company, and is generally 
available only to certain types of retirement plans and other institutional investors. Transamerica Asset Management serves 
as the advisor to some of the CITs Transamerica offers, which focus on several different asset classes, including US equity, 
international equity, and fixed income. Transamerica also leverages the portfolio management expertise of asset managers 
across the industry.
Effective January 1, 2026, Transamerica Asset Management was aligned under Aegon Asset Management and as such, will be 
included in Aegon Asset Management’s overview going forward.
Stable Value Solutions
Transamerica’s Stable Value Solutions business offers synthetic guaranteed investment contracts (GICs) primarily to tax- 
qualified institutional entities such as 401(k) plans and other retirement plans and education savings plans. A synthetic GIC 
"wrapper" is offered around fixed-income invested assets, which are owned by the plan and managed by the plan or a third- 
party money manager hired by the plan. A synthetic GIC is typically issued with an evergreen maturity and may be terminated 
under certain conditions. Such a contract helps to reduce fluctuations in the value of the wrapped assets and provides book- 
value withdrawals for plan participants.
Protection Solutions
Transamerica’s Protection Solutions division includes the Annuities, Individual Life, Life and Health (Employee Benefits), and 
Individual Health lines of business.
Individual Life
Term life insurance
Term life insurance provides death benefit protection without cash value accumulation. Benefits are paid to policy 
beneficiaries in the event of the death of the insured during a specified period. Living benefit riders that provide accelerated 
death benefits for an insured’s critical illness or chronic condition are available on certain term life insurance policies.
Indexed universal life insurance
Indexed universal life (IUL) insurance provides death benefit protection until the policy maturity age and cash value 
accumulation with flexible premium payments. What distinguishes it from other types of traditional life insurance is the way 
in which interest earnings are credited. Net premiums may be allocated to either a fixed account or indexed accounts. 
Indexed accounts credit interest based in part on the performance of one or more market indices. The credited interest is 
based on the performance of an index, but with a floor and a cap. IUL offers both market-paced growth potential in the indexed 
accounts and downside protection. LTC riders and other living benefit riders are available on IUL products.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
258 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 259]
Whole life insurance
Whole life (WL) insurance provides death benefit protection until the policy maturity age, provided that the required premiums 
are paid while accumulating cash values based on statutory requirements. Premiums are generally fixed and usually payable 
over the life of the policy. Among the WL insurance products offered is final expense WL insurance, which is intended to cover 
the insured’s end-of-life medical bills and burial expenses.
Variable universal life insurance
Variable universal life (VUL) insurance is securities-registered life insurance that offers death-benefit protection until the 
policy maturity age and cash value accumulation potential with financial market participation. The premium amount for VUL 
insurance is flexible and may be changed by the policy owner within contract limits. Coverage amounts may change as well. 
The investment feature usually includes “sub-accounts,” which provide exposure to underlying investments, such as stocks 
and bonds. This exposure increases cash value return potential but also the risk of additional premium requirements or lower 
coverage amounts in comparison with a traditional, non-variable life insurance policy. Transamerica stopped selling VUL 
insurance in New York in 2017 and outside of New York in 2018.
Life and Health (Employee Benefits)
Transamerica provides a suite of employer-sponsored life insurance programs offered in the workplace through payroll 
deduction to employees and their families. These employee benefit plans offer protection during the employees’ working 
years and into retirement, as they often can be continued/ported. These offerings include employer-sponsored group life 
and supplemental life insurance products (term life, whole life, universal life). Transamerica is a top-five provider of these 
programs in the US.
Health employee benefit plans offer accident and health products, including accidental death and dismemberment (AD&D), 
disability, and supplemental health insurance products (accident, cancer, critical illness, disability, executive medical, hospital 
indemnity, medical expense (gap), and retiree medical). These supplemental health benefits are designed to help fill gaps 
created by high-deductible health plans and unexpected medical emergencies.
Individual Health
Supplemental health insurance products (as described above) within Individual Health are managed as a closed in-force block.
Annuities
Registered Index-Linked Annuities (RILAs)
Transamerica began selling RILAs in 2022. RILAs offer tax-deferred long-term savings options that limit exposure to downside 
risk and provide the opportunity for growth. The opportunity for growth is based, in part, on the performance of stock market 
indices. RILAs offer tax-deferred growth potential, annual free withdrawal amounts, and an option to convert the annuity into 
a stream of income for retirement or for other long-term financial needs. RILA owners do not invest directly in the underlying 
index. Premiums are invested at Transamerica’s discretion as outlined in the contract, and the owner receives index-linked 
crediting, which can be positive or negative. The owner accepts a level of risk of market loss in exchange for higher upside 
potential.
Variable Annuities
Transamerica offers a suite of securities-registered Variable Annuities (VA) with optional Living Benefits, which can provide 
protection from market losses for principal and earnings, plus the potential for uncapped investment growth and income 
for life. While Transamerica continues to offer certain VAs, it has discontinued sales of VAs with significant interest rate- 
sensitive living and death benefits and now manages that business as a Financial Asset.
Fixed Index Annuities
Fixed index annuities allow the contract holder to accumulate assets for retirement on a tax-deferred basis through periodic 
interest crediting and principal protection. Transamerica has stopped new sales of fixed index annuities. Transamerica 
stopped receiving premium deposits on fixed index annuities in 2022.
Overview of Americas
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 259

[page 260]
Financial Assets
Universal life insurance
Universal life (UL) insurance is flexible life insurance that offers death benefit protection until the policy maturity age, together 
with the potential for cash value accumulation. After the first few years, there is usually no set premium. The policy owner can 
adjust the frequency and amount of premium payments, if sufficient premiums are accumulated in the policy’s account value 
to cover charges in the month that follows, which are called "monthly deductions." Some versions of this product, which are 
not actively sold, have "secondary guarantees." These maintain life insurance coverage even when the cash value is 
insufficient, if the customer pays a specified minimum premium.
Long-term care insurance
LTC insurance products are designed to provide in-home, or in-facility care for people with chronic medical conditions, 
disabilities, or disorders such as Alzheimer’s disease. LTC insurance helps protect against the high cost of LTC services, 
and it may also help families better manage the financial, health, and safety issues associated with individuals requiring LTC 
services. Transamerica offers an LTC rider on certain life insurance products but stopped offering standalone LTC products 
in 2021.
Variable Annuities
Variable Annuities (VAs) in Financial Assets allow the contract holder to accumulate assets for retirement on a tax-deferred 
basis and to participate in equity or bond market performance. Optional guarantees are offered through riders that can be 
added to a contract for an additional fee. VA riders include guaranteed minimum death benefits (GMDBs) and guaranteed 
living benefits (GLBs). GMDBs provide a guaranteed benefit in the event of the annuitant’s death. GLBs provide a measure of 
protection against market risk while the annuitant is living. Different forms of GLBs are available, offering a guaranteed income 
stream for life and/or guaranteeing principal protection. While Transamerica continues to offer certain VAs, it discontinued 
sales of VAs with significant interest rate-sensitive living and death benefits during 2021.
Fixed Annuities (including SPGAs)
Fixed annuities allow the contract holder to accumulate assets for retirement on a tax-deferred basis through periodic fixed 
interest crediting and principal protection. Transamerica stopped being active in fixed annuities in 2008, and all contract 
holders are now outside the surrender charge period.
Competition
The US marketplace is highly competitive. Transamerica's competitors include other large insurance carriers, in addition to 
certain banks, securities brokerage firms, investment advisors, and other financial intermediaries marketing insurance, 
annuities, and mutual funds.
In individual life insurance, leading competitors include Pacific Life, Lincoln National, Prudential Financial, John Hancock, 
National Life, Nationwide, Mutual of Omaha, and Corebridge Financial. Competitors for supplemental health insurance include 
a wide range of companies and company types based on the nature of the coverage, including Aflac, MetLife, Colonial Life, 
Allstate, Unum, and Guardian Life.
In the registered index-linked annuity (RILA) market, Transamerica’s top competitors and the largest issuers are Equitable 
Financial, Brighthouse Financial, Prudential Financial, Allianz Life, and Lincoln National. New RILA entrants to the space include 
Corebridge Financial and Pacific Life. In the variable annuity market, Jackson National, Equitable Financial, Nationwide, Lincoln 
National, Corebridge Financial, and Pacific Life are top competitors.
Some of Transamerica’s main competitors in the mutual fund market include John Hancock, Hartford Funds, Lord Abbett, 
PGIM, and Touchstone.
In the defined contribution plan administration market, Transamerica’s largest competitors (based on assets under 
administration) are Fidelity, Empower, TIAA, Vanguard, Alight, Principal Financial, and Voya. In the Retirement Plan space, 
Principal Financial Group and Voya are two peers that are most comparable, as both firms have a similar strategy of growing 
core recordkeeping business which helps accelerate placement of ancillary solutions, including proprietary assets, Individual 
Retirement Accounts (IRAs), and managed advice.
In the market for synthetic guaranteed investment contracts (GICs), Transamerica’s Stable Value Solutions business, 
the largest competitors are Prudential Financial, MetLife, Voya, MassMutual, Pacific Life, and Corebridge Financial.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
260 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 261]
Within WFG, the main competitors on the life insurance side are Pacific Life and Nationwide. Most of WFG’s annuity sales are 
in fixed indexed annuities and fixed annuities, which Transamerica does not offer. As a retail distributor, WFG’s primary 
competitor is Primerica.
Regulation and supervision
Transamerica's insurance companies are regulated primarily at the state level. Some activities, products, and services 
are also subject to federal regulation.
State and provincial regulation
Transamerica’s insurance companies are licensed and regulated in each US state and jurisdiction in which they conduct 
insurance business. The insurance regulators in each state carry out their mission by providing oversight in the broad areas 
of consumer protection, market conduct, and financial solvency.
Transamerica's largest insurance company, Transamerica Life Insurance Company, is domiciled in Iowa, and the Iowa 
Insurance Division exercises principal regulatory jurisdiction over it. Iowa is Transamerica’s designated lead state, giving 
Iowa a coordinating role in the collective supervision of Transamerica’s insurance entities.
In the areas of licensing and market conduct, states grant or revoke licenses to transact insurance business, regulate trade, 
advertising, and marketing practices, approve policy forms and certain premium rates, review and approve new products 
and features, and certain rates prior to sale, address consumer complaints, and perform market conduct examinations on 
both a regular and targeted basis.
In the area of financial regulation, state regulators implement and oversee statutory reserve and minimum risk-based capital 
requirements. Insurance companies are also subject to extensive reporting requirements, investment limitations, and required 
approval of significant transactions. State regulators conduct extensive financial examinations of insurers every three to five 
years.
State regulators can impose a variety of corrective measures, including the revocation of an insurer’s license and financial 
penalties for failure to comply with applicable regulations. All state insurance regulators are members of the National 
Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC), an association that works to achieve uniformity and efficiency of insurance 
regulation across the United States and US territories.
The NAIC and state regulators are reviewing how changes in the insurance industry are affecting investments and reinsurance 
practices. For investments, they are looking at how insurers are using more private, complex, and less liquid assets to improve 
returns. Regulators are assessing whether current capital requirements accurately reflect the risks of these assets and 
whether those risks are being properly managed.
With respect to reinsurance, regulators are focusing on offshore arrangements that involve large amounts of assets and are 
often used to manage capital more efficiently. To strengthen oversight, the NAIC now requires insurers to conduct actuarial 
testing of reserves held by reinsurers in certain transactions to ensure those reserves are adequate.
The NAIC is also working to improve its Risk-Based Capital (RBC) framework, which helps determine how much capital 
insurers need to remain financially sound. A group of commissioners is reviewing the RBC system to clarify principles and 
identify shortcomings, which could lead to future updates. The NAIC is also considering changes to how RBC accounts for risk 
diversification and is updating capital requirements for annuities in conjunction with a new economic scenario modeling tool.
In addition, the NAIC is updating privacy and data protection rules. The goal is to create a new framework that states can adopt 
to better safeguard consumer information. The NAIC is developing a tool to help regulators evaluate how insurers use 
artificial intelligence (AI) and is considering a new model law for AI. This law could replace an existing bulletin that has already 
been adopted by about half of the states.
WFG and its independent agents are primarily subject to US state and Canadian provincial and territorial law and regulation, 
most significantly in the areas of licensing, recordkeeping, privacy, market conduct, and agent status as independent 
contractors. In Canada, the Federal Services Regulatory Authority of Ontario has proposed a wide-ranging managing general 
agent rule that would impose additional requirements on WFG and certain of its agents, strategic relationships, and service 
providers. The most recent comment period on this regulation ended in November 2025. In addition, the New Jersey Labor 
Department has proposed new rules intending to update the definition of who is considered an independent contractor in 
that state, which in its current form, would make it difficult for independent insurance agents to maintain their status as such. 
The public comment period on the proposal expired in July 2025.
Overview of Americas
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 261

[page 262]
Federal regulation
Although the insurance and retirement-related directed trustee and CIT business is primarily regulated at the state level, 
securities products, and retirement plans products and services are also subject to federal regulation by the Securities 
and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Department of Labor (DOL), respectively.
Variable life insurance, VAs, RILAs, and mutual funds offered by Transamerica are subject to regulation under the federal 
securities laws administered and enforced by the SEC. The distribution and sale of SEC-registered products by broker-dealers 
is regulated by the SEC, the self-regulating organization Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), and state securities 
regulators. Broker-dealers and their representatives are subject to the SEC’s Regulation Best Interest (Regulation BI), which 
establishes a “best interest” standard of conduct for broker-dealers when making a recommendation to a retail customer and 
requires potential conflicts of interest to be disclosed. Forty-nine states have adopted an NAIC model law that imposes similar 
standards as Regulation BI for the sale of fixed and variable annuities. The only state not to adopt the model is New York which 
passed its own regulation (NY Regulation 187) that requires all recommendations for life insurance and annuities be based on 
the “best interest” of the customer. A number of Transamerica companies are also registered as investment advisors. 
Investment advisors owe a fiduciary duty to clients and are regulated by the SEC.
In 2024, the SEC adopted new rules that would have required corporate issuers to disclose climate-related risks that are 
reasonably likely to have a material impact on its business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. However, 
the implementation of these rules has been stayed pending the resolution of related legal proceedings. Further, in 2025 
the SEC voted to end its defense of the rule. The SEC also withdrew its proposed rules concerning the use of predictive data 
analytic tools by broker-dealers and investment advisers.
In 2024, the DOL released a new rule (the Retirement Security Rule) expanding the definition of a fiduciary in the context 
of providing investment advice under ERISA, as amended, and imposing new requirements on those fiduciaries; however, 
the DOL faced consolidated court cases challenging the rule. The DOL withdrew its defense of the rule in the court cases 
in November 2025.
Information security and privacy regulations
Transamerica’s businesses are regulated with respect to information security, data breach response, privacy, and data use at 
the federal, state, and in some cases, local levels. At the federal level, various Transamerica companies are subject to the 
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA), the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability 
Act (HIPAA), among other laws. At the state level, the various departments of insurance and other agencies typically 
administer a series of privacy and information security laws and regulations that impact several Transamerica businesses. 
In addition, numerous state legislatures have passed or have attempted to pass more broad-based general consumer privacy 
laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, which is administered and enforced by the California Privacy Protection 
Agency (CPPA). Regulations addressing cybersecurity audits, automated decision-making technologies, and risk assessments, 
as well as updates to existing CCPA sections, have been approved by the CPPA in 2025 and will go into effect in stages over 
the next several years. States continue to introduce legislation on these topics, and states that have previously passed laws 
continue to evolve their laws with amendments. For example, in November 2023, the New York Department of Financial 
Services (NYDFS) amended its Part 500 Cybersecurity Rules to adopt heightened information security requirements in 
relation to areas such as cybersecurity governance, cybersecurity risk assessments, and incident reporting. The timeline to 
comply with the Amendment was a phased approach, which started on December 1, 2023, and ended on November 1, 2025. 
The White House, SEC, FTC, and other governmental bodies have also increased their focus on companies’ cybersecurity 
vulnerabilities and risks, including in relation to third-party service providers. The SEC adopted the Cybersecurity Risk 
Management, Strategy, Governance, and Incident Disclosure by Public Companies on July 26, 2023 (the “Rule”). The Rule 
enhanced and standardized disclosures for public companies with regard to their cybersecurity risk strategy, management, 
and governance. The Rule also required the reporting of a cybersecurity incident within four business days of determining 
that an incident is deemed material and established disclosure requirements for Foreign Private Issuers (FPIs) parallel to 
those of publicly traded domestic insurers in Form 8-K and Form 10-K. The SEC also amended Regulation S-P, the 
implementing regulation for GLBA for broker-dealers, investment companies, registered investment advisers, and transfer 
agents. The amendment includes requirements related to incident response programs, customer notifications of data 
breaches, service provider oversight, and similar related matters. The amendment was effective as of December 2025.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
262 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 263]
Overview of United Kingdom
Aegon UK’s ambition is to become a champion in the UK savings and retirements 
market through the provision of a broad range of savings, investment, and 
retirement solutions products to individuals, advisers, and employers.
Aegon UK’s growth is driven by its inter-connected business model comprising a workplace platform and an adviser platform 
and supported by its own advice channel. The platform business delivers a range of propositions, seeking to partner with 
intermediaries in the delivery of services.
This model is complemented by a traditional products insurance business of products that are no longer actively marketed 
and an institutional trading platform. Aegon UK’s focus is on investing in its growth channels to create a more modern digital 
business whilst leveraging the potential of its inter-connected business model and engaging more directly with customers 
to support consolidation and retention, to and through retirement.
Aegon UK actively trades with over 3,500 adviser firms and around 9,000 employers, giving it a total of 3.8 million customers 
and GBP 246 billion assets under administration (AUA) as at December 31, 2025.
Aegon UK employs over 2,800 people and its main offices are in Edinburgh, Farnborough, London, Peterborough, and Witham.
Aegon’s strategy to transform Aegon UK into a leading digital savings and retirement platform continues to make good 
progress and the business remains a reliable and growing source of revenues for the Group. In the context of our stronger 
focus on the US, Aegon announced at its Capital Markets Day 2025 that it will begin a strategic review of Aegon UK to assess 
the best way to accelerate and maximize value for all stakeholders. In this review, all options will be evaluated, including a 
potential divestment.
Organizational structure
Aegon UK plc is Aegon's holding company in the United Kingdom. It was registered as a public limited company in 
December 1998. The leading operating subsidiaries, which all operate under the Aegon brand, are:
 Scottish Equitable plc
 Cofunds Limited
 Aegon Investment Solutions Limited
 Aegon Investments Limited
 Origen Financial Services Limited
Overview of sales and distribution
Aegon UK operates an interconnected business model with three growth franchises: the Workplace platform, the Adviser 
platform, and the Advice franchise and two other businesses: Traditional products and the Institutional Platform.
Aegon UK works with those employers and advisers to deliver an online experience for customers. The platform is designed 
to support customers throughout their lives as needs evolve by providing a comprehensive range of savings and investment 
products, moving with them each time they change employers, and allowing them to engage with different advisers.
This single set of products gives Aegon UK the flexibility required to support the modern, complex lives customers are living 
to and through retirement.
Aegon UK is investing to capitalize on its strong positions in the workplace and adviser platform markets and complements 
this by investing in its own advice channel to be able to drive value through the existing customer base.
Aegon UK has also developed Mylo as its new digital experience and app with the aim of transforming customer outcomes. 
Mylo will deliver personalized education, guidance and advice to customers focused on key moments in their life, seeking 
to position Aegon as a one stop shop for all their savings needs. Mylo is already recognized as an award winning innovation 
in the market and has been made available to 1 million Aegon customers so far with the aim to give access to 2 million 
by the end of 2026.
Overview of United Kingdom
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 263

[page 264]
Workplace platform channel
The Workplace platform channel provides UK-based employers with pensions and savings schemes. It allows Aegon UK to 
participate in the strongly growing auto-enrolment market cost-effectively acquiring around 280,000 new individual scheme 
members per year (based on a three-year average).
Aegon UK serves the workplace platform market via three distribution channels/propositions. Medium-sized employers 
are served via corporate and retail advisers, large companies are served through Employee Benefit Consultants, and 
the partnership with Aon on their Mastertrust provides access to the largest corporate clients.
Employers are provided with an easy-to-use administration interface and market-leading capabilities such as Member Insights 
to help them unlock the value of their scheme. Employees are provided with a targeted and personalized approach to 
communication via Mylo and underpinned by best-of-breed capabilities in education (Pension Geeks), guidance (Aegon Assist), 
and advice (Origen Financial Services Limited (Origen)).
Adviser platform channel
The Adviser platform channel gives financial advisers access to long-term savings and retirement products through an open 
architecture technology platform offering over 4,000 funds. It aims to capitalize on the strong demand for advice, especially 
within the growing affluent population nearing and in retirement. The aim is to create a primary platform relationship, which 
positions Aegon UK to receive the majority of new business flows from the adviser partner.
Aegon UK’s focus is on meeting the needs of its "target 500" advisers. This is underpinned by:
 
The differentiated proposition of offering a single platform for advisers wishing to serve both Workplace arrangements 
and individual savings for employees and their families.
 An acceleration in the pace of change following the launch of the new digital front-end experience - ADX (Aegon digital 
experience) in 2024. 2025 has seen developments in core customer journeys, client reporting and the launch of new 
products (including Junior SIPP and additional offshore bond partners) supporting the building momentum in trading.
Advice channel
Aegon UK has an established advisory business in Origen serving around 80,000 customers, which is a critical element 
of its workplace proposition providing employees with access to guidance and advice through their employer. It comprises 
two channels:
 Origen, a holistic advice capability with over 50 advisers providing services to high-net-worth clients and also servicing 
a number of corporate partnerships on complex areas; and
 Aegon Financial Planning, an advice channel acquired from the Nationwide Building Society (NBS) in 2024, with 138 advisers 
providing advice to the mass market and including an introducer arrangement for those advisers to continue to provide 
services to NBS customers.
Traditional products
Aegon UK manages a traditional products portfolio comprising two main elements:
 A Defined Contribution pensions administration business with 1.2 million customers and GBP 32 billion Assets Under 
Administration. Whilst not open to new schemes, this business remains open to new members from existing schemes. 
Regular outflows from members are partially offset by anticipated market growth and contributions from continuing 
and new scheme members; and
 A small annuity book that is running off.
Institutional platform
Aegon UK offers an institutional trading and custody platform to around 20 firms.
Competition
Aegon UK is well positioned for growth, possessing leading positions in the markets it operates in with strong growth potential. 
Aegon UK is unique in the way it supports intermediaries wishing to operate across workplace and individual advice, providing 
an end-to-end customer experience.
In the workplace platform market, Aegon UK provides employee benefits, engagement, and scheme governance. Competitors 
include Aviva, Legal & General, and Willis Towers Watson.
In the adviser platform market, Aegon UK aims to become the "primary platform" for intermediaries. Competitors include Aviva, 
Quilter, and Aberdeen.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
264 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 265]
UK Stewardship Code
During 2025, Aegon UK was accepted as a signatory to the Financial Reporting Council’s UK Stewardship Code for the third 
time. Being accepted to join the UK Stewardship Code is a significant achievement, and further demonstrates Aegon UK’s 
commitment to being a responsible business. The UK Stewardship Code is a set of voluntary principles that aim to improve 
the quality of stewardship practices by asset owners, managers, and service providers. To become a signatory, organizations 
must clearly demonstrate that they have exercised effective stewardship over the previous 12 months through good 
governance and active engagement, which has helped to generate long-term positive impacts for the economy, the 
environment, and/or society.
Mansion House Accord
Aegon UK was among the 17 signatories to the Mansion House Accord which is a voluntary expression of intent to commit 
a minimum 10% allocation to private markets across all main Defined Contribution default funds, by 2030 with at least 5% of 
the total going to UK private markets. In 2025, we launched a further two Long-Term Asset Funds providing exposure to private 
markets within the Universal Balanced Collection with Assets Under Management of GBP 13 billion. These changes are 
designed to create improved outcomes for over 700,000 members currently invested in the Universal Balanced Collection 
fund and aim to provide better risk-adjusted returns and value for money, offering access to a wider range of responsible 
investment opportunities.
Regulation and supervision
All relevant Aegon UK companies based in the United Kingdom are either: authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority 
(PRA) and regulated by the PRA and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA); or authorized and regulated by the FCA, depending 
on firm type. The PRA is responsible for the prudential regulation of deposit takers, insurers, and major investment firms. 
The FCA is responsible for regulating firms' conduct in Retail and Wholesale markets and for the prudential regulation of 
financial services firms that do not come under the PRA's remit.
Scottish Equitable plc is authorized by the PRA and is subject to prudential regulation by the PRA and conduct regulation by 
the FCA. Every life insurance company licensed by and/or falling under the supervision of the PRA must file audited regulatory 
reports at least annually. These reports are designed to enable the PRA to monitor the solvency of the insurance company. 
The reports include a balance sheet, an income statement, a breakdown of the Solvency Capital Requirements, extensive 
actuarial information, and detailed information on the investments of the insurance company.
Aegon UK is also subject to group supervision at the level of Aegon UK plc under the UK Solvency II regulations, and therefore 
a consolidated report for Aegon UK group is also filed annually.
The Aegon Master Trust (a full-service defined-contribution pension, combining independent governance with a flexible 
investment capability) is subject to regulatory oversight by The Pensions Regulator.
Regulatory solvency requirements
United Kingdom life insurance companies are required to maintain Own Funds that are sufficient to withstand a 1-in-200- 
year shock on a 1-year value-at-risk basis, subject to certain absolute minimum requirements.
Aegon UK plc uses the Aegon UK Partial Internal Model (PIM) to calculate Aegon UK’s group solvency position. The PRA 
approved the use of this model to calculate Aegon UK’s group solvency position, with effect from March 31, 2023, following 
the introduction of group supervision at the level of Aegon UK plc as a result of the United Kingdom's exit from the European 
Union.
Since the introduction of Solvency II on January 1, 2016, Scottish Equitable plc has been using Aegon's PIM to calculate its 
solo solvency position. Scottish Equitable plc uses the Matching Adjustment in the calculation of the technical provisions for 
its annuities and uses the Volatility Adjustment in the calculation of the technical provisions for the With-Profits business with 
investment guarantees.
The UK Government and PRA concluded a review of Solvency II, and the resultant reformed UK Solvency II regime became 
effective from 31 December 2024.
Overview of United Kingdom
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 265

[page 266]
Regulatory requirements for investment firms
Cofunds Limited, Aegon Investment Solutions Limited, and Aegon Investments Limited apply requirements under the FCA's 
Investment Firm Prudential Regime (IFPR). The IFPR rules establish minimum capital requirements as the higher of the Own 
Funds Requirement (OFR) and the Overall Financial Adequacy Requirement (OFAR). The OFR is the higher of the Fixed 
Overhead Requirement, the Permanent Minimum Requirement, or the "K-factor" requirement. Under the IFPR, the Internal 
Capital Adequacy and Risk Assessment (ICARA) process assesses the OFAR.
Information security and privacy regulation
Privacy regulations that impact Aegon UK currently are the UK General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the 2018 Data 
Protection Act, and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations (PECR). The Data (Use & Access) Act 2025 (DUAA) 
which received Royal Assent in June 2025, introduces several key changes, including aligning the fines for breaching PECR 
with UK GDPR levels. Organizations have until June 2026 to fully comply with the changes, which will be rolled out in phases. 
Aegon UK is awaiting guidance from the regulator (the Information Commissioner’s Office, (ICO)) as to their expectations and 
what those changes mean in practice and will closely monitor such communications and guidance coming from the ICO so 
they can progress with the implementation of those changes. Data protection controls are attested to and rated annually as 
part of the global Aegon Privacy Control Framework (APCF). As noted above, all relevant Aegon UK companies are either: 
authorized by the PRA and regulated by the FCA and the PRA; or authorized and regulated by the FCA. Therefore, in relation to 
Cyber Security, Aegon UK is subject to annual independent financial and Information Technology audits by both internal and 
independent third-party auditors. These address Aegon UK’s security controls and risk management.
Overview of International
Aegon International includes partnerships in Spain & Portugal, China and Brazil, 
as well as our high-net-worth (HNW) life insurance company Transamerica Life 
Bermuda (TLB), and some smaller ventures in Asia.
Aegon's presence in the Spanish insurance market dates to 1980. The activities in Spain (and Portugal) have developed 
largely through distribution partnerships with Spanish bank Banco Santander S.A.
Operations in Asia were established in 2003, starting with a joint venture in China. TLB was established and incorporated 
in Hamilton, Bermuda, in 2005. Its full-service branches in Hong Kong and Singapore were established in 2006. In 2025, 
a representative office was established in the Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC).
In 2009, Aegon formed a joint venture with local traditional group Mongeral in Brazil, which was founded in 1835. 
 Our economic interest includes voting common shares in MAG Seguros, which offers individual protection solutions. 
Together with Bancoob, MAG Seguros also operates a joint venture company dedicated to providing life insurance and 
pension products within the Sicoob, Brazil's largest cooperative financial system.
Organizational structure
The key lines of business within Aegon International are China, Brazil, Spain & Portugal, and TLB. The remaining business units 
are grouped in one category called "Others" for reporting purposes. The corresponding joint ventures (including Aegon's 
ownership percentages, where relevant) are as follows:
Spain & Portugal:
 
Aegon España S.A.U. de Seguros y Reaseguros (Aegon España Insurance and Reinsurance)
 Santander Generales Seguros y Reaseguros S.A. (Santander General Insurance and Reinsurance) (51%)
 Santander Vida Seguros y Reaseguros S.A. (Santander Life Insurance and Reinsurance) (51%)
 Aegon Santander Portugal Não Vida-Companhia de Seguros S.A. (Aegon Santander Portugal Non-Life Insurance Co.) (51%)
 Aegon Santander Portugal Vida-Companhia de Seguros de Vida S.A. (Aegon Santander Portugal Life Insurance Co.) (51%)
China:
 Aegon THTF Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (50%) in China
Brazil:
 Mongeral Aegon Seguros e Previdência S.A. (59.2% and 50% voting rights)
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
266 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 267]
 Sicoob Seguradora de Vida e Previdência S.A (29.6%, reflecting Aegon's 59.2% participation in this 50/50 JV with Sicoob 
Cooperative System)
TLB:
 Transamerica Life (Bermuda) Ltd.
Other subsidiaries:
 Aegon Insights Ltd.
 Transamerica Direct Marketing Asia Pacific Pty Ltd.
 Transamerica Insurance Marketing Asia Pacific Pty Ltd.
Overview of sales and distribution channels
Aegon International distributes its products directly to consumers (online and/or physical branches) and via banks, brokers, 
(tied) agents, and other digital/e-commerce partners.
The sales and distribution channel mix varies per country, reflecting the differences in the local insurance markets.
Spain & Portugal
In Spain & Portugal, the life insurance and health products are sold by the joint venture formed by Aegon and Santander 
(Santander Life Insurance and Reinsurance), whereas the non-life insurance (accident, home, unemployment, disability, 
critical illness dependency, and funeral) products are sold by the non-life joint venture (Santander General Insurance and 
Reinsurance).
Aegon España’s own distribution channel offers life and health products. The network of brokers and agents accounts for 
approximately 88% of the total sales of the fully owned subsidiary, and the remaining 12% is generated by the direct channel.
China: Aegon THTF
Aegon operates in China primarily through a joint venture with Tongfang Co. Ltd., Aegon THTF Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (hereafter: 
Aegon THTF). The joint venture is licensed to sell life insurance, annuity, accident, and health products in China. Since 2003, 
the company has expanded its network of branches, primarily in the coastal provinces of Eastern China. It has access to a 
potential market of approximately 700 million people.
Aegon THTF follows a multi-channel distribution strategy, including agents, brokers, banks, group sales, and digital e- 
commerce platforms.
Brazil: MAG Group
In Brazil, the joint venture has two major insurance companies generating revenue streams, MAG Seguros and Sicoob 
Seguradora. Together, they have 7.6 million clients as of December 2025. More than one third of MAG Seguro’s annual new 
premium is sold by home-recruited individual brokers and market life insurance specialists, hosted in a proprietary 
environment called Sales Rooms. The independent investment agents are the second largest distribution model, selling 
mostly term and whole life policies. The rest is spread among individual and/or group life products distributed through large 
brokerage firms, digital direct sales, and partners/cooperatives, including affinities and credit life in B2B2C models. Sicoob 
Seguradora distributes individual, group and credit life protection products in a bancassurance model through affiliate 
agencies to its cooperative associates. The joint venture also has an asset management company called MAG Investimentos, 
created in 2013, managing both Group and third parties' investments.
TLB and Aegon Insights
TLB distributes its life insurance products to HNW customers globally through targeted distribution relationships with 
selected brokers and financial advisors. With its singular focus on the HNW segment, TLB offers a differentiated proposition 
to the HNW market. TLB has extensive experience in handling large sums assured and complex cases, supporting HNW 
customers’ legacy and business planning needs. The Global HNW life insurance market continues to expand rapidly, 
and TLB is given the mandate to reposition itself as a leader in this market. Aegon Insights is a marketing, distribution, and 
administration services business operating in Asia Pacific. With changes in consumer preferences, in 2017 Aegon made the 
strategic decision to discontinue Aegon Insights and put it in run-off. In 2023, it sold its Japanese and Hong Kong operations, 
while the remaining Australia operation was sold during the second half of 2025.
Overview of International
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 267

[page 268]
Overview of business lines
Aegon International focuses on serving retail customers with individual life and different types of general, accident, and 
health insurances.
Life insurance, savings, and protection
Spain & Portugal's life insurance business comprises life savings and individual and group protection products, where 
individual life-risk and health products form the larger part of the business. Customers' savings needs are serviced by 
Aegon España through its affiliates, offering universal life and unit-linked products. Protection business, pursued both 
in Spain & Portugal, includes primarily life, health, accident, and disability cover distributed through the joint ventures and 
Aegon España’s own channels. These products can typically be complemented with critical illness, income protection, 
and other riders.
In Asia, Aegon provides a broad range of life insurance products, including indexed universal life and traditional life products.
TLB offers a diversified suite of protection solutions across its global markets, tailored for HNW personal and business needs 
as well as wealth accumulation potential.
In China, participating products are the key products being sold while whole life products and annuity products are also 
offered through many channels, such as agents, banks, and brokers. Digital channel currently focuses on offering protection 
products, such as term life and endowment.
In Brazil, new business for MAG Seguros includes individual life-risk and individual life-savings products. The greater part of 
them are whole life or yearly renewable policies without cash value with riders such as temporary disability, critical illness, 
surgeries, or home services. Sicoob Seguradora sells individual and credit life policies. Both companies offer group life 
solutions for corporate markets.
Health insurance
Health insurance is primarily offered in standalone form in Spain and China, and also as riders on life insurance policies in 
Spain & Portugal and China.
In Spain, health insurance is offered through Aegon's own channels and through Santander’s branches. Aegon collaborates 
with medical partners across the country. In Portugal, it is also offered through Santander Totta’s distribution network.
Aegon THTF offers various kinds of health insurance, such as short-term medical insurance, mainly through agents, brokers, 
and group channels. In Brazil, MAG Seguros does not sell pure health insurance, although it offers health-related products 
(for example, critical illness, surgeries and temporary disability) due to the decreasing affordability of private health in the 
Brazilian system, and the burden of public health. These coverages are bundled with life solutions and sold under the so- 
called Invida product line.
Pensions
In Brazil, the joint venture operates pensions through several strategies. It partners with existing pension funds and offers 
embedded life and disability insurance within the pension funds’ new enrollee application form. MAG Seguros has been 
the leader in this segment for over 20 years.
General insurance
Aegon España has been offering general insurance products, mainly household protection, unemployment, accident, 
dependency, and funeral insurance, since 2013 through its joint ventures with Banco Santander.
In Brazil, MAG Seguros launched in 2022 a new general insurance company called Simple2U established under the Brazilian 
regulator’s sandbox and since 2024 with definitive authorization from SUSEP to operate. The startup offers a fully digital on- 
demand portfolio of home insurance and other items, primarily through B2B2C distribution partnerships. In 2023, the JV 
launched a new company called MAG Capitalização, which offers savings products with lottery features, either as riders of 
MAG Seguros portfolio or as embedded solutions on business partnerships, it started operations in 2024.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
268 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 269]
Competition
Spain & Portugal
The Spanish insurance market is highly competitive. For traditional life, unit-linked variable life, and pension products, the major 
competitors are retail bank-owned insurance companies. For health and general insurance products, the main competitors 
are both foreign and local companies. Aegon España is the exclusive provider of protection products to Banco Santander. 
The exclusive partnership also holds for Portugal. Key competitors for Aegon’s joint ventures with Banco Santander in Spain & 
Portugal are large traditional insurance companies.
China
In China the life insurance market is a highly fragmented one with many national and foreign players. As of September 30, 
2025, there were 91 life insurance companies in the market, including 65 domestic life companies and 26 foreign life insurers. 
Based on the gross written premium (GWP), Aegon THTF ranked 42nd among 71 companies that have published their GWP 
data and 17th among foreign life companies in China. Aegon THTF's market share among foreign life insurers was 1.7% in 
terms of total premiums.
Brazil
In Brazil, MAG Seguros operates predominantly in life insurance. Although less than in the past, 58% of the market is still 
concentrated in bank-owned companies. With 10% of the market share of the independent life insurance companies, 
MAG Seguros ended the third quarter of 2025 holding the third position in the ranking, behind Prudential (21%) and Icatu (14%). 
The asset management company MAG Investimentos is ranked number 60 in a market with 1.040 companies.
TLB
The HNW market is highly competitive. A handful of large global insurers are active in this space with competitive product 
offerings across the key global HNW markets such as Bermuda, Hong Kong and Singapore. Indexed Universal Life is a fast- 
growing product in the HNW space due to the transparent nature of equity participation while providing downside protection 
to equity markets.
Regulation and supervision
Spain & Portugal
In the European Union, a single insurance company may only be licensed for and conduct either a life insurance business or 
a non-life insurance business, not both.
State supervision and oversight of the insurance industry is conducted by the following bodies and institutions:
 
General Directorate of Insurance and Pension Funds (DGSFP) (Spain)
 The Insurance and Pension Funds Supervisory Authority (ASF) (Portugal)
The authorities mentioned above promote consumer protection and have the right to investigate prudential activities and 
conduct, financial position and solvency, and compliance with all relevant laws.
China
Aegon THTF is supervised by the National Financial Regulatory Administration (NFRA). The NFRA was established based 
on the former China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, which will comprehensively strengthen supervision. 
During 2025, the NFRA continuously strengthened the implementation of expense authenticity requirements, enhanced 
product supervision by lowering pricing, and introduced several measures to further support the stability and activity of capital 
markets.
Brazil
In Brazil, Aegon has operations involving life insurance, non-life insurance, and supplementary private pension, as well as 
financial asset management and collection. Considering this portfolio of operations, the state supervision and oversight of 
Aegon´s companies is conducted by the following bodies and institutions:
 Private Insurance Superintendence (SUSEP) (Insurance and Open Private Pension)
 National Superintendence of Complementary Pensions (PREVIC) (Pension Funds)
 The Brazilian Central Bank (BACEN) (Collection)
 Securities and Exchange Commission (CVM) (Asset Management)
The authorities mentioned above have the right to investigate prudential activities and conduct, financial position, and 
solvency, and compliance with all relevant laws.
Overview of International
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 269

[page 270]
TLB
TLB is incorporated in Bermuda and regulated by the Bermuda Monetary Authority, the regulator of the financial services 
sector in Bermuda. TLB has full-service branches that are registered and licensed in Hong Kong and Singapore, respectively. 
The Insurance Industry is regulated in Hong Kong by the Hong Kong Insurance Authority (HKIA) and in Singapore by the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS). TLB also has a representative office in the DIFC.
Solvency
Aegon's EU-domiciled entities in Spain & Portugal use the Solvency II Standard Formula to calculate the solvency position 
of their insurance activities. Aegon Spain does not apply the matching adjustment or transitional arrangements.
Aegon's Asian insurance activities are included in Aegon's Group Solvency ratio through Deduction & Aggregation. 
For TLB, Deduction & Aggregation is applied using available and required capital as per the local Bermuda capital regime.
Overview of Aegon Asset Management
Aegon Asset Management (Aegon AM) is an active global investor. Its 350 
investment professionals manage and advise on assets of EUR 325 billion as of 
December 31, 2025, for a global client base of corporate and public pension funds, 
insurance companies, banks, wealth managers, family offices, and foundations.
Organizational structure
Aegon AM provides investment management expertise to institutional and private investors around the world. Its main office 
locations are in the United States, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom, while also having offices in Hong Kong, Germany, 
Spain and Hungary. Through its joint ventures Aegon AM also has a presence in Brazil, France and China. Its investment 
capabilities are focused around four Global Platforms, each with asset-class expertise: private and public fixed income, real 
assets, private and public equities, and multi-asset & solutions. Across these platforms, the investment teams are organized 
globally, and there is a common belief in fundamental, research-driven active management, underpinned by a focus on risk 
management and a strong commitment to responsible investing. Further to these investment platforms, Aegon AM also 
operates a fiduciary and multi-manager business in the Netherlands.
Aegon AM holds two key strategic partnerships:
 
In China, Aegon AM owns 49% of Aegon Industrial Fund Management Company (AIFMC), a Shanghai-based fund 
management company that offers mutual funds, segregated accounts, and advisory services;
 In France, Aegon AM owns 25% of LBP AM, which was expanded in 2023 with the acquisition of La Financière de l’Echiquier 
(LFDE), a French equity investment platform. LBP AM offers a comprehensive range of investment strategies to institutional 
clients and to retail investors.
Following a strategic assessment, in 2025 Aegon AM adopted three key strategic pillars designed to promote further growth.
 
Improve the scalability and efficiency of the organization.
 Build a growing, sustainable third-party business.
 Optimize the joint value creation with its insurance partners.
To enable delivery on the strategic pillars, Aegon AM rationalized its systems and in June 2025, simplified its organization and 
governance. The Global Platforms’ business is now managed through four business units, divided by investment capabilities 
and with local product and distribution teams. This new structure is set up to accelerate decision making, improve local 
accountability and enhance responsiveness to its clients. The units are: Aegon AM Continental Europe, Aegon AM UK, 
Aegon AM US and Aegon AM Real Assets. Global Platforms retains its global Operations and IT platform and global support 
functions such as Finance, Risk and Legal & Compliance. While the Business Units are divided by investment capabilities, 
the CIO keeps central oversight.
Effective January 1, 2026, Aegon Ltd. is aligning its Asset Management activities in the US. As a result, Transamerica Asset 
Management’s mutual funds business (TAM) and Transamerica Fund Services, Inc. (TFS) will start to operate as a separate 
and distinct business unit under the Aegon AM umbrella.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
270 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 271]
Aegon AM has an executive board supported by a global operational management board. The strategic direction and global 
oversight of business performance is executed by this global board, whose members have both global and local roles 
and responsibilities. This board is supported by several sub-committees. Members of the executive board are appointed 
by Aegon Ltd. This supports Aegon's oversight of Aegon AM.
Overview of sales and distribution channels
Aegon AM uses both institutional and wholesale distribution channels combining a global perspective with a focus on local 
relationships in the Americas and Europe. Client types include banks, pensions funds, insurance companies, fiduciary 
managers and Outsourced Chief Investment Officers (OCIO's), family offices, investment consultants, wealth managers, 
charities, foundations, and endowments, third-party investment platforms, as well as its affiliated companies and joint 
ventures.
Overview of business lines
Aegon AM has three distinct client segments:
 Third-party business, which includes the pro-rata share of Assets under Management (AuM) of the strategic partnerships, 
accounts for approximately 68% of its AuM as on December 31, 2025. The wholesale channel typically sells collective 
investment vehicles to customers through wholesale distributors and independent intermediaries. The asset classes are 
fixed income, equities, real assets, and multi-asset and solutions, with fund performance usually measured against a 
benchmark or peer group. The institutional business typically sells its services to large insurance companies, fiduciary 
managers, OCIOs and pension funds. AAM also manages US Retail funds (mutual funds and ETF’s) that are sold through an 
internal wholesale team to financial advisors and other intermediaries. Aegon AM manages a full range of asset classes and 
manages the strategies against objectives, targets, and risk profiles agreed with clients. It offers both absolute and relative 
return products. In the Netherlands, Aegon AM is a leading player in the Fiduciary business.
 
Affiliates also source third-party business in areas where Aegon AM manages funds for Aegon insurers and retirement 
companies (approximately 12% of AuM). These funds have various legal structures, and performance is usually measured 
against a benchmark or peer group. The main asset classes include fixed income, equities, real estate, and multi-asset.
 The Aegon and Transamerica general accounts are the third source of assets (approximately 20% of AuM). This consists of 
funds held on the balance sheet of Aegon's insurance companies to back policyholder liabilities, typically when the insurer 
has given the policyholder a guarantee. These assets are managed to match the insurers' liabilities. As a rule, general 
account assets are managed in a closed architecture structure, and the main asset classes are fixed income and real 
assets.
Competition
Aegon AM competes with other asset management companies to acquire business from Aegon customers in the open- 
architecture parts of the affiliate business and from third parties.
In the United States, Aegon AM focuses on offering investors core fixed income, alternative fixed income, equity, and real 
asset-related strategies. It works directly with pension funds, insurance companies, family offices, endowments, and 
foundations as well as investment consultants within the institutional market. In the wholesale market, Aegon AM works 
as an advisor and/or sub-advisor with its insurance company affiliates and other partners to offer competitive and relevant 
strategies for its client base. It also works with investment consultants and other partners to offer products to third-party 
institutions. Primary competitors in the United States include Voya IM, BlackRock, Invesco, JP Morgan AM, Franklin Templeton, 
Principal Global Investors, PIMCO, and PGIM.
In Continental Europe, Aegon AM focuses on offering investors core and alternative fixed income, equities, real estate, and 
multi-asset and solutions strategies to institutional and wholesale clients. In the Netherlands, Aegon AM also offers fiduciary 
services to institutional clients. In the third-party institutional market, it competes with domestic and global asset managers, 
as well as with fiduciary and balance sheet managers. Competition continues to be strong in the institutional market due to 
both the ongoing consolidation of pension funds and the growing service requirements of pension fund clients. Primary 
competitors in the Netherlands include BlackRock, Robeco, Goldman Sachs AM, Achmea, and Van Lanschot Kempen.
In the United Kingdom, Aegon AM focuses on offering investors fixed income, equities, and multi-asset and solutions 
strategies. It serves institutional clients and their advisors and is active in the wholesale market. Primary competitors in 
the United Kingdom include Aberdeen, Aviva Investors, LGIM, Janus Henderson, Insight Investment, M&G, and Royal London.
Overview of Asset Management
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 271

[page 272]
In mainland China, AIFMC focuses on Chinese equity, fixed income, multi-asset and money market strategies. It competes 
against a wide range of locally based asset managers, including China Universal Asset Management, E Fund Management, 
Fullgoal Fund Management, and Yinhua Fund Management. The company’s products are distributed through banks, securities 
brokers, and digital platforms.
In France, LBP AM services private investors through La Banque Postale's retail banking network and with LFDE through 
independent advisors, representing LBP AM, LFDE, and Aegon AM-advised strategies. In the institutional market, it also offers 
investment strategies from Aegon AM to compete for affiliate and third-party insurance and pension clients with large local 
asset managers and specialized international competitors. In France, primary competitors include Amundi Asset 
Management, AXA Investment Management, BNP Paribas Investment Partners, Carmignac, and Edmond de Rothschild.
Regulation and supervision
Regulation of asset management companies in general differs from that of insurers. Aegon AM's local operating entities are 
regulated by their local regulators, most notably the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM) (conduct of business 
supervision) and the DNB (prudential supervision) for Dutch-based entities, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) for 
Aegon Asset Management UK plc, and the Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (CFTC) for the US-based entities. Aegon Asset Management UK is also regulated by the SEC for its activities in 
the US market, whilst North Westerly Holding B.V., Aegon AM’s European CLO business, has filed as an exempt reporting 
adviser with the SEC. AIFMC is regulated as a Chinese fund management company by the Chinese Securities Regulatory 
Commission (CSRC), while LBP AM is an asset management company licensed by the French Financial Markets Authority 
(AMF).
Risk factors Aegon Ltd.
Aegon is exposed to a wide array of risks, both internal and external, which can significantly impact its operations and 
profitability. These risks include failures in compliance systems, financial market fluctuations, economic trends, and regulatory 
changes. The materialization of any of these risks could lead to a decline in Aegon's securities' market price, potentially 
resulting in investors losing part or all of their investments. Aegon may also face unforeseen risks that could materially affect 
its operations and share price.
This chapter categorizes risk factors based on their origins and acknowledges that risks can have far-reaching consequences. 
The risk categories are: financial, underwriting, operational, political, regulatory, supervisory, legal and compliance, and risks 
specific to Aegon's common shares. Within each category, the most significant risk factors are presented first. However, 
the order of the remaining risk factors does not necessarily indicate their likelihood of occurrence or potential impact, as 
these aspects are often difficult to determine with certainty. Even risks with low probability can have substantial 
consequences if they materialize.
Summary
The risk factors cover the following topics in the designated categories:
1. Financial Risks
 
Rapidly rising, or sustained low or negative interest rates
 Financial market disruptions, adverse economic conditions and political or regional instability
 Elevated levels of inflation
 Illiquidity of investment assets
 Credit risks, valuation declines, and defaults in investment portfolios or counterparty failures
 Equity market declines
 Real estate market downturns
 Default of a major financial institution and systemic risks
 Unavailable, unaffordable, or insufficient reinsurance, and failure of reinsurers, to whom Aegon has ceded risk, to meet their 
obligations
 A credit rating downgrade
 Currency exchange rate fluctuations
 Asset-liability management risks
 Unexpected investment valuation changes and impairments
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
272 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 273]
2. Underwriting Risks
 Differences between actual claims experience and underwriting or reserve assumptions
 Inadequate pricing of products with guarantees
 Restrictions on underwriting criteria and data usage
 Product underperformance and exposure to litigation or negative publicity
 Reinsurance may be unavailable, unaffordable, or insufficient
 Catastrophic events
3. Operational Risks
 Competitive factors
 Unsuccessful acquisitions, divestitures, or major reorganizations
 Difficulties in distributing and marketing products through current and future channels
 Slow adoption of emerging technologies
 Unsuccessful management of climate risk exposure
 Gaps in risk management policies and processes
 Disruptive events undermining the resilience of business services and IT systems
 Evolving cybersecurity threats and security breaches
 Actual or perceived data privacy non-compliance or security breaches
 Inaccuracies in econometric, financial, or actuarial models, or differing interpretations of underlying methodologies
 Inaccurate, incomplete or unsuccessful quantitative models, algorithms or calculations
 Bankruptcy, service disruptions, or poor performance by third-party providers or their subcontractors
 Challenges in attracting, retaining or motivating key personnel
4. Political, regulatory, and supervisory risks
 Any further requirements to increase Aegon’s technical provisions and/or hold more regulatory capital
 Political or other instability in a country or geographic region
 Changes in accounting standards
 Limitations on the ability of subsidiaries and participations to pay dividends to Aegon Ltd.
 Risks of application of intervention measures
5. Legal and compliance risks
 Legal proceedings, arbitration outcomes, or regulatory actions
 Changes in government regulations in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates
 Evolving scrutiny and increased attention to sustainability matters
 Tax risks
 Risks related to Bermuda domiciliation
 Difficulties in protecting intellectual property and vulnerability to infringement claims
6. Risks relating to Aegon's common shares
 Volatility of Aegon’s share price
 Influence of Vereniging Aegon over Aegon’s corporate decisions
 Currency fluctuations
 Impact of convertible securities over the market price of common shares
7. Risks relating to our redomiciliation and relocation of our headquarters  
 Uncertainty regarding whether the redomiciliation will occur and whether expected benefits will be achieved
 Retention of personnel and execution risks associated with the multi-year redomiciliation and headquarters relocation 
project, including the potential for costs exceeding budgeted amounts
 Potential increases in certain operating costs following a change in domicile and relocation of our headquarters
 Potential adverse effects on our business resulting from the change in domicile and relocation of our headquarters
 The change in accounting regime may create execution risks and impact the timeliness and accuracy of our financial 
reporting
 
The change in tax residency may increase our effective tax rate and compliance burden, and could limit future 
redomiciliation outside the US
 
Risk of adverse tax consequences for holders of Aegon common shares as a result of the redomiciliation
Risk factors Aegon Ltd.
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 273

[page 274]
Financial risks
Rapidly rising or sustained low interest rates may negatively impact profitability and liquidity.
Aegon’s assets and liabilities are sensitive to movements in interest rates and Aegon uses derivative instruments to help 
manage interest rate risk. In periods of rapidly rising rates Aegon is required to post more collateral under these derivative 
contracts, which can cause a strain on liquidity. In addition, rapidly rising interest rates can cause policy loans, surrenders, and 
withdrawals to increase. These activities may require Aegon to sell invested assets at a time when the prices of those assets 
are affected adversely by the increase in market interest rates, which may result in realized investment losses.
Early withdrawals may also impact the Contractual Service Margin (CSM), which results in lower future CSM releases, and as 
such, lower future net results.
During periods of decreasing, sustained low, or negative interest rates, Aegon may not be able to preserve profit margins in 
spread-based businesses due to the existence of minimum interest rate guarantees and minimum guaranteed crediting rates 
provided in policies. Investment earnings may be lower because the interest earnings on new fixed-income investments are 
likely to have declined with the market interest rates. A prolonged low or even negative interest rate environment may also 
result in a lengthening of maturities of the policyholder liabilities from initial estimates, due to lower policy lapses and longer 
duration of annuities. In this context, negative interest rates have comparable but larger impacts than low but positive rates.
Particularly during periods of low interest rates, in-force life insurance and annuity policies may be relatively more attractive 
to consumers due to built-in minimum interest rate guarantees, resulting in increased premium payments on products with 
flexible premium features and a higher percentage of insurance policies remaining in force year-to-year. The majority of 
assets backing the insurance liabilities are invested in fixed-income securities.
Aegon, in managing its investments and derivative portfolio, considers a variety of factors, including the relationship between 
the expected duration of its assets and liabilities. However, if interest rates remain low or even negative, the yield earned upon 
reinvesting interest payments from current investments, or from their sale or maturity, may decline. Reinvestment at lower 
yields may reduce the spread between interest earned on investments and interest credited to some of Aegon’s products, and 
accordingly, profitability may decline. In addition, borrowers may prepay or redeem fixed maturity investments or mortgage 
loans in Aegon’s investment portfolio in order to borrow at lower rates. Aegon's ability to lower crediting rates on certain 
products to offset the decrease in spread may be limited by contractually guaranteed minimum rates or competitive 
influences.
Depending on economic developments, interest rates for securities with shorter maturities may remain at low or even 
negative levels for a prolonged period. In such an environment, an anchored expectation of low inflation or deflation could 
further push down the longer end of the interest rate curve, which could have significant implications for Aegon’s profitability.
Financial market disruptions and adverse economic conditions may materially affect business performance, 
liquidity, and financial condition.
Aegon’s profitability and financial condition may be materially affected by uncertainty, fluctuations, or negative trends in 
general economic conditions, such as economic growth, levels of unemployment, consumer confidence, inflation, and interest 
rate levels in the countries in which Aegon operates. Continuing global economic and geopolitical volatility (including military 
conflict), as well as elections in several countries leading to changes in the political landscape, imposition of tariffs, sanctions 
or other barriers to global trade, elevated inflation and fluctuations in interest rates, have increased the potential for volatility 
in financial markets.
Any disruptions or downturns in the global financial markets or general economic conditions may result in reduced demand 
for Aegon’s products as well as impairments and reductions in the value of the assets in Aegon’s general account, separate 
account, and company pension schemes. Aegon may also experience a higher incidence of claims and unexpected 
policyholder behavior, such as unfavorable changes in lapse rates. Aegon’s policyholders may choose to defer or stop paying 
insurance premiums, which may impact Aegon’s businesses, profitability, cash flows, and financial condition, and Aegon 
cannot predict with any certainty if or when such actions may occur.
Governmental action in the US, the Netherlands, the UK, the European Union, Bermuda, and elsewhere to address market 
disruptions and economic conditions may impact Aegon’s businesses. Aegon cannot predict the effect that these or other 
government actions, including economic sanctions, as well as actions by the European Central Bank (ECB) or the US Federal 
Reserve, may have on financial markets or on Aegon’s businesses, profitability, cash flows, and financial condition.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
274 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 275]
Elevated levels of inflation may impact business strategy and negatively impact profitability.
The major global economies have experienced elevated levels of inflation in recent years. It is driven by many factors, such as 
supply chain disruption, energy, and commodity costs.
A high inflation environment can adversely affect Aegon directly through higher claims and higher expenses or through 
broader macro-economic impacts that are associated with high inflation, such as a reduction in the market value of assets.
Certain products Aegon offers have a direct or very strong link to inflation, most notably index-linked pension products. 
Other products have a correlation to inflation over the longer term, such as long-term care insurance products. It is Aegon's 
practice to hedge the indexation of pension products, but it is not possible to hedge the inflation associated with long-term 
care insurance products, as no instrument exists to match this risk.
Operating expenses have a strong correlation with inflation (wage and price inflation). An increase in observed inflation 
may lead to increased expenses and lower earnings if Aegon is unable to offset the expense of inflation through expense 
savings initiatives.
Elevated levels of inflation may have broader economic impacts on asset valuations and economic activity, which will 
adversely impact Aegon’s business plans and strategy and its profitability.
Illiquidity of investment assets may delay sales at fair prices, and access to external financing may be 
constrained.
Aegon must maintain sufficient liquidity to meet short-term cash demands under normal circumstances, as well as in crisis 
situations. Liquidity risk is inherent in many of Aegon’s businesses. Each asset purchased and liability (for example, insurance 
products) sold has unique liquidity characteristics. Some liabilities can be surrendered, while some assets, such as privately 
placed loans, mortgage loans, real estate, and limited partnership interests, are to some degree illiquid. In depressed markets, 
Aegon may be unable to sell or buy significant volumes of assets at quoted prices.
Any security Aegon issues in significant volume may be issued at higher financing costs if funding conditions are impaired. 
The necessity to issue securities can be driven by a variety of factors; for instance, Aegon may need liquidity for operating 
expenses, debt servicing, and the maintenance of capital levels of insurance subsidiaries. If impaired funding conditions were 
to persist, Aegon may need to sell assets substantially below the prices at which they are currently recorded to meet its 
insurance obligations.
Aegon makes use of bilateral and syndicated credit facilities to support liquidity requirements and meet payment obligations 
under adverse (market) conditions. An inability to access these credit facilities, for example due to non-compliance with 
conditions for borrowing or the default of a facility provider under stressed market circumstances, could have an adverse 
effect on Aegon’s ability to meet liquidity needs and to comply with contractual and other requirements.
Aegon’s derivatives transactions require Aegon to provide collateral against declines in the fair value of these contracts. 
Volatile financial markets may significantly increase requirements to provide collateral and adversely affect its liquidity 
position. Further, a downgrade of Aegon’s credit ratings may also result in additional collateral requirements.
Credit risks, valuation declines, and defaults in investment portfolios or counterparty failures may materially 
affect business performance, cash flows, and financial condition.
Credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from the default by, or failure to meet contractual obligations of, issuers and 
counterparties. Aegon also considers credit risk to include spread risk, that is, a decline in the value of a bond due to a general 
widening of credit spreads. For general account products, Aegon typically bears the risk for investment performance equaling 
the return of principal and interest on fixed income instruments. Aegon is exposed to credit risk on its general account fixed- 
income portfolio (debt securities, mortgages, consumer loans, and private placements), over-the-counter ("OTC") derivatives, 
and reinsurance contracts. In addition, financial institutions acting as a counterparty on derivatives may not fulfill their 
obligations.
In addition, Aegon is indirectly exposed to credit risk on the investment portfolios underlying separate account liabilities. 
Changes to credit risk can decrease the value of fixed interest assets in the separate accounts. Reduced separate account 
values will decrease fee income and may impact the CSM and, therefore, impact future earnings. In addition, certain separate 
account products sold in the US include guarantees that protect policyholders against some or all the downside risks in their 
separate account portfolios. Revision of assumptions might also affect the CSM and, therefore, future earnings. These factors 
may have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s profitability and financial position.
Risk factors Aegon Ltd.
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 275

[page 276]
Aegon’s investment portfolio holds government bonds, including US Treasury, agency and state bonds, other government- 
issued securities, and corporate bonds. Especially in a weak economic environment, Aegon may incur significant investment 
impairments due to defaults and overall declines in the capital markets. Defaults or other reductions in the value of these 
securities and loans may have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s businesses, profitability, cash flows, and financial 
condition.
Equity market declines may negatively impact profitability, shareholders’ equity, product sales, and the value of 
assets under management.
Aegon runs the risk that the market value of equity investments can decline. Exposure to equity markets exists in both assets 
and liabilities. Asset exposure exists through direct equity investment, where Aegon bears all or most of the volatility in returns 
and investment performance risk. Equity market exposure is also present in policyholders’ accounts for insurance and 
investment contracts (such as variable annuities, unit-linked products, and mutual funds) where funds are invested in equities. 
Although most of the risk remains with the policyholder, guarantees within certain products may transfer some or all of this 
risk to Aegon. Lower investment returns also reduce the asset management and administration fee that Aegon earns on the 
asset balance in these products, and prolonged investment under-performance may cause existing customers to withdraw 
funds and potential customers not to grant investment mandates.
Some of Aegon’s insurance and investment contract businesses have minimum return or accumulation guarantees, which 
require Aegon to establish reserves to fund these future guaranteed benefits when equity market returns do not meet these 
guarantee levels. Aegon’s reported results under IFRS are also impacted if certain insurance and/or investment contracts 
become onerous, which decreases the reported net result. Volatile or poor market conditions may also significantly reduce 
the demand for some of Aegon’s savings and investment products, which may lead to lower sales and reduced profitability.
Real estate market downturns may negatively affect valuations and cash flows.
Aegon has exposure to the real estate market in the US through commercial mortgage loans. Aegon also has indirect 
exposure to the residential real estate market in the Netherlands through its shareholding in a.s.r. via the AMVEST funds and 
residential mortgages. Risks for Aegon in the US and indirectly in the Netherlands in the event of a downturn in the real estate 
market include lower returns or valuation losses on its mortgage portfolio, lower real estate valuations, lower margins due to 
higher prepayment in the mortgage portfolio in the event of lower interest rates and increased payment defaults.
Default of a major financial institution and systemic risks may disrupt markets and operations.
The failure of a sufficiently large and influential financial market participant may disrupt securities markets or clearing and 
settlement systems in Aegon’s markets. This may cause market declines or volatility. Such a failure may lead to a chain of 
defaults that may adversely affect Aegon and Aegon’s contract counterparties. In addition, such a failure may impact future 
product sales as a potential result of reduced confidence in the insurance industry. The default of one or more large 
international financial institutions, which may result in disruption or termination of their cash, custodial, and/or administrative 
services, may also have a material adverse impact on Aegon’s ability to run effective treasury and asset management 
operations.
Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of a government or financial institution (or a default by any such entity) may lead 
to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults. This risk is sometimes referred to as 'systemic risk' and may 
adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing members or futures commissions merchants, clearing houses, 
banks, securities firms, and exchanges with which Aegon interacts on a daily basis, and the financial instruments of 
governments in which Aegon invests. Systemic risk could have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s ability to raise new funds 
and on its business, financial condition, profitability, liquidity, and/or prospects.
Reinsurers, to whom risk has been ceded, may fail to meet their obligations.
Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries cede risks to reinsurance companies under various agreements that cover individual risks, 
group risks, or defined blocks of business, on a co-insurance, yearly renewable term, excess, or catastrophe excess basis. 
The purpose of these reinsurance agreements is to spread the risk and offset the effect of losses. The amount of each risk 
retained depends on an evaluation of the specific risk, which is subject, in certain circumstances, to maximum limits based on 
the characteristics of coverage. Under the terms of the reinsurance agreements, the reinsurer agrees to reimburse for the 
ceded amount in the event a covered claim is paid. However, Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries remain liable to their 
policyholders for ceded insurance if any reinsurer fails to meet the obligations assumed by it. A bankruptcy, insolvency, or 
inability of any of Aegon’s reinsurance counterparties to satisfy its obligations may have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s 
financial conditions and results of operations.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
276 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 277]
A credit rating downgrade may increase policy surrenders and withdrawals, adversely affect distributor 
relationships, and negatively affect operating results.
Aegon has experienced downgrades and negative changes to its outlook in the past and may experience rating and outlook 
changes in the future. A rating downgrade (or a change in outlook indicating the potential for such a downgrade) of Aegon or 
any of its rated insurance subsidiaries may, among other things, materially increase the number of policy surrenders and 
withdrawals by policyholders of cash values from their policies. A downgrade or potential downgrade, including changes in 
outlook, may also result in higher funding costs on future long-term debt funding transactions and/or affect the availability of 
funding in the capital markets and lead to increased fees on credit facilities. In addition, a downgrade may adversely affect 
relationships with broker-dealers, banks, agents, wholesalers, and other distributors of Aegon’s products and services, which 
may negatively impact new sales and adversely affect Aegon’s ability to compete. A downgrade of Aegon’s credit ratings may 
also affect its ability to obtain reinsurance contracts at reasonable prices or at all.
Currency exchange rate fluctuations may affect financial condition and reported results.
As an international group, Aegon is subject to foreign currency translation risk. At a local level, assets allocated to equity are 
kept in local currencies to the extent shareholders’ equity is required to satisfy regulatory and Aegon’s self-imposed capital 
requirements. Therefore, currency exchange rate fluctuations may affect the level of Aegon’s consolidated shareholders’ 
equity as a result of the translation of the equity of Aegon’s subsidiaries into euros, Aegon’s reporting currency. Foreign 
currency exposure also exists when policies are denominated in currencies other than Aegon’s functional currency.
To the extent Aegon’s measures to mitigate currency risks, including hedges, capital base balancing and asset matching are 
not perfectly matching, Aegon’s net result and shareholders’ equity may fluctuate. As Aegon has significant business 
segments in the Americas and in the UK, the principal sources of exposure from currency fluctuations are from the 
differences between the US dollar and the euro and between the UK pound and the euro. Aegon may experience significant 
changes in net result and shareholders’ equity because of these fluctuations.
Asset-liability management risks may not be effectively mitigated through derivatives.
Aegon is exposed to changes in the fair value of its investments, as a result of the impact of interest rate, equity markets and 
credit spread changes, currency fluctuations, and changes in mortality and longevity. Aegon uses common financial derivative 
instruments, such as swaps, options, futures, and forward contracts, to hedge some of the exposures related to both 
investments backing insurance products and its own borrowings. Aegon may not be able to manage these asset liability 
management risks associated with these activities successfully through the use of derivatives. In addition, a counterparty 
may fail to honor the terms of its derivatives contracts with Aegon. In addition, clearing members and clearing houses may 
terminate their derivatives contracts with Aegon. Aegon’s inability to manage risks successfully through derivatives, 
a counterparty’s failure to honor Aegon’s obligations, or a systemic risk that is transmitted from counterparty to counterparty 
may each have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s businesses, net result, and financial condition.
Unexpected investment valuation changes and impairments may adversely affect net results and financial 
condition.
The valuation of many of Aegon’s financial instruments is based on subjective methodologies, estimations, and assumptions. 
Changes to investment valuations may have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s net result and financial condition. 
In addition, the determination of the amount of allowances and impairments taken on certain investments and other assets 
is subjective and based on assumptions, estimations and judgments that may not reflect or correspond to Aegon’s actual 
experience, any of which may materially impact Aegon’s net result or financial condition.
Underwriting risks
Differences between actual claims experience and underwriting or reserve assumptions may impact reported 
results and financial condition.
Aegon faces risks if its product pricing assumptions are inaccurate, affecting earnings and insurance liability provisions. 
Earnings depend on how actual claims align with pricing assumptions and the adequacy of technical provisions under IFRS 
and statutory reporting. Less favorable claims than expected can reduce net results, and sustained unfavorable claims may 
necessitate revising assumptions, increasing liability provisions, and impacting solvency ratios. Additionally, under IFRS17, 
the Contractual Service Margin (CSM) reflects expected future profits. If profitability assumptions like future claims or 
expenses are unmet, then assumptions may need updated and the CSM may change, affecting future profitability and if the 
CSM turns negative potentially triggering losses through onerous contracts. This scenario could materially affect Aegon’s 
operations and financial condition.
Risk factors Aegon Ltd.
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 277

[page 278]
Underwriting risks include policyholder behavior, such as lapses; biometric risks, such as mortality and morbidity; and 
expenses. These factors shape technical provisions, and deviations can impact earnings positively or negatively. Increased 
policy lapses may lead to unrecovered upfront sales costs despite charges. Embedded policy options could result in losses 
depending on lapse scenarios. Term life and accident insurance profitability may decline with rising mortality or morbidity 
rates, while annuity and long-term care products face longevity risks, with increased mortality impacting profitability. Also part 
of underwriting risks are the future expenses from servicing the existing insurance contracts. If these expenses turn out 
higher than what was reserved for, that will also negatively affect profitability.
Inadequate pricing of products with guarantees may negatively affect results, liquidity, and financial condition.
Some Aegon variable annuity products in the US offer guarantees like death benefits and minimum surrender values to 
protect policyholders from equity market downturns and interest rate drops. These guarantees' value depends on market 
movements and interest rates. If Aegon does not adjust pricing after interest rate declines or market volatility, it could result 
in losses and increased loss-making business if competitors reprice their products. Conversely, if competitors adopt 
aggressive pricing, Aegon may feel pressured to adjust pricing unfavorably. These situations could negatively impact Aegon’s 
operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
Restrictions on underwriting criteria and data usage may negatively affect operational results.
Certain jurisdictions implement regulations that limit specific underwriting criteria, including geographic location (zip/postal 
code) or the use of genetic test results, in determining premiums and benefits for insurance products. These regulations, 
whether currently in place or introduced in the future, may have a negative impact on Aegon’s performance or operations if it 
is restricted from considering certain factors that are relevant to assessing risk. Additionally, advancements in underwriting 
practices, such as automation and the incorporation of diverse data types and sources, could also be influenced by future 
regulatory changes related to privacy and the use of personal information.
Products may underperform customer's return expectations, and exposure to litigation or negative publicity may 
arise.
Aegon may face lawsuits from customers and experience negative publicity if Aegon’s products fail to perform as expected, 
regardless of the suitability of products for customers or the adequacy of the disclosure provided to customers by Aegon 
and by the intermediaries who distribute Aegon’s products. Products that are less well understood and that have a lower 
performance track record may be more likely to be the subject of such lawsuits. Any such lawsuits, court judgments, or 
regulatory fines may have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s results of operations, corporate reputation, and financial 
condition.
Reinsurance may be unavailable, unaffordable, or insufficient to protect against losses.
As part of Aegon’s overall risk and capital management strategy, Aegon purchases reinsurance for certain risks underwritten 
by Aegon’s various business segments. Market conditions beyond Aegon’s control determine the availability and cost of the 
reinsurance protection Aegon purchases. In addition, interpretations of terms and conditions may differ over time from 
anticipated coverage as contracts extend for decades, potentially leading to denials of coverage and protracted litigation, 
which could result in Aegon incurring losses.
Catastrophic events may cause material losses and significantly disrupt business operations.
Aegon's operations and financial condition can be significantly impacted by both natural and man-made disasters, such as 
hurricanes, earthquakes, terrorism, cybercrime, wars, and pandemics. The effects of climate change are contributing to more 
extreme and frequent weather patterns, increasing unpredictability and risk exposure. Catastrophic events may lead to higher 
mortality rates in affected regions, reduced sales, and increased policy lapses. These events can result in substantial financial 
losses and adverse market movements, affecting investment prices and credit quality. Additionally, related financial market 
movements and monetary policy measures from central banks can cause interest rate fluctuations. Catastrophic events may 
disrupt Aegon's operations, causing property loss, loss of key personnel, and compromising client information. Ineffective 
business continuity plans may lead to further disruption, damaging Aegon's corporate reputation and financial health.
Operational risks
Market share and profitability may be adversely affected by competitive factors.
Aegon operates in a highly competitive environment where success depends on a combination of, among other things, 
service quality, product features, pricing, commission structures, financial strength, claims-paying ability, ratings, and brand 
recognition. The company faces competition not only from traditional insurers but also from banks, broker-dealers, 
asset managers, and other non-insurance financial services providers.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
278 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 279]
Industry consolidation continues to reshape the competitive landscape, enabling some firms to expand their product 
offerings, strengthen distribution networks, and improve access to capital. Additionally, new entrants – particularly those 
backed by private equity – are exerting further pressure on margins. The rise of alternative distribution models, including digital 
platforms powered by artificial intelligence, machine learning, and blockchain, is accelerating this trend and challenging 
traditional sales channels.
These dynamics may lead to increased pricing pressure and reduced profitability as competitors seek to gain or defend 
market share. Aegon’s ability to respond effectively may be constrained by market conditions, regulatory developments, or 
internal limitations. Furthermore, adverse economic environments can alter the competitive landscape, creating both risks 
and opportunities. Financial distress among peers may lead to acquisition opportunities, while government interventions or 
regulatory changes could shift market dynamics. In such conditions, Aegon’s and its competitors’ ability to adapt may 
significantly influence relative performance, market share, and long-term profitability.
Business and financial conditions may be adversely affected by unsuccessful acquisitions, divestitures, or major 
reorganizations.
Aegon’s strategic initiatives may involve acquiring new businesses, divesting existing operations, or undertaking significant 
reorganizations to optimize its portfolio and enhance long-term value. These activities carry execution risks that could 
adversely affect Aegon’s financial condition, operational performance, and strategic flexibility. Acquisitions may divert 
financial and managerial resources from core operations and present challenges in integrating systems, personnel, and 
customer relationships. Similarly, divestments and major reorganizations such as the relocation or consolidation of key 
operational functions may prove complex or uneconomical, particularly when assets or capabilities are deeply embedded 
within the organization.
Such transformations can result in the loss of key employees or clients, disruption of institutional knowledge, and the need to 
rapidly establish new capabilities in unfamiliar environments. They may also lead to delays in execution and expose the 
company to litigation, tax liabilities, or impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets. Expansion into new or emerging 
markets may also introduce heightened political, legal, and regulatory risks, including nationalization, discriminatory regulation, 
and currency controls.
Furthermore, acquisitions may increase leverage or dilute shareholder value if financed through equity, while divestments or 
reorganizations may leave Aegon with residual liabilities or fail to meet timing or pricing expectations. There is no guarantee 
that suitable acquisition targets, buyers, or restructuring opportunities will be identified, or that transactions will be completed 
on favorable terms.
Business and financial conditions may be adversely affected by difficulties in distributing and marketing products 
through current and future channels.
Aegon’s ability to effectively distribute and market its products depends, amongst others, on the stability and performance 
of its distribution channels. Disruption in key distribution relationships - whether due to adverse business developments, 
strategic shifts, or partner consolidation - could impair Aegon’s market reach and sales performance. Changes in partner 
business models or the emergence of new distribution platforms may also reduce the effectiveness of Aegon’s existing 
channels.
When products are distributed through unaffiliated firms, Aegon has limited control over how those products are marketed 
and sold. Inappropriate sales practices or misaligned customer targeting by third-party distributors could result in reputational 
damage and regulatory consequences, despite Aegon’s compliance training and oversight programs.
In North America, a significant portion of Aegon’s distribution relies on independent licensed life insurance agents. This model 
is inherently subject to high turnover, particularly among part-time agents, and its success depends on our ability to attract, 
train, and retain a large, motivated sales force. Competitive pressures, regulatory requirements, and the challenges of selling 
insurance products as independent contractors can hinder recruitment and retention. These risks may be further amplified 
where large groups of agents are concentrated within a small number of organizations and with the reliance on aging 
technology.
The structure of Aegon's contracts and relationships with agents have been the subject to recent legal and regulatory 
challenges. These challenges, along with any future regulatory developments and changes, could adversely affect the 
effectiveness and stability of Aegon’s distribution channels. In addition, negative public attention toward similar business 
models may also heighten reputational and regulatory risks, which may further impact agent recruitment and Aegon’s overall 
regulatory exposure. Collectively, these factors pose a risk to Aegon’s ability to maintain effective distribution and achieve its 
growth objectives, and thereby adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
Risk factors Aegon Ltd.
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 279

[page 280]
Slow adoption of emerging technologies may limit competitiveness and operational efficiency.
The insurance industry continues to undergo significant transformation driven by emerging technologies. These include, but 
are not limited to, artificial intelligence (including Generative AI and Small Language Models (SLMs), cloud computing, data 
analytics, and distributed ledger technologies). These innovations are reshaping the distribution and sales of insurance 
as well as the management of insurance businesses, accelerating digitalization, elevating customer expectations, and 
intensifying competition from both traditional players and new market entrants.
The role of AI is expanding, enabling more personalized customer interactions, faster claims processing, and improved 
decision-making. Quantum computing, though still emerging, holds long-term implications for revolutionizing data analysis and 
risk modeling. At the same time, cybersecurity is becoming even more critical as insurers manage increasing volumes of 
sensitive data and navigate complex landscapes. Aegon may not be able to swiftly, effectively, and securely adapt 
and integrate emerging technologies, negatively impacting its competitive position and profitability and adversely affecting 
its future financial condition and operational results.
Unsuccessful management of climate risk exposure may affect investment portfolios, operational resilience, 
and long-term financial performance.
Aegon may not successfully manage its exposure to climate-related risks, potentially impacting its investment portfolios 
and broader business operations. Climate change presents significant uncertainty in terms of timing, scope, and severity, 
and encompasses both physical risks and transition risks.
Physical risks include acute events (for example floods, hurricanes) and chronic changes (for example rising sea levels, 
sustained temperature increases). These may affect Aegon through higher mortality rates, increased credit losses, and 
broader economic disruptions that influence investment performance and interest rates.
Transition risks arise from the shift to a low-carbon economy and include regulatory, policy, market, and technological 
changes. These may affect asset values and stakeholder perceptions, particularly if Aegon is seen as not meeting evolving 
sustainability expectations or targets.
Both types of risk may lead to litigation, reputational damage, and financial losses. Efforts to mitigate these risks may be costly 
and not always effective.
Given the long-term and uncertain nature of climate change, it may adversely affect Aegon’s business, financial condition, 
and results of operations.
Gaps in risk management policies and processes may expose operations to unforeseen events, affecting 
performance and financial condition.
Aegon has invested considerable resources in developing and maintaining a robust enterprise risk management framework. 
However, despite these efforts, there remains a possibility that risks inherent in its business strategies and operations may not 
be fully identified, assessed, managed, or monitored. Risk assessments often rely on historical data, which may be incomplete 
or not reflective of future conditions. Consequently, unforeseen or unidentified risk events could negatively impact Aegon’s 
business performance, operational results, and overall financial position.
Disruptive events may undermine the resilience of business services and IT systems, leading to service 
interruptions, higher costs, and reputational harm.
The frequency and severity of disruptions are increasing, and reliance on technology and a complex network of third parties is 
expanding. Aegon's ability to prevent, adapt to, respond to, recover from, and learn from operational disruptions is intrinsically 
connected to the robustness of its business processes and IT infrastructure. The growing threat of simultaneous and complex 
disruptions within interconnected supply chains underscores the need for agile and adaptable systems. To remain resilient, 
Aegon must continue investing in the modernization of its technology landscape, ensuring that systems are not only 
maintained but also enhanced to meet evolving demands. This includes addressing the risks posed by aging infrastructure and 
legacy technologies, which can hinder responsiveness and scalability. Furthermore, the financial stability and operational 
reliability of third-party suppliers are essential components of Aegon’s broader resilience strategy. Despite continued efforts 
in areas like Business Continuity, Disaster Recovery, and Crisis Management, no system can be considered entirely resistant 
to disruptions that could significantly impact Aegon’s operations, financial performance, and corporate reputation.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
280 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 281]
Evolving cybersecurity threats and security breaches, whether originating internally or from critical third parties, 
has the potential to interrupt business operations, compromise organizational reputation, and negatively impact 
financial outcomes.
Aegon depends heavily on both internal and third-party IT infrastructure and systems to securely store, process, transmit, 
and dispose of confidential data including personal, financial, strategic, and proprietary information. This reliance extends to 
interactions with customers, partners, government agencies, and third-party (cloud) service providers, expanding Aegon’s 
potential attack surface. Cyber threats including those from malicious insiders, cybercriminals, and state-sponsored actors 
pose significant risks. These threats can lead to litigation (including class actions), regulatory scrutiny, fines, operational 
disruption, financial losses, reputational damage, and customer attrition.
The rise of generative AI and large language models has enabled more sophisticated cyberattacks, such as advanced 
phishing and malware. The commoditization of cybercrime, including ransomware-as-a-service, has broadened access to 
powerful tools, increasing both the frequency and complexity of attacks. Modern ransomware tactics now include double and 
triple extortion, significantly raising the stakes. Aegon could fail to keep pace with the swift current of technological change 
and could fail to implement adequate controls. Legacy systems, burdened with inherent vulnerabilities, compound 
the challenge.
In addition to the risk of malicious outside forces, Aegon must also guard against internal risks such as human error, software 
bugs, unauthorized access, and insufficient automation or monitoring. These issues can lead to improper data exposure or 
delayed detection of breaches. The company’s reliance on third-party systems introduces additional vulnerabilities, as these 
partners may not maintain adequate cybersecurity measures or adapt quickly to evolving threats.
As a global financial institution, Aegon and its partners are likely to remain targets of unpredictable and increasingly 
sophisticated cyberattacks. Attackers are using tools designed to bypass controls, evade detection, and obscure forensic 
evidence. Without continued investment in security infrastructure and technology, response capabilities, and strategic 
execution, Aegon may struggle to detect, contain, or remediate incidents effectively and may suffer material adverse 
consequences. While cyber liability insurance is part of Aegon’s risk management strategy, it may not fully cover potential 
losses.
In 2025, Aegon and certain of its third-party providers experienced various security incidents, including, but not limited to, 
social engineering attacks (like phishing), DDoS attacks, advanced persistent threats, technology implementation and update 
errors, third-party incidents and breaches, various human errors, and exploitations of vulnerabilities. For example, one third- 
party vendor in the US suffered a security breach, which required regulatory notifications to the Office for Civil Rights and 
certain state regulators. Consumer notifications were sent out by the third party. Our third parties also have been subject to 
social engineering attacks, one of which impacted our third-party cloud-based application which is used internally for client 
management. While to date we do not believe any of these incidents have had a material impact on Aegon, there is no 
guarantee that the measures that Aegon and its third-party service providers take will be sufficient to stop all types of attacks 
or mitigate all types of information security risks.
Actual or perceived data privacy non-compliance or security breaches may disrupt operations, harm reputation, 
and impact financial performance.
Various government and administrative bodies have established numerous rules protecting the privacy and security of 
personal and sensitive information held by Aegon. Notably, Aegon's businesses are subject to laws and regulations enacted 
by US federal and state governments, the European Union (EU), the UK, and other jurisdictions. Aegon’s EU and UK operations 
are mainly governed by the EU GDPR and UK GDPR. Additionally, several Asian and Latin American jurisdictions have enacted 
or updated privacy and information security laws and regulations. In the US, the New York Department of Financial Services 
(NYDFS), pursuant to its cybersecurity regulation, requires financial institutions regulated by the NYDFS, including certain 
Aegon subsidiaries, to, among other things, satisfy an extensive set of minimum information security requirements, including 
but not limited to governance, management, reporting, policy, technology, and control requirements. Other states have 
adopted similar, cybersecurity laws and regulations as New York. In November 2023, NYDFS amended its Part 500 
Cybersecurity Rules (the Amendment) to adopt heightened information security requirements in relation to cybersecurity 
governance, cybersecurity risk assessments, incident reporting, and other requirements that apply to Aegon’s operations and 
will require further implementation efforts for Aegon. The timeline to comply with the Amendment reflects a phased approach, 
which began on December 1, 2023 and ended on November 1, 2025. Transamerica has met the compliance deadlines to date.
Risk factors Aegon Ltd.
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 281

[page 282]
Numerous other US state and federal laws also impose various information security and privacy related obligations with 
respect to various Aegon subsidiaries operating in the US, including but not limited to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and related 
state laws and implementing regulations (GLBA), the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and the Health Insurance 
Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), among many others. These laws generally provide for governmental investigative 
and enforcement authority, and in certain cases provide for private rights of action.
Legislators and regulators overseeing Aegon's businesses are increasingly enacting enhanced information security and data 
privacy laws and regulations. The scope and number of these laws continue to grow annually. Additionally, Aegon's 
businesses face contractual restrictions regarding the use and handling of sensitive information from clients and business 
partners.
Aegon, employees, third-party providers, and business partners routinely process personal information of consumers and 
employees. To protect this data, Aegon relies on numerous processes and controls. However, there is a risk of inappropriate 
disclosure or misuse of personal or confidential information, either intentionally or unintentionally, by employees, contractors, 
third-party providers, or systems. Unauthorized information security attacks could also occur. Failure to maintain adequate 
controls or comply with relevant laws and regulations could lead to data misappropriation, disrupted operations, reputational 
damage, increased regulatory scrutiny, civil or criminal penalties, or litigation. These issues could materially affect Aegon's 
business, financial condition, and operations.
Aegon analyzes personal and customer data to manage its business, adhering to applicable laws and regulations. Additional 
regulatory restrictions on data use may be imposed, and recent years have seen increased privacy and information security 
obligations from various governments. Failure or a perceived failure to comply with these obligations relating to the privacy, 
security and processing of information could result in legal claims or proceedings (including class actions), regulatory 
investigations or enforcement actions, and could significantly impact Aegon's business, financial condition, and operations.
Model inaccuracies or differing interpretations of underlying methodologies, assumptions applied in models, 
or model estimates may materially affect business performance, financial condition, and operating results.
Aegon uses econometric, financial, and actuarial models to measure and manage multiple types of risk, in order to price 
products and to establish and assess key valuations and report financial results. All these functions are critical to Aegon’s 
operations. Aegon has a model risk management framework in place to manage modeling risk. If, despite this framework, 
models, their underlying methodologies, assumptions and estimates, or their implementation and monitoring prove to be 
inaccurate, this could have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Errors or limitations in quantitative models used in investment products may result in client losses, regulatory 
actions, or litigation.
Aegon’s business units may utilize quantitative models, algorithms, calculations (whether proprietary or supplied by third 
parties) (models), information, or data supplied by third parties (data) for the management of, or to assist in the management 
of, investment products offered to clients. Examples of such investment products include volatility-controlled funds, mutual 
funds, separately managed accounts, and other types of advisory accounts. models and data are used to construct sets of 
transactions and investments, to provide risk management insights, and may be used to assist in hedging investments. If 
models and data prove to be incorrect or incomplete, any decisions made, in whole or part, in reliance thereon expose the 
investment product to additional risks. Similarly, any hedging based on faulty models and data may prove to be unsuccessful. 
The applicable investment product bears the risk that models or data used will not be successful, and the product may not 
achieve its investment objective.
Models can be predictive in nature. The use of predictive models has inherent risks. For example, such models may incorrectly 
forecast future behavior, leading to potential losses on a cash flow and/or a mark-to-market basis. In addition, in unforeseen or 
certain low-probability scenarios (often involving a market disruption of some kind), such models may produce unexpected 
results, which can result in losses for an investment product. Furthermore, the success of relying on or otherwise using 
models depends on a number of factors, including the validity, accuracy and completeness of the model’s development, 
implementation and maintenance, the model’s assumptions, factors, algorithms and methodologies, and the accuracy and 
reliability of the supplied historical or other data.
Models rely on, among other things, correct and complete data inputs. If incorrect data is entered into even a well-founded 
model, the resulting information will be incorrect. However, even if data is input correctly, model prices may differ substantially 
from market prices, especially for securities with complex characteristics. Investments selected with the use of models may 
perform differently than expected as a result of the design of the model, inputs into the model, or other factors.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
282 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 283]
In addition, if investment products offered by Aegon’s affiliates experience model errors or use erroneous data, this could 
result in regulatory actions and/or litigation brought against Aegon and/or its affiliates.
Bankruptcy, service disruptions, or poor performance by third-party providers or their subcontractors may 
adversely affect operational effectiveness and financial condition.
As part of its strategy to reduce operational expenses, Aegon has outsourced certain information technology, business 
processes, finance and actuarial services, investment management, and policy administration services that are important 
to its business. This trend may continue. However, if Aegon’s outsourcing strategy is ineffective, or if third-party providers and 
their subcontractors fail to deliver essential services due to performance issues, noncompliance with legal or regulatory 
requirements, or data security breaches, Aegon may not achieve the intended operational efficiencies or cost savings, and 
may incur additional costs to transfer the outsourced services to a different service provider or bring the service in-house. 
This could also result in reduced service quality for customers.
In such cases, Aegon may struggle to secure suitable alternative providers, potentially leading to financial losses, reputational 
damage, operational setbacks, increased costs, and customer attrition. Importantly, Aegon remains accountable to its 
policyholders and customers, regardless of outsourcing arrangements. Failures by third-party providers may expose Aegon 
to liability and litigation, which could be costly, time-consuming, and reputationally damaging – even if the company ultimately 
prevails.
Additionally, reliance on providers based in other countries introduces further risks, including political instability, cultural 
differences, and varying regulatory environments, all of which could disrupt Aegon’s ability to operate effectively.
Challenges in attracting, retaining or motivating key personnel, especially in competitive talent markets or during 
organizational change, may impact strategic objectives.
As a global financial services provider, Aegon’s success heavily depends on its ability to attract and retain highly qualified 
professionals across the diverse markets in which it operates. The availability of skilled talent in critical roles is essential 
for delivering on strategic objectives. However, competition for talent – particularly in areas such as digital services and 
information technology – is intense, with Aegon competing not only with financial institutions but also with companies in 
the consumer and technology sectors.
Aegon’s ability to remain competitive in the talent market is influenced by the attractiveness of its compensation and benefits, 
workplace flexibility, organizational culture, and alignment of company values with those of current and prospective 
employees. If these factors are perceived as less favorable than those offered by peers or other industries, Aegon may face 
challenges in hiring and retaining staff, potentially leading to knowledge loss and operational disruption.
Furthermore, strategic initiatives such as acquisitions, divestitures or reorganizations may impact employee morale, disrupt 
company culture, and hinder efforts to retain or motivate key personnel. A lack of effective social dialogue – whether real or 
perceived – can also negatively affect the work environment, productivity, and Aegon’s reputation.
Political, regulatory and supervisory risks
Any further requirements to increase Aegon's technical provisions and/or hold more regulatory capital may 
impact Aegon’s financial condition and/or decrease Aegon’s returns on its products. 
Prudential regulatory requirements, such as requirements with respect to the calculation of technical provisions, capital 
requirements, the eligibility of own funds, and the regulatory treatment of investments may change. Such requirements apply 
not only to individual entities in the Aegon group, but may additionally apply at the Group level or to part of the Aegon group. 
Such changes could require Aegon to increase technical provisions, hold higher amounts of regulatory capital, and subject it 
to more stringent requirements with respect to investments and/or own funds, and could result in increased risk management 
costs and reporting costs. Important examples include changes to applicable capital requirements by the Bermuda Monetary 
Authority (BMA), as Group supervisor, or as local regulator, or the European Union and/or the interpretation thereof by the 
European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (EIOPA), the National Association of Insurance Commissioners 
(NAIC) in the US or US state regulators, Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA) in the UK, or other local regulators in jurisdictions 
in which Aegon operates. Aegon cannot predict specific proposals that might be adopted, or what impact, if any, such 
proposals or, if enacted, such laws may have on its businesses, results of operations, or financial condition. Furthermore, 
any such proposals or laws may have different, and more or less impact, depending on their scope and the entities to which 
they apply.
Risk factors Aegon Ltd.
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 283

[page 284]
The way such requirements are applied to groups like Aegon has an impact on the Aegon group’s capital position, as well as 
on the availability of capital at a group level. Changes to prudential regulatory requirements may have an impact on Aegon’s 
competitive position versus companies that are not subject to these or similar requirements at a group level. As an 
example, Aegon’s group solvency ratio and surplus under the Bermuda solvency framework will be broadly in line with that 
under the Solvency II Regime during a transition period until the end of 2027. This includes the method to translate 
Transamerica’s capital position into the group solvency position. Changes to this methodology, including the transition to the 
Bermuda solvency framework or, post redomiciliation, to the US capital framework, might have an impact on Aegon’s capital 
position.
There are several important regulatory standards with respect to capital adequacy that apply to Aegon and are subject to 
change, which changes could impact Aegon’s financial condition and results. A description of the applicable regulatory 
regimes, the Group supervision approach, the Group solvency approach, and Aegon’s designation as an IAIG are included in 
the Regulation and Supervision section of this Annual Report.
In addition to requirements imposed by regulatory and/or supervisory authorities and changes to them, rating agencies may 
incorporate higher capital thresholds into their quantitative analyses, thus requiring additional capital for Aegon Ltd. and/or its 
regulated subsidiaries to maintain their desired credit ratings. The application of these capital standards and changes thereto 
could adversely affect Aegon’s ability to compete with other insurers that are not subject to those capital requirements. These 
requirements may also lead Aegon to engage in transactions that affect capital and constrain Aegon’s ability to pay dividends 
or repurchase its own shares. Furthermore, such requirements may constrain Aegon’s ability to provide guarantees and may 
increase the cost to Aegon of offering certain products, resulting in price increases, discontinuance of offering of certain 
products or reducing the amount of risk Aegon takes on. Aegon may also consider structural and other business alternatives 
in light of requirements or standards applicable with respect to entities or activities associated with systemic risk. The impact 
of these alternatives on shareholders cannot be predicted.
Political or regional developments, instability or unrest may adversely affect international business operations 
and financial condition.
Political developments, instability or unrest in countries or regions where Aegon operates may negatively impact the 
company’s international business activities and financial condition. Developments such as foreign investment restrictions, 
barriers to capital transfers, civil unrest, geopolitical tensions, or military conflicts, as well as elections that significantly alter 
political landscapes, can introduce uncertainty and risk.
Additionally, the imposition of tariffs, sanctions, or other trade barriers, along with evolving legal and regulatory requirements 
related to investment, employment, migration, and global supply chains, may adversely affect Aegon’s operations. These risks 
could lead to business disruptions in affected regions, increased costs to serve customers, and challenges in executing 
strategic transactions, ultimately impacting Aegon’s financial results, condition, and liquidity.
Changes in accounting standards may impact reported results and shareholders’ equity.
Aegon’s consolidated financial statements are prepared and presented in accordance with IFRS. On December 10, 2025, 
Aegon announced its intention to relocate its head office to the United States and transition from IFRS to US GAAP. 
Changes in these accounting standards, including the adoption of US GAAP, may have a significant impact on the level 
and volatility of Aegon’s reported results of operations, financial condition, shareholders’ equity, and dividend.
Local statutes, regulators, and decisions of supervisory and other authorities may limit the ability of Aegon’s 
subsidiaries and participations to pay dividends to Aegon Ltd., thereby limiting Aegon’s ability to make payments 
on debt obligations and operating expenses.
As a holding company, Aegon’s most significant assets are the stock of its subsidiaries. Aegon’s ability to make payments on 
debt obligations and pay operating expenses are dependent on the receipt of dividends from subsidiaries and participations 
in various jurisdictions, in particular, but not limited to the US, the Netherlands, and the UK. Many of these entities are subject to 
regulatory restrictions that can limit the payment of dividends. In addition, local regulators in the countries where Aegon 
operates, supervisory authorities and other authorities (such as the BMA, EIOPA or the European Systemic Risk Board) may 
decide to impose or advise on further restrictions to dividend payments, or discourage such payments, specifically in 
exceptional and unpredictable economic circumstances. This may adversely affect Aegon’s ability to satisfy its debt 
obligations or pay its operating expenses.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
284 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 285]
Risks of application of intervention measures may adversely affect Aegon’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition.
Bermuda’s Insurance Act 1978 has been amended to give the BMA powers to make rules for recovery planning pursuant to 
which the BMA published the Insurance Prudential Standards Recovery Plan Rules 2024. These rules aim to ensure that 
insurers prepare for a range of possible adverse situations ahead of any severe stress condition. These rules came into 
operation on 1 May 2025. The BMA plans to publicly consult on the design and implementation of an insurance resolution 
regime in line with the standards of the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS). The Dutch Act on Recovery & 
Resolution for Insurers ("R&R Act") allows the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) to intervene in situations where a Dutch insurer or 
reinsurer is faced with financial difficulties. The powers under the R&R Act may also extend to the level of a group to which a 
Dutch insurer belongs, and to entities, in addition to insurance or reinsurance entities in the Netherlands, which are part of that 
group, such as a.s.r.
In addition, the R&R Act allows DNB to require a Dutch insurance or reinsurance company or a group to remove, ex ante, 
material impediments to effect resolution of a Dutch insurance or reinsurance undertaking (such as the revision of financing 
arrangements, the reduction of exposures, the transfer of assets, the termination or limitation of business activities, or the 
prohibition on starting certain business activities, changing the legal or operational structure of its group, or securing certain 
critical business lines). Further, when the stability of the financial system is threatened by the condition of a financial 
institution, such as a.s.r., the Dutch Minister of Finance may intervene immediately, which measures may include the right to 
expropriate assets of the financial institution or securities and/or other financial instruments issued by or with the cooperation 
of the financial institution. The application of any of the foregoing measures, or any anticipated application thereof, in respect 
of a.s.r. may materially and adversely impact the performance of a.s.r. and the value of Aegon’s participation in a.s.r.
In January 2025, the EU Insurance Recovery and Resolution Directive (IRRD) entered into force. The IRRD introduces minimum 
standards for insurance recovery and resolution frameworks in EU member states, such as the Dutch R&R Act, and will apply 
to EU insurance and reinsurance companies that are subject to Solvency II. The IRRD provides these authorities with similar 
resolution and intervention tools to apply. The consequence of the IRRD is that in addition to a.s.r., Aegon’s insurance 
subsidiaries and joint ventures in Spain and Portugal become subject to the EU recovery and resolution framework from 
January 2027 onwards. The exercise of any resolution action by national resolution authorities in relation to its businesses in 
Spain and Portugal, may adversely affect the value of those businesses.
Legal and Compliance
Legal proceedings, arbitration outcomes, or regulatory actions may negatively impact business operations and 
financial results.
Aegon faces significant risks of litigation as well as regulatory exams, investigations, and actions relating to its and its 
subsidiaries' businesses. Aegon is also subject to compliance with laws and regulations applicable to it as a corporate entity.
Aegon and its affiliated regulated entities are routinely the subject of litigation, including purported class actions, investigation 
and regulatory activity by various governmental and enforcement authorities, individual claimants, policyholder advocate 
groups and third parties in the jurisdictions in which Aegon does or did business, including the US, the Netherlands, and the UK. 
These actions may involve issues including, but not limited to, employment or distribution relationships; operational and 
internal controls and processes; investment returns; sales practices; claims payments and practices; transparency and 
adequacy of product disclosures, including regarding costs; environmental and climate change related matters; competition 
and antitrust matters; data privacy; information security; and intellectual property.
Aegon entities are subject to anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and these require Aegon to develop and implement 
customer identification and risk-based anti-money laundering programs, report suspicious activity, and maintain certain 
records. Further, Aegon entities are required to adhere to certain economic and trade sanctions programs, including EU, US, 
UK, and UN programs, that prohibit or restrict transactions with suspected persons, governments, and, in certain 
circumstances, geographies. In addition, Aegon entities are subject to anti-corruption and bribery laws and regulations.
Government and regulatory investigations may result in the institution of administrative, injunctive, or other proceedings and/ 
or the imposition of monetary fines, penalties and/or disgorgement as well as other remedies, sanctions, damages and 
restitutionary amounts. Regulators, policyholder advocate groups, parties to litigation and other third parties may also seek 
changes to the way Aegon operates. Aegon subsidiaries are routinely subject to inquiries, litigation, and investigations by 
regulators and have agreed to pay fines, in some cases substantial, or to modify business practices in connection with those 
matters.
Risk factors Aegon Ltd.
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 285

[page 286]
Failure to implement robust and effective risk management and respective controls in relation to anti-money laundering and 
anti-corruption and bribery, and other business conduct, could result in regulatory scrutiny, enforcement proceedings, 
sanctions, penalties, or damages to Aegon’s reputation. which could have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s businesses, 
financial condition and result of operations.
Customers of certain of Aegon’s products bear significant investment risks with respect to those products which are affected 
by fluctuations in equity markets as well as interest rate movements. When investment returns disappoint, are volatile, or 
change due to changes in the market or other relevant conditions, customers may threaten or bring litigation against Aegon.
The existence of potential claims may remain unknown for long periods of time after the events giving rise to such claims. 
Determining the likelihood of exposure to Aegon and the extent of any such exposure may not be possible for long periods of 
time after Aegon becomes aware of such potential claims. Litigation exposure as well may develop and fluctuate over long 
periods of time; once litigation is initiated, it may be protracted and subject to multiple levels of appeal, which can lead to 
significant costs of defense, distraction, and other constraints.
In some jurisdictions, plaintiffs may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts under enhanced liability legal 
theories or claims of bad faith, which can result in tort, punitive and/or statutory damages. Damages alleged may not be 
quantifiable or supportable or may have no relationship to economic losses or final awards. As a result, Aegon cannot predict 
the effect of litigation, investigations or other actions on its business, financial conditions and results of operation.
US-based Aegon subsidiaries have faced, and may from time to time continue to face, employment-related lawsuits from time 
to time, alleging that the subsidiaries mischaracterized agents as independent contractors instead of employees. Claims like 
this against US-based subsidiaries could result in significant settlements or judgments and could necessitate a change in the 
distribution model, which would be costly and could have a material impact on the financial results for that part of the US 
business. Separately, we may also be subject to litigation regarding our marketing practices or related regulations, which may 
likewise require us to incur significant costs or revise any practices in question.
There is also a continued risk of climate-related litigation. For example, plaintiffs have brought litigation against a variety of 
companies alleging that their actions have contributed to the increase of greenhouse gas emissions and resultant physical 
climate impacts. While Aegon is not currently subject to any such litigation, certain company practices have been criticized 
by certain NGOs, including NGOs which have previously successfully brought climate litigation against Dutch companies. 
While Aegon has engaged with NGOs to reduce the risk of litigation, it cannot guarantee that these engagements will be 
successful.
There can be no assurances that these matters will not ultimately result in a material adverse effect on Aegon’s business, 
results of operations, competitive position, reputation, and financial condition. For additional information on material 
proceedings in which Aegon is involved reference is made to the consolidated financial statements, note 39 Commitments 
and contingencies of Aegon’s Annual Report 2025.
Changes in government regulations in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates may affect profitability and 
operating models.
Aegon’s regulated businesses, such as insurance and asset management, are subject to comprehensive regulation and 
supervision. The primary purpose of such regulation is to protect clients of these regulated businesses (for example, 
policyholders), rather than holders of Aegon shares, capital securities and/or debt instruments. Changes in existing laws and 
regulations and the interpretation of these laws and regulations by courts or regulators may affect the way in which Aegon 
conducts its businesses, including its relationship with distributors of its products and other third parties and the structure of 
its relationship with employees. These changes may be open to interpretation and evolution through judicial and enforcement 
action. Such changes may also affect the profitability of its businesses and the products it offers. In addition, the laws or 
regulations adopted or amended from time to time may impose greater restrictions on Aegon’s financial flexibility and 
operations or may result in higher costs. Such laws or regulations may relate to topics including but not limited to financial and 
accounting requirements; licensing of companies and agents to conduct business; products, including policy forms and 
premium rates; holding company matters that regulate transactions between regulated entities and other subsidiaries and 
affiliates; information security, data privacy, transfer, storage, and usage requirements; modeling and other actuarial 
requirements and standards; and investments, reserves, and financial management. In addition, laws and regulations in one 
state or country could be conflicting or inconsistent with similar laws and regulations in another state or country, leading to 
challenges where Aegon is doing business in both.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
286 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 287]
Regulatory changes may include measures that are addressed specifically to larger and internationally active groups. 
ComFrame, which was adopted in November 2019 by the IAIS, establishes minimum supervisory standards and guidance 
on the effective group-wide supervision of IAIGs and builds on the IAIS Insurance Core Principles (a set of principles that is 
applicable to all insurers). Therefore, IAIGs may be subject to additional standards that other insurers or other insurance 
groups are not subject to. Aegon’s designation as IAIG may evolve over time as its transformation continues.
The implementation of ComFrame and the holistic framework, as well as other requirements aimed to address macro- 
prudential concerns or concerns related to its capacity as an internationally active group, may cause Aegon to engage in 
transactions that affect capital or constrain Aegon’s ability to pay dividends or repurchase its own shares. Furthermore, such 
requirements may constrain Aegon’s ability to provide guarantees and increase the cost to Aegon of offering certain products 
resulting in price increases, leading to the discontinuance of offering of certain products or reducing the amount of risk Aegon 
takes on. Aegon may consider structural and other business alternatives in light of requirements or standards applicable with 
respect to systemic entities or activities, of which the impact on shareholders cannot be predicted.
During the transition period to the Bermuda solvency requirements, Aegon’s EU insurance subsidiaries remain subject to the 
Solvency II framework, while Aegon at Group level is partially subject to the Solvency II framework. Impacts of amendments to 
the Solvency II directive would be principally felt in the Group’s EU subsidiaries, with second order impacts on Group in line 
with their materiality to the Group.
Regulations and regulatory developments that impose new, heightened, conflicting or differing standards of care or 
restrictions on broker-dealers, insurance agents, or advisers, could have a material impact on annuity sales and, as applicable, 
life insurance sales.
Changes in pension and employee benefit regulation, social security regulation, financial services regulation, taxation and the 
regulation of securities products and transactions, and the regulation of employee workplace standards may adversely affect 
Aegon’s ability to sell new policies or claims exposure on existing policies.
A further increase of state-run retirement programs for private-sector employees in the US could directly compete with 
private-market retirement plans. State-run retirement programs have expanded rapidly.
In general, changes in laws and regulations may materially increase Aegon’s direct and indirect compliance costs and other 
ongoing business expenses and may have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s businesses, financial condition, or results of 
operations.
Aegon may not be able to comply fully with, or obtain appropriate exemptions from, the wide variety of laws and regulations 
applicable to its businesses and legal entities. Failure to comply with or to obtain appropriate exemptions under any 
applicable laws and regulations may result in restrictions on Aegon’s ability to do business in one or more of the jurisdictions 
in which Aegon operates and may result in fines and other sanctions, which may have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s 
businesses, financial condition or results of operations.
Evolving scrutiny of and attention to sustainability matters may lead to reputational or financial risk related to 
stakeholder sustainability expectations.
Across all industries, including financial services, stakeholders have diverging expectations with regard to climate, human 
capital, and other sustainability practices of companies. In addition, new legislation and standards are being introduced by 
governments, regulators, NGOs, and other third parties, which reflect these diverging perspectives. Any failure to successfully 
address such matters may lead to increased costs, litigation, and other forms of activism, enforcement actions, or other 
challenges for our business.
In this dynamic and rapidly evolving landscape, Aegon may face challenges due to the pace of change or from balancing the 
divergent nature of stakeholder expectations. This may impact its reputation, products and sales, as well as its activities and 
investments, including long-term investments. Compliance with both regulations and publicly stated goals may come with 
substantial costs, including in connection with sustainability-related disclosures or other requirements. There is also a risk of 
activism or litigation by stakeholders with divergent views on sustainability matters, particularly for our investment 
management business. This may impact our attractiveness to investors or our ability to recruit and retain customers and 
employees.
Risk factors Aegon Ltd.
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 287

[page 288]
While we obtain limited assurance on our EU CSRD-related disclosures, errors or misstatements in our sustainability 
disclosures, some of which are voluntary, may result in litigation or reputational risk. Additionally, sustainability information 
often relies on data, assumptions, and methodologies that are uncertain or continue to evolve, both of which may increase the 
risk of deviation from stakeholder expectations.
Aegon has adopted sustainability goals, targets, and metrics, including in relation to climate change, inclusion and other 
sustainability matters. However, such initiatives may result in costs or become subject to conditions that are outside its 
control, and the company cannot guarantee their actual results. If Aegon cannot meet these goals fully or on time, or if it is 
perceived to have not sufficiently addressed sustainability matters, the company may face reputational damage, litigation, 
or unexpected costs.
Tax risks may have a material adverse effect on Aegon's businesses, profits, capital position, and financial 
condition. 
Tax risks are risks associated with an organization's tax practices that may negatively impact its objectives or cause financial 
or reputational harm. Most tax risks relate to Aegon's products and its businesses, and they come in various forms.
One risk is legislative change, including changes in tax laws, interpretations, jurisprudence, or new taxes. Examples include 
changes to tax rates, loss carry-over rules, and customer taxation. Aegon’s insurance products often offer tax benefits, such 
as deferred taxation on earnings. However, lawmakers have periodically proposed changes that could reduce these 
advantages, potentially affecting product appeal and sales.
Another risk is non-compliance with tax regulations due to inaccurate, incomplete, or late reporting or late payment of taxes. 
This can lead to higher tax charges, penalties, and interest. Poor reporting may also result in financial statements that 
misrepresent tax positions.
Finally, Aegon also faces reputational risk from perceived aggressive tax practices. Such perceptions could harm its 
reputation and negatively impact its business. Overall, tax risks pose a serious threat to Aegon’s business performance, 
profitability, capital position, and financial condition.
Aegon's domiciliation in Bermuda may complicate the service of process or enforcement of judgments against 
the company or its directors and officers in the US.
Aegon is incorporated under the laws of Bermuda, and the rights of its shareholders will be governed by Bermuda law and its 
memorandum of continuance and bye-laws. In addition, certain Aegon Directors and officers reside outside the US. Aegon has 
been advised by Bermuda counsel that there is no treaty in force between the US and Bermuda providing for the reciprocal 
recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to 
effect service of process on those persons in the US or to enforce in the US judgments obtained in US courts against us or 
those persons based on the civil liability provisions of the US securities laws. It is doubtful whether courts in Bermuda will 
enforce judgments obtained in other jurisdictions, including the US, against Aegon or its Directors or officers under the 
securities laws of those jurisdictions or entertain actions in Bermuda against Aegon or its Directors or officers under the 
securities laws of other jurisdictions. In addition to and irrespective of jurisdictional issues, the Bermuda courts will not 
enforce a US federal securities law that is either penal or contrary to public policy in Bermuda. It is the advice of our Bermuda 
counsel that an action brought pursuant to a public or penal law, the purpose of which is the enforcement of a sanction, power, 
or right at the instance of the state in its sovereign capacity, will not be entertained by a Bermuda court. Certain remedies 
available under the laws of US jurisdictions, including certain remedies under US federal securities laws, would not be 
available under Bermuda law or enforceable in a Bermuda court, as they would be contrary to Bermuda public policy. Further, 
no claim may be brought in Bermuda against Aegon or its Directors and officers in the first instance for violation of US federal 
securities laws because these laws have no extraterritorial jurisdiction under Bermuda law and do not have force of law 
in Bermuda. A Bermuda court may, however, impose civil liability on Aegon or its Directors and officers if the facts alleged 
in a complaint constitute or give rise to a cause of action under Bermuda law.
Intellectual property may be difficult to protect and vulnerable to infringement claims.
Aegon relies on a combination of contractual rights with third parties and copyright, trademark, patent, and trade secret laws 
to establish and protect Aegon’s intellectual property. Third parties may infringe on or misappropriate Aegon’s intellectual 
property, and it is possible that third parties may claim that Aegon has infringed on or misappropriated their intellectual 
property rights. Any resulting proceedings in which Aegon would have to enforce and protect its intellectual property or 
defend itself against a claim of infringement of a third party's intellectual property may require significant effort and resources 
and may not prove successful. As a result of any proceeding in which Aegon would have to enforce and protect its intellectual 
property, Aegon may lose intellectual property protection, which may have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s businesses, 
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
288 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 289]
results of operations, financial condition, and Aegon’s ability to compete and pursue future business opportunities. As a result 
of any proceeding in which Aegon would have to defend itself against a claim of infringement of a third party's intellectual 
property, Aegon may be required to pay substantial costs to defend itself or, if unsuccessful, pay damages and/or be subject 
to injunctive relief, which may have a material adverse effect on Aegon’s businesses, results of operations and financial 
condition.
Risks relating to Aegon's common shares
The company’s share price may be volatile and decline unexpectedly, limiting resale value.
The price at which Aegon’s common shares trade is influenced by many factors, some of which are specific to Aegon. 
For example, Aegon may decide to offer additional common shares in the future, e.g., to strengthen Aegon’s capital position 
in response to regulatory changes or to support an acquisition.
Other factors could be related to the insurance industry and equity markets in general. As a result of these factors, investors 
may not be able to resell their common shares at or above the price paid for them. In particular, the following factors, in 
addition to other risk factors described in this section, may have a potential material impact on the market price of Aegon’s 
common shares:
 Investor perception of Aegon as a company;
 Actual or anticipated fluctuations in Aegon’s results of operations;
 Announcements of intended acquisitions, disposals (and related approvals or refusals from governmental or regulatory 
authorities) or financings, or speculation about these matters;
 The value of Aegon shares may also be impacted by a.s.r. related (idiosyncratic) events;
 Changes in Aegon’s dividend policy, which may result from changes in Aegon’s cash flow and capital position;
 Restructuring of Aegon’s capital, offering of additional shares by Aegon or sales of blocks of Aegon’s shares by significant 
shareholders, including Vereniging Aegon or the public perception that such may occur;
 
A downgrade or rumored downgrade of Aegon’s credit or financial strength ratings, including placement on credit watch;
 Potential litigation or regulatory actions involving Aegon or the insurance industry in general;
 Changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities research analysts;
 Fluctuations in capital markets, including foreign exchange rates, interest rates and equity markets;
 The performance of other companies in the insurance sector;
 Regulatory developments in the US, the Netherlands, the UK, Bermuda and other countries in which Aegon operates;
 International political and economic conditions, including the effects of terrorist attacks, military operations and other 
developments stemming from such events, and the uncertainty related to these developments;
 
News or analyst reports related to markets or industries in which Aegon operates; and
 General insurance market conditions.
Vereniging Aegon, with potential significant voting power, may influence corporate decisions.
Vereniging Aegon holds 32.6% of Aegon's voting shares. For details on the shareholding of Vereniging Aegon, its 
developments, the 1983 Amended Merger Agreement, and the Voting Rights Agreement, please refer to the Major 
shareholders section of this Annual Report.
Following the 1983 Amended Merger Agreement between Aegon Ltd. and Vereniging Aegon, Vereniging Aegon has a call 
option on common shares B, which Vereniging Aegon may exercise to keep or restore its total stake at 32.6%, irrespective of 
the circumstances that cause the total shareholding to be or become lower than 32.6%.
Under Bermuda law and Aegon's bye-laws, common shares and common shares B offer equal full voting rights, as they have 
equal nominal values (EUR 0.12). The financial rights attached to a common share B are 1/40 of the financial rights attached 
to a common share. The Voting Rights Agreement between Aegon Ltd. and Vereniging Aegon ensures that under normal 
circumstances, that is, except in the event of a Special Cause, Vereniging Aegon will no longer be able to exercise more votes 
than is proportionate to the financial rights represented by its shares. This means that in the absence of a Special Cause, 
Vereniging Aegon will cast one vote for every common share it holds and one vote only for every 40 common shares B. 
It is at the sole discretion of Vereniging Aegon to determine if a Special Cause has occurred. A Special Cause includes the 
acquisition of a 15% interest in Aegon Ltd., a tender offer for Aegon Ltd. shares or a proposed business combination by any 
person or group or persons, whether individually or as a group, other than in a transaction approved by the CEO and Board 
of Directors. In the event of a Special Cause, Vereniging Aegon’s voting rights will increase to 32.6% for up to six months. 
Consequently, Vereniging Aegon may have significant influence on the outcome of corporate actions requiring shareholder 
approval.
Risk factors Aegon Ltd.
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 289

[page 290]
Currency fluctuations may affect trading prices of common shares and cash distribution values.
Since Aegon’s common shares listed on Euronext Amsterdam are quoted in euros and Aegon’s common shares listed on 
NYSE are quoted in US dollars, fluctuations in exchange rates between the euro and the US dollar may affect the value of 
Aegon’s common shares. In addition, Aegon declares cash dividends in euros, but pays cash dividends, if any, on Aegon’s 
New York registry shares in US dollars based on an exchange rate set on the business day following the shareholder meeting 
approving the dividend. As a result, fluctuations in exchange rates may affect the US dollar value of any cash dividends paid.
The company's convertible securities may influence the market price of common shares.
In April 2019, Aegon issued EUR 500 million Perpetual Contingent Convertible Securities (PCCS). Upon the occurrence of a 
conversion trigger event the PCCS will be converted into common shares of the Company at the prevailing conversion price. 
A conversion trigger event shall occur if at any time: 1) the amount of eligible own funds items eligible to cover the Solvency 
Capital Requirement is equal to or less than 75% of the Solvency Capital Requirement; 2) the amount of own fund items 
eligible to cover the Minimum Capital Requirement is equal to or less than the Minimum Capital Requirement; 3) in the case 
that Minimum Capital Requirement is an event, such event occurs; or 4) a breach of the Solvency Capital Requirement has 
occurred, and such breach has not been remedied within a period of three months from the date on which the breach was first 
observed. The conversion price was set at EUR 2.994 per common share and will be adjusted upon the occurrence of dilutive 
events like stock splits, extraordinary dividends or stock dividends, rights issues, and others. A reduction of the conversion 
price will result in an increase in the number of common shares to be issued. The conversion triggers are based on the 
applicable Capital Adequacy Regulations. Under the Bermuda solvency framework specifically, the Enhanced Capital 
Requirement is comparable to the equivalent of the Solvency Capital Requirement and the Minimum Solvency Margin is 
comparable to equivalent to the Minimum Capital Requirement.
The PCCS and other convertible securities may influence the market for Aegon’s common shares. For example, the price of 
Aegon’s common shares may become more volatile and may be depressed by the issue of common shares upon conversion 
of the PCCS and/or any convertible securities or by the acceleration by investors of any convertible securities (or other such 
securities) that Aegon may have issued. Negative price developments may also result from hedging or arbitrage trading 
activity by holders of such convertible securities that may develop involving such convertible securities (or other such 
securities) and Aegon’s common shares. Any such developments may negatively affect the value of Aegon’s common shares.
Risk relating to our redomiciliation and relocation of our headquarters
There can be no assurance that the redomiciliation will happen or that we will realize the benefits we expect from 
a change in domicile.
On December 10, 2025, Aegon announced an intention to redomicile to the United States in order to accelerate our growth as 
a leading US life insurance and retirement group. We will not change our domicile unless we obtain all applicable legal and 
regulatory approvals and authorizations and we are in a position to comply with our legal obligations in our new jurisdiction of 
incorporation. Among other things, a change in domicile must be approved by simple majority in a meeting of shareholders in 
which at least one third (1/3) of the issued shares entitled to vote at such meeting is present or represented. There can be no 
assurances that any or all of those requirements will be satisfied. 
If any regulator or supervisor would assert that regulatory approval is required for the implementation of the redomiciliation 
and such approval is not forthcoming, or if the outcome of the appointment of a new group supervisor by the College of 
Supervisors is different than the assumption used by Aegon as part of the redomiciliation project, this may delay or, ultimately, 
prevent the implementation of the redomiciliation.
Even if the supervisors are satisfied and we do change our domicile, there can be no assurance that we will achieve any or 
all of the anticipated benefits of the change in domicile. For example, the change in regulatory regime as a result of the 
redomiciliation involves uncertainty as to the implications at the level of individual regulated subsidiaries, whereby Aegon’s 
regulated entities may be subject to additional requirements in accordance with the relevant jurisdiction’s local regulatory 
framework.
The redomiciliation and the relocation of our headquarters is a complex, long-term project with significant 
retention of personnel and execution risks, in connection with which we will incur substantial costs, which may 
exceed budgeted amounts, whether or not the change occurs.
We expect to incur significant costs in connection with seeking to change our domicile and location of our headquarters, 
including the preparation of audited US GAAP financial statements, and other financial, consulting, auditing, legal, tax and other 
professional costs regardless of whether we ultimately change our domicile and location of our headquarters.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
290 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 291]
The project’s complexity and long-term nature present high levels of uncertainty, significant resource demands, considerable 
opportunity costs, risk of retention of personnel, and elevated project execution risks. When managing a long-term project (2-3 
years), risk of retention of personnel and execution risks are elevated due to the extended timeline, evolving business, legal 
and regulatory environments, and other uncertainties which may result in budget overruns or the proposed change not being 
achieved on the timeline or in the manner expected, or at all.
We expect certain costs of doing business to increase after we change our domicile and location of our 
headquarters.
We will need to hire and train personnel familiar with legal and regulatory requirements that do not currently apply to us in 
connection with the change of our domicile and headquarters. We currently qualify as a foreign private issuer by the Securities 
and Exchange Commission, which among other things entitles us to comply with home country requirements instead of the 
requirements that apply to domestic US issuers. If the redomiciliation is completed, we will lose our foreign private issuer 
status, which will require us to comply with the Exchange Act’s domestic reporting regime.  The regulatory and compliance 
costs to us under US securities laws to comply with the reporting requirements applicable to a US domestic issuer will likely 
be higher than the costs we have historically incurred as a foreign private issuer. As a foreign private issuer, we also currently 
benefit from certain procedural requirements in connection with class action litigation in US courts that will no longer apply 
after we change our domicile. As a result, we expect that the relocation to the United States and / or loss of foreign private 
issuer status will increase our legal and financial compliance and other costs.
In addition, if the redomiciliation is completed, we may need to compensate certain holders of perpetual securities for US 
federal withholding taxes imposed on payments by us to the holders of such securities.
Our business may be negatively impacted by the change in domicile and relocation of our headquarters.
We currently expect the process of changing our domicile, if it occurs, to take approximately two years although there can be 
no assurances that it will not take longer.  During that time the demands on employees and management associated with the 
change in domicile and headquarters may have an impact on our ability to manage our operating businesses. The extended 
period between announcement and change may result in attrition risk, personnel leaving, loss of expertise or in increased 
costs to incentivize personnel to stay through the change in domicile and location of our headquarters. For more on risk of 
retention of personnel, refer to the Operational Risk risk factor titled “Challenges in attracting, retaining or motivating key 
personnel, especially in competitive talent markets or during organizational change, may impact strategic objectives”.
The change in accounting regime may create execution risks and impact the timeliness and accuracy of our 
financial reporting.
As part of the redomiciliation project, we will transition from IFRS to US GAAP, which requires significant changes to our 
accounting policies, systems, data processes, and internal controls. The complexity of this transition introduces risks related 
to timely and accurate financial reporting, including the potential for errors, misstatements, or audit findings during the 
implementation period. After the redomiciliation, we may not meet the US GAAP reporting timeline required of a US domestic 
issuer, which could increase compliance costs, divert management attention, or adversely affect our financial reporting, 
regulatory obligations, or stakeholder confidence.
The change in tax residency may increase our effective tax rate and compliance burden, and could limit future 
redomiciliation outside the US.
If the redomiciliation is completed, Aegon would become a US corporation and a US tax resident for US federal income tax 
purposes.  As a US tax resident, Aegon would be subject to the federal tax laws of the United States, which are complex, and 
include rules requiring current inclusion in income of earnings of certain foreign affiliates, along with other complex rules 
applicable to US-parented multinational groups.
Although Aegon does not currently expect the redomiciliation to increase its effective tax rate, there is a risk that Aegon’s 
effective tax rate may nonetheless increase in connection with the redomiciliation. Moreover, Aegon may incur one-time tax 
costs in connection with the redomiciliation, which could impact its effective tax rate on a temporary basis.   In addition, 
although Aegon does not currently intend to redomicile outside of the United States following the completion of the 
redomiciliation, US tax laws could significantly limit Aegon's ability to redomicile outside of the United States in the event 
Aegon determined that such a redomiciliation would be a prudent business decision in the future. 
Changes in US tax laws or in other facts and circumstances prior to or after the redomiciliation may raise additional tax 
considerations for Aegon that may alter the above.
Risk factors Aegon Ltd.
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 291

[page 292]
Redomiciliation may result in adverse tax consequences to holders of Aegon common shares.
If the redomiciliation is completed, Aegon would become a US corporation and US tax resident for US federal income tax 
purposes. Holders of Aegon common shares at the time of the redomiciliation may experience adverse tax consequences as 
a result of the redomiciliation. For example, US holders may recognize taxable income or gain as a result of the redomiciliation 
without the receipt of cash with which to pay such taxes. Additionally, non-US holders will generally be subject to a 30% (or 
reduced rate under an applicable income tax treaty) on distributions made by Aegon following the redomiciliation. Changes in 
US tax laws or in other facts and circumstances prior to or after the redomiciliation may raise additional tax and non-tax 
considerations for holders of Aegon common shares that may alter the above. Holders of Aegon common shares should 
consult their own tax advisor regarding the tax consequences to them if the redomiciliation is completed.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
292 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 293]
Sustainability 
information
294 Sustainability statement
295 General information
305 Environmental information
329 Social information
355 Governance information
363 EU Taxonomy
367 ESRS disclosure requirements
375 Additional information
375 Our commitments
378 Additional metrics
381 External recognition
382 Limited assurance report of the independent auditor on the sustainability 
statement 
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 293

[page 294]
Sustainability statement
Introduction
This chapter includes Aegon’s Sustainability statement. 
Although the implementation of the Corporate Sustainability 
Reporting Directive 2022/2464/EU (CSRD) into Dutch law 
is still pending, this Sustainability statement has been 
prepared in accordance with the European Sustainability 
Reporting Standards 2023/2772/EU (ESRS) and Article 8 of 
the Taxonomy Regulation 2020/852/EU. The Sustainability 
statement is part of the “Board Report” and is subject 
to limited assurance. Where applicable, we incorporate 
information by referring to other parts of this report to avoid 
duplication. The sections that are referenced are specified 
in the Incorporation by Reference table and subject 
to limited assurance1. Currently, Aegon is reporting under 
the first set of ESRS, which was issued in 2023. As part of 
the EU’s Omnibus I Directive, several amendments have 
been introduced to simplify sustainability reporting 
requirements under the CSRD. While the Directive was 
approved by the European Parliament and the Council of the 
European Union, the revised and simplified ESRS standards 
have not yet been finalized by the European Commission. 
Accordingly, Aegon continues to apply the existing ESRS 
framework.
This Sustainability statement includes relevant information 
about sustainability topics that are considered material 
as a result of the double materiality assessment conducted 
in line with the ESRS. Information not linked to a material 
topic but relevant to our sustainability approach and 
benchmarking is presented in the Additional information 
section. The Additional information section is not subject to 
limited assurance, unless referenced from the Sustainability 
statement. Where specific elements of information relating 
to non-material or out of scope topics are included in the 
Sustainability statement, this is indicated with "not material" 
or "out of scope."
Important note regarding materiality
Certain information in our Annual Report, including 
information in this Sustainability statement, is informed 
by various stakeholder expectations, non-US regulatory 
requirements, and/or third-party frameworks. Such 
information is not necessarily material as that term 
is defined under the US federal securities laws, even if 
we use the words “material”, “materiality”, or similar terms.
We are following disclosure requirements, particularly 
regarding sustainability, that are subject to a materiality 
standard that differs from, and in many cases is more 
expansive than, the definition under US federal securities 
laws. For example, the disclosures in the Sustainability 
statement align with the ESRS.
Under the ESRS, sustainability matters are “material” if 
they meet the criteria for “impact materiality,” “financial 
materiality,” or both (as such terms are defined by the ESRS). 
Investors are cautioned to read carefully the definitions 
of "financial materiality" and "impact materiality" below. 
These terms should not be assumed to have the same 
meaning as under US federal securities laws.
The ESRS state that a sustainability matter is material from 
an impact perspective when it pertains to the undertaking’s 
material actual or potential, positive or negative impacts on 
people or the environment over the short-, medium-, or long- 
term. As such, it is inherently focused on impacts to parties 
other than Aegon itself. The ESRS further provide that the 
materiality of an impact is based on its scale, scope, 
irremediable character (for negative impacts), and likelihood 
(for potential impacts).
Under ESRS, financial materiality is an expansion of the 
scope of materiality used in determining which information 
should be included in a company’s financial statements. 
According to ESRS, a sustainability matter is considered 
financially material if it triggers, or could reasonably be 
expected to trigger, material financial effects on the entity, if 
it generates risks or opportunities that materially influence, 
or could reasonably be expected to influence, the entity’s 
development, financial position, financial performance, cash 
flows, access to finance, or cost of capital over the short-, 
medium-, or long-term. The ESRS also state that such 
information is considered material if omitting, misstating, 
or obscuring that information could reasonably be expected 
to influence decisions that the primary users of general- 
purpose financial reports make on the basis of an entity’s 
sustainability statement.
Determining the materiality of such information, under any 
standard, often requires substantial judgment and, given 
the timelines involved for many of these disclosures, 
is inherently difficult to assess far in advance.
Our KPIs and other metrics have not been validated by an external body other than our assurance provider.1
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
294 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 295]
General information
  
Basis of preparation
Reporting scope
This Sustainability statement has been prepared on a 
consolidated basis. The reporting scope includes Aegon Ltd. 
and its subsidiaries, as defined in the consolidation scope 
of the financial statements (see note 2.2 Basis of 
consolidation). The disclosed sustainability information 
(qualitative and quantitative) covers the same period as the 
financial statements, which is the full calendar year 2025. 
Figures in the metrics tables may not add up exactly due to 
rounding.
In addition, this Sustainability statement includes information 
about material matters in relevant parts of Aegon’s value 
chain, to the extent that the information is available and the 
phased-in option1 was not applied.
Aegon does not have financial control or operational control 
over its joint ventures and associates and therefore material 
matters connected to joint ventures and associates were 
assessed as part of the value chain. How material matters 
are connected to our value chain is described under each 
material topic, starting with the Environmental information. A 
complete overview of disclosures where Aegon makes use 
of the phased-in option is presented in the Phased-in and 
omissions table.
Value chain
The table below illustrates Aegon’s value chain. It includes 
a high-level overview of main activities and actors split by 
upstream, own operations, and downstream activities.
The upstream activities support Aegon’s value chain and 
include procurement and capital sourcing. Suppliers and 
investors are key actors. The diverse supplier base includes 
facility suppliers, consultants, professional services such as 
auditors, legal advisors, and ICT services.
The key actor in our own operations is own workforce, who 
carry out activities related to our core business as well as 
support functions such as human resources management, 
technology, procurement, risk, and facility management.
In 2025 we grouped our downstream activities into two main 
categories, namely insurance2 & pension and investment 
management. This grouping was part of our approach to 
make the value chain more focused and straightforward, 
compared to our 2024 overview of the value chain. 
Distribution partners within our insurance and pension 
segment can be further broken down into retail, workplace, 
and institutional. The retail distribution channel supports end 
customers with individual solutions; the workplace 
distribution channel supports individuals primarily through 
their employers; and the institutional distribution channel 
serves institutional clients in providing solutions to the end 
customers.
Some of our downstream activities are outsourced to third- 
party service providers.
Investment management covers investment activities 
across asset classes, either on behalf of third-party clients 
or for Aegon’s own account. The general account portfolio 
consists of assets over which Aegon can exercise 
investment decisions, in compliance with local laws and 
regulations. For separate account assets, customers select 
from our investment solutions and assume the associated 
risks and returns. Both general and separate account assets 
are part of Aegon's balance sheet and have been assessed 
for material impacts, risks, and opportunities (IROs) as part 
of our Double Materiality Assessment (DMA).
For certain disclosure requirements, ESRS allows for a phased-in approach in cases where preparing the disclosures is impracticable.
Including reinsurance.
1
2
General information
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 295

[page 296]
Investments managed for third-party clients are excluded 
from the Sustainability statement based on a qualitative 
assessment considering our fiduciary obligations and the 
relevance of reporting of third-party assets for our key 
stakeholders. These assets are managed strictly on behalf 
of clients, following predefined mandates and aligned 
with applicable frameworks, policies, and regulatory 
requirements. Aegon adheres to the requirements, values, 
and risk appetite of its customers, and these third-party 
assets are not on Aegon's balance sheet. Aegon’s asset 
managers operate in different jurisdictions and regulatory 
environments, which lead to varying stakeholder 
expectations and priorities for third-party assets and related 
disclosures. Aegon will continue monitoring stakeholder 
views and regulatory requirements, and adjust the 
consolidated group disclosures as necessary.
In our DMA we considered the IROs along our value chain. 
We have assessed which business activities and business 
relationships (actors) in our value chain are connected to 
these IROs. For each material topic we disclose an IRO 
mapping table to illustrate where in the value chain material 
IROs arise. If information related to our upstream or 
downstream activities is not available, we indicate this in the 
IRO mapping table as "phased-in."
A summary of our business model is included in 
the Our strategy section, and a high level representation 
is shown in the How we create value for our stakeholders 
section. More information on Aegon’s business lines, sales 
and distribution channels, and its customers is included 
in the financial statements under Additional information 
covering the overview per business line (Overview of 
Americas, Overview of United Kingdom, Overview of 
International and Overview of Aegon Asset Management).
Specific circumstances
Use of estimates
Estimates (that is, assumptions or extrapolations) may be 
applied where data is incomplete or unavailable. For the 
2025 reporting year, the following significant estimates 
were made:
 
EU Taxonomy: for data limitations and assumptions used 
to calculate EU Taxonomy alignment and eligibility, 
refer to the EU Taxonomy Assumptions and data 
limitations section.
 
Investment footprint scope 3 “Corporate Fixed Income 
and Listed Equity” (CFI): the disclosures are based on 
emissions data reported by listed investees and collected 
through our data vendor MSCI, as well as emissions data 
estimated by MSCI. For details of the estimation method 
refer to the methodology section Investment footprint: 
Corporate Fixed Income + Listed Equity (CFI) under the 
metrics table in the Climate change section.
 
Investment footprint scope 3 “Sovereign Fixed Income" 
(SFI): these disclosures are based on reported and 
estimated country-level scope 1 emissions data, 
collected through our data vendor MSCI. For details of 
the estimation method refer to the methodology section 
Investment footprint: Sovereign Fixed Income 
(SFI) under the metrics table in the Climate change 
section.
 
Operational footprint scope 1 and 2: to translate energy 
consumption into greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, we 
use conversion factors. For missing energy consumption 
data, we calculate accruals based on historical data. For 
details of the conversion factors and estimation method, 
refer to the Methodology section under the metrics table 
in the Climate change section.
 
Operational footprint scope 3 “Purchased goods 
and services”: the GHG emissions from purchased goods 
and services are calculated based on spend data 
recorded in our procurement system until September 30, 
2025, estimated data for the 4th quarter, and conversion 
factors recorded in the emissions calculation system. For 
the estimation method refer to the Methodology section 
under the metrics table in the Climate change section.
 
CEO compensation to median and the gender pay gap: 
total compensation is calculated based on the base salary 
plus variable pay, as recorded in our HR administration 
system. The measurement date for the base salary is 
May 1. For the estimation method of the variable pay refer 
to the Methodology section under the metrics table of the 
Human capital.
Changes in preparation or presentation
This section provides an overview of the revisions made 
in comparison to the previous year in order to align with 
the changed circumstances of the 2025 reporting period. 
These circumstances include changes to the preparation, 
presentation, and restatements resulting from errors or 
methodology updates. The following main changes were 
made in this Annual Report:
 
Compared to our previous year's DMA, a number of 
changes have occurred. A new sub-topic of financial 
empowerment has been identified as material in 2025. 
On the other hand, some topics were assessed as not 
material in parts of our value chain, including:
 Climate change for separate account assets and 
sourcing activities
 Energy for own operations
 Prevention and detection of corruption and bribery 
for sourcing activities
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
296 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 297]
 While these topics were assessed as not material, we still 
include information about policies, actions, and metrics 
on a voluntary basis. This information remains relevant 
for some stakeholder groups and contributes to our 
sustainability benchmarks and ratings. Where applicable 
we label voluntary information with "not material."
 As a result of the updated DMA outcome, some IROs 
were amended (compared to 2024) due to factors such as 
changes in the materiality of value chain segments for 
some topics. Some IROs were also reworded for clarity 
and to improve focus in light of insights from the DMA 
process.
 We review our sustainability targets regularly, and for 
2025, we removed the target of women in senior 
management. This was after considering the range of 
stakeholder expectations regarding inclusion and diversity 
across the geographies where we operate. It also reflects 
progress from 2020 to 2025, with the metric increasing 
from 32% to 39%, and we met or exceeded the local 
target in most of our business units.
 Metrics that were previously reported under inclusion 
and diversity are now presented under human capital 
under the headings equal treatment and opportunities 
and measures against violence and harassment in the 
workplace. Indicators presented under data privacy 
and responsible marketing practices are now part of 
the material topic for customers. These changes reflect 
the outcome of the enhanced and more data-driven DMA 
of 2025. The DMA approach is described in detail under 
the Impact, risk and, opportunity management section.
 
In 2025, we changed the scope of the metric "customer 
complaints" to reportable complaints only, to better align 
with our internal monitoring process and regulatory 
reporting. In the previous year, the scope included all 
verbal and written reports of dissatisfaction. The 2024 
figures were revised to make comparison possible. 
 In this year's Annual Report we included all applicable 
GHG protocol categories in the "Total GHG emissions" 
table. These categories are: Investments (category 15), 
Purchased goods and services (category 1) combined with 
Capital goods (category 2), Business travel (category 6) 
and Employee commute and remote commuting (category 
7). In 2024, business travel and employee commute were 
presented as non-material items in the Additional metrics 
table under Additional information. For 2025, these 
categories, together with Purchased Goods and Services 
and Capital Goods, remain non-material for Aegon. 
Presenting them in a single table, with 2024 figures in the 
same format, improves transparency and comparability.
 
The metrics relating to the annual group-wide Systematic 
Integrity Risk Analysis (SIRA) have been removed from the 
Metrics table of Business conduct. SIRA was a 
requirement under DNB supervision and is no longer 
applicable under our new supervision arrangements with 
BMA. Established processes continue through the Annual 
Compliance Risk Assessment (ACRA). For more details, 
see the ACRA section under Business conduct.
 The metric Average training hours has been added in 
the Human capital section under Training and skills 
development. In the previous year, data for this metric 
were unavailable, so we applied the phased-in option. 
The scope only covers training hours offered by Aegon 
and completed by its employees through its training 
platforms Absorb and We Learn.
 
The employee gender classification "Other" represents 
direct employees who are non-binary. In the previous year, 
the "Other" category also included direct employees 
who did not wish to provide gender information. These 
employees are now included under the gender category 
"Not reported." We have revised the 2024 figures with 
regards to the gender split of direct employees. We have 
not revised the gender split of the metrics "Percentage of 
entitled employees that took family-related leaves" and 
"Proportion of employees participating in performance 
and development reviews", because it was impracticable 
to recalculate these figures. For more information about 
this change, refer to the Methodology section of Equal 
treatment and opportunities and the related metrics table.
 
In previous Annual Reports, a separate TCFD section 
with climate-related information was disclosed in the 
Additional information section of the Annual Report. 
To improve readability and reduce duplications, the TCFD 
section has been merged with the climate change 
disclosures in this year's Annual Report. This information 
is presented under the Environmental information section 
and is part of the Sustainability statement. A TCFD 
reference table is added to demonstrate how Aegon 
meets the TCFD recommendations.
Reporting errors in the prior period
In our previous Annual Report, an error was identified in the 
metric "proportion of employees covered by collective 
bargaining/labor agreements," for the non-EEA region UK. 
The figure presented was 87%, which should have been 
100%. The error was caused by an incomplete calculation of 
the numerator of this metric, which should have included the 
employees of Aegon UK Asset Management and Aegon UK 
Holding. We have restated the 2024 figure.
The metric “Ratio of CEO compensation to median 
compensation,” which is presented in the metrics table of 
Equal treatment and opportunities under Human capital, is 
calculated based on the base salary as of May 1 of the 
reporting year. Variable compensation is included based on 
total vested settlement value (which is the actual cash 
payment). ESRS require the calculation of this metric to 
include the LTI based on fair value for the period. Since this 
was omitted previously, we have added the metric this year 
in the Methodology section of Human capital under the 
Equal treatment and opportunities table, including a 
comparative figure for the previous year.
Specific circumstances
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 297

[page 298]
Governance
Through our sustainability governance, we aim to strengthen our sustainability 
approach and embed sustainability across the business.
Aegon's sustainability governance
In this governance section, we set out the specific 
processes, controls, and procedures for monitoring, 
managing, and overseeing sustainability matters. In addition, 
this section outlines our approach to due diligence and 
references relevant sections of the Annual Report that 
cover Aegon's due diligence efforts. The Governance and 
risk management section in this Annual Report describes 
in more detail the broader Aegon governance, including 
the composition of the Executive Committee and Board of 
Directors and Aegon's Risk management framework.
The Board of Directors manages and conducts Aegon's 
business, including setting the company's strategy. 
The Board has four committees:
 
The Audit Committee;
 The Risk Committee;
 The Nomination and Governance Committee; and
 The Compensation and Human Resource Committee.
The CEO is the sole executive member of the Board of 
Directors and is responsible for the company's day-to-day 
management and general business and affairs. Aegon's 
Executive Committee supports the CEO with operational 
issues and the implementation of Aegon’s strategy, which is 
aligned with the company's purpose. Sustainability is a key 
element of delivering on our purpose. Our approach to 
sustainability is overseen by the Board of Directors' 
Nomination and Governance Committee. The other 
committees cover the sustainability matters that fall 
within their responsibilities and areas of expertise.
The Board of Directors and the CEO are supported by the 
Global Sustainability Board (GSB) to embed sustainability 
into our business and deliver the strategic measures 
we are undertaking to fulfill our sustainability ambitions. 
The Governance and risk management section in this 
Annual Report describes in more detail the company-wide 
governance, including an overview of our Sustainability 
governance.
The Board of Directors is accountable for our sustainability 
approach and sustainability reporting, including oversight 
of the management of sustainability impacts, risks, and 
opportunities. The CEO is responsible for integrating 
sustainability into the business. Sustainability topics are 
regularly brought to the attention of the Executive 
Committee and the Board of Directors, including policy 
and implementation matters, and progress on the double 
materiality assessment and resulting sustainability impacts, 
risks, and opportunities.
The CEO has mandated the GSB to deliver on the 
governance processes and procedures used to monitor, 
manage, and oversee the assessment and management of 
impacts, risks, and opportunities. This includes monitoring 
targets related to material impacts, risks, and opportunities 
and progress toward them. The GSB is therefore responsible 
for monitoring sustainability policies, initiatives, targets, 
reporting for all material topics, and challenging the 
business on these topics.
To effectively carry out these responsibilities, the GSB 
membership includes material topic owners who provide 
expertise and lead on our material sustainability matters. 
In addition, Aegon has a CSRD Working Group, which was 
established to coordinate our overarching approach to 
our material sustainability matters and provide quarterly 
progress updates to the GSB. The working group is chaired 
by the Global Head of Corporate Sustainability. Membership 
consists of delegates of material topic owners and Local 
Sustainability Board Chairs, the Corporate Sustainability 
team, Sustainability Reporting, and Risk Governance.
Details of the dedicated procedures and measures to 
manage the impacts, risks, and opportunities are set out for 
each of our material topics, starting with the Environmental 
information in this Sustainability statement.
The sustainability strategy is translated into Aegon’s 
regular three-year strategy and financial planning process 
(the budget and medium term plan).
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
298 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 299]
Aegon's sustainability governance is shown below:
Risk management and internal controls over 
sustainability reporting
At Aegon, sustainability risk is not considered a separate 
risk type, but rather a risk driver that impacts multiple risks. 
Sustainability risk is embedded in Aegon’s Enterprise Risk 
Management (ERM) framework and incorporated in relevant 
risk policies, laying a foundation for our ongoing efforts. 
Our risk policies, including the sustainability risk 
requirements, are regularly reviewed and, where needed, 
updated to stay abreast of relevant developments.
As part of our risk management practices, we conduct an 
annual emerging risk assessment or horizon scan that 
identifies newly developing or changing risks or signals 
perceived to have a potentially significant impact on Aegon’s 
financial strength, competitive position, or reputation. 
Sustainability risks, including climate risks, are explicitly 
considered in this exercise. The findings from this process 
inform strategic and financial planning, scenario analyses, 
watch lists, management discussions and actions, and 
external and internal reporting. For more information on 
the process, see the Risk Management section of this 
Annual Report.
Internal controls over sustainability reporting are embedded 
within Aegon’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) 
framework. All material processes that contribute to 
sustainability reporting have been identified. The main risks 
and controls for each material process have been identified 
and documented with support from the risk functions. These 
risks primarily relate to the completeness and accuracy of 
sustainability information and compliance with regulations 
and are mitigated by controls, such as IT controls, 
reconciliations,  
analytical review, and compliance checks. These controls 
are validated internally, at both the business unit and 
company-wide levels.
Control attestations are completed for each Annual Report 
cycle, whereby in-scope business units and group functions 
sign off on the design and implementation of the 
sustainability reporting key controls in the form of a control 
attestation letter. Remediation plans are developed for 
ineffective key controls. The (possible) gaps and remediation 
plans are logged. Progress is reported and monitored 
quarterly as part of the risk management cycle. For more 
information, refer to Aegon's overarching Risk Governance 
Framework.
Monitoring the effectiveness of our policies and 
risk framework
Aegon's policies and standards set out the requirements, 
roles and responsibilities, and processes to manage risks 
across the risk universe. Monitoring the effectiveness of 
our policies is embedded in the Risk Governance 
Framework. This structure, which is part of the ERM 
framework, has four layers:
 
The Board of Directors (Board) and its Risk Committee;
 The CEO and the Executive Committee;
 The Group Risk & Capital Committee (GRCC) and its sub- 
committees; and
 
The local Risk & Capital Committees.
The Risk Committee reports to the Board on topics related 
to the ERM framework and the internal control system. 
The CEO is responsible for risk management and is 
supported by the Executive Committee, which oversees 
strategic and operational matters, including introduction 
of new company-wide policies. The CEO and Executive 
Committee are supported by the GRCC. Aegon's business 
units have a local Risk or Risk and Capital committee.
Aegon continuously works on keeping its ERM framework 
up-to-date, effective, and fit-for-purpose. Policies, charters, 
and other governance documents are regularly reviewed 
and updated where necessary. Also, activities such as 
the Emerging Risk Scan provide an internal and external 
perspective on the risk universe and signal where updates 
are required. In addition, internal processes such as policy 
attestation verify compliance with policies. Non-compliance 
requires remediating action plans, which are actively 
monitored to ensure execution.
Governance
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 299

[page 300]
In addition to risk governance, the effectiveness of 
policies relating to material sustainability matters is also 
measured through KPIs and set targets. The KPIs relating 
to material sustainability matters are reported to the GSB. 
A subset of these KPIs was linked to Group performance 
indicators used to fund the bonus pool for employees 
(where applicable) and to the performance metrics for 
the CEO's short-term incentive in 2025.
Due diligence
The table below provides references to the sections 
included in this Sustainability statement and/or other 
sections of this Annual Report, where the core elements 
of Aegon’s due diligence processes related to impacts 
on people or the environment are disclosed.
Core elements of 
Aegon's sustainability 
due diligence Summary Reference
a) Embedding due 
diligence in governance, 
strategy, and business 
model
Information on how 
sustainability matters are 
addressed by the entity's 
administrative, 
management, and 
supervisory bodies.
Sustainability statement - Aegon's sustainability governance 
Corporate governance - Sustainability governance 
 
Report of the Board of Directors - 2025 topics (Sustainability and Other topics) 
 
Report of the Board of Directors - Nomination and Governance Committee
Integration of 
sustainability-related 
performance in incentive 
schemes.
Remuneration report 
Sustainability governance - Incentives
Material impacts, risks and 
opportunities and their 
interaction with strategy 
and business model.
Pages under the heading “Impacts, risks, and opportunities” of the following 
sections of the Sustainability statement: 
Climate change 
Human capital 
Business conduct 
Customers - Data privacy 
Customers - Responsible marketing practices 
Customers - Financial empowerment
b) Engaging with affected 
stakeholders in all key 
steps of the due diligence
Interests and views of 
stakeholders.
Impact, risk, and opportunity management - Stakeholder engagement 
Pages under the heading “Policies and procedures” of the following sections of the 
Sustainability statement: 
Climate change 
Human capital 
Business conduct 
Customers - Data privacy 
Customers - Responsible marketing practices 
Customers - Financial empowerment
c) Identifying and 
assessing adverse 
impacts
Negative impact details.
Impact, risk, and opportunity management 
Pages under the heading "Impacts, risks, and opportunities" of the following 
sections of the Sustainability statement, where material adverse impacts are 
identified through the DMA: 
Climate change 
Business conduct 
Customers - Data privacy 
Customers - Responsible marketing practices 
 
General information - Value chain
d) Taking actions to 
address those adverse 
impacts
Our actions to manage the 
negative impacts of 
material sustainability 
matters.
Narrative below this table 
 
Pages under the heading “Actions (and resources)” of the following sections of the 
Sustainability statement: 
Climate change 
Business conduct 
Customers - Data privacy 
Customers - Responsible marketing practices
e) Tracking the 
effectiveness of these 
efforts and communicating
Tracking effectiveness of 
our efforts through the 
KPIs and targets we set for 
our material topics. Next to 
that, monitoring our 
performance through 
several metrics.
Pages under the heading “Metrics” of the following sections of the Sustainability 
statement: 
Climate change 
Business conduct 
Customers - Data privacy 
Customers - Responsible marketing practices 
 
Pages under the heading “Key performance indicator(s) and target(s)” of the 
following sections of the Sustainability statement: 
Climate change 
Business conduct 
Customers - Data privacy 
Customers - Responsible marketing practices
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
300 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 301]
Due diligence processes are essential for identifying, 
preventing, mitigating, and accounting for how Aegon 
addresses adverse actual and potential negative impacts 
on the environment and people connected with its business. 
The outcomes of these processes support our DMA in 
assessing our material impacts, risks, and opportunities. 
Our due diligence processes also inform our stakeholder 
engagement processes.
Due diligence processes related to impacts on people and 
the environment are disclosed under each material topic in 
this Sustainability statement and are supported by various 
policies and procedures as mapped in the reference table 
above.
Aegon has other due diligence processes in place related to 
business conduct matters. For example, our Anti-Money 
Laundering & Counter Terrorist Financing (AML&CTF) Policy 
requires due diligence regarding customers, while our Anti- 
Bribery and Corruption (ABC) Policy requires due diligence 
regarding third parties. With respect to consumer interests, 
our Market Conduct Compliance Policy requires due 
diligence in our distribution activities.
International standards such as the United Nations’ 
Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the core standards 
of the International Labor Organization, and the principles 
of human rights and labor standards, as set out in the UN 
Global Compact, are incorporated into some internal 
policies and statements. These include the Code of 
Conduct, the Statement on Inclusion and Diversity, 
the Aegon Operational Risk Taxonomy, and the Statement 
on Human Rights.
Human rights
Aegon’s Statement on Human Rights represents the 
company’s overarching position and approach to the 
responsible stewardship of human rights. The statement 
commits Aegon to uphold international human rights 
standards at all businesses where the company has 
sufficient management control and, where possible, 
to encourage partners to uphold the same standards. 
It applies to both the direct impacts of Aegon’s daily 
operations and the indirect impacts of its business activities.
In our own operations, we have several due diligence 
mechanisms in place, and we have identified no severe 
human rights incidents related to our workforce. We conduct 
a biennial global Human Rights Risk Assessment (HRRA). 
This assessment aims to identify the risk of human rights 
violations that Aegon and its employees may face in the 
locations where the company operates. The assessment is 
conducted internally and covers geographic risks and 
the management proficiency of our units in responding to 
them effectively.
The last HRRA was carried out in 2024 and concluded 
that our management proficiency is adequate in potentially 
high-risk areas such as China and Brazil.
The findings from the HRRA indicate that for most Aegon 
units, the operating environment presents little or no 
significant human rights risk. In Brazil, corruption and working 
conditions present some risks. We also face human rights 
risks in China, although most of these risks relate to external 
political factors.
Where higher risk levels were identified, action plans were 
developed to mitigate them. Preventative and remedial 
measures were recommended to local management in 
higher-risk countries. The HRRA concluded that the overall 
measures to address specific risks are in place and robust. 
In addition to the HRRA, Aegon UK issues a modern slavery 
statement (in line with the United Kingdom government’s 
2015 Modern Slavery Act).
Downstream due diligence
Aegon’s Group Responsible Investment Policy provides 
the foundation for managing Aegon’s assets in alignment 
with its responsible business objectives, relevant laws, and 
governance standards. The policy applies to the general 
account assets of all Aegon business units.
Through our investment analysis and decision-making 
process, we systematically consider financially material 
factors, including sustainability factors, to identify risks 
and opportunities and maximize risk-adjusted returns for 
our clients. By taking an active approach to responsible 
investment, we seek to reduce the risks to our business 
and explore ways to serve the interests of our customers 
and the wider society in which we operate.
Aegon uses engagement and exclusion to manage 
investment-related adverse impacts on people and the 
environment. Aegon’s engagement efforts, conducted by 
Aegon Asset Management, focus on dialogue with investee 
companies on topics identified as relevant according to 
the Group Responsible Investment Policy.
To support our responsible investment approach, we apply 
exclusions to certain countries and/or companies, including 
their majority-owned subsidiaries. Exclusion from Aegon’s 
investment universe applies to several activities that have 
significant adverse impacts on people or the environment, 
in line with our responsible investment policy objectives. 
Our Responsible Investment Policy can be viewed on our 
website and further information on the Policy and its 
governance is available in the Climate change section.
Beyond the general account, Aegon applies due diligence 
processes to investment management activities that are 
aligned with policyholder interests and ensure compliance 
with local regulatory requirements.
Governance
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 301

[page 302]
Impact, risk, and opportunity management
Double materiality assessment process
A sustainability topic is considered material from an impact 
perspective if it is related to actual or potential, positive, or 
negative impacts that an undertaking – in this case Aegon – 
has on the environment or people. Topics are considered 
material from a financial perspective if they have the 
potential to trigger financial effects, such as generating risks 
or opportunities that impact or are likely to impact future 
cash flows and, consequently, enterprise value.
In 2025, we followed a multi-step methodology, informed by 
the ESRS requirements, to carry out the DMA. This year’s 
DMA built on previous versions, adding steps to align it more 
closely with Aegon’s strategy, increase external stakeholder 
engagement, and adopt a more quantitative, data-driven 
approach. Stakeholder expectations and concerns identified 
in previous DMA exercises, and via ongoing stakeholder 
dialogue, were also considered during the landscape 
analysis.
Step 0
Landscape Analysis
In preparation for the DMA, and to understand the landscape 
in which we operate, we carried out a high-level analysis of 
regulatory and reporting (industry) standards and trends. 
We further reviewed the annual reports of peers, looked at 
findings from our sustainability benchmarks and other 
reporting frameworks and scanned media reports relating 
to sustainability issues in the financial sector and Aegon’s 
sustainability initiatives.
The findings from this process were incorporated into 
a screened list of sustainability matters for further 
assessment.
Step 1
Key design choices
Several key design choices were made based on the 
following criteria: value chain segmentation, scope of 
assessment, the extent to which topics apply to the value 
chain, the need for entity-specific topics, and assessment of 
time horizons. The aim of our choices was to make the 
process focused and efficient.
A new description of the value chain was also developed 
to make the assessment process more focused and 
the value chain easier for stakeholders to understand. 
Then, the applicability of each sustainability matter to 
the value chain was assessed. The resulting list enabled the 
materiality assessment to focus on the matters most 
relevant to Aegon at each point in the value chain, 
at an appropriate level of granularity.
Step 2
Assessment of material topics
An in-depth assessment of the impact and financial 
materiality of the topics identified in step 1 was conducted 
across Aegon’s value chain. The assessment was carried 
out by a core team with representation from the corporate 
sustainability, finance, legal, corporate strategy, and risk 
teams.
A description of the IROs associated with each of the topics 
was generated. The compilation of these IROs was informed 
by stakeholders and subject matter experts (SMEs), building 
on and updating the IROs identified in 2024.
During the assessment, indicators were defined to evaluate 
both impact and financial materiality for each topic in scope. 
Topics were assessed according to a combination of 
factors, including (but not limited to) where they occur in 
the value chain, the geographies in which we operate, and 
according to three time horizons – short-term (up to 1 year), 
medium-term (1 to 5 years), and long-term (greater than 5 
years). Quantitative and qualitative data, based on internal 
and external reports and databases, were used to 
substantiate the assessment and provide evidence for 
the evaluation.
Impact materiality
The positive and negative impacts were quantitatively 
assessed based on likelihood and severity, with severity 
assessed at the levels of scale, scope, and irremediability 
(for negative impacts). For each value chain segment 
where potential environmental and social impacts were 
identified, quantitative measures were introduced to clarify 
the distribution of Aegon’s impacts across business 
activities (for example, insurance and pension, investment 
portfolios, and operational footprint) and to enable 
geographical differentiation of impact severity, particularly 
for environmental topics (for example, water stress and 
biodiversity vulnerability).
Financial materiality
The risks and opportunities were assessed against likelihood 
and magnitude, with magnitude defined as the combined 
financial and reputational impact.
For both impact and financial materiality, the severity or 
magnitude assessment takes an inherent risk (“gross”) 
perspective, considering potential impacts and risks 
before any mitigating actions undertaken by Aegon.
Scoring
Scoring was primarily evidence-led and supported by 
external sources, where available. For some criteria, 
we also considered Aegon's level of influence on a topic, 
for example, when scoring irremediability.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
302 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 303]
Each indicator for impact or financial materiality was 
evaluated on a 1-to-5 scale (from “minimal” to “critical”), 
with scores of 4 and 5 indicating the material topics. Based 
on this assessment of the topics, four material sustainability 
topics, comprising twelve sub-(sub-)topics, were proposed 
for further stakeholder review.
Step 3
External stakeholder engagement
For step 3 of the DMA, we conducted interviews with 
key external stakeholders. During these stakeholder 
discussions, we sought feedback on the DMA outcome 
and invited input on any topic they considered important 
that our assessment had not identified as material.
This approach favored “quality” (focus on one-to-one 
interviews with a selected number of external stakeholders,) 
over “quantity” (extended stakeholder reach, for example 
through surveys), to provide more meaningful and Aegon- 
tailored insights.
Feedback from the external stakeholders was reviewed 
to identify and analyze any common patterns and verified 
to check if it could be substantiated. The outcome of this 
review was considered when deciding whether to adjust 
the assessment of material topics.
Wider stakeholder engagement
Stakeholder engagement and consultation are ongoing 
processes at Aegon. The expectations and concerns of 
our stakeholders are addressed in our business strategy 
and operations. More information on how we address 
the expectations and concerns of our key stakeholders 
is available in the Creating sustainable value for our 
stakeholders section. We also use stakeholder 
engagement to understand their expectations and 
concerns, informing our sustainability approach.
Aegon has identified its most relevant affected stakeholders 
and users of its Sustainability statement, based on their role 
in the value chain and their knowledge of specific topics 
or aspects of Aegon’s business (see the table on the next 
page). These stakeholders may be directly or indirectly 
affected by our business activities and/or are users of 
our sustainability information.
The stakeholder views and perspectives gathered through 
our ongoing stakeholder engagement activities inform 
various steps of the DMA process. It informed the topic 
screening during the preparation phase and it provided input 
for the information sourcing that supported the scoring and 
assessment of our material topics. In addition, in 2025 we 
carried out direct stakeholder engagement on the outcome 
of the DMA.
Step 4
Validation and integration
The final list of material topics and their related IROs was 
validated by internal subject matter experts and material 
topic owners. The CEO, supported by the Executive 
Committee, approved the double materiality assessment 
process and outcome.
The material topics have been integrated into our business, 
as reflected in the policies, processes, actions, metrics, and 
targets detailed under each material topic, starting with the 
Environmental information in the Sustainability statement. 
This is an ongoing process as our material matters and the 
political and regulatory landscape continue to evolve, and 
we seek to capture the broader scope of our value chain.
Our evolving DMA approach
In 2025, we refined our DMA methodology, building on the 
processes we have been developing since 2022. A range of 
internal assessments and documentation was leveraged, 
including Group-level compliance and risk reports, supplier 
assessments (EcoVadis), the Global Employee Survey (GES), 
and the Global Human Rights Risk Assessment, among 
others. In addition, Aegon used a broad spectrum of third- 
party ESG and risk databases to incorporate global 
benchmarks and science-based perspectives. These 
included external sources such as ENCORE (environmental 
dependencies and impacts by industry), UNEP FI ESG Risk 
Tool for Life & Health Insurance, EPI (environmental 
performance index),  WWF Water and Biodiversity Risk 
Filters, MSCI and S&P ESG Risk Ratings, and Moody’s Social 
Risk Heat Map, among others.
A data-driven, fact-based approach was applied across 
all the topics. The choice of external and/or internal sources 
was tailored to the nature and maturity of each topic, its 
position in the value chain, and the element being assessed. 
For example, sector level sources were used to assess 
scale, while geographical-level sources were used to 
assess scope. For some topics and elements, internal 
sources were used for the assessment, for example 
the GES was used for impact assessments related 
to our own employees.
Expert judgment was used for topics lacking structured data, 
informed by market practices, literature review, and peer 
references, to ensure balanced, contextually relevant 
conclusions of materiality. The threshold for materiality 
was set at scores 4 and above (see Step 2 in the DMA 
process) to keep the outcome and set of topics focused 
and impactful. As in prior DMAs, topics were included as 
"material" when they met the threshold for financial and/or 
impact materiality for this ESRS-related assessment.
Impact, risk and opportunity management
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 303

[page 304]
DMA results
The 2025 DMA has resulted in the following material topics:
 Climate change1 including climate mitigation and 
adaptation;
 Human capital, including general working conditions, 
social dialogue, training and skills development, equal 
treatment and opportunities, and measures against 
violence and harassment in the workplace;
 Customers, including data privacy, responsible marketing 
practices, and financial empowerment; and
 Business conduct, including protection of whistleblowers 
and prevention and detection of corruption and bribery.
The impacts, risks, and opportunities for each topic and 
related sub-topics are described in detail in the following 
sections. Compared to the 2024 DMA we identified no 
material opportunities for climate change and no risks for 
human capital. Further details on our policies and 
procedures, actions, targets, and metrics are also provided 
for each topic.
Key stakeholder Position in the 
value chain
Engagement method Stakeholder expectations and concerns
Suppliers Upstream Direct: • 
• 
•
Good business conduct 
Fair and timely payments 
Responsible sourcing• Performing third-party (supplier) risk assessments, audits, 
and on-site assessments
Indirect:
• Understanding ESG performance of our supplier base 
through EcoVadis assessment scores
Investors Upstream Direct: • 
• 
• 
 
• 
•
Strong and sustainable capital position 
Predictable, competitive financial result 
Attractive, sustainable capital distributions to 
shareholders 
Reliable returns to bondholders 
Good business conduct and transparent reporting
• Capital Markets Day for analysts and investors
• General Meetings of shareholders (annual and extraordinary)
• Regular engagements with institutional investors and equity 
analysts
• Participation at financial market conferences and 
roadshows
• Public communications in the form of press releases, 
interviews, and media engagement
Indirect:
• Through our ESG rating scores
Employees Own operations Direct: • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
•
Good working conditions 
Flexible working 
Healthy work-life balance 
Opportunities for career development 
Equal treatment and opportunities for all 
Social dialogue 
Employee Resource Groups 
Personal development talks
• Town halls at company and business-unit level
• Regular global employee surveys with all employees
• Speak Up program
• Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)
• Aegon Works Council and Unions
Customers Downstream Direct: • 
 
• 
• 
• 
 
•
High-quality products and services that support 
financial wellbeing 
Fairly priced, accessible products 
High-quality customer service 
Accessibility of high-quality information (digitally 
enabled) 
Protection of data privacy
• Customer panels to test ongoing product development
• Omnichannel customer service portals in our respective 
markets
• Customer complaints channels
• Customer insights through our distribution channels
Indirect:
• Customer surveys (led by business units)
• NPS scores for Individual and Workplace clients
Distribution partners 
and related JVs
Downstream Direct: • 
• 
• 
 
• 
•
Fairly priced, accessible products 
High-quality customer service 
Accessibility of high-quality information (digitally 
enabled) 
Strong business conduct 
Fair and timely payments
• Conferences (for example, WFG's annual convention)
• Advisor surveys (for example, Aegon NextWealth report 
Aegon UK)
• NPS scores for advisors
Investment 
customers and 
investees
Downstream Direct: • Address material topics relevant to the investee 
companies, which vary depending on the type of 
business• Engagement with investee companies by Aegon AM
Indirect:
• Screening of general account on norms-based 
controversies
Social partners - 
NGOs, charities, 
communities
Downstream Direct: • 
 
• 
 
• 
•
Supporting the climate transition (through 
responsible investments) 
Commitment to reducing carbon footprint 
(including net-zero commitment) 
Supporting financial empowerment 
Supporting worthwhile causes in Aegon’s local 
communities
• Community investment program
• Regular engagements with NGOs
• Interviews with subject experts and academics
Indirect:
• Reports issued by NGOs
• Participating in ESG-related conferences
Regulators N/A Direct: • 
•
Strong business conduct 
Meeting regulatory requirements• Dialogue with the Bermuda Monetary Authority (BMA)
Indirect:
• Consultation on upcoming regulations
The other environmental sustainability matters: Pollution, Water and marine resources, Biodiversity and ecosystems, and Circular economy were not assessed as 
material due to a lower level of impact, risk, or opportunity.
1
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
304 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 305]
Environmental information
Climate change
As detailed in the Creating sustainable value for our stakeholders section, 
for Society, Aegon takes a responsible approach to managing its climate change- 
related impacts, risks, and opportunities.
We seek to support the transition to a climate-resilient 
economy and net-zero world while managing potential 
climate-related risks and opportunities in our portfolio. This 
is primarily guided by our responsible investment policy. 
The following section outlines our management approach 
to the material IROs we have identified as associated 
with climate change, and explains the underlying risk 
assessments and analyses. In addition, although not 
identified as material in our DMA, we have included 
information on our own energy consumption and GHG 
emissions reduction across our supply chain and own 
operations. These additional disclosures are included to 
meet Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD) recommendations and have been incorporated into 
this section to reduce duplication and improve readability.
Definition
Climate change is the long-term shift in average weather 
patterns across the world. Human activity contributes to 
the release of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases 
into the air, causing global temperatures to rise and resulting 
in long-term changes to the climate.
The topic of climate change relates to the sub-topics of 
climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation 
including:
 
The process of reducing GHG emissions and holding 
the increase in the global average temperature to 1.5 °C 
above pre-industrial levels, in line with the Paris 
Agreement1; and
 The process of adjustment to actual and expected climate 
change and its impacts.
Impacts, risks, and opportunities
Aegon’s material IROs related to climate change cover 
the sub-topics of climate change mitigation and climate 
change adaptation. They are primarily related to 
downstream climate change mitigation and adaptation in 
the value chain, particularly the general account investment 
portfolio. This includes GHG emissions from investee 
companies connected to our general account investments. 
Our separate account investment portfolio was also 
assessed as part of the DMA, but the overall impact was not- 
material and therefore not reported. Investments managed 
on behalf of third-party clients are currently not in the scope 
of our DMA as explained under the value chain section.
The IROs identified in our DMA process were informed by 
a screening of our activities to identify drivers of climate- 
related impacts (including actual and potential future GHG 
emission sources), risks (including those identified through 
our group climate risk assessment), and opportunities 
(including our existing commitments). These IROs were 
assessed for materiality using quantitative and qualitative 
data and evidence, internal and external reports, and 
stakeholder engagement inputs.
Group-level Climate Risk Assessment
Our annual Group-level Climate Risk Assessment (GCRA) 
provides an overview of the physical and transition risks 
associated with climate change for our investments, 
underwriting, and operations. The GCRA serves multiple 
purposes, including identifying relevant climate risks for the 
organization, understanding their severity and manageability, 
and providing recommendations for necessary actions. 
The outcomes of the GCRA are integrated into the broader 
Group Solvency Self-Assessment (GSSA) process.
Aegon is not excluded from the EU Paris-aligned Benchmarks.1
Environmental information
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 305

[page 306]
The following table outlines the risk drivers that are considered during the GCRA:
The GCRA categorizes risks into three occurrence 
timeframes: short-term (0-1 years), medium-term (1-5 years), 
and long-term (5+ years). The company-wide assessment 
builds on local assessments by experts in the business 
units. Using a structured GCRA template, local experts 
provide scores for identified climate risks across likelihood, 
impact, mitigation, and speed of occurrence. They also 
provide information on current and planned management 
actions to mitigate the identified risks. These individual 
assessments are then analyzed, weighted, and aggregated 
to create the GCRA.
High-level findings from our GCRA are that: Investment risks 
associated with physical and transition climate risks are 
assessed as having a potentially moderate inherent impact, 
with medium mitigation possibilities estimated at 30-70%. 
Mortality spikes related to physical events are likely but 
would have a minimal impact. Changes in life expectancy 
trend are assessed as unlikely, with minimal impact. Legal 
risk associated with greenwashing has been revised 
downward, with likelihood now assessed as possible and 
impact as moderate. Additionally, the expected time horizon 
for potential materialization has been adjusted from 
imminent to near future (medium-term). Mitigation potential 
remains high, with estimated impact reduction at 70-95%.
Integration of climate risk within our wider risk 
approach
Climate risk is an element of our wider enterprise risk 
management approach (see Enterprise Risk Management 
(ERM) framework)
At Aegon, sustainability risk, including climate risk, is not 
considered a separate risk type but is a risk driver that 
impacts multiple risks. Sustainability risk is included 
in Aegon’s ERM framework and incorporated in relevant 
risk policies, laying a foundation for our ongoing efforts. 
Our risk policies, including the sustainability risk 
requirements, are regularly reviewed and, where needed, 
updated to stay abreast with relevant developments.
As part of our risk management practices, on an annual 
basis, Aegon performs an emerging risk or horizon scan 
that identifies newly developing or changing risks or signals 
perceived to have a potentially significant impact on 
Aegon’s financial strength, competitive position, reputation, 
or risk profile.
Sustainability risks, including climate risks, are explicitly 
considered in this exercise. The findings from this process 
inform strategic and financial planning, scenario analyses, 
watch lists, management discussions and actions, and 
internal and external reporting. For more information 
on the process, see the Risk management section of 
this Annual Report.
Climate-related risks are managed through a 
comprehensive approach that includes qualitative 
and quantitative assessments and analysis, tracking of 
climate-related targets and commitments, compliance 
with applicable risk policy requirements, engagement 
with investee companies, and the implementation of 
investment criteria and exclusions.
Aegon risk 
category
Climate 
risk 
impact Climate-risk related risks
Investment 
risk
Physical Asset devaluation related to increases in frequency and severity of physical climate change related events1
Transition Asset devaluation related to the transition to a low-carbon (and other greenhouse gases) intensity economy1
Underwriting 
risk
Physical More frequent, temporary spikes in mortality and/or morbidity (and claims experience) related to an increase in 
frequency and severity of physical climate change-related events
Change in life expectancy trend (and claim experience) related to structural climate changes2
Transition Incorrect estimation of future policyholder behavior as a result of transitioning to a low-carbon economy
Operational 
risk
Physical Business disruption risk due to damage to Aegon or third-party physical assets related to the increased 
frequency and severity of climate change-related events
Transition Strategy execution risk: risk of actual or perceived lack of action in the climate change domain
Legal risk: Due to non-compliance with new or existing climate regulations (excluding greenwashing)
Legal risk: Greenwashing risk
Legal risk: Other, for example, risk that stated ambitions, commitments, or provided products conflict with 
legislation or sentiment
People risk: Difficulty in attracting or retaining talent
People risk: Risks relating to insufficient climate change training and awareness
1 For risks related to asset devaluation, the impact is dependent on the exposure of the underlying assets and the sectors that are vulnerable to climate risks.
2 The Research Center for Longevity Risk identified evidence that there are only short-term timing shifts with no impact on the overall life expectancy trend in 
their paper "The Short-Term Association Between Environmental Variables and Mortality: Evidence from Europe" (2024).
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
306 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 307]
Aegon recognizes that the key to climate-related risk 
management is good-quality data. We prioritize the analysis 
of good-quality data to assess and mitigate climate-related 
risks across our investment portfolio. This includes tracking 
key performance indicators related to climate targets and 
commitments, and aligning with relevant international 
standards and best practices.
We also consider climate-related risks in our investment 
decisions. When data substantiating the identified risks 
remain limited, climate risk assessment scores rely 
on expert judgment. There are well-recognized global 
challenges with data, including availability, resource 
constraints, and associated costs.
Looking ahead, our aim is to, where and to the extent 
possible, improve the data substantiation of our 
assessments to achieve greater transparency in 
scoring and facilitate objective evaluations of scores.
The findings from the climate risk assessments undertaken 
by our risk function are a key input for the DMA and therefore 
inform the IROs associated with climate change for our 
business.
The table below depicts where the IROs arise in the value 
chain. Each IRO is described below in more detail and 
the numbering corresponds with the numbers in the table.
In addition to information relating to these material IROs, the 
following sections include non-material information related 
to certain parts of our value chain. This includes information 
on our upstream sourcing activities, and downstream 
insurance and pension activities, related to the topic 
of climate change mitigation. We have also included 
information on the energy performance of our facilities. 
This information is included under the climate change 
section to make it easier for users of our Sustainability 
statement to find and is labeled as "not material."
Climate change mitigation
Impacts:
Aegon's climate change mitigation impacts are primarily 
associated with its downstream general account 
investment management activities and may occur 
in the medium- to long-term.
1. Positive, potential: Investments in low-carbon-intensive 
companies or highly-carbon-intensive companies with Paris- 
aligned transition plans may reduce climate change impacts 
in the long run.
2. Negative, potential: Investments in highly carbon- 
intensive companies with insufficient climate transition 
plans may exacerbate the impacts climate change has 
on people and the planet.
Risk and/or opportunity:
Aegon's climate change mitigation risk is primarily 
associated with its downstream general account 
investment management activities and may occur 
in the medium- to long-term.
3. Risk: Transition risk - exposure to litigation, regulatory 
pressure, and reputational risks arising from - whether in 
actuality or perception - a failure to adequately consider 
or respond to the impacts of climate change, insufficient 
disclosure of current and future climate-related risks, 
non-compliance with Aegon’s stated climate commitments, 
or misrepresentation of climate-related disclosures and 
impacts.
Climate change adaptation
Impacts:
As with mitigation, Aegon's impact related to climate change 
adaptation is mainly related to its downstream general 
account investment management activities and may occur 
in the medium- and long-term.
4. Positive, potential: Investing in activities that enhance 
climate resilience helps economies and communities adapt 
to the adverse effects of climate change.
Risk and/or opportunity:
Aegon's climate change adaptation risk (physical risk) 
is primarily linked to its downstream general account 
investment management activities and may occur in 
the medium- to long-term.
5. Risk: Acute and/or chronic physical climate risks - 
including extreme weather and sea-level rise - may 
devalue assets and lower returns over time.
Where in the value chain do material IROs arise?
Material IROs related to the 
sustainability matter
ESRS topic
Sustainability matter 
(sub-topic and sub- 
sub-topic) Upstream
Own 
operations Downstream Impact Risk Opportunity
ESRS E1: Climate 
change
Climate change 
mitigation
Investment 
management - general 
account assets
1, 2 3
Climate change 
adaptation
Investment 
mangement - general 
account assets
4 5
Environmental information
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 307

[page 308]
The wider assessment of climate risk in our investment 
management activities, including the resilience of 
our investment portfolio and the methodology for 
that assessment, can be found in the Assessment of 
anticipated financial effects and resilience section.
Policies, procedures, and commitments
To address our climate change IROs and meet our wider 
climate goals we have a number of policies, processes, 
and commitments in place. These are presented below 
according to their place in the value chain. When a value 
chain activity is assessed to be "not material" through our 
DMA process, this is explicitly indicated in the heading. 
The policies, procedures, or commitments are mapped to 
relevant IROs where applicable. Policies and procedures 
related to non-material activities are provided as additional 
information for our stakeholders.
Supply chain & sourcing (not material)
Aegon has a Vendor Code of Conduct and a Group 
Procurement Policy. These are explained in detail 
in our Business Conduct section under Policies 
for suppliers. While our Vendor Code of Conduct does 
not currently include specific requirements regarding 
our suppliers' GHG emissions, it does address sustainability 
and suppliers' responsibility to manage their 
environmental impact.
Own operations (not material)
The Group Environmental Policy defines how Aegon 
aims to minimize its environmental impact from its 
operations through energy efficiency and renewable energy. 
The policy sets a minimum standard for environmental 
management across all our business units (where we have 
operational control) and aligns our practices with our 
environmental objectives, relevant laws, and governance 
standards. It applies to all business units, excluding 
properties below 140 square meters. The Executive 
Committee has endorsed the policy, with the Global Head of 
Corporate Sustainability responsible for its implementation.
The effectiveness of this policy is monitored through regular 
carbon emissions reports shared with the GSB. The policy 
references our own operations target for reducing absolute 
operational carbon emissions alongside several third-party 
standards and initiatives, including the Paris Pledge for 
Action, United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), UNEP-FI 
Principles for Sustainable Insurance (PSI), Energy Star, 
ISO 50001, Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design 
(LEED), and Building Research Establishment Environmental 
Assessment Method (BREEAM).
Investment management
Our Group Responsible Investment Policy sets the 
framework for how Aegon's general account assets should 
be managed, in a way that is consistent with its responsible 
investment objectives, applicable laws, and governance 
standards.
Climate change is one of our responsible investment 
focus areas and the policy outlines Aegon's net-zero 
commitments and exclusion criteria for certain activities 
considered to have significant adverse impacts on climate 
change adaptation and mitigation (IROs 1-5). It applies to 
the general account assets of all Aegon business units, 
regardless of whether they are internally or externally 
managed.
The Executive Committee is responsible for executing 
this policy and integrating it into the investment strategy 
and other relevant company processes and practices. 
The GSB is responsible for monitoring, discussing, and 
advising the Executive Committee on all matters relevant 
to the proper execution of the policy. The policy references 
several third-party standards and initiatives, including 
the NZAOA, the UNGC, the Paris Pledge for Action, and 
the Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI).
As a signatory to the NZAOA, Aegon leverages the 
Alliance’s Target-Setting Protocol to set targets aligned 
with 1.5 °C for its general account assets. The NZAOA 
provides guidance for reporting and transitioning specific 
asset classes towards net-zero, emphasizing the need for 
portfolio emission reductions, engagement, and targeted 
financing of climate solutions (IROs 1-5).
The Global Head of Corporate Sustainability is accountable 
for Aegon’s NZAOA commitments, with progress on targets 
reviewed biannually by the GSB. The Intergovernmental 
Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) provides a scientific 
foundation for the NZAOA’s net-zero targets, ensuring they 
align with global climate goals, such as limiting the increase 
in average global temperature to 1.5°C above pre-industrial 
levels.
The weighted average carbon intensity (WACI) target for 
corporate fixed income and listed equity in our general 
account is included in the Group performance indicators, 
and the results of these indicators are used for the funding 
of the bonus pool for employees (where applicable).
The WACI target was also included in the performance 
metrics of the short-term incentive of the Executive Director 
(CEO) in 2025.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
308 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 309]
Actions (and resources)
Climate change actions in our value chain
Details of actions undertaken by Aegon related to climate 
change are disclosed below according to their place in 
the value chain. When a value chain activity is assessed as 
"not material" in our DMA process, this is explicitly indicated 
in the heading. The actions are mapped to relevant IROs 
when applicable. Other actions are provided as additional 
information for stakeholders. Aegon does not currently have 
a climate transition plan but is taking steps to disclose one 
in the coming years.
Supply chain and sourcing (not material)
Aegon is working with its upstream value chain partners 
to address sustainability and best practices in the industry 
and create transparency within its supply chain. We include 
supplier GHG emissions in our overall carbon footprint.
The GHG emissions associated with our suppliers are 
calculated based on supplier spend data recorded in our 
procurement system, where possible, and more accurate 
data from our suppliers.
We also monitor the practices of our core supply base 
globally, conducting recurring assessments of how 
extensively suppliers use tools to understand and ultimately 
reduce their climate impact. For example, Aegon UK is taking 
action to monitor its suppliers' net-zero commitments, 
including identifying 50 of its high-impact suppliers – 
representing 88% of its total spend – to engage on key 
sustainability topics.
Own operations (not material)
Energy efficiency measures and renewable energy
Aegon's direct business operations do not involve 
manufacturing processes and do not maintain energy 
or resource-intensive processes. The primary source 
of carbon emissions from our operations remains the 
consumption of electricity and natural gas for offices 
and data centers. While our operational carbon footprint 
is small relative to the scope of our investment activities 
and was not assessed as material in the 2025 DMA, 
we have set a target to reduce it.
This target, along with our actions to reduce our emissions, 
delivers benefits such as lowering our operational costs, 
managing energy risks, and strengthening our sustainability 
culture. Decarbonization of our own operations is primarily 
achieved through the lever of energy efficiency, in the form 
of more efficient natural gas and electricity consumption 
by our offices. Our strategy focuses on energy-efficiency 
initiatives (for example, mechanical system upgrades, LED 
lighting with sensors, and active BMS control), optimized 
property portfolio and hybrid work to reduce the operational 
footprint of our offices. Another lever is prioritizing 
renewable energy sources for our electricity needs.
All business units maintain energy management processes 
aligned with global standards such as ISO 50001, BREEAM, 
and Energy Star standards.
Policy or 
commitment
IRO and subtopic 
linkage1
Senior-level 
accountability for 
implementation Scope
Stakeholders 
considered or 
consulted in 
preparation
Internally or externally 
available
Group Responsible 
Investment Policy
Climate change 
mitigation and 
adaptation: 
Impact: 1, 2, 4 
Risk: 3, 5
The Executive 
Committee has 
ultimate 
responsibility for the 
execution of this 
policy and for its 
integration into 
investment strategy 
and other relevant 
company processes 
and practices.
General account 
assets of all business 
units
Responsible 
Investment Working 
Group, GSB, Group 
Risk, Group Legal, 
peers, Group 
Compliance 
organizations/bodies 
(for example PRI)
Publicly available on 
Aegon's website
Commitment to Net- 
Zero Asset Owner 
Alliance (NZAOA)
Climate change 
mitigation and 
adaptation: 
Impact: 1, 2, 4 
Risk: 3, 5
The Executive 
Committee has 
ultimate 
responsibility for the 
execution of this 
commitment and for 
its integration into 
investment strategy 
and other relevant 
company processes 
and practices.
General account 
assets of all business 
units
Net-Zero Working 
Group, GSB, Chief 
Investment Officers 
in the business units
Aegon's net-zero 
commitment is publicly 
available on Aegon's 
website and disclosed in 
its Annual Report.
Group Environmental 
Policy
N/A Executive Committee 
has endorsed the 
policy, Global Head of 
Corporate 
Sustainability 
oversees its 
implementation.
All material 
businesses of Aegon 
over which we have 
operational control, 
excluding properties 
leased for operations 
below 140 m  (1,500 
square feet 
threshold)
2
Topic owners in the 
business units, HR 
(business travel and 
commuting), 
Procurement, Facility 
management, 
Corporate 
Sustainability
Publicly available on 
Aegon's website
1 The numbering provided in this table refers to the IROs listed under the heading “Impacts, risks, and opportunities” of this section.
Environmental information
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 309

[page 310]
The green certification of offices continued and expanded 
in 2025, including for Transamerica’s C Street Campus 
buildings (6300 and 6400) which achieved Energy Star 
scores of 100, reaffirming best-in-class energy 
performance.
In 2025, we also undertook energy-efficiency upgrades 
in our main US offices, including replacing outdated 
mechanical systems with automated controls, converting 
all lighting to LED with sensors, and optimizing systems 
using building management technology. In the United States, 
the Cedar Rapids Solar Farm continues to supply the 
majority of our facilities’ electricity needs.
Our property portfolio optimization also included relocating 
Aegon’s headquarters to Schiphol, resulting in significant 
Scope 1 and 2 reductions through its smaller floor area 
(aligned with our hybrid working model), improved building 
efficiency and greater accessibility at a public transport hub.
Insurance and pension (not material)
While climate change was not found to be material for 
the insurance and pension elements of our value chain 
in our DMA, we do have a number of initiatives in individual 
business units within the Group. Although customer 
preferences vary by geography, Aegon aims to provide 
products with climate considerations where there is 
customer demand.
In the UK, Aegon UK’s annual customer surveys show that 
sustainability, and specifically climate change, remains a top 
priority for its customers, and so, further to our company- 
wide net-zero commitment, Aegon UK has committed to 
achieving net-zero financed emissions for its default 
pension funds by 2050.
Aegon UK also made improving net-zero alignment a key 
consideration when reviewing its largest workplace default, 
the Universal Balanced Collection (UBC) fund, and most 
recently introduced innovative private-market investments 
for the over 700,000 customers in the fund. The addition of 
these private market investments, which include renewable 
energy, other infrastructure, and forestry, is expected to 
provide better risk-adjusted returns, value for money, and 
real-world emission reductions.
Investment management - general account
Downstream, Aegon has made a company-wide 
commitment to transition its general account investment 
portfolio to net-zero GHG emissions by 2050. As part of this 
corporate commitment, Aegon is a signatory to the NZAOA. 
To drive progress toward our 2050 commitment, Aegon sets 
five-year targets in line with the NZAOA’s Target-Setting 
Protocol, which serves as a framework for setting credible, 
science-based targets aligned with the Paris Agreement. 
This commitment addresses the IROs associated with 
climate change mitigation and adaptation (IROs 1-5).
Aegon is advancing its decarbonization goals via its 
responsible investment approach. This includes three 
main levers:
 
Factoring in the carbon intensity of companies in 
managing our investment portfolio;
 Active investments in climate solutions that contribute to 
climate change mitigation (including transition enabling) 
and/or adaptation; and
 Engagement with high-carbon emitters in our portfolio.
Aegon leverages the Target-Setting Protocol to establish 
decarbonization targets for asset classes in its general 
account portfolio, as well as inform its approach to both 
engaging with the highest corporate carbon emitters in its 
portfolio and investing in climate solutions that contribute 
to climate change mitigation and/or adaptation.
In 2025, Aegon took steps to manage its investment 
portfolio by exercising capital allocation strategies across 
asset classes to limit investments in high-emitting 
companies. In addition, as part of the commitment to invest 
USD 1 billion to help mitigate climate change, Aegon is 
directing financing into climate-focused initiatives.
Investments in climate solutions in 2025 included a USD 10 
million debt-for-nature swap in which Ecuador used lower- 
cost financing to repurchase outstanding debt, freeing up 
financing that is pledged to fund conservation projects in the 
Amazon rainforest. Further investments were made in LEED 
Gold-certified facility constructions and an energy-efficient 
data center project.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
310 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 311]
Aegon believes in using its voice to engage investee 
companies and support them in their climate transition. 
In 2025, we engaged with all 20 of the companies identified 
as the highest carbon emitters in our general account. 
Our aim is to encourage those companies to align their 
strategies and operations with the transition to a low-carbon, 
sustainable economy. One of the key objectives of our 
engagements is to encourage companies to adopt publicly 
disclosed, time-bound, and science-based targets to reach 
net-zero by 2050.
Further climate-related engagement includes dedicated, 
sector-specific dialogue with coal utilities and oil and gas 
companies.
Investment management - third parties (out of scope)
While investment management for third parties is outside 
the scope, we want to highlight some initiatives related to 
climate change. Aegon AM has developed its proprietary 
Climate Transition Investment Framework to assess 
investee companies’ readiness for the net-zero transition 
and identify compelling investment opportunities. In 2025, 
Aegon AM launched the Investment Grade Climate 
Transition Fund. This fund is designed to contribute to the 
global shift toward a low-carbon economy while delivering 
attractive, risk-adjusted returns.
Key performance indicator(s) and target(s)
Climate change targets in our value chain
We have defined targets for 2030, to advance our climate 
change goals. These targets are outlined below according 
to their place in the value chain. When a value chain activity 
is assessed as "not material" in our DMA process, this is 
explicitly indicated in the heading. The targets are mapped to 
relevant IROs where applicable. Other targets are provided 
as additional information for stakeholders.
Aegon’s 2030 climate targets were approved by the CEO 
with support from the Executive Committee and the 
endorsement of the GSB. Internal stakeholders, including 
our business units, were involved in setting the targets. 
The GSB monitors progress against these KPIs biannually. 
We aim to meet these targets by the end of 2029.
Our investment targets address the three climate change 
levers listed in the Actions section above and align with 
existing climate-related sustainability taxonomies and 
globally recognized frameworks for setting science-based 
targets aligned with the Paris Agreement.
Own operations (not material)
We set our 2030 group operational footprint target based on 
projected reductions in scope 1 and 2 emissions from our 
2019 baseline. Our projections were informed by analyzing 
planned carbon-reduction activities across our global 
operations and the forecasted decarbonization of national 
grids. Upon review, Aegon committed to a 75% reduction by 
2030. We aligned our methodology with the GHG Protocol’s 
Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard. Aegon does 
not use carbon offsetting to meet its operational carbon 
footprint target.
The share of scope 1 in this reduction target is 
approximately 27%, and the share of scope 2 is 
approximately 73%. Our operational emissions targets 
for 2030 support the aims of our Environmental Policy 
and are aligned with the Paris Agreement to limit global 
warming to 1.5 °C.
By the end of 2025, Aegon had achieved a 77% reduction 
in its operational carbon footprint compared with the 2019 
baseline (75% in 2024).
KPI(s)
Baseline year and 
value2 Performance in 2025 Target for 20301
Weighted average carbon intensity (WACI) 
for corporate fixed income and listed 
equity in our general account3
2019: 409 tCO e/EURm 
revenue
2 52% reduction against 2019 
baseline
50% reduction against 2019 
baseline
Amount invested in companies to help 
mitigate climate change or adapt to the 
associated impacts
n/a Additional investment of USD 0.4 
billion (in total USD 3.2 billion 
invested)
Investing an additional USD 1 
billion, on top of USD 2.5 billion 
invested previously
Number of engagements with the largest 
corporate carbon emitters in our 
investment portfolio
n/a 20 investees were engaged Engagement with at least the top 
20 corporate carbon emitters
Carbon intensity of our directly held real 
estate investments (scope 1 and 2)
2019: 139 kgCO e/m2
2 55% reduction against 2019 
baseline
42% reduction against 2019 
baseline
Absolute operational carbon emissions 
(scope 1 and 2)
2019: 30,886 tCO e2 77% reduction against 2019 
baseline
75% reduction against 2019 
baseline
1 Targets to be achieved on January 1 of the target year.
2 The 2019 baseline values remain representative of the underlying investments or activities covered. The reporting boundaries did not change in 2025.
3 Considering that 98% of the WACI KPI is managed in USD, Aegon is also reporting WACI in USD as of 2025. Refer to the Metrics table below for both the WACI 
metrics in EUR and the additional metrics in USD.
Environmental information
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 311

[page 312]
The reduction in the overall operational footprint can be 
attributed to the impact of moving to more energy-efficient 
properties, along with the implementation of energy- 
efficiency measures and renewable energy sourcing at our 
facilities. In 2025, we phased in reporting on refrigerant gas 
and diesel use and phased out the use of Renewable Energy 
Certificates (RECs), which led to an increase in reported 
emissions. This was anticipated in our 2030 target setting, 
along with potential changes to our office portfolio.
Insurance and pension (not material)
Aegon UK has committed to achieving net-zero financed 
emissions for its default pension funds by 2050, and an 
interim target of -50% by 2030, against a 2020 baseline. 
Between 2020 and 2024 it reduced its scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions by 40% for corporate fixed income and listed 
equity investments. It has also made a commitment to invest 
GBP 500 million in "climate solutions" by 2026. In addition, 
Aegon UK has committed to engaging, through various 
channels, with corporates responsible for 70% of default 
pension portfolio emissions.
Investment management
To drive progress toward our 2050 net-zero commitment, 
we have set targets to be achieved by 2030 – see KPI table 
above. These targets are further embedded in Aegon’s 
Responsible Investment Policy, demonstrating how Aegon 
is steering on climate change alongside other responsible 
investment priority areas.
Key drivers informing the 2030 target for decarbonization 
of the general account include how the carbon intensity of 
underlying issuers is factored into strategic asset allocation 
decisions, market conditions, and the incremental reductions 
in issuers’ emissions over time.
Carbon intensity
The scope of the WACI target covers the general account 
corporate fixed income and listed equity assets of all 
business units. In 2025, the WACI target was also included 
in the performance metrics of the short-term incentive of 
the Executive Director (CEO) to help align corporate action 
at a leadership level with our net-zero commitment.
The scope of the directly held real estate investment target 
covers assets in our general account.
Investing in climate mitigation and adaptation
The scope of our active investments in climate solutions 
target covers general account assets. The USD 1 billion 
in our 2030 target is in addition to the USD 2.5 billion 
previously invested.
Engagement with highest carbon emitters
Aegon also continues its work to engage with at least 20 
of the highest corporate carbon emitters in its general 
account portfolio.
The engagement target covers Aegon's general account 
assets. It was developed in consultation with Aegon AM 
to help identify the list of highest emitters in the general 
account and subsequently engage with corporates.
Target setting
Internal stakeholders, including our business units, were 
involved in setting these targets. The GSB is responsible for 
monitoring of the KPIs, which takes place every six months. 
Progress against the targets is reported to the Executive 
Committee and the GSB. The targets are included in our 
Responsible Investment Policy, alongside other focus areas. 
The targets for decarbonizing of our general account 
and investing in climate solutions relate to our climate 
mitigation and climate adaptation IROs (1–5). The target for 
engagements with the top corporate carbon emitters in our 
general account portfolio relates to our climate mitigation 
IROs (1–3).
Progress against investment targets
Our WACI result in 2025 was 219 metric tons CO e/EURm 
revenue, a 52% reduction against the 2019 baseline (2024: 
52%). This is in line with meeting our 2030 target of 50% 
reduction. Progress against this target is the result of sales 
and pay downs of investments, reinvestments, lower issuer 
WACI, and other market effects. The 2030 target accounts 
for anticipated challenges in maintaining the previous level 
of performance over the coming years. General account 
investments in scope for this target represent EUR 23.6 
billion. The coverage compared to the total general account 
investments of EUR 68.9 billion (see note 19.1 of the 
financial statements) is 34% (2024: 38%).
We also achieved a 55% reduction in the carbon intensity 
of directly held real estate investments compared with the 
2019 baseline (carbon intensity of 62 kgCO e/m  in 2025). 
This is in line with our target of 42% reduction against the 
2019 baseline by 2030.
In 2025, we achieved a total of USD 3.2 billion of climate- 
related investments in our portfolio, of which an additional 
USD 0.4 billion was invested in 2025. This means we are on 
track for our commitment of investing USD 1 billion by 2030, 
in addition to the USD 2.5 billion previously invested.
By the end of 2025, we engaged with 20 out of the 20 
targeted investees. This is in line with our target.
2
2
2
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
312 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 313]
Metrics
The following list of metrics, including the KPIs presented 
above, provides insights into the progress made in managing 
our IROs.
The metrics are grouped logically by material sub-topic and 
theme. The metrics are either mandatory ESRS disclosures 
or Aegon-specific.
Methodology
This section includes information on the methodologies 
used for the metrics presented in the metrics tables.
Scope 1 emissions (not material)
Scope 1 covers GHG emissions associated with Aegon's 
own natural gas consumption. In 2025, refrigerant gases and 
stationary diesel use were included for the first time (in total 
for 2025: tCO e 816). Scope 1 includes all properties that 
we own or rent and use for our primary operations, as well as 
leased fossil-fuel cars. Properties where we only have 
financial control, but which we do not use for our own 
operations, fall under directly held real estate investment 
footprint (scope 3). Scope 1 GHG emissions and baseline 
are based on actual energy usage sourced from billing 
information or meter readings, where Aegon has direct 
contracts with energy suppliers.
The energy consumption data is extrapolated by floorspace 
or headcount for sites where consumption data is missing.
The conversion factors for scope 1 are sourced from the UK 
Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs (Defra) 
using "100% mineral" for the United States, and "5% biofuel 
blend" for the Netherlands, United Kingdom, Spain, and 
Hungary. SF  is used by the electricity generators and 
is included. Biogenic emissions originating from the 
combustion or decomposition of biological materials 
such as wood and agricultural residues are not applicable. 
NF emissions stemming from manufacturing are also not 
applicable. Energy conversion is calculated in Envizi, 
an IBM tool to calculate GHG emissions.
Total GHG emissions unit
Baseline 
2019 2025 2024 %
Target 
2030
Target 
2050
Annual % 
target / 
Base year3
Scope 1 GHG emissions
Gross scope 1 GHG emissions tCO e2 4,539 2,364 1,480 60% n.m. n.a. n.m.
Scope 2 GHG emissions
Gross location-based scope 2 GHG 
emissions tCO e2 26,347 4,893 6,202 (21%) n.m. n.a. n.m.
Gross market-based scope 2 GHG 
emissions tCO e2 n.a. 1,426 1,590 (10%) n.m. n.a. n.m.
Total scope 1+2 (location-based)1 tCO e2 30,886 7,257 7,682 (6%) 7,722 n.a. (9.1%)
Scope 3 GHG emissions
Total gross indirect (scope 3) GHG 
emissions tCO e2 n.a. 2,993,588 3,744,413 (20%) n.a. n.a. n.m.
Investments (general account) tCO e2 n.a. 2,809,853 3,585,913 (22%) n.a. n.a. n.m.
Purchased goods and services tCO e2 n.a. 173,893 158,500 10% n.a. n.a. n.m.
Of which: Cloud computing and data 
center services tCO e2 n.a. 13,931 11,560 21% n.a. n.a. n.m.
Business travel tCO e2 n.a. 8,270 8,709 (5%) n.a. n.a. n.m.
Employee home office tCO e2 n.a. 1,573 2,351 (33%) n.a.
n.a. n.m.
Total GHG emissions2
Total GHG emissions (location-based) tCO e2 n.a. 3,000,845 3,752,094 (20%) n.a. n.a. n.m.
Total GHG emissions (market-based) tCO e2 n.a. 2,997,378 3,747,482 (20%) n.a. n.a. n.m.
n.a. – not applicable; n.m. – not measured; pp - percentage points
1 Aegon set combined interim targets for scope 1 and 2 (location-based) for 2030. Aegon has not yet set a target for 2050. The share of scope 1 in this 
reduction target is approximately 27%, and the share of scope 2 approximately 73%.
2 Aegon set a mix of intensity and absolute targets that cannot be aggregated. Furthermore, Aegon did not set targets for all asset classes. For our (interim) 
targets relating to the relevant investment classes, refer to the "Key performance indicator(s) and target(s)" table under the material topic Climate change.
3 This number shows the annual % GHG emissions reduction that Aegon needs to achieve every year to reach the 2030 target. The number for Total scope 1+2 
(location-based) is calculated as follows: total reduction until 2030 is 30,888-7,722=23,166. Reduction each year is 23,164/11 years=2,106, which is 
2,106/23,166*100=9.1% per year.
unit 2025 2024 %
GHG intensity
Total GHG emissions per EURm revenue (location-based)1 tCO e/EURm revenue2 170.1 203.7 (17%)
Total GHG emissions per employee (location-based)2 tCO e/employee2 254.2 313.9 (19%)
Total GHG emissions per EURm revenue (market-based)1 tCO e/EURm revenue2 169.9 203.5 (17%)
Total GHG emissions per employee (market-based)2 tCO e/employee2 253.9 313.6 (19%)
n.a. – not applicable; n.m. – not measured; pp – percentage points
1 Total GHG emissions are divided by Total revenues (Total revenues is presented in note 5 of the financial statements under "Segment results," column 
"Consolidated").
2 Employees refer to direct employees from Aegon Ltd. and its subsidiaries only. The number of direct employees is presented in the metrics table under Human 
capital.
2 6
3 
Environmental information
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 313

[page 314]
The conversion factors were selected because they best 
reflect the energy sources in the regions, are widely used, 
and are updated regularly. Aegon aligns its methodology 
with the GHG Protocol's Corporate Accounting and 
Reporting Standard.
Scope 2 emissions (not material)
Scope 2 covers GHG emissions from the generation of 
acquired and consumed electricity, steam, heat, or cooling. 
It includes all properties that we own or rent and use for 
our primary operations, as well as leased electric cars. 
Properties over which we have financial control but do not 
use for our own operations fall within the footprint of directly 
held real estate investments (scope 3). Electricity used for 
our offices and data centers is our main scope 2 GHG 
source. Electricity is sourced from fossil fuels, non- 
renewable sources, and self-generated non-fuel renewable 
energy (for example, our Cedar Rapids Solar Farm). Biogenic 
emissions are not applicable.
Scope 2 GHG emissions are expressed in both the GHG 
Protocol location-based and market-based metrices. 
Location-based refers to the physical location of energy 
consumption, while market-based uses emission factors 
derived from specific electricity suppliers' contracts, such 
as Renewable Energy Certificates in the United States.
Location-based conversion factors for electricity 
consumption are sourced from the US Environmental 
Protection Agency (eGRID regions), the European 
Environment Agency for the Netherlands, Spain, and 
Hungary, and Defra for the United Kingdom. Market-based, 
conversion factors are sourced from individual electricity 
suppliers. Scope 2 GHG emissions are based on actual 
energy usage sourced from billing information or meter 
readings for Aegon's direct contracts with energy suppliers. 
Energy consumption is extrapolated using floorspace or 
headcount for sites where data are missing. The emissions 
for electricity include CO , CH , and N O. Similar to scope 1, 
the energy conversion for scope 2 is also calculated in 
Envizi. The conversion factors were selected because they 
best reflect the energy sources in the relevant regions, 
are widely used, and are updated regularly.
Scope 3 emissions
All applicable GHG categories based on the 15 categories 
of the GHG protocol are included in scope 3 GHG emissions. 
The categories that are applicable for Aegon are: 
Investments (category 15), Purchased goods and services 
(category 1) combined with Capital goods (category 2), 
Business travel (category 6) and Employee commute 
and remote commuting (category 7). The remaining 10 
categories of the GHG protocol are not applicable and 
therefore excluded.
Only the GHG category Investments is material for Aegon. 
The other GHG categories are not material and information 
is included on a voluntary basis.
GHG emissions from investments include those associated 
with general account investments, including total carbon 
emissions for Corporate Fixed Income (CFI) and Listed 
Equity, total carbon emissions for Sovereign Fixed Income 
(SFI) (including LULUCF), and total carbon emissions for 
directly held real estate. Aegon set interim targets to meet 
its net-zero ambition by 2050 for listed equity and CFI in 
its general account, as well as for directly held real estate 
investments. In line with market practice, these targets are 
set in terms of carbon intensity per asset class rather than 
absolute emissions and therefore not included in this table. 
For our (interim) targets relating to the relevant investment 
classes, refer to the "Key performance indicator(s) and 
target(s)" table under the material topic Climate change.
GHG emissions from purchased goods and services are 
linked to goods and services, including capital goods, 
purchased by Aegon in the reporting year. The calculation is 
estimated automatically in Envizi based on a spend-based 
approach in line with the GHG Protocol’s Corporate 
Accounting and Reporting Standards. This method estimates 
upstream emissions by multiplying the total spend of goods 
and services by their respective emission factors.
The spend data is based on actual invoice payments and 
does not take into account accruals. Actual spend data 
is used for the reporting year until September 30 2025. 
The last quarter is estimated using average actual historical 
spend data in Envizi. The conversion factors are based on 
the Eora66 MRIO factor set, USA. The spend categories 
from our procurement system are mapped to the Eora66 
categories in the emissions calculation system. The spend 
data set is cleaned for transactions that are not included in 
scope 3, such as intercompany transactions, taxes, and 
energy bills (scope 2). The spend data does not include our 
smaller regions because these are not set up in the central 
procurement system, including Spain, Portugal, Asia, and 
Hungary. It also excludes payments made by wire transfers. 
The total spend not covered is not material (less than 1%). 
We have not set a target for this category.
GHG emissions from purchased cloud computing and data 
center services are a subset of the total scope 3 Purchased 
goods and services. The applicable spend categories from 
the procurement system are mapped to the Eora66 
category "Data processing, internet publishing, other IT" 
in the emissions calculations system.
GHG emissions from business travel include air, train, and 
car travel. Emissions are calculated in Envizi based on actual 
travel data and emissions factors from EPA and DEFRA, 
specified by region and distance band. Aegon does not 
report on GHG emissions related to employees commuting 
to the office. The only category reported under employee 
commute includes the emissions associated with direct 
employees working permanently from home. Emissions from 
employees working from home are estimated by applying 
the average energy consumption per employee at our office 
premises to each business unit. 
2 4 2
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
314 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 315]
Climate change mitigation and adaptation unit 2025 2024 %
Investment footprint: Corporate Fixed Income + Listed Equity (CFI)1
CFI - Total carbon emissions tCO e2 1,852,320 2,353,463 (21%)
CFI - Carbon footprint tCO e/EURm invested2 83 89 (6%)
CFI - Total carbon emissions and carbon footprint (coverage) % 95% 93% 2pp
CFI - Weighted average carbon intensity tCO e/EURm revenue2 219 222 (1%)
CFI - Weighted average carbon intensity (coverage) % 95% 94% 1pp
CFI - Weighted average carbon intensity 2019 baseline tCO e/EURm revenue2 459 459 0%
CFI - Reduction of weighted average carbon intensity vs. 2019 baseline % (52%) (52%) (1pp)
Additional CFI metrics in USD:
CFI - Carbon footprint tCO e/USDm invested2 71 n.m. n.m.
CFI - Weighted average carbon intensity tCO e/USDm revenue2 187 n.m. n.m.
CFI - Weighted average carbon intensity 2019 baseline tCO e/USDm revenue2 409 n.m. n.m.
CFI - Reduction of weighted average carbon intensity vs. 2019 baseline 
(based on USD) % (54%) n.m. n.m.
Investment footprint: Sovereign Fixed Income (SFI)1
SFI - Total carbon emissions - excluding LULUCF tCO e2 1,031,281 1,349,558 (24%)
SFI - Carbon footprint - excluding LULUCF tCO e/EURm invested2 260 278 (7%)
SFI - Total carbon emissions and carbon footprint (coverage) - 
excluding LULUCF % 85% 84% 1pp
SFI - Weighted average carbon intensity - excluding LULUCF tCO e/GDP PPP int$2 260 278 (7%)
SFI - Weighted average carbon intensity (coverage) - excluding LULUCF % 85% 84% 1pp
SFI - Total carbon emissions - including LULUCF tCO e2 953,645 1,228,301 (22%)
SFI - Carbon footprint - including LULUCF tCO e/EURm invested2 240 253 (5%)
SFI - Total carbon emissions and carbon footprint (coverage) - including 
LULUCF % 85% 84% 1pp
SFI - Weighted average carbon intensity - including LULUCF tCO e/GDP PPP int$2 240
253 (5%)
SFI - Weighted average carbon intensity (coverage) - including LULUCF % 85% 84% 1pp
Investment footprint: Real estate1
Real estate - Total carbon emissions tCO e2 3,887 4,149 (6%)
Real estate - Total floor space m2 76,594 75,964 1%
Real estate - Carbon intensity kgCO e/m2
2 62 68 (9%)
Real estate - Carbon intensity (coverage) % 82% 80% 2pp
Real estate - Carbon intensity 2019 baseline kgCO e/m2
2 139 139 0%
Real estate - Reduction of carbon intensity vs. 2019 baseline % (55%) (51%) (4pp)
Total carrying amount of real estate assets by energy efficiency classes EURm 45.1 49.9 (10%)
0 to <= 100kWh/m2 EURm 0.9 3.1 (71%)
> 100 to <= 200kWh/m2 EURm 36.9 38.4 (4%)
> 200 to <= 300kWh/m2 EURm - - 0%
> 300 to <= 400kWh/m2 EURm - - 0%
> 400 to <= 500kWh/m2 EURm - - 0%
> 500kWh/m2 EURm 7.4 8.3 (12%)
Investments: Active ownership
Number of engagements with heaviest emitters (based on WACI) nr 20 20 0%
Investment in companies contributing to climate mitigation and/or 
adaptation EURb 2.8 2.5 14%
Investment in companies contributing to climate mitigation and/or 
adaptation USDb 3.2 2.7 19%
Operational footprint (not material)
Total Scope 1+2 (location-based) tCO e2 7,257 7,682 (6%)
Absolute reduction of scope 1+2 vs. baseline 2019 tCO e2 (23,629) (23,204) 2%
Relative reduction of scope 1+2 vs. baseline 2019 % (77%) (75%) (1.4pp)
n.a. – not applicable; n.m. – not measured; pp – percentage points
1 The metrics are calculated in line with PCAF guidelines; however, we do not include scope 3 emissions of our investees due to data limitations. We will evaluate 
data availability with our data vendor in the coming years.
Environmental information
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 315

[page 316]
Methodology
Investment footprint: Corporate Fixed Income + Listed 
Equity (CFI)
The scope covers the listed equity and CFI assets in the 
global general account only. The disclosures are based on 
scope 1 and 2 emissions data reported by listed investees 
and collected through our data vendor MSCI, as well as 
scope 1 and 2 emissions data estimated by MSCI. 87% of 
the reported data has a Partnership for Carbon Accounting 
Financials (PCAF) data quality score in the range of 1 to 2 
(“high quality”). The overall PCAF data quality score improved 
in 2025 to 1.60 (2024: 2.14).
For companies that have not reported carbon emissions 
data in the past, MSCI uses an industry-segment-specific 
intensity model. This model estimates emissions using the 
average carbon intensity for 1,000+ industry segments. 
These average intensities are then multiplied by each of 
the company’s reported segments' revenue to calculate 
estimated emissions for each industry segment.
No parent name adjustments have been applied. 
Transamerica's runoff blocks and externally managed 
portfolios have been excluded from the calculations.
We do not extrapolate data for investees that are not listed 
in MSCI. The data availability for each indicator is expressed 
in a coverage ratio as disclosed above. In line with market 
practice, we use the latest available information from our 
data vendor, MSCI. Data is collected by MSCI once a year 
from the most recent corporate resources. Typically, 
reported data has a time lag of one year, because when 
MSCI pulls the information, the emissions data of the current 
year have often not been published. Reported data from 
the financial years 2025 and 2024 represents 58.6% of the 
covered population. Data from 2023 accounts for 40%, and 
the remaining 1.4% is older than 2023. For companies where 
only historical reported emissions data is available (from 
2023 and earlier), MSCI extrapolates the historical data to 
estimate more recent carbon emissions. For the carbon 
footprint and WACI the portfolio value is calculated based 
on IFRS (clean market value).
Investment footprint: Sovereign Fixed Income (SFI)
The scope covers Sovereign Fixed Income (SFI), specifically 
central government bonds, in the global general account 
only. The scope 1 emissions are reported both including and 
excluding LULUCF. LULUCF stands for the sector's Land use, 
Land-use change, and Forestry. The disclosures are based 
on reported and estimated country-level scope 1 emissions 
data collected by our data vendor MSCI. In line with market 
practice, we use the most recent information available from 
our data vendor. Data is collected by MSCI once a year from 
the most recent official resources. Typically, this type of 
country-level reported data has a time lag of three years. 
As a result, most of the reported data is from the financial 
year 2022.
Emissions data is estimated by MSCI when reported 
data is not available. Historical country-level data for 
scope 1, including LULUCF, are extrapolated using the five- 
year historical average ratio. Historical data for scope 1, 
excluding LULUCF, is extrapolated using growth rates from 
modeled data sources. The PCAF data quality score for 
scope 1, including LULUCF, is 2.11 (“moderately high quality”) 
and for scope 1, excluding LULUCF, is 1.33 (“high quality”). 
We do not extrapolate when countries' emissions data are 
not listed in MSCI. The availability of data for each indicator 
is expressed in a coverage ratio. The WACI is calculated 
based on the purchasing power parity (PPP)-adjusted GDP, 
which removes price level differences between countries. 
The PPP-adjusted GDP is sourced by MSCI directly from the 
World Bank and the IMF. For the carbon footprint and WACI 
the portfolio value is calculated based on IFRS (clean market 
value).
Investment footprint: Real estate
The directly-held real estate investment metrics include 
scope 1 and 2 location-based emissions of those 
properties. The real estate footprint is presented under 
scope 3, following the GHG Protocol. With this presentation, 
we deviate from the EFRAG guidance, which requires us to 
present real estate emissions, for which we have financial 
control, under scopes 1 and 2.
Real estate investment footprint covers “fully and jointly 
owned” commercial and residential real estate in Aegon’s 
general account portfolio, where Aegon directly owns 
physical buildings or, in the case of joint ownership, has a 
25% or greater share. The metric includes both landlord- 
controlled and tenant-controlled buildings and areas. It does 
not include Real Estate Investment Trust (REITs) funds or 
other listed vehicles, which should be captured under listed 
equity and corporate debt. It also includes real estate 
investments for own use, including our six Transamerica 
offices. These offices are part of our own operations and 
therefore also included in the operational footprint scope 1 
and 2 GHG emissions. The emissions relating to these 
offices are immaterial (less than 0.2% of total GHG 
emissions) and therefore not adjusted. The metric only 
covers location-based emissions from these buildings 
where Aegon was able to collect this data.
The scope of the total carrying value of real estate assets 
by energy efficiency classes is the same as for the real 
estate investment footprint. The carrying value represents 
the IFRS value.
For all asset classes presented in the table above, the 
calculation of "total carbon emissions" is based on available 
data and no extrapolation was applied. The data availability 
for each indicator is expressed in a coverage ratio as 
disclosed above. An increase in data coverage will impact 
total carbon emissions.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
316 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 317]
Active ownership
Aegon seeks to establish constructive dialogue with the top 
20 corporate carbon emitters in Aegon's general account, 
either bilaterally or through an investor consortium, to 
promote responsible business practices, including reducing 
its carbon footprint. The number of engagements with the 
heaviest emitters represents the number of companies that 
have been engaged by Aegon. The selection of top emitters 
to engage is based on a quantitative screen of WACI scores, 
as well as a qualitative check considering the history of 
existing engagements and/or reliable counterparties, and 
whether the company has or pledges to have a climate 
transition plan or science-based targets.
Investments in companies that contribute to climate 
mitigation and/or adaptation include investments in 
economic activities that either substantially reduce GHGs by
avoiding emissions or sequestering carbon dioxide already 
in the atmosphere, or that substantially enhance adaptive 
capacity, strengthening resilience, and reduce vulnerability 
to climate change. When assessing climate solution 
investments, we leverage the Target-Setting Protocol's 
guidance in terms of key sector activities (Pollution, Waste, 
Water Solutions, Sustainable Land & Marine, Sustainable 
Transportation, Manufacturing & Industry, ICT Solutions, 
Green Buildings & Homes, and Renewable Energy). For 
labelled "Green" or "Sustainability" bonds, Bloomberg data 
is typically used to confirm that the stated use of proceeds 
meets eligibility criteria. Where available, third-party opinions 
are considered for support (for example Sustainalytics). 
Note that these investments are held in the Transamerica 
general account and are not available for direct investment 
or co-investment by Transamerica clients.
Supplementary explanation
Share of fossil versus renewable sources 
Our approach to energy procurement matured in 2025. 
We discontinued the purchase of Renewable Energy 
Certificates (RECs), which has resulted in a lower share of 
renewable electricity. This change prioritizes direct 
renewable procurement and energy-efficiency measures, 
and ensures our reported figures reflect the tangible grid 
impact of our initiatives. In the United States, the Cedar 
Rapids Solar Farm continues to supply the majority of 
our facilities’ electricity needs.
Methodology
Energy (not material)
Energy use is sourced from billing information or checked 
from meter readings when Aegon has direct contracts with 
the energy suppliers. The metric reflects 12 months of the 
calendar year and the cut-off date for collecting actual data 
is January 31.
Missing data is estimated based on historical energy use 
data. After this cut-off date, data is updated to actuals, only 
in cases of material changes or when significantly more 
accurate information becomes available. If Aegon does not 
manage the energy contract, information is obtained from 
the property's landlord or managing agent.
Energy consumption data for sites is extrapolated using 
floorspace or headcount when actual or historical energy 
consumption data are missing. The scope includes all 
properties that we own or rent and use for our primary 
operations. To demonstrate renewable energy consumption, 
Green Energy Certificates are obtained annually for 
electricity consumed in previous year. 
Energy (not material) unit 2025 2024 %
Energy consumption and mix
Fuel consumption from natural gas1 MWh 8,308 8,123 2%
Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, steam, and cooling from fossil sources2 MWh 3,916 347 1027%
Total fossil energy consumption MWh 12,224 8,471 44%
Share of fossil sources in total energy consumption % 52% 32% 20pp
Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, steam, and cooling from renewable sources3 MWh 6,032 13,118 (54%)
Consumption of self-generated non-fuel renewable energy MWh 5,159 5,011 3%
Total renewable energy consumption MWh 11,190 18,130 (38%)
Share of renewable sources in total energy consumption % 48% 68% (20pp)
Total energy consumption MWh 23,415 26,601 (12%)
n.a. – not applicable; n.m. – not measured; pp - percentage points
1 This refers to natural gas supplied through a national grid network.
2 This refers to electricity, heat, steam, and cooling supplied through a national grid network not specified as being from renewable sources.
3 This refers to electricity, heat, steam, and cooling supplied through a national grid network, but which has been generated from renewable sources (such as 
wind, solar, or hydro). The use of nuclear energy is not specified by energy suppliers and therefore cannot be disclosed separately. It is included in this 
category.
Environmental information
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 317

[page 318]
Assessment of anticipated financial effects and resilience
Aegon regularly assesses the climate-related resilience 
of its business activities to guide and inform its approach 
to climate risk, including transition risk and physical risk. 
The following section outlines how we approach climate 
impact assessments for our business continuity, 
underwriting, and investment management activities and 
how the results affect our resilience to climate change.
Overall view
Overall, our projections and assessment of climate change 
effects demonstrate resilience across Aegon's business 
activities, including our investment activities. Aegon 
implements business continuity measures to mitigate the 
risk of disruption to our operations as a result of physical 
climate risk. We have very limited exposure to non-life 
business and are therefore less exposed to the direct 
consequences of increasing frequency and severity of 
climate-related events in our underwriting. Climate risk 
scenario analysis of our general account investment 
portfolio, performed using a top-down approach, indicates 
that Aegon has a good level of resilience in the general 
account portfolio against key systemic climate risk drivers 
and across climate scenarios, over a 40-year horizon.
This is largely attributed to the high allocation of fixed 
income assets in the general account (see the analysis 
detailed later in this section). Approximately 80% of 
the general account exposure is fixed income assets; 
within this, around 50% is US corporate bonds, which 
serves to limit the cumulative climate-related impact on 
returns. We expect returns from the fixed income asset 
class to be less exposed to climate risks than equities, real 
estate, or other asset classes. In 2025, a complementary 
bottom-up physical risk assessment was performed on 
Transamerica’s commercial mortgage loan (CML) portfolio. 
Analysis demonstrates that elevated climate risk is limited 
to small pockets of portfolio, with a good set of mitigants in 
place to control impacts (for example, insurance, strong 
borrower strength, and equity cushion from borrower).
It is important to recognize the high degree of uncertainty 
with respect to projected outcomes and the inherent 
challenges and limitations with these assessments.
The timeframe for climate change developments stretches 
from the short term (less than one year) – where society 
is already feeling the impacts of climate change – to the 
medium (one to five years) and long-term (more than five 
years) horizon, with a dependency on GHG emission 
pathways. This creates further challenges when assessing 
the relevance of long-term climate developments to the 
organization’s generally shorter-term strategy timeframe, 
which, in the case of Aegon, closely links to our three-year 
budget and medium term plan cycle (B/MTP).
For our investments, we focused on Aegon’s general 
account, where the weighting is heavily fixed income- 
oriented, with smaller amounts allocated to real estate 
and equity-like holdings. In line with peer companies, there is 
also a meaningful exposure to commercial mortgage loans.
Climate risk analysis overview
Based on our current assessments, we conclude that 
Aegon’s climate risk exposure relating to underwriting and 
Aegon’s general account assets is limited, and that the 
company’s resilience is good. The following sections provide 
more detailed findings from our climate-related resilience 
assessment.
Business continuity
Business continuity refers to the capability of an 
organization to continue delivering its critical products 
and/or services at an acceptable level during and after a 
disruptive event (for example, an extreme weather event). 
Aegon has embedded Business Continuity Management 
(BCM) throughout the organization in order to ensure that 
the targeted business continuity risk is mitigated and 
maintained within the set tolerance, and to ensure that 
we assess, consider, and comply with relevant legislative, 
regulatory, and internal requirements.
As part of Aegon’s business continuity practices, each 
business unit conducts and maintains a Business Impact 
Analysis (BIA) addressing severe but plausible business 
disruptions, including physical climate-related risks such as 
floods or earthquakes.
In addition, each business unit owns business continuity 
plans for operations during and after such events, and 
disaster recovery plans that define the resources, actions, 
tasks, and data required to manage the technology recovery 
effort. Aegon’s business continuity, disaster recovery, and 
crisis management practices are regularly assessed, 
validated, and enhanced to ensure their effectiveness.
Physical climate-related risks are mitigated through 
established measures, including remote-working capability 
and backup and recovery measures on a data center, 
hardware, application, and data level. In addition, there are 
physical security controls and comprehensive resilience 
planning. As a result of these controls, the residual financial 
impact of physical climate-related risks is assessed as 
limited. Remaining residual risk primarily relates to 
large-scale external infrastructure failures, such as 
prolonged disruption of energy, telecommunications, 
or internet services, which are beyond our direct control.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
318 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 319]
Insurance and pension - underwriting
Aegon is primarily a life insurance company and therefore 
the main exposure to climate risk in underwriting is through 
the impact on life expectancy. Because of Aegon’s minimal 
non-life business, impacts from the direct consequences of 
increasing frequency and severity of climate-related events 
are limited. The climate-related impacts on life expectancy 
are expected to materialize over time through shifts in 
average mortality and morbidity rates. These developments 
are highly uncertain, and there has always been a 
continuous shift in mortality and morbidity rates, with 
underlying driving factors influencing these rates up and 
down. Historically, we have observed a general decline in 
mortality rates. People are living longer, mainly through the 
advancement of science, while behavioral changes such as 
obesity and drug addiction are examples of drivers that 
cause higher mortality. Climate change is likely to be an 
additional driver that can impact mortality positively or 
negatively.
In a 2023 World Health Organization publication, a 
quantitative risk assessment is made of the effects of 
climate change on selected causes of death throughout 
2030 to 2050. According to the study, the yearly projected 
number of additional global deaths due to climate change 
is around 250,000. This is a small fraction of the global 
population, concentrated in markets in which Aegon does 
not operate and mostly affects the less affluent uninsured 
population. When these factors are considered, we consider 
the projected financial effects for Aegon to be minimal.
Investments
Aegon conducts an extensive and systematic quantitative 
climate risk assessment annually. The assessment consists 
of two elements: a climate scenario analysis focused on the 
overall portfolio level impacts and an asset-level climate 
risk analysis. For the 2025 climate scenario analysis, Aegon 
continued its collaboration with Ortec Finance using the 
company's Climate MAPS solution, a scenario-based tool.
While the full scenario analysis includes Aegon’s separate 
account investment portfolio, the potential within the 
separate account to financially impact Aegon is more limited 
and indirect, because customers primarily bear the 
investment risk. Therefore, the scope of the following 
information includes Aegon’s general account portfolio.
The assessment includes asset-level impacts in addition to 
the portfolio level results, to increase the understanding of 
the anticipated financial effects from physical and transition 
risk within Aegon’s general account portfolio. To better 
reflect Aegon’s general account specifics (for example, 
asset type mix, sector mix, and region mix), transition risk and 
physical risk are considered separately. For more details on 
the steps taken during the assessment, please see the 
Methodology and assumptions section.
Climate pathways overview
In the results shared below five plausible climate pathways 
are considered, as follows:
 
An orderly Net-zero pathway (“Net-zero” / “NZ”)
 A disorderly Net-zero pathway (“Net-zero Financial Crisis” / 
“NZFC”)
 A delayed Net-zero pathway (“Delayed Net-zero” / “DNZ”)
 An orderly but limited transition (“Limited Action” / “LA”)
 A failed transition pathway (“High Warming” / “HW”)
A depiction of the Ortec scenarios and baseline according to 
temperature, and the level of physical and transition risk can 
be found in the figure below. Further details about these 
scenarios and their key underlying assumptions can be 
found subsequently in the Methodology and assumptions 
section.
Ortec scenarios and baseline according to 
temperature and the level of physical and 
transition risk
Portfolio level climate risk impacts - overview
As previously stated, our projections demonstrate good 
resilience in the value of the general account portfolio 
against key systemic climate risk drivers and across climate 
scenarios, over a 40-year horizon. This is largely attributed 
to the high allocation of fixed income assets in the general 
account, which serves to limit the cumulative climate- 
related impact on returns. We expect the returns from the 
fixed income asset to be less exposed to climate risks than 
equities, real estate, or other asset classes. This is due to its 
higher seniority of bondholders (versus shareholders/asset 
owners) and the limited maturity of the bonds. 
Environmental information
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 319

[page 320]
It is important to recognize, as previously stated, the high 
degree of uncertainty with respect to these projected 
outcomes. This includes the time periods over which we 
consider resilience, differing predictions of potential climate 
change pathways, and data availability. Climate risk scenario 
modeling is an inherently challenging topic involving 
significant assumptions and the need for modeling complex 
interactions.
Furthermore, projected outcomes show only the median 
outcome under the modeled pathway, and not the 
uncertainty underlying the point estimate. There are 
additional challenges due to the relevance of long-term 
climate developments to the organization’s strategic 
planning, which is over shorter timespans.
Asset-level impacts - transition risk overview
Transition risk reflects the financial impacts arising from 
a global shift to a low-carbon economy, driven by changes 
in policy, regulation, technology, and market/consumer 
sentiment. For Aegon’s general account, this risk may 
manifest via investments in sectors or companies whose 
value may decline or whose credit quality may deteriorate 
under a low-carbon transition.
The impacts of this risk are expected to vary by time horizon 
such that there is a medium impact over a short-term 
horizon and a high impact over a medium- and long-term 
horizon.
To assess the significance of this risk to Aegon, the 
projected returns of different asset types and sectors were 
considered under the DNZ pathway, where transition risk is 
most prominent. Carbon intensive sectors such as oil and 
gas, fossil-based utilities, and coal and manufactured fuels 
are most adversely affected, and the magnitude of the 
adverse impacts were more severe for equities than 
investment grade corporate bonds.
The sectoral breakdown of Aegon’s general account, with 
the majority being corporate bond holdings, shows that they 
are well diversified by sector and the exposure to more 
carbon-intensive sectors (for example, energy and natural 
gas) is not overly concentrated. This helps to limit Aegon’s 
transition risk exposure relating to the general account 
assets.
Asset-level impacts - physical risk overview
Physical risk covers climate risks associated with physical 
changes, for example, temperature, rising sea levels, 
decreasing land, labor, and productivity. These risks are 
driven by extreme weather events; for example, acute 
physical risk and gradual temperature changes (chronic 
physical risk).
The impacts of this risk are expected to vary by time horizon: 
there is a medium impact over a short-term horizon and a 
high impact over a medium- and long-term horizon.
To assess the significance of this risk to Aegon, the 
projected returns of different asset types and sectors are 
considered under the HW pathway, where physical risk is 
very prominent. Analysis shows projected returns vary 
significantly by asset type. Real estate assets and 
alternatives (mostly private equity) are most adversely 
affected followed by equity, while cash and fixed income 
assets are more resilient. Sector differences are less 
pronounced in this scenario, with region being a much bigger 
distinguishing factor.
Given this insight, Aegon’s general account asset type and 
regional breakdown were further examined. Although the 
portfolio is heavily concentrated in the United States, a 
region where the projected GDP impacts are more severe 
than average (versus other countries), the predominance of 
fixed income and relatively low allocations to real estate and 
equity help mitigate this exposure. Overall, Aegon’s physical 
risk exposure for the general account assets is assessed as 
limited.
Connectivity with financial statements
We have considered the connectivity between the climate- 
related assumptions reflected in the financial statements 
versus those in the climate risk scenario analysis of our 
asset portfolio. The role and nature of climate assumptions 
differ between the two calculations. In the financial 
statements, we are generally interested in the fair value of 
an asset, and climate assumptions are reflected implicitly in 
the market prices. In climate risk scenario analysis, we are 
interested in the understanding of the resilience of asset 
values under specific climate scenario stresses. We make 
specific climate assumptions to measure this.
There are also similarities in the climate assumptions used. 
For both the Expected Credit Loss (ECL) in the financial 
statements and for the baseline in the climate risk scenario 
analysis, we use Network for Greening the Financial System 
(NGFS) scenarios as input for the baseline calculation. 
However, our data vendors also use their own in-house 
scenarios to complement the NGFS scenarios. Moody’s 
Analytics, which supports us in the ECL calculation, uses 
a weighted combination of three NGFS scenarios in 
combination with their in-house Technology Solutions 
scenario.
Ortec Finance uses physical risk impacts from the NGFS 
Nationally Determined Contributions (NDC) scenario and 
transition risk impacts from their in-house LA scenario for 
the climate risk scenario analysis. Overall, we notice that the 
forecasted baseline warming range is broadly consistent. 
More details on the climate risk scenario analysis 
methodology can be found in the Methodology and 
assumptions section.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
320 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 321]
Detailed climate risk analysis
Detailed portfolio level impacts
In the figure on the right, the 2025 overall results with 
respect to the general account asset portfolio are provided. 
Results are shown as a return impact versus a climate- 
informed baseline outlook. Of the five core pathways (solid 
lines), the chart illustrates the HW pathway has the greatest 
ultimate cumulative impact on the portfolio where the 
impacts develop more gradually but accelerate later 
following the significant physical risks of this path 
manifesting and future impacts being priced in by the 
financial markets. In the case of the LA pathway, a similar 
shape to the impacts is observed, though they are less 
severe than the HW.
The DNZ and NZFC pathways, in line with expectation, have 
a smaller ultimate cumulative impact versus HW and LA. 
Given the delay in reaching a net-zero world, the cumulative 
impacts for the DNZ pathway are slightly more severe than 
the NZFC due to the accumulated physical risk impacts. 
However, in the case of NZFC, significant return volatility is 
observed in the short term. The NZ pathway is smooth and 
returns are resilient, displaying the most optimistic outcome.
Overall, the projections in the chart demonstrate good 
resilience in the value of the general account portfolio 
against key systemic climate risk drivers and across climate 
scenarios, over a 40-year horizon. This is largely attributed 
to the high allocation of fixed income assets in the general 
account, which serves to limit the cumulative climate- 
related impact on returns. We expect the returns from the 
fixed income asset class to be less exposed to climate risks 
than equities, real estate, or other asset classes. This is due 
to its higher seniority of bondholders (versus shareholders/ 
asset owners) and the limited maturity of the bonds.
Despite the above assessment, it is important to recognize, 
as stated earlier, the high degree of uncertainty with respect 
to the outcomes projected above. Furthermore, it is 
important to recognize the projected outcomes show only 
the median outcome under the modeled pathway, and not 
the uncertainty underlying the point estimate.
In recognition of this, the figure shows the results of two 
stress variants for the NZFC and HW pathways (see dashed 
lines). These represent stress scenarios of the original 
pathways, where extreme shocks are applied to further test 
the resilience of Aegon’s general account portfolio in these 
scenarios. The effects of the more severe damage function 
can be seen in the HW stress variant, with cumulative 
returns around 7.5% more severe than the regular HW 
variant by the end of the 40-year projection. The NZFC 
stress variant also depicts the more severe sentiment shock 
in 2025, however, the long-term impacts of this stress are 
reasonably muted.
Detailed asset-level impacts
This section will focus on asset-level analysis to further 
investigate transition and physical risk independently. 
This analysis will consider the asset side of the balance 
sheet with the scope restricted to Aegon’s general account 
assets. In the figure below the asset weighting of the general 
account is shown as per December 2025.
The objective of this analysis is to provide an understanding 
on how physical and transition risks have (or could 
reasonably be expected to have) a material influence on the 
undertaking’s financial position, financial performance, and 
cash flows over the short, medium, and long term. For this 
purpose, Aegon has defined the short, medium, and long 
term as detailed here.
Environmental information
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 321

[page 322]
In the previous figure, corporate bonds represent the largest 
holdings, accounting for close to half of the general account 
exposure as per December 2025. The assessments below 
have been made without considering climate change 
mitigation and adaptation actions for transition and physical 
risk respectively (they are gross impacts). 
Detailed asset-level impacts - transition risk
Transition risk covers climate risk associated with the 
transition to a low-carbon economy driven by changes in 
policy, regulation, technology, and market and consumer 
sentiment. For the assets in Aegon’s general account, this 
risk may manifest via investments in sectors or companies 
that are adversely exposed to a transition to a low-carbon 
economy and thereby lose value or experience default or 
downgrade.
For this analysis, the impacts of this risk are expected to vary 
over time such that there is a medium impact over a short- 
term horizon and a high impact over a medium- and long- 
term horizon.
To assess the significance of this risk to Aegon, the 
projected returns of different asset types and sectors were 
considered under the NZ, NZFC, and DNZ pathways, where 
transition risk is most prominent. Of the net-zero pathways, 
DNZ is best placed to assess transition risk since NZ 
represents a very optimistic scenario and NZFC exhibits 
severe volatility in the short term with resulting sentiment 
shock. For example, in the figure below the sectoral 
performance is shown for US investment-grade corporates 
and US equity under the DNZ scenario.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
322 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 323]
The charts above demonstrate a large differentiation in 
returns by sector under this DNZ pathway. As expected, 
highly carbon-intensive sectors such as oil and gas, fossil- 
based utilities, and coal and manufactured fuels are most 
adversely affected. The magnitude of the adverse impacts 
differs substantially for equity and investment grade 
corporate bonds, with the former having far more extreme 
impacts.
Given this insight, the sector breakdown of Aegon’s general 
account was examined to understand Aegon’s exposure 
to sectors with the greatest transition risk exposure. 
For example, in the next figure the sectoral breakdown of 
the Transamerica general account corporate bond holdings 
is shown.
From this, we can see that Transamerica’s general account 
holdings in corporate bonds are well diversified by sector 
and the exposure to more carbon-intensive sectors (for 
example, energy and natural gas) is not overly concentrated. 
This feature helps limit Aegon’s transition risk exposure 
relating to the general account assets.
Detailed asset-level impacts - physical risk
Physical risk covers climate risks associated with physical 
changes; for example, temperature, rising sea levels, 
decreasing land, labor, and productivity. These risks are 
driven by extreme weather events (acute physical risk) 
and gradual temperature changes (chronic physical risk).
Environmental information
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 323

[page 324]
The impacts of this risk are expected to increase with time, 
such that it has a low impact over a short-term horizon, 
a medium impact over a medium-term horizon, and a high 
impact over a long-term horizon.
To assess the significance of this risk to Aegon, the 
projected returns of different asset types and sectors 
are considered under the HW pathway where physical 
risk is very prominent. In the figure below, the projections 
for the HW pathway are shown.
 
In the HW scenario, where physical risk is very prominent, 
there is a large variation in returns by asset type. 
For example, real estate assets and alternatives (mostly 
private equity) are most adversely affected followed by 
equity. Cash and fixed income assets are more resilient.
Under the HW pathway, the level of sector performance 
differentiation is more limited, with the region of exposure 
being a much bigger distinguishing factor.
Given this insight, Aegon’s general account asset type and 
regional breakdown were examined. From a regional 
perspective, the general account exposure is heavily 
concentrated in the United States, a region where the 
magnitude of the projected negative impacts on GDP is 
above average. However, the consequence of this regional 
concentration in the United States is mitigated somewhat by 
the Aegon general account asset mix, which is heavily fixed 
income orientated with smaller amounts allocated to real 
estate and equity-like holdings.
Overall, we believe the above considerations help limit 
Aegon’s physical risk exposure as pertains to the company’s 
general account assets.
Finally, it is worth noting that this assessment has been 
made more from a top-down (that is, an asset class, sector, 
and region level) perspective. We are concurrently 
developing our bottom-up assessment capabilities (for 
example, security and property level) to complement the 
existing top-down analysis. For example, in 2025 we 
conducted a bottom-up physical risk assessment on 
Transamerica’s commercial mortgage loan (CML) portfolio 
on a pilot basis. From a property perspective, we observe 
pockets of exposure to climate risk. However, when looking 
from a loan perspective (as the commercial mortgage 
lender), we consider property risk remote due to the strong 
set of mitigants in place to limit impacts.
The above analysis suggests Aegon’s more limited exposure 
to both physical and transition risk when considering the 
general account assets. Both the scope and methodology 
will continue to evolve as Aegon works toward quantitative 
disclosures in the future.
Methodology and assumptions
In this section, we provide details on the scenarios, 
methodologies, and assumptions underlying the climate 
scenario analysis. As mentioned, to conduct this year’s 
annual climate scenario analysis, Aegon continued its 
collaboration with Ortec Finance using their Climate MAPS 
solution, a scenario-based tool. The scope of this 
assessment covers all insurance business units1.
Aegon Asset management is out of scope of analysis1
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
324 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 325]
Performing this assessment consists of different stages 
(listed in order of sequence):
 Climate pathways development with scenarios differing 
in terms of policy and technology changes, physical risks, 
and pricing-in changes.
 
Macroeconomic modeling where scenario assumptions 
drive macroeconomic changes per region, per sector (for 
example, country GDP, inflation, and sector Gross Value 
Added (GVA)).
 
Financial modeling which translates macroeconomic 
impacts to financial variables and pricing dynamics are 
modeled. Climate MAPS translates GDP/GVA and 
Consumer Price Index climate-shocks over time to 600+ 
financial and economic variables.
 Apply mapping where Aegon’s assets, encompassing 
both securities and funds, are mapped to asset 
benchmarks available in Climate MAPS. The end model 
output is climate-adjusted risk-return metrics for Aegon’s 
asset portfolios up to 40 years ahead over the different 
climate pathways.
The first three stages above form part of Ortec Finance’s 
Climate MAPS solution with the final mapping stage 
conducted by Aegon.
Climate pathways in detail
As stated previously, five plausible climate pathways are 
considered as presented in the table below.
The analysis includes a climate-informed baseline which 
reflects a 2-3°C warming range, which we believe aligns with 
industry and market views under which we are currently 
traveling down a "too little too late" trajectory. Furthermore, 
the assumed transition risk impacts are consistent with the 
LA pathway and physical risk impacts consistent with the 
Network for Greening the Financial System’s (NGFS) 
Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs) scenario.
We believe these assumed impacts are reasonably aligned 
with market pricing, where some pricing of climate risks is 
evident. The impacts in the subsequent 2025 results shown 
are relative to this reference baseline.
Description of climate pathways
This figure highlights the warming assumed in the reference 
baseline is most closely aligned with the LA pathway due to 
the similar range of global temperature increases of 2-3°C. It 
is worth noting that the NZ pathway can now be seen as an 
optimistic scenario where the global temperature increase 
is only 1.6°C.
In the scenario analysis, two stress variants of the HW 
and NZFC pathways are also considered. The NZFC stress 
variant incorporates the impact of more severe sentiment 
shock where the stress variant is double that of the NZFC.
Net-zero (NZ) Net-zero financial crisis 
(NZFC)
Delayed net-zero (DNZ) Limited action (LA) High warming (HW)
Explores an orderly net- 
zero transition (avg. 
Global warming of 1.6°C 
by 2100)
Explores disruptive 
reaction from financial 
markets (avg. global 
warming of 1.6°C by 
2100)
Explores a disruptive and 
delayed net-zero 
transition (avg. global 
warming of 1.9°C by 
2100)
Explores an orderly but 
limited transition (avg. 
global warming of 2.9°C 
by 2100)
Explores severe physical 
climate risks (avg. global 
warming of 3.7°C by 
2100)
• Highly ambitious low- 
carbon policy and rapid 
technology transition 
• Early and smooth 
transition 
• Market pricing-in 
dynamics occur 
smoothed out in the first 
3 years 
• Locked-in physical 
impacts
• Highly ambitious low- 
carbon policy and rapid 
technology transition 
• Sudden disinvestments 
in 2025 to align portfolios 
to the Paris Agreement 
goals have disruptive 
effects on 
financial markets with 
sudden repricing 
followed by stranded 
assets and a sentiment 
shock 
• Locked-in physical 
impacts
• Ambitious policy 
commitments 
combined with 
considerable 
improvements in 
feasibility and 
competitiveness of low- 
carbon technology 
• Markets price in 
transition and physical 
risks in 2030 
• Physical risks limited 
over short- to medium- 
term
• Policymakers 
implemented limited 
NDCs and fall short of 
meeting the Paris 
Agreement goals 
• High gradual physical 
and 
extreme weather impacts 
• Markets price in physical 
risks of the 
coming 40 years in 2030, 
and risks of 40-80 years 
in 2039
• No new climate policies 
enacted and 
the world fails to meet 
the Paris Agreement 
goals 
• Very severe gradual 
physical and extreme 
weather impacts 
• Markets price in physical 
risks of the 
coming 40 years in 2023, 
and 
risks of 40-80 years in 
2039
Proprietary Ortec 
pathway aligned to :2
Proprietary Ortec 
pathway aligned to :2
Proprietary Ortec 
pathway aligned to :2
Proprietary Ortec 
pathway aligned to :2
Proprietary Ortec 
pathway aligned to :3
~ "very low emissions" 
IPCC scenario: SSP1-1.9 
with a ~50% probability of 
limiting warming to 1.5°C 
by 2100
~ "very low emissions" 
IPCC scenario: SSP1-1.9 
with a ~50% probability of 
limiting warming to 1.5°C 
by 2100
~ "low emissions" IPCC 
scenario: SSP1-2.6 with a 
very likely 1.3°C to 2.4°C 
warming by 2100
~ "intermediate 
emissions" IPCC 
scenario: SSP2-4.5 with a 
very likely 2.1°C to 3.5°C 
warming by 2100
~ "high emissions" IPCC 
scenario: SSP3-7.0 with a 
very likely 2.8°C to 4.6°C 
warming by 2100
Environmental information
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 325

[page 326]
In the HW pathway, there are two pricing-in periods that 
represent the long-term impacts of physical risk. The HW 
stress variant uses a more severe damage function1 and 
assumes the second pricing-in period of the HW pathway 
materializes earlier, meaning the physical impacts are more 
severe sooner.
Macroeconomic modeling
The climate pathway assumptions drive macroeconomic 
changes per region and sector (such as GDP, inflation, and 
sector GVA). As an example, in the following figure, the 
projected cumulative impact on US GDP is shown for each 
pathway, together with the risk driver contribution from 
transition risks (for instance, policy, and technological 
changes) and physical risk (for example, gradual impact, 
and extreme weather events).
The figure below illustrates the greatest ultimate cumulative 
GDP impacts for the HW pathway, followed by the LA 
pathway and then followed by the DNZ pathway. In these 
pathways, we notice physical risks are particularly 
prominent with gradual physical risk impacts increasing 
significantly over time. In the net-zero (NZ and NZFC) 
pathways that follow, the ultimate cumulative GDP impacts 
are smaller, having successfully transitioned to a net-zero 
world by 2050. Nevertheless, locked-in physical impacts still 
emerge in these pathways.
High Warming scenario uses the Logistic 5°C damage function, whereas the High Warming Stress variant uses the Logistic 4°C damage function, meaning 100% 
GDP loss is reached earlier, at 4°C instead of 5°C.
1
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
326 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 327]
Financial modeling
The next step in the modeling involves employing financial 
modelling to translate the macroeconomic impacts to 
financial variables and capturing pricing dynamics. These 
variables have a high degree of granularity differing by 
country, sector, and year for each pathway.
As an example, the figure above shows the projected annual 
impact across four pathways for US equities and US 
investment-grade corporate bonds.
In the case of the HW and LA pathways, where physical risk 
is prominent, two pricing-in periods are assumed where 
financial markets price in physical risks of the coming 40 
years during 2030, and risks of 40 to 80 years during 2039. 
It can be observed that these pricing-in moments negatively 
impact both US equities and US corporates. However, US 
investment grade corporates exhibit a strong rebound in the 
ensuing years of both periods. Fixed income investments are 
projected to be more resilient to climate-related risks than 
equities, due to the seniority of bondholders compared to 
shareholders and the limited term to maturity of corporate 
bonds.
In contrast, in the NZFC pathway, where transition risk is 
prominent, a severe negative impact is concentrated in 
2026 for both asset classes when sudden disinvestments, 
to align portfolios to the Paris Agreement goals, have 
disruptive effects on financial markets, with sudden repricing 
followed by stranded assets and a sentiment shock. US 
corporate bonds demonstrate considerable resilience in 
2027 as the market adjusts and perception shifts post- 
repricing, unlike US equities. The DNZ pathway shows more 
severe negative impact than the NZFC since the disruptive 
policy change is delayed until 2030, allowing physical risk 
to manifest to a greater extent.
Mapping to Aegon exposures
In this final stage, we apply mapping where Aegon’s assets, 
encompassing both securities and funds, are mapped to 
asset benchmarks available in Climate MAPS. The Climate 
MAPS solution has a large suite of asset benchmarks 
available with a high level of granularity by asset class, 
region, and rating. The depth and breadth of available asset 
benchmarks is strongest for more traditional asset classes 
(such as equities, government bonds, corporate bonds, and 
real estate). However, we observe that, for less traditional 
exposure (for example, mortgage assets), mapping can be 
more challenging, requiring the use of proxies.
In this step, we make assumptions of how the general 
account asset portfolio evolves over time, specifically that 
portfolio asset allocation is stable over time and that its 
value rises and falls with its investment return but does not 
take account of other external dynamics; for example, new 
money inflows and claims outflows.
It is worth noting that, in the case of fixed income credit, the 
asset exposure is mapped to a combination of corporate 
bond benchmarks with specific credit ratings. Given that 
a constant asset allocation over time is assumed, this 
implicitly assumes a regular rebalancing of the exposure, as 
defaults and migrations emerge, to maintain the initial credit 
rating split.
Environmental information
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 327

[page 328]
An alternative modeling approach would be to assume less 
dynamic management of the fixed income assets where 
Aegon would buy and hold the securities.
Following application of the mapping, the end model output 
is climate adjusted risk-return metrics for Aegon’s asset 
portfolios up to 40 years ahead over the different climate 
pathways.
Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures content index
The table below indicates where Aegon's TCFD disclosures 
can be found in this report. In line with local regulations, 
Aegon UK and Aegon Asset Management UK publish 
standalone TCFD reports. The latest versions are available 
on their respective websites.
Section Recommended disclosure Page reference
Governance a) Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related 
risks and opportunities
General information - Governance - Aegon's sustainability 
governance
b) Describe management’s role in assessing and 
managing climate-related risks and opportunities
General information - Governance - Aegon's sustainability 
governance
Strategy a) Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities 
the organization has identified over the short, medium 
and long term
Climate change - Impacts, risks, and opportunities - Climate 
change mitigation 
Climate change - Impacts, risks, and opportunities - Climate 
change adaptation
b) Describe the impact of climate-related risks and 
opportunities on the organization’s business, strategy, 
and financial planning
General information - Governance - Aegon's sustainability 
governance 
Climate change - Policies, procedures, and commitments 
Climate change - Actions (and resources)
c) Describe the resilience of the organization’s 
strategy, taking into considerations different climate- 
related scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario
Climate change - Assessment of anticipated financial 
effects and resilience - Climate risk analysis overview
Risk management a) Describe the organization’s processes for 
identifying and assessing climate-related risks
Climate change - Group-level Climate Risk Assessment
b) Describe the organization’s processes for managing 
climate-related risks
General information - Governance - Monitoring the 
effectiveness of our policies and risk framework 
Climate change - Group-level Climate Risk Assessment
c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, 
and managing climate-related risks are integrated into 
the organization’s overall risk management
General information - Governance - Monitoring the 
effectiveness of our policies and risk framework 
Climate change – Integration of climate risk within our wider 
risk approach
Metrics and targets a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to 
assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line 
with its strategy and risk management process
Climate change – Metrics
b) Disclose scope 1, scope 2, and, if appropriate, scope 
3 GHG emissions, and the related risks
Climate change - Impacts, risks, and opportunities - Climate 
change mitigation 
Climate change - Impacts, risks, and opportunities - Climate 
change adaptation 
Climate change – Metrics
c) Describe the targets used by the organization to 
manage climate-related risks and opportunities and 
performance against targets
Climate change - Key performance indicator(s) and target(s)
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
328 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 329]
Social information
Human capital
Our people are key to how we achieve our purpose and strategy, as explained in the 
Creating value for our stakeholders section, Employees.
We aim to maintain high levels of employee engagement 
and wellbeing and to support our workforce in building 
rewarding and fulfilling careers. Attracting, developing, and 
retaining talent is vital to ensuring our people reach their 
full potential and live their best working lives. In line with 
our purpose, we seek to create a professional culture that 
engages and welcomes everyone and demonstrates these 
values to our customers and communities to drive positive 
change. Aegon’s ambition is to be a fair and inclusive 
company, supporting people to overcome obstacles to 
participation and building an environment where everyone 
belongs and can play a role in our collective success. 
The following section outlines our approach to managing 
the material IROs associated with human capital.
Definition
Aegon’s approach to human capital aims to create a work 
environment that enables our employees to thrive for the 
benefit of themselves and their organization. It covers talent 
management, working conditions, employee engagement, 
and equal treatment and opportunities.
Aegon's workforce includes three main categories:
 
Our own (direct) employees; this category covers 
employees of Aegon Ltd. and its wholly owned 
subsidiaries.
 Non-employee workers1 in our workforce who, typically, 
perform similar work to that of our employees.
Our direct employees work in an office environment or from 
home, and the majority are based in the Americas, followed 
by the United Kingdom and the Netherlands.
Impacts, risks, and opportunities
Aegon aims to amplify its positive impact, contribute to 
meaningful and fulfilling careers for a multi-generational 
workforce, and embody the characteristics of a modern and 
responsible employer. This includes creating a supportive 
work environment, and providing wider benefits, such as 
flexible working and parental leave. Overall, these actions 
aim to enhance employee engagement and help employees 
live their best lives.
Aegon’s material IROs related to human capital are spread 
across the sub-topics of general working conditions, social 
dialogue, training and skills development, equal treatment 
and opportunities, and measures against violence and 
harassment in the workplace.
The IROs apply to our own (direct) employees in all 
geographies where we have wholly owned subsidiaries2. 
The material IROs described below are positive impacts 
that can arise in the short-, medium-, and long-term. 
The table below depicts where the IROs arise in the value 
chain. Each IRO is described below in more detail, and 
the numbering corresponds to the numbers in the table.
Non-employee workers are individuals who have a contract with Aegon to supply labor (“self-employed workers”) and workers provided by third-party companies 
primarily engaged in “employment activities.” Non-employee workers hired through third-party companies typically perform the same work when they cover for 
employees who are temporarily absent (for example, due to illness, holiday, or parental leave).
In the case of our employee engagement survey, the employees of joint ventures are included in the scope.
1
2
Social information
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 329

[page 330]
General working conditions
Definition: The working environment and aspects of 
an employee's terms and conditions of employment.
Impact:
1. Positive, actual: Good working conditions, including 
flexible working, wider benefits, fair pay, vacation, family 
leave, and other provisions, promote positive impacts for 
all our talent, such as physical and mental wellbeing and 
an engaged and motivated workforce.
Social dialogue
Definition: Exchange of information and views between 
employer and employees on issues of common interest 
relating to working environment and engagement.
Impact:
2. Positive, actual: Social dialogue affects people by 
improving workplace relations and job satisfaction, leading 
to a more motivated workforce.
Training and skills development
Definition: Ongoing education and training opportunities for 
workers to develop their skills and advance their careers, 
enhancing both individual and organizational performance.
Impact:
3. Positive, actual: Training and skills development impact 
the workforce by improving their capabilities and career 
prospects, leading to higher job satisfaction.
Equal treatment and opportunities
Definition: Providing all employees with a safe and fulfilling 
work environment where people treat each other with 
respect and dignity. It also entails, providing equal 
opportunity where employees are selected based on 
their ability to do the job, with no distinction, exclusion, or 
preference made on other grounds.
Impacts:
4. Positive, actual: An inclusive and diverse workforce 
promotes fairness and increases representation, positively 
impacting employee engagement, and creativity/innovation.
5. Positive, actual: Gender equality/equal pay impacts 
Aegon's workforce by promoting fairness and reducing 
inequality, leading to increased inclusion which may result 
in a motivated and engaged workforce.
Measures against violence and harassment in the 
workplace
Definition: Anti-discrimination and harassment measures. 
Discrimination occurs with the purpose or effect of violating 
the dignity of a person, and of creating an intimidating, 
hostile, degrading, humiliating, or offensive environment. 
Harassment refers to a situation where unwanted conduct 
occurs related to a protected ground (that is, race, color, 
religion, age, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, 
national origin, veteran status, disability unrelated to job 
requirements, military service or other protected status).
Impact:
6. Positive, actual: Measures against violence and 
harassment within Aegon's workforce contribute to the 
safety and mental well-being of its workforce, leading to 
a more satisfied workforce.
Policies and procedures
At Aegon, our people are key to how we achieve our purpose 
and deliver on our strategy and sustainability ambitions. 
Furthermore, our long-term success depends on maintaining 
a skilled, motivated, and purpose-driven workforce. 
Our approach covers the different stages of the employee 
experience, from promoting employee engagement and 
good working conditions, to following best practices in 
attracting, developing, and retaining talent. We aim to 
support and develop people across our organization, from 
all backgrounds, to create a highly skilled and effective 
workforce, in an environment where everyone belongs 
and can contribute.
Where in the value chain 
do material IROs arise?
Material IROs related to the 
sustainability matter
ESRS topic
Sustainability matter 
(sub-topic and sub- 
sub-topic) Upstream
Own 
operations Downstream Impact Risk Opportunity
ESRS S1: Own 
workforce
General working 
conditions
Own operations 1
Social dialogue Own operations 2
Training and skills 
development Own operations
3
Equal treatment and 
opportunities
Own operations 4, 5
Measures against 
violence and 
harassment in the 
workplace
Own operations 6
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
330 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 331]
Approach to working conditions and social dialogue
Our approach to managing material IROs related to working 
conditions is supported by a single global policy: our Global 
Remuneration Framework.
In addition to this global policy, each business unit develops 
and implements human capital policies tailored to the 
conditions and regulations in the countries where it 
operates. Policies related to general working conditions are 
covered in the employee handbooks of Transamerica and 
Aegon AM, and Aegon UK has a suite of policies that cover 
general working conditions. These local policies cover topics 
such as flexible working and parental leave. At the holding 
company in the Netherlands, these conditions are included 
in the collective labor agreement (CLA).
The Global Remuneration Framework details Aegon's 
approach to remuneration and supports how we manage our 
IROs for general working conditions (IRO 1). The framework 
is based on the principle of pay-for-performance and sets 
out governance principles covering both fixed and variable 
pay. The variable remuneration for Aegon executives and 
other senior management is based on both financial and 
non-financial performance metrics. It contains general 
guidelines applicable to all Aegon employees. In addition, the 
framework details, among other things, the compensation 
structure and target setting requirements that apply to 
specific employee groups.
A comprehensive policy attestation process is in place, 
including key requirements Aegon must meet to 
demonstrate compliance. Evidence of compliance with key 
elements is required, and should any gaps be identified, an 
action plan is created. The policy is designed to be compliant 
with the requirements of the Bermuda Monetary Authority 
(BMA), European Directives (Solvency II, CRD IV/V, etc.), 
EU SFDR (Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation), 
US SEC, Exchange Act, Rule 10D-1, GAAP, and IFRS.
Transamerica's employee handbook, Aegon UK's local 
policies, the holding company's CLA (in the Netherlands) 
and the Works Councils, provide guidance to foster social 
dialogue.
Approach to training and skills development
Our approach to managing our material IROs related to 
training and development is supported by two global 
procedures: Talent Principles and Talent Review 
Framework and Performance and Development Cycle. 
Both procedures contribute to our goal of a skilled, 
productive, and engaged workforce.
The Talent Principles and Talent Review Framework sets 
out Aegon’s approach to talent management to support 
our aim to have the right people in the right place to deliver 
our business ambitions (IRO 3). “Succession planning for 
key roles” is one of the key processes we implement to 
strengthen the succession pipeline for our leaders in key 
roles, up to two levels below the Executive Committee.
For each key profile, we define the role's success profile and, 
where relevant, identify and assess internal and external 
successors. We develop an action plan to accelerate the 
development of successors and further expand the pipeline.
The Performance and Development Cycle sets out 
Aegon’s approach to managing the performance of its 
employees, focusing on current performance and future 
development and growth potential (IRO 3). The year-end 
process is an integral part of this cycle and has four steps. 
The cycle starts with our employees setting their own 
“perform & develop” goals, where they are encouraged to 
link them to broader organizational goals. Throughout the 
year, they take responsibility for their development by, for 
example, initiating and leading regular check-ins. At the end 
of the year, the performance is reviewed via both self- 
evaluation and manager evaluation. As the last step, during 
the year-end conversation, our employees can reflect and 
move forward in terms of the “perform & develop” goals, 
career direction, and development.
In addition to the global policies, Aegon AM has a 
specific policy on employee training and development. 
The conditions for training and development at the holding 
company are covered in the CLA, and for Transamerica and 
Aegon UK, they are covered in the employee handbook and 
local policies.
Approach to equal treatment and opportunities
At Aegon, our promise to help people live their best lives 
extends to the many, not the few, and we aim to foster equal 
treatment and opportunity for our employees, as well as job 
seekers. Our approach to managing our material IROs 
related to equal treatment and opportunities is supported 
by two statements and a policy.
Our Statement on Inclusion and Diversity sets out 
Aegon’s approach to inclusion and diversity (I&D) (IROs 4 
and 5). We aim to create an environment where employees 
can bring their authentic selves to work. The statement 
reflects Aegon's aim to implement inclusive policies and 
actions across the workplace, marketplace, and the 
communities where it operates.
The Board of Directors' Diversity and Inclusion Policy 
addresses Aegon’s goals for diversity in terms of nationality, 
age, gender, educational, professional, and geographical 
background, and experience, to achieve a balanced and 
diverse composition of the Board of Directors and the 
Executive Committee (IROs 4 and 5). More information on 
the composition of the Executive Committee and Board of 
Directors is disclosed in the Corporate governance section.
Our Statement on Human Rights provides a framework 
for Aegon’s ongoing stewardship of human rights, including 
the direct impacts of our daily operations and the indirect 
impacts of our business activities (IROs 4, 5, and 6). It is 
based on the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, 
the core standards of the International Labor Organization 
Human capital
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 331

[page 332]
(ILO), and the principles of the UN Global Compact. The 
statement commits Aegon to upholding international human 
rights standards across all businesses where the company 
has management control and, where possible, to helping 
ensure that partners maintain the same standards. We are 
committed to the principle that all people are entitled to 
fundamental rights and freedoms, regardless of their 
nationality, gender, religion, race, or any other status. Basic 
rights and liberties include civil rights, political rights, social 
and economic rights, cultural rights, the rights of minorities, 
the rights of women, and the rights of vulnerable groups, 
such as children and indigenous peoples.
As Aegon is an international financial services group, its 
direct employees work in an environment with limited 
exposure to negative impacts compared with workers 
in other sectors. Aegon’s biennial human rights risk 
assessment found that the operating environment presents 
little or no significant human rights risk. More information on 
our human rights approach is provided in the Due Diligence 
section.
Approach to harassment in the workplace
Aegon is an equal opportunity employer, selecting people 
based on their ability to do the job, and does not tolerate 
discrimination or any other inappropriate behavior in the 
workplace.
Our approach to managing material IROs related to 
discrimination and harassment is supported by our Code 
of Conduct and includes clauses that aim to prevent 
discrimination and inappropriate behavior in the workplace 
(IRO 6). Inappropriate behavior includes sexual harassment, 
bullying, aggression, misuse of power, manipulation, physical 
violence and intimidation, and discrimination. Moreover, 
the Code of Conduct has a clause on the responsibility to 
support and protect human rights.
The Code of Conduct creates a framework for the Speak Up 
program. All members of our workforce, including non- 
employees and employees of joint ventures, can raise their 
concerns about suspected or observed misconduct 
involving Aegon through the Aegon Speak Up program. 
They can report, for example, any incident of unfair 
treatment or other inappropriate behavior, such as 
discrimination, harassment, or human rights violations. 
The program encourages anyone who suspects misconduct 
to speak up and provides multiple reporting channels to 
speak up confidentially or anonymously. Moreover, it also 
ensures that the reporting person is supported and 
protected from retaliation for speaking up.
More information on Speak Up and the Code of 
Conduct can be found in the Business conduct section.
Policy or 
procedure2
IRO and subtopic 
linkage1
Senior-level 
accountability for 
implementation Scope
Stakeholders 
considered or 
consulted in 
preparation
Internally or externally 
available
Global Remuneration 
Framework (policy)
General working 
conditions: 
Impact: 1
Global Head of 
Compensation & 
Benefits
Global employees 
across all business 
units and holding. In 
addition, specific 
remuneration policies 
for the Executive 
Director, Material Risk 
Takers (MRT) and Key 
Functions Staff.
Aegon Board of 
Directors, Group HR, 
relevant group 
functions
Internally available on 
Aegon's intranet
Talent Principles and 
Talent Review 
Framework 
(procedure)
Training and skills 
development: 
Impact: 3
Global Chief Human 
Resources Officer 
(CHRO) and Global 
Head of Talent, 
Leadership & 
Inclusion
Global key leaders 
across all business 
units and holding
Group CEO, ExCo, and 
HR departments
Internally available on 
Aegon's intranet
Performance and 
Development Cycle 
(procedure)
Training and skills 
development: 
Impact: 3
Global CHRO and 
Global Head of 
Talent, Leadership & 
Inclusion
Global employees 
across all business 
units and holding
Group CEO, ExCo, and 
HR departments
Internally available on 
Aegon's intranet
Statement on 
Inclusion and 
Diversity
Equal treatment and 
opportunities: 
Impact: 4, 5
Global Head of 
Talent, Leadership & 
Inclusion
Global employees 
across all business 
units and holding
Aegon employees, 
investors, 
communities, 
regulators
Publicly available on 
Aegon's website
Diversity and 
Inclusion Policy
Equal treatment and 
opportunities: 
Impact: 4, 5
Global Head of 
Talent, Leadership & 
Inclusion
Board of Directors 
and Executive 
Committee
Aegon Board of 
Directors, regulators
Shared internally
Statement on Human 
Rights
Equal treatment and 
opportunities: 
Impact: 4, 5 
Measures against 
violence and 
harassment in the 
workplace: 
Impact: 6
Nomination and 
Governance 
Committee of the 
Board
Global employees 
across all business 
units and holding
Aegon employees 
from various 
functions, investors, 
communities, 
regulators
Publicly available on 
Aegon's website
1 The numbering provided in this table refers to the IROs listed under the heading “Impacts, risks, and opportunities” of this section.
2 There are no specific policies covering IRO 2 (social dialogue), but the actions on social dialogue are described in the "Actions (and resources)" section below.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
332 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 333]
Actions (and resources)
To manage the material IROs related to human capital, 
we have implemented key actions throughout the year. 
Some of these actions are ongoing, and some are new. 
All material impacts related to human capital are positive. 
The actions listed in this section contribute to achieving 
these positive impacts among our employees globally. 
These actions are developed and implemented using 
resources allocated from and by our global human 
resources team. For some of the actions, such as the 
Global Employee Survey (GES) and We Learn, services 
and platforms of third parties are used.
General working conditions
We carry out regular surveys, such as the GES, to assess 
our employees' views and concerns on a number of issues 
related to their working conditions. More details on the GES 
is provided in the section below.
Social dialogue
We maintain a wide range of platforms and channels to 
listen to our employees and support healthy engagement 
and communication. To manage our material impact related 
to social dialogue, we have a number of mechanisms (in the 
form of a channel or platform), including the GES, dialogue 
via unions and works councils, and a set of channels through 
which employees can raise concerns. We also have our 
Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) provide a forum to 
address topics of interest to our employees (more 
information on the ERGs is available in the section on equal 
treatment and opportunities). All of these are existing 
mechanisms that are ongoing and described in more detail 
below. In addition, we organize regular town halls at the 
company and business unit levels to address employee 
concerns. We analyze employee feedback, define 
appropriate actions and implement them.
In 2025, discussions took place with local unions and 
the Corporate Center and GTS Works Council, in the 
Netherlands, regarding the upcoming relocation of the 
head office to the United States. More information is 
available in the Unions and Works Council section on this 
page.
Global Employee Survey
Our most important and broadest channel for listening to 
our employees is the GES. It provides our employees across 
all our businesses, including those of the joint ventures 
Aegon THTF Life Insurance Co., Ltd. China (Aegon THTF) and 
Mongeral Aegon Group Brazil (MAG Seguros), with an 
opportunity to share their views and concerns with us and to 
have their say in the company's future direction. The GES 
helps us understand the key issues and concerns our 
employees face (IROs 1-6). The findings lead to action plans 
to address these key issues and concerns. It also helps us 
understand the impact of past actions and identify which 
efforts have worked well.
We monitor the effectiveness of the actions through 
analysis of the results for each business unit. We report to 
and discuss the results with the Engagement Working 
Committee, Executive Committee, and the Board of 
Directors.
In October 2025, we conducted our annual GES. In addition 
to the ongoing opportunity to hear from and learn from our 
employees, we have improved our data tracking processes, 
including new dashboards for specific metrics.
One of the survey's main outputs is the “employee 
engagement score”, which serves as a KPI and a target. 
For more details see the Key performance indicator(s) 
and target(s) and Metrics sections below.
Unions and Works Council
In 2025, we continued to ensure that our employees are 
adequately represented in our governance structure and 
that their needs, expectations, and concerns are considered 
in our strategy and day-to-day decision-making (IRO 2). 
Collective labor agreements (CLAs) are an important 
mechanism to ensure this. In the United Kingdom, Aegon 
colleagues can seek representation through the Unite and 
Aegis unions. All Aegon employees in the Netherlands, other 
than senior management, are covered by a CLA. The terms 
of a new CLA, starting on January 1, 2026, were agreed. 
In 2025, a Social Plan was also agreed with the unions 
including the terms and conditions for employees who will 
leave the organization following the upcoming relocation of 
the head office to the United States.
The CLA covers various aspects of employment, including 
income, training and development, working time and place, 
wellbeing, sickness and invalidity, and leave. There is a step- 
by-step procedure to handle disputes related to the 
implementation of the agreements and/or schemes included 
in the CLA. For example, in the Netherlands, disputes are 
expected to be resolved through dialogue with direct 
managers or directors and, if necessary, with Human 
Resources representatives. If no agreement is reached, 
the matter is referred to the CLA Disputes Committee, 
whose decision is binding. Once every quarter, the parties 
hold consultations to monitor the practical implementation 
of the arrangements in the CLA. The objective of these 
consultations is to discuss progress and assess the 
effectiveness of the CLA arrangements.
In addition to the unions, in the Netherlands there are two 
active Works Councils representing the employees of the 
Corporate Center (Holding and Enterprise Technology) and 
the employees of Aegon AM. Establishing a works council is 
a legal requirement for Dutch companies having more than 
50 employees.
Human capital
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 333

[page 334]
The Works Council represents the interests of the 
employees in a company, and the representatives are 
elected by the employees. It is consulted on company policy 
and personnel interests. In doing so, it is entitled to all 
information required to perform its task. It also has 
the right to advise on important financial, economic, and 
organizational decisions and the right to approve decisions 
concerning personnel regulations. The Works Council has 
regular meetings with management, including the 
CEO. The topics that were on the agenda in 2025 included 
the mobility policy, organizational developments (including 
the proposed move of the Aegon head office to the United 
States), and employee sentiment. A European Works Council 
also covers Aegon employees in the European Union and 
compromises members from local works councils in 
the Netherlands, Spain, and Hungary.
Channels to raise concerns (including processes 
to remedy impacts)
There are numerous channels available for our employees 
to raise their concerns (IRO 2 and 6). We make our 
employees aware of these channels through the company’s 
intranet and by referencing our Speak Up program in our 
training programs.
All the members of our workforce, including non-employees 
and employees of the joint ventures, can raise their 
concerns about suspected or observed misconduct 
involving Aegon employees through the Aegon Speak Up 
program. The program encourages anyone who suspects 
misconduct to speak up and provides multiple reporting 
channels to speak up confidentially or anonymously. 
Moreover, it also ensures that the reporting person is 
supported and protected from retaliation for speaking up. 
More information is available in the Speak Up section of 
the Business Conduct topic.
Additional channels are available in the business units 
for employees to raise any type of concern; for example, 
our workforce in the Netherlands can contact one of 
our Confidential Advisors. In cases that require bypassing 
Speak Up channels or in the event of an escalation, the 
concern can be submitted directly to the Chairman of 
the Audit Committee through a dedicated letter.
In addition to these formalized channels, employees can 
also reach out to the representatives of various functions 
including risk, audit, and compliance, as well as their own 
managers and directors, or a human resources 
representative depending on the nature of the concern.
Concerns related to personal work-related interests, such 
as employment conditions, performance review, disciplinary 
sanctions, or disputes with colleagues, are matters for the 
local workplace and are expected to be resolved locally with 
direct managers or human resources representatives in 
accordance with the appropriate local policy.
If a resolution is not possible, the local complaints 
procedure (or another appropriate policy) should be used 
for this purpose.
Depending on the channel used by our own workforce, 
concerns raised are either addressed directly at the local 
level or are monitored and addressed through the Speak Up 
program.
Confidential advisors
Our business units also have local channels for employees 
to raise their concerns. One example is in the Netherlands, 
where employees can discuss their concerns in strict 
confidence with an independent confidential advisor. 
Employees from a variety of functions and levels in the 
organization take on this role (in addition to their existing job) 
after being properly trained.
The conversations between the confidential advisor and the 
employees are completely confidential, not resulting in any 
documentation or report or informing of management, to 
make sure that the person remains anonymous. If an 
employee prefers to raise a matter through the formal 
Speak Up channel, the confidential advisor can support 
them in raising the concern or report it on their behalf. 
These concerns could be about inappropriate workplace 
behavior, a work-related conflict, or suspected misconduct 
in the workplace. The confidential advisor serves as an 
intermediary between the person and Aegon throughout 
the process. The availability of the channel, including details 
about the process, is shared with employees internally via 
the company’s intranet.
Chairman of the Audit Committee
Employees have the right to bypass line management and 
the Speak Up channel and take their concerns directly to 
the chairman of the Audit Committee, if the use of other 
reporting channels is not appropriate, given the nature of 
the concern. This could be the case if there is a conflict of 
interest, the intended recipient of the report is personally 
implicated in the suspected misconduct, or has failed to take 
appropriate action. Under such circumstances, the chairman 
of the Audit Committee will assume responsibility for the 
coordination of a subsequent investigation and follow-up, 
if appropriate.
Training and skills development
Aegon’s approach to training and development aims 
to offer all our employees opportunities to learn and 
advance. To manage our IROs related to training and skills 
development, we have three key initiatives that were further 
developed or expanded in 2025, including Global Talent 
Marketplace, We Learn, and Inspirational Leadership.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
334 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 335]
Global Talent Marketplace
Aegon’s Global Talent Marketplace (TMP) is an AI-powered 
platform that drives internal mobility across our businesses 
and geographies. The tool aims to support employees to 
network and explore career opportunities across Aegon, as 
well as explore and apply for internal roles and temporary 
projects or "gigs" (IRO 3). The marketplace concept also 
builds on Aegon’s existing mentoring programs by matching 
mentees with suitable mentors, even when those mentors 
are on the other side of the world. The TMP aims to make it 
easier to identify and capitalize on hidden talent, and invest 
in talent attraction and retention while increasing employee 
engagement through broadening the opportunities available 
to current and future Aegon professionals. In 2025, our 
teams further embedded the tool in the business and used 
insights from the TMP to identify how to further develop 
people and their skills.
The TMP is available to all direct employees and supports 
our Perform & Development approach. It enables our 
employees to take ownership of their careers and mobility 
based on skills and competencies. It also facilitates a variety 
of ways of working, which is essential for keeping employees 
intrinsically motivated in a hybrid environment. The TMP 
also enables us to respond quickly to constant change by 
making it easier to redeploy internal talent. It supports a 
culture where social capital thrives and aligns with the multi- 
stage life concept.
We track the effectiveness of the TMP by monitoring usage 
rates and gig volume and comparing them against industry 
benchmarks. We also collect and analyze staff testimonials. 
In addition, the employee engagement score is an indicator 
of TMP's effectiveness.
We Learn
In 2025, our global learning resource platform, We Learn, 
was further embedded in the business to drive tailored 
learning programs aligned with skills development and 
specific development needs. The platform offers a wide 
range of learning resources delivered via different modes, 
including e-learning courses, live virtual training, and 
audiobooks, allowing participants to choose their preferred 
learning method.
We unlock talent through the implementation of We Learn 
(IRO 3). Through We Learn, we have democratized and 
increased access to quality education for our colleagues 
around the world. It is an interactive learning environment 
where employees can upgrade their skill sets.
We track the effectiveness of We Learn by monitoring usage 
rates against industry benchmarks and by observing career 
scores in the GES.
Inspirational Leadership
In 2025, we accelerated the development of our top leaders 
through a suite of targeted, high-impact programs designed 
to build future-ready capabilities and drive organizational 
growth (IRO 3). Our flagship initiative, a strategic leadership 
journey co-designed with the Wharton Business School, 
Accelerating Growth, aims to bring together our 90 key 
leaders for an immersive experience that blends AI-driven 
leadership, a growth mindset, and cross-cohort 
collaboration. By the end of the year, half of our key 90 
leaders had participated in this program.
Complementing this, the ADVANCE program offered a highly 
focused, individualized development journey for leaders 
identified as pivotal to Aegon’s future. Through holistic 
assessments and tailored development plans, ADVANCE 
accelerated readiness for critical roles, ensuring our 
leadership pipeline is robust and agile.
These programs, along with several additional initiatives, 
reflect our ambition to building a resilient, innovative, and 
future-focused leadership team – one equipped to navigate 
complexity and drive Aegon’s continued success.
Equal treatment and opportunities
Creating a company-wide equal opportunities approach
Our Global Head of Talent, Leadership & Inclusion leads all 
equal opportunity matters at Aegon. Two fundamental 
elements of Aegon’s approach are:
 
Authentic action: the recognition that, as an organization, 
we are on a journey to improve. We aim to turn good 
intentions into actions to create a positive difference for 
our people and communities.
 Starting at the top: Aegon’s senior leadership is expected 
to act as role models, including by sharing their own 
inclusion stories.
Our approach supports the delivery of our vision of creating 
a fair and inclusive culture where everyone belongs (IRO 4). 
In 2025, we continued to implement various ongoing 
initiatives, including expanding the ERGs, conducting the 
GES, and participating in an annual Workplace Pride 
benchmarking assessment.
Our Global Head of Talent, Leadership & Inclusion position 
provides a coherent and consistent approach across the 
business, supported by dedicated talent and inclusion 
community specialists in all business units.
The effectiveness of our actions to promote equal 
opportunities is monitored through reporting to the GSB, 
Executive Committee, and the Compensation and Human 
Resource Committee.
Human capital
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 335

[page 336]
In 2025, we undertook actions to foster a more connected 
and collaborative approach to I&D across regions. A globally 
active I&D working group (I&D practitioners) was 
instrumental in driving alignment and sharing best practices, 
ensuring that inclusion was not just a value but a lived 
experience across the organization. Throughout the year, we 
celebrated many key awareness days, such as International 
Women’s Day, Neurodiversity Day, Pride Month, World 
Mental Health Day, and Movember by spotlighting inclusive 
practices and launching learning content that empowered 
employees to reflect, engage, and act. These moments were 
amplified through both global and local intranet articles, 
which served as storytelling platforms to highlight diverse 
voices and inclusive initiatives. Senior leaders played a 
visible and committed role in sponsoring I&D efforts, 
participating in events, and reinforcing the strategic 
importance of inclusion at the highest levels of leadership.
Employee Resource Groups
Aegon has a network of ERGs, which are open to all Aegon 
employees worldwide. They provide Aegon employees with a 
space to address topics of interest and promote employee 
engagement on issues of company culture and direction 
(IRO 4). They are employee-driven and company-sponsored. 
The ERGs focus on what matters the most to employees 
and enable colleagues with specific backgrounds or 
interests to help Aegon create an environment where all can 
thrive. The range of ERGs is broad. Examples of current 
ERGs in place at Aegon include Culture, Race and Ethnicity, 
(Dis)ability, Generations, Proud, Wellbeing, and the Women’s 
Impact Network.
In 2025, our ERGs continued to be a driving force for 
inclusion and engagement across the company. This year 
saw the formation of new ERGs, bringing the total number 
to 36, further broadening the spectrum of communities 
represented within our organization. The vision and strategy 
of our ERGs were enhanced through increased collaboration 
across ERGs and business units, fostering a more unified 
approach to addressing the needs and interests of diverse 
groups.
Monthly meetings (for ERGs based in our Corporate Center) 
became a platform for improved communication and 
coordination, enabling ERG leaders to share best practices 
and align on common goals. One of the highlights of the year 
was the launch of the VERBATE program in partnership with 
ProudNL, which provided professional development 
opportunities for ProudNL ERG board members. Continued 
support from both group and holding levels, ensured that 
these groups had the resources needed to thrive and make 
a tangible difference in our workplace culture.
Workplace Pride benchmark
We adhere to leading standards and benchmarks in our 
markets, including as a member of Workplace Pride (WPP), 
an international platform for LGBTQIA+ inclusion in the 
workplace (IRO 4). This independent, annual assessment 
evaluates our policies and practices against international 
best practices and provides valuable feedback to support 
ongoing improvement. This year, we proudly maintained our 
“Ambassador” status, with a benchmark score consistently 
above 70%. Building on last year's results, we continued to 
address defined gaps, focusing on inclusive training and 
policy enhancements. Collaboration among business units, 
ProudNL, and colleagues working on I&D initiatives was 
further strengthened, enabling us to share resources and 
best practices more effectively.
Board composition
In 2025, we monitored the composition of the Executive 
Committee and Board of Directors.
The composition of the Executive Committee at year-end 
2025 was eight men and three women, equal to 27% female 
representation (compared with 20% in 2021). There are five 
nationalities represented (American, British, Dutch, German, 
and Italian) and four different age groups (45-49: 2, 50-54: 2, 
55-59: 4, and 60-64: 3).
Aegon Ltd.’s Board of Directors consists of seven men and 
four women, equal to 36.3% female representation, and it 
represents four nationalities (American, Dutch, Swiss, and 
British) and three different age groups (60-64: 4 and 65-69: 
6, and 70+: 1). Further, the Board members have varied 
academic and professional backgrounds.
Gender representation and pay gap
At Aegon, we aim to build a culture where all our employees 
feel valued and belong. This encompasses all aspects of the 
employee experience, including measuring and monitoring 
the gender pay gap (IRO 5).  In 2025, we maintained our 
focus on achieving and sustaining gender balance within 
senior management and throughout our succession 
planning processes. Our efforts included ongoing tracking of 
gender representation in leadership roles. Updated gender 
balance figures were prepared for internal reporting. 
These actions are embedded in our broader sustainability 
approach and are regularly monitored by the Group 
Sustainability Board.
Aegon continues to disclose its global gender pay gap, 
which compares the average total compensation of men 
to the average compensation of women. In addition, we 
disclose the adjusted pay gap, which accounts for other 
factors that influence pay, such as job level, function, 
country, age (as an indication of experience), and 
performance rating.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
336 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 337]
Measures against violence and harassment 
in the workplace
As mentioned in the Approach to harassment in the 
workplace section and laid down in our Code of Conduct, 
Aegon is an equal opportunity employer and does not 
tolerate discrimination or any other inappropriate behavior 
in the workplace, including violence or harassment.
Enhancing our Speak Up culture
Through the Speak Up program, all members of our 
workforce can report any incident related to unfair 
treatment or other inappropriate behavior, such as 
discrimination and harassment and human rights violations. 
Through this initiative, we aim to raise awareness 
of behavioral issues and potential harassment to keep 
all employees safe and maintain a comfortable work 
environment (IRO 6).
The Aegon Compliance function monitors completion rates 
of the mandatory e-learning modules, including the Speak Up 
module. More information about Speak Up can be found in 
the Business Conduct section.
The effectiveness of our actions against workplace violence 
and harassment is monitored through several 
measures. These include the wellbeing metrics from the 
GES, the results of inquiries undertaken by confidential 
advisors or the Speak Up program, frequent policy reviews 
to ensure the visibility and effectiveness of reporting 
channels, and reviews to ensure fair and timely resolution 
of issues. The Global Compliance team monitors 
these measures.
Key performance indicator(s) and target(s)
We measure the effectiveness of how we manage our IROs 
related to human capital through the KPI of the “employee 
engagement score” of the GES. All our employees, as well as 
employees of the joint ventures Aegon THTF and MAG 
Seguros, participate in the GES on a voluntary basis. The 
survey is provided through the third-party service provider 
Culture Amp®.
Every year, the Board of Directors reviews the target and 
progress toward it and sets a new target for the coming 
year. This target is shared with the respective business 
leaders.
We aim to increase the engagement score compared with 
the previous year and therefore set annual rather than long- 
term targets. We monitor the effectiveness of our actions 
in increasing the employee engagement score through in- 
depth analysis of survey results for each business unit.
Employee engagement is measured on a five-point scale 
(strongly disagree to strongly agree), and it is the average 
score of four statements:
 
At this company, I feel motivated to perform at my best;
 I am proud to work for this company;
 I see myself still working at this company in two years’ 
time1; and
 
I would recommend this company as a great place to work.
We report on and discuss the survey results with the 
Engagement Working Committee, the Executive Committee, 
and the Board of Directors. Following each survey, we create 
global and local engagement action plans.
The employee engagement target is included in the Group 
performance indicators, and these indicators' results are 
used for the funding of the bonus pool for employees (where 
applicable). The target was also included in the performance 
metrics of the short-term incentive of the Executive Director 
(CEO) in 2025.
Aegon has no defined target for the material impacts related 
to the sub-topics of equal treatment and opportunities and 
measures against violence and harassment in the 
workplace. However, we monitor progress on these topics, 
primarily via our GES responses and through the Speak Up 
initiative.
KPI(s) Target for 2025 Performance in 2025 Target for 2026
Result of the most recent employee engagement score (%) 76%* 76% 76%
* The target was revised from 80% to 76% during the year to reflect organizational developments.
Corporate center employees were not given this statement, due to the announcement of the head office relocation to the United States.1
Human capital
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 337

[page 338]
Metrics
The following list of metrics, including the KPI presented 
above, provides insights into the progress made in managing 
our IROs.
The metrics are grouped logically by material sub-topic and 
theme. The metrics are either mandatory ESRS disclosures 
or Aegon-specific.
unit 2025 2024 %
Methodology
This section includes information on the methodologies 
used for the metrics presented in the metrics tables.
General working conditions
The number of direct employees presented above is based 
on the last day of the reporting period. It includes only 
employees of Aegon Ltd. and its subsidiaries and is sourced 
from the Workday HR system.
Permanent employees have a contract for an indeterminate 
period (that is, indefinite contract) for full-time or part-time 
work. Temporary employees have a contract for a limited 
period (that is, fixed term contract) that ends when the 
specified period expires. Non-guaranteed hours employees 
are employees without a guarantee of a minimum or fixed 
number of working hours, for example employees with zero- 
hour contracts.
General working conditions
Number of direct employees1 nr 11,806 11,952 (1%)
Permanent employees nr 11,672 11,781 (1%)
Americas nr 6,207 6,384 (3%)
United Kingdom nr 2,564 2,600 (1%)
International nr 790 737 7%
Asset management nr 1,036 1,089 (5%)
Holdings and other activities nr 1,075 971 11%
Temporary employees nr 134 171 (22%)
Americas nr - 2 (100%)
United Kingdom nr 64 77 (17%)
International nr 16 20 (20%)
Asset management nr 44 42 5%
Holdings and other activities nr 10 30 (67%)
Non-guaranteed hours employees nr - - 0%
Americas nr - - 0%
United Kingdom nr - - 0%
International nr - - 0%
Asset management nr - - 0%
Holdings and other activities nr - - 0%
Non-employee workers in own workforce nr 2,705 2,787 (3%)
Number of new hires nr 1,162 1,929 (40%)
Number of leavers nr 1,287 1,491 (14%)
Proportion of leavers - voluntary % 70% 66% 4pp
Proportion of leavers - involuntary % 30% 34% (4pp)
Turnover rate % 11% 12% (2pp)
Turnover rate - voluntary % 8% 8% (1pp)
Turnover rate - involuntary % 3% 4% (1pp)
Proportion of employees covered by social protection % 98.0% 98.0% (0pp)
Total employment costs2 EURb 1.9 1.8 1.9%
Salary costs2 EURb 1.2 1.2 (1.3%)
Number of employees that earn below the applicable adequate wage 
benchmark nr - - 0%
Percentage of employees paid below the applicable adequate wage 
benchmark % - - 0pp
Total employee absence days 27,395 25,826 6.0%
Employee absence rate % 2% 2% 0pp
Percentage of employees entitled to take family-related leaves % 100% 100% 0pp
Percentage of entitled employees that took family-related leaves % 8% 9% (1pp)
Male % 8% 8% (0pp)
Female % 9% 11% (1pp)
Other % 33% 0% 33pp
Not reported % 5% 5% 1pp
n.a. – not applicable; n.m. – not measured; pp - percentage points
1 Direct employees are included in the number of employees presented in note 5 of the financial statements under "Number of employees". The number of 
employees in note 5 of the financial statements includes not only direct employees but also tied agents and Aegon's share of employees in joint ventures and 
associates. As a result, the number of direct employees cannot be reconciled directly with the financial statements.
2 Total employment costs reconcile to Total employee expenses in the financial statements under note 13 Other operating expenses. Salary costs reconcile to 
the line item Salaries in the Employee expenses table under note 13 Other operating expenses.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
338 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 339]
Non-employee workers in our own workforce include 
individuals with a contract with Aegon to supply labour 
(“self-employed worker”) and workers provided by third-party 
companies primarily engaged in “employment activities.” 
Workers hired through third-party companies typically 
perform the same work as employees, such as filling in for 
employees who are temporarily absent (for example, due to 
illness, holiday, or parental leave).
New hires are direct employees whose contracts start 
during the reporting period. Leavers are direct employees 
whose contract termination date falls within the reporting 
period.
Turnover rate is the total number of leavers during the 
reporting period divided by the average of the internal 
headcount at the end of each month over the 12-month 
period. Reasons for voluntary leave include resignation 
(to pursue an opportunity outside of Aegon), retirement 
(at the legal retirement age), and other voluntary reasons. 
Involuntary leavers are direct employees whose contract 
termination date falls within the reporting period and whose 
departure is involuntary. The data does not include transfers 
resulting from divestments in which employees continue 
paid employment outside Aegon. Therefore, the difference 
between new hires and leavers may not align with the 
decrease in direct employees.
The proportion of employees covered by social protection 
includes direct employees covered against loss of income 
due to sickness, unemployment, employment injury and 
acquired disability, maternity leave, and retirement either 
through government policies or company plans. There is 
no full social protection in Hong Kong and Singapore. 
The regulation requires maternity and sick leave pay, but 
there is no coverage for loss of income or disability, unless 
offered by the employer’s group insurance plan.
The number of employees who earn below the applicable 
adequate wage benchmark is calculated based on 
employees' (internal headcount) base salary in Workday plus 
variable pay. For the Netherlands and Spain, we assume the 
legal minimum wage covers the benchmark for an adequate 
wage. Results per 2025 are based on previous year's 
assessment. The assessment of adequate wage is done 
every 2 years because results show that Aegon's salaries 
are well above the applicable adequate wage benchmarks. 
We will re-assess this approach when organizational 
changes occur, for example, due to mergers or acquisitions. 
Employee absence refers to time off from work as a result of 
illness or injury. It excludes approved leave of absence such 
as holiday, study/training, maternity or paternity leave, 
parental leave, and caregiver leave.
The absence rate is calculated as follows: (number of 
days lost due to employee absence)/(total days worked). 
The number of days worked is the sum of official working 
days minus national holiday days in the country of operation. 
The absence rate excludes Transamerica employees, as this 
type of absence is not registered in the United States, but is 
combined with annual leave.
Family-related leave includes maternity leave, paternity 
leave, parental leave, and caregiver leave. The breakdown 
by gender shows the proportion of each category (male, 
female, other, and not reported) that took family-related 
leave, calculated as the number of employees who took 
family-related leave divided by number of employees 
entitled to take it.
Human capital
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 339

[page 340]
Methodology
Social dialogue
The GES is provided by the third-party service provider 
Culture Amp®. All Aegon employees, as well as employees of 
the joint ventures Aegon THTF and  MAG Seguros, 
participate in the survey on a voluntary basis. The results 
and participation rate disclosed reflect the most recent 
survey. Employee engagement is measured on a five-point 
scale (strongly disagree to strongly agree), and is the 
average of four statements, as explained in the main text 
above. The GES results of 2025 excluding the joint ventures 
are slightly lower for Engagement (2025: 74%; 2024: 78%), 
Leadership (2025: 58%; 2024: 64%), Diversity (2025: 81%; 
2024: 81%), and Well-being (2025: 71%; 2024: 74%), but are 
the same for Inclusion (2025: 79%; 2024: 79%) and 
Participation (2025: 82%; 2024: 81%).
The proportion of employees covered by collective 
bargaining or labor agreements also includes employees 
in higher salary scales. These employees are not covered 
by collective bargaining or labor agreements, but because 
the salary scales are also determined or influenced by these 
agreements, they are included in the coverage.
The figures for the Americas and Asia regions for the 
proportion of employees covered by collective bargaining/ 
labor agreements are zero because these jurisdictions 
typically do not mandate collective agreements at the 
regional or industry-wide level. In these regions, labor 
relations are primarily governed by individual employment 
contracts and statutory labor laws rather than centralized 
bargaining structures. Our employees in Germany are also 
not covered by a collective labor agreement.
The split by country/region shows the proportion of direct 
employees in that country/region covered by collective 
bargaining/labor agreements. The proportion of employees 
covered by workers’ representatives includes direct 
employees covered by the Works Council. This data point is 
applicable to our EEA entities. It does not reflect employees 
who are members of a trade union. Our employees in 
Germany are not covered by workers' representatives due 
to their small size (fewer than 50 employees).
unit 2025 2024 %
Social dialogue
Global Employee Survey (GES)
GES - Engagement % 76% 79% (3pp)
GES - Leadership % 62% 66% (4pp)
GES - Diversity % 82% 82% 0pp
GES - Inclusion % 79% 80% (1pp)
GES - Well-being % 72% 73% (1pp)
GES - Participation rate % 82% 81% 1pp
Proportion of employees covered by collective bargaining/labor 
agreements, by country (EEA countries) % 99.5% 99.5% 0pp
Netherlands % 100.0% 100.0% 0pp
Spain % 100.0% 100.0% 0pp
Hungary % 100.0% 100.0% 0pp
Germany % - - 0pp
Proportion of employees covered by collective bargaining/labor 
agreements, by region (non-EEA) % 29.4% 29.2% 4pp
Americas % - - 0pp
UK % 100.0% 100.0% 0pp
Asia % - - 0pp
Proportion of employees covered by workers’ representatives (EEA 
countries) % 99.5% 99.5% 0pp
Netherlands % 100.0% 100.0% 0pp
Spain % 100.0% 100.0% 0pp
Hungary % 100.0% 100.0% 0pp
Germany % - - 0pp
Training and skills development
Proportion of employees participating in performance and development 
reviews % 99% 98% 1pp
Male % 99% 98% 1pp
Female % 99% 98% 1pp
Other % 100% 97% 3pp
Not reported
% 99% 98% 2pp
Investment in training and career development EURm 6.3 5.9 8%
Average investment in training and career development EUR 537.5 491.6 9%
Average training hours nr 11.6 n.m. n.m.
n.a. – not applicable; n.m. – not measured; pp - percentage points
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
340 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 341]
Training and skills development
The proportion of employees participating in performance 
and development reviews reflects the performance and 
career development reviews completed in the previous year, 
which fall within the current reporting period. The breakdown 
by gender shows the share of each category (male, female, 
other, and not reported) that participated in performance 
and development reviews. Average investment in training 
and career development is calculated as the total 
investment divided by the total number of direct employees 
per December 31. 
Aegon calculates average training hours using the data 
registered in the Absorb and WeLearn training platforms. 
This metric is calculated by dividing the total number of 
mandatory and voluntary training hours completed, by the 
total number of direct employees. While this is an accurate 
method for collecting the data, it does not capture other 
training by employees and leaders through other channels 
such as internal programs and external training partners.
Supplementary explanation
Work-related complaints and incidents of discrimination
We have seen an increase in 2025 of employee complaints 
and discrimination incidents. Ongoing promotion of Speak 
Up seeks to ensure all employees feel safe to report 
conduct related matters or incidents of harassment or 
discrimination. This could be contributing to the overall 
increase in these reports. 
Methodology
Equal treatment and opportunities
The number of direct employees presented above is based 
on the last day of the reporting period. This includes 
employees of Aegon Ltd. and its subsidiaries only and is 
collected from the HR system Workday. The employee 
gender classification "Other" represents direct 
employees who are non-binary. In the previous year, the 
"Other" category also included direct employees who did not 
wish to provide gender information.
unit 2025 2024 %
Equal treatment and opportunities
Number of direct employees nr 11,806 11,952 (1%)
Permanent employees nr 11,672 11,781 (1%)
Male nr 5,558 5,605 (1%)
Female nr 5,929 5,996 (1%)
Other nr 3 4 (25%)
Not reported nr 182 176 3%
Temporary employees nr 134 171 (22%)
Male nr 77 91 (15%)
Female nr 57 80 (29%)
Other nr - - 0%
Not reported nr - - 0%
Non-guaranteed hours employees nr - - 0%
Male nr - - 0%
Female nr - - 0%
Other nr - - 0%
Not reported nr - - 0%
Female employees nr 5,986 6,076 (1%)
Proportion of female employees % 51% 51% (0pp)
Age groups
Proportion of employees - Under 30 years old % 11% 11% (1pp)
Proportion of employees - 30-50 years old % 56% 57% (0pp)
Proportion of employees - Over 50 years old % 33% 32% 1pp
Number of women in senior management nr 161 167 (4%)
Proportion of women in senior management % 39% 39% 0pp
Ratio of CEO compensation to median compensation ratio 40:1 36:1
11.1%
Proportion of compliance with the Global Remuneration Framework % 100% 100% 0pp
Gender pay gap % 32.1% 30.4% 1.7pp
Gender pay gap (adjusted) % 11.6% 11.2% 0.4pp
Measures against violence and harassment in the workplace
Work-related complaints (reported) nr 87 63 38%
Work-related incidents of discrimination nr 13 2 550%
Total amount of material fines, penalties, and compensations EURm - - 0%
n.a. – not applicable; n.m. – not measured; pp - percentage points
Human capital
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 341

[page 342]
These employees are now included under the gender 
category "Not reported," which is also used when gender 
is unknown due to missing data.
To make a comparison with the previous year possible, we 
have revised the 2024 figures regarding the gender split of 
direct employees. We did not revise the gender split of the 
metrics "Percentage of entitled employees that took family- 
related leaves" and "Proportion of employees participating 
in performance and development reviews," presented in the 
previous tables, because it was impracticable to recalculate 
these figures.
The number of women in senior management is calculated 
based on the definition of senior management, which 
includes individuals up to two levels below the CEO (three 
levels for Corporate Center), provided they have direct 
reports. If the person has no direct reports, but the job title 
indicates the required seniority, the individual is also 
considered part of senior management. People working in 
the “administration” group are excluded from the list, unless 
their job title indicates the required seniority. The categories 
Other and Not reported are not counted in the numerator 
(women) of this metric.
The ratio of CEO compensation to median compensation is 
calculated based on the base salary as of May 1, 2025, and 
the variable compensation awards that were approved and 
allocated in 2025. The Long-Term Incentive (LTI) would have 
been included at actual vesting value, but there was no 
allocation yet in 2025. For 2025, the CEO was not the 
highest paid individual in accordance with the definition of 
compensation used for this metric, because the new LTI plan 
for the CEO is being phased in. Aegon continues to report on 
CEO compensation to median compensation to maintain the 
year-on-year comparability of this metric. The median 
compensation is based only on direct employees, excluding 
employees in joint-ventures or associates.
The LTI in the financial statements is based on fair value and 
the costs are allocated to each year of the 3-year 
performance period. The main reason to use total vested 
value based on actual payment in the Sustainability 
statement is to be consistent with previous years, as we 
applied a similar approach for the Short-Term Incentive plan 
and for the calculation of the gender pay gap. As a result of 
this difference, total compensation used for the purpose of 
this metric cannot be compared with the total employee 
expenses presented in note 13 of the financial statements. 
The CEO compensation to median compensation, including 
the LTI fair value for the period, is 71:1 (2024 was 61:1). We 
have added this to align with ESRS, and the use of LTI fair 
value for the period is consistent with the compensation 
disclosed in the remuneration report. For more details of 
Aegon's remuneration, refer to the "Remuneration Report" in 
this Annual Report.
The proportion of compliance with the Global Remuneration 
Framework reflects business units’ compliance with specific 
requirements of this framework. Where there is not full 
compliance, this does not necessarily indicate a breach of 
the overall policy, for example in minor breaches or where 
units are granted some implementation time. All breaches 
do require a remediation action plan. The compliance 
assessment is performed by the first line in accordance 
with a management-approved policy attestation cycle and 
validated by the Risk function.
The gender pay gap is calculated as the difference between 
the average gross hourly earnings of male and female 
employees expressed as a percentage of the average gross 
hourly earnings of male employees. The gross earnings 
are calculated based on the total compensation divided by 
the contractual hours worked. The total compensation 
includes base salary plus variable compensation. The 
measurement date and the calculation method of the cash 
bonus and LTI are the same as for the CEO compensation to 
median calculation. The categories "Other" and "Not 
reported" are not taken into account in the calculation of the 
pay gap.
The adjusted gender pay gap is calculated as the difference 
between the adjusted average gross hourly earnings of male 
and of female employees expressed as a percentage of the 
average gross hourly earnings of male employees. Adjusted 
pay accounts for other factors influencing pay, such as job 
function, job level, country, tenure, age (as an indicator of 
experience), and performance rating. The Blinder-Oaxaca 
decomposition method is used to calculate the impact of 
the different factors that drive the gender pay gap.
Work-related complaints refer to all instances reported by 
the Aegon workforce through Aegon’s Speak Up and SHARE 
channels during the reporting period, in line with the scope 
of Aegon's Speak Up Policy. This may include cases of 
unlawful, unethical, or otherwise improper conduct that 
involves Aegon.
Work-related incidents of discrimination relate to instances 
of discrimination, including harassment, reported by Aegon 
workforce through Aegon’s Speak Up channels. These 
incidents are excluded from the work-related complaints 
reported above to avoid double counting.
The total amount of material fines, penalties, and 
compensations cover work-related incidents, including 
discrimination. For reporting purposes we use a 
EUR 100,000 aggregate threshold.
Measures against violence and harassment in 
the workplace
Work-related complaints relate to complaints and incidents 
reported through our online Speak Up platform. In scope 
are employees of Aegon Ltd. and its subsidiaries. We have 
identified no severe human rights incidents related to our 
workforce.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
342 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 343]
Headcount of employees by geographical areas
Direct employees by 
contract type and 
region
2025 2024 % % % %
Americas Europe Asia Total Americas Europe Asia Total Americas Europe Asia Total
Permanent employees 
(headcount) 7,048 4,442 182 11,672 7,242 4,365 174 11,781 (3%) 2% 3% (1%)
Temporary employees 
(headcount) - 124 10 134 - 155 16 171 - (20%) (38%) (22%)
Non-guaranteed hours 
employees (headcount) - - - - - - - - - - - -
Total 7,048 4,566 192 11,806 7,242 4,520 190 11,952 (3%) 1% (1%) (1%)
Direct employees by country 2025 2024 %
United States 6,934 7,141 (2.9%)
United Kingdom 3,014 3,064 (1.6%)
Spain 601 553 8.7%
Netherlands 581 596 (2.5%)
Hungary 363 300 21.0%
Hong Kong 159 156 1.9%
Canada 106 94 12.8%
Other 48 48 0.0%
Total 11,806 11,952 (1.2%)
Human capital
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 343

[page 344]
Customers
Aegon is constantly striving to deliver positive experiences for its customers, as 
explained in the Customers section of Creating value for our stakeholders section.
Across our global businesses, we seek to improve customer 
satisfaction, protect our customers’ privacy, and provide our 
products and services in a fair and accessible way. A strong 
financial foundation for the future is key to living your best 
life, especially as longevity increases, life expectations and 
patterns change, and the world adapts. A key part of Aegon's 
strategy is to grow our market by empowering people to 
make informed financial decisions through education, 
marketing, and awareness initiatives. Our material topics 
related to customers are made up of three key elements:
 Data privacy;
 Responsible marketing practices; and
 Financial empowerment.
The following section outlines our approach to managing 
the material IROs relating to these topics.
Data privacy
At Aegon, we are committed to protecting and respecting 
our stakeholders’ privacy and recognize that everyone in 
our company has a part to play in upholding good data 
privacy and information security standards. To fulfill our 
purpose, we need to be a trusted partner. Protecting 
customers' and other stakeholders’ privacy is key to building 
and maintaining that trust. Our approach to data privacy 
does not differentiate between customer groups, as we aim 
to maintain our data security and privacy standards for all 
customers.
Definition
Systems and procedures ensuring the data privacy of 
Aegon’s customers and other stakeholders, including the 
preservation of the confidentiality, integrity, and availability 
of Aegon's information assets.
Impacts, risks, and opportunities
Data privacy is considered a key aspect of Aegon’s business. 
Aegon has various policies, procedures, and a set of metrics 
designed to secure and protect personal data and meet 
regulatory requirements. Information security is one of 
Aegon’s primary mechanisms for protecting data privacy.
The material impact and risk related to data privacy may 
arise downstream in our value chain. The impacted 
stakeholder group is our customers. In our downstream 
insurance and pension activities, data privacy impacts and 
risks could arise through our distribution and sales, claims 
management, and customer service.
Aegon relies heavily not only on its own computer and 
information systems, and internet and network connectivity, 
but also on those of third parties to conduct a large portion 
of its business operations. In many cases, this also includes 
the transmission and processing of data with customers, 
business partners, and third-party service providers. 
This includes the need to securely store, process, transmit, 
and dispose of confidential information, including personal 
information. IT system failures, cybercrime attacks, or 
security or data privacy breaches may materially disrupt 
Aegon’s business operations and impact policyholders.
It is important that parties in our downstream value chain 
comply with applicable data privacy laws and regulations 
and have adequate information security measures in place. 
Through our comprehensive data privacy controls, we 
implement measures covering third parties related to 
information security, business continuity, and compliance.
The material impact described below (IRO 1) is a potential 
short-term impact. The material risk (IRO 2) may materialize 
in the short term.
The table below depicts where the IROs arise in the value 
chain. Each IRO is described below in more detail, and 
the numbering corresponds with the numbers in the table.
Where in the value chain do material IROs arise?
Material IROs related to the 
sustainability matter
ESRS topic
Sustainability matter 
(sub-topic and sub- 
sub-topic) Upstream
Own 
operations Downstream Impact Risk Opportunity
ESRS S4: 
Consumers and 
end users
Data privacy Insurance and pension 
activities
1 2
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
344 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 345]
Impact:
1. Negative, potential: A potential information security 
or data privacy breach could impact people (primarily our 
customers) through direct financial losses related to the 
products and services provided by Aegon and misuse of 
their personal information by external parties.
Risk and/or opportunity:
2. Risk: Disruption to business and litigation risk for failure 
to protect, or for the loss or misuse of customer information 
due to a data breach. Non-compliance with cybersecurity 
and privacy rules and regulations could result in fines and 
reputational damage.
Policies and procedures
Our approach to managing our material impact and risk 
related to data privacy is centered around Aegon's Privacy 
Control Framework, supported by local privacy policies 
and statements and our Information Security Policy.
The Aegon Privacy Control Framework (APCF) sets out 
the company's approach to personal data protection, 
including mandatory privacy training (IROs 1 and 2).
The APCF ensures ongoing privacy maturity measurements. 
Regular audits are conducted to assess compliance with 
relevant laws, regulations, and policies, as well as the APCF 
and its governance.
At Aegon, the Group Chief Privacy Officer is responsible for 
our data privacy compliance strategy and privacy oversight. 
The Data Protection Officer (DPO) in each business unit, 
together with the operational privacy teams, is responsible 
for local implementation and monitoring. The DPOs are 
accountable for privacy compliance at a business unit level 
and are often part of the relevant management committees. 
The effectiveness of the APCF is assessed annually by the 
business units on a scale of one to five and reviewed and 
challenged by the Group Risk function. Findings are reported 
to local and group management following our risk 
governance.
The APCF is implemented in all in-scope Aegon business 
units plus joint venture Mongeral Aegon Group (MAG 
Seguros) and the joint ventures of Aegon Spain. 
Transamerica is not in the scope of the APCF, but it has 
a similar program at the local level to accommodate local 
regulations.
In addition, local privacy policies and statements are 
implemented to address IROs 1 and 2. The effectiveness of 
the local privacy policies, which are for internal use, is 
assessed through the annual policy attestation processes.
In addition to local privacy policies, local privacy notices and 
statements are present and publicly available or internally 
available depending on the target audience (for example, 
individual customers or employees). Both the local policies 
and statements reflect Aegon's commitment at the local 
level to process personal data lawfully and properly (privacy 
policy) and to be transparent about how we use personal 
data (privacy statement).
Transamerica has specific policies, privacy notices, and 
statements in place to ensure proper collection, use, and 
storage of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) in 
accordance with applicable local data protection laws. 
These US laws include, for example, the California 
Consumer Privacy Act and California Privacy Rights Act 
(CCPA/CPRA), the New York Department of Financial 
Services Cybersecurity Regulation (NYDFS 23 NYCRR Part 
500), the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act 
of 1996 (HIPAA), and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).
The Global Information Security Policy sets out Aegon's 
approach to preventing cyber threats and minimizing the 
impact of any potential disruption for parties. It aims to 
preserve the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of 
information (IROs 1 and 2). It includes standardized 
procedures for detecting, responding to, and recovering 
from cybersecurity incidents, and for minimizing the risk of 
future privacy-related incidents. The policy is supported by 
mandatory information security training. The Information 
Security Policy is updated within predefined intervals.
In 2025, the Global Information Security Policy was 
significantly updated, adopting a control framework fully 
aligned with the National Institute of Standards and 
Technology’s Cybersecurity Framework (NIST CSF v2.0). It 
introduces a standardized and globally recognized structure 
with expanded requirements. The previous domains and Key 
Requirements (KRs) were replaced with NIST functions and 
categories.
The policy structure entails all six NIST functions: Govern, 
Identify, Protect, Detect, Respond, and Recover. Each 
function now includes detailed categories and mandatory 
key requirements, providing a granular and comprehensive 
approach to information security. An appendix was added 
with a comprehensive listing of all NIST subcategories, 
mapped to the policy’s key requirements. This mapping 
ensures clarity on how each requirement aligns with industry 
standards and supports compliance and (external) audit 
activities.
Aegon’s Global Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) is 
responsible for executing and overseeing Aegon’s company- 
wide information security strategy and day-to-day security 
operations. Local information security officers are 
responsible for execution and oversight in all relevant 
business units.
Customers
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 345

[page 346]
The centralized core information security team, along with 
dedicated teams in business units, is responsible for 
executing security functions in alignment with global and 
local regulations. The Global Information Security Advisory 
Council (GISAC) supports collaboration between information 
security functions at the company and business unit levels, 
and other supporting functions, such as Risk, Audit, Legal, 
and Privacy.
The Global Information Security Policy applies to all Aegon 
business units. For joint ventures, we strive to apply similar 
standards as defined in the policy.
In addition to data privacy policies and procedures that 
apply to Aegon's business units, we also have procedures 
for third parties that conduct activities on Aegon's behalf.
Our Third-Party Risk Management standards aim to 
further mitigate privacy and data security risk. Remediation 
action plans for identified gaps are created and agreed upon 
with the third party.
In addition, for critical/high risk engagements, business units 
must review the third-party's internal control environment. 
Requirements to adhere to Aegon’s policies and procedures 
are also reflected in the contract terms and conditions.
The Vendor Code of Conduct, combined with the terms and 
conditions of the contracts, contains the standards for our 
business relations, including requirements on data privacy 
(including customers' data privacy, where relevant.)
Engaging with customers and channels to raise 
their concerns
In our publicly available privacy statements, we inform 
customers how we process their personal data. If there are 
any complaints, they can contact the contact persons listed 
in the privacy statements, typically the local DPOs. Ongoing 
monitoring aims to review that when breaches occur, 
appropriate action is taken and that remedies are effective, 
where required.
The Aegon Speak Up channel is also available for customers 
to raise concerns about potential misconduct. See Speak 
Up for more details. In addition, our business units have 
different channels to collect customer feedback and 
complaints. See these channels in the Responsible 
Marketing Practices section.
Actions (and resources)
To manage the material impact and risk related to data 
privacy, we have developed and implemented key actions. 
These actions fall into two broad categories: data privacy 
and information security, detailed below.
Effective data privacy and information security measures 
require us to understand the sensitivity of our data. 
Therefore, Aegon has a specific approach to securely 
manage highly sensitive information throughout its lifecycle. 
In addition, we provide regular mandatory training on data 
privacy and information security for all Aegon employees. 
For these actions, existing budgets and resources from the 
standing data privacy and information security organization 
are used.
Data privacy
The DPO in each business unit, together with the operational 
privacy teams, is responsible for local implementation and 
monitoring. The operational privacy teams provide privacy 
advice and training, for example on how to fill in the Privacy 
Impact Assessments (PIA). They also perform control testing 
and monitor follow-up of findings as part of the yearly APCF 
run.
Policy or procedure
IRO and subtopic 
linkage1
Senior-level 
accountability for 
implementation Scope
Stakeholders 
considered or 
consulted in 
preparation
Internally or externally 
available
Aegon Privacy Control 
Framework (APCF) 
(procedure)
Data privacy: 
Impact: 1 
Risk: 2
Group Chief Privacy 
Officer
All business units 
(except 
Transamerica), 
holding, plus the joint 
ventures in Brazil and 
Spain
APCF is based on an 
external privacy 
control framework 
(NOREA) developed in 
consultation with 
privacy professionals.
Shared internally within 
the data privacy 
community
Local privacy policies 
and statements
Data privacy: 
Impact: 1 
Risk: 2
Local CEOs Transamerica and 
other local units 
where applicable
Local management, 
legal, compliance, 
data protection, and 
risk officers
Publicly available on the 
(local) website or 
internally available on 
the (local) intranet 
depending on the target 
audience
Global Information 
Security Policy
Data privacy: 
Impact: 1 
Risk: 2
Global Chief 
Information Security 
Officer
All business units and 
holding. For joint 
ventures, we strive to 
apply similar 
standards.
Executive Board, 
Global IT Board, 
security officers
Internally available on 
Aegon's intranet
1 The numbering provided in this table refers to the IROs listed under the heading “Impacts, risks, and opportunities” of this section.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
346 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 347]
The PIA is carried out for projects and/or changes that 
involve the processing of personal information, such as 
implementing or redesigning a process, introducing or 
making changes to a product, or implementing or changing a 
system or asset. They are carried out in the very early stages 
to identify any privacy risks before so that controls can be 
put in place to manage them effectively (IROs 1 and 2).
In 2025, a refreshed, mandatory Global Data Privacy 
e-learning for all Aegon employees, and eligible contingent 
workers, was designed and rolled out. The course covers 
Aegon’s privacy principles and practical scenarios and is a 
collaboration between privacy teams in both the corporate 
center and the business units. Course completion is tracked 
and reported via the Absorb e-learning tool (IROs 1 and 2).
Information security
Addressing our data privacy impacts and risk requires a 
multi-layered protection approach to information security. 
Aegon’s information security initiatives cover its 
applications, servers, networks, data, identity and access 
systems, cloud and third-party systems, and the essential 
“human firewall.”
Our workforce is vital in our total information security 
approach, particularly in our Information Security Incident 
Response Program, which establishes practices for 
responding to and handling information security incidents 
(IROs 1 and 2).
Employees are a key line of defense and are asked to report 
any suspicious activity or concerns about information 
security to their line manager or via their local information 
security systems.
In addition to our workforce providing a "human firewall", we 
utilize a range of tools, analysis, and remediation measures 
to protect data, prevent data loss, and respond to data 
security incidents. These include a Global Incident Response 
plan (as part of the Global Information Security Incident 
Response Framework), which is a collection of documented 
processes, technical playbooks, and resources to respond 
to potential cybersecurity incidents (IROs 1 and 2). Types of 
incidents include technology/cyber-attacks or intrusions, 
data or privacy breaches, physical breaches, theft of 
information assets, and unauthorized disclosure of 
intellectual property.
A risk scoring methodology has been developed to assess 
Aegon’s protection levels for both external and internal 
threats. The risk scoring assessment is performed regularly 
on different dimensions such as vulnerability management, 
cloud security, identity and access management, data 
protection, cyber monitoring and response, and denial-of- 
service. Progress on improvement plans is monitored every 
quarter.
We also conduct an external network penetration test, 
at least annually, with a qualified third party.
Key performance indicator(s) and target(s)
The measurement of the effectiveness of our policies and 
actions to address IROs 1 and 2 is complemented with 
two KPIs: “Proportion of employees who completed specific 
training on data privacy” and “Proportion of employees 
who completed the annual Information Security training." 
The two 95% targets are set by the Chief Privacy Officer 
and the Chief Information Security Officer, respectively. 
The targets allow a margin for employees who cannot 
complete the training on time, for example, due to maternity 
or (long-term) illness leave. These KPIs are measured 
annually.
The business units closely monitor the completion of the 
training and take direct action with an employee's manager 
in case of non-completion. The Chief Privacy Officer and the 
Chief Information Security Officer monitor the effectiveness 
of these KPIs.
Overall results are reported to the GSB annually. Action 
plans are created if progress falls behind target.
In 2025, 98% (2024: 98%) of Aegon’s workforce (including 
its own employees as well as non-employee workers) 
completed the specific training on data privacy, and also 
96% (2024: 98%) completed the training on information 
security.
KPI(s) Target for 2025 Performance in 2025 Target for 2026
Proportion of employees who completed specific training on 
data privacy (%)
95% 98% 95%
Proportion of employees who completed the annual Information 
Security training (%)
95% 96% 95%
Customers
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 347

[page 348]
Metrics
The following list of metrics, including the KPIs presented 
above, provides insights into the progress made on 
managing our IROs.
The data privacy metrics are all Aegon-specific disclosures.
Methodology
This section includes information on the methodologies 
used for the metrics presented in the metrics tables.
Data privacy
In scope of the data privacy training and the annual 
information security training are direct employees and 
eligible contingent workers (non-employee workers).
Eligible contingent workers who were selected for the 
training are contractors with an (Active Directory) Aegon 
or Transamerica account. The selection is performed at 
the discretion of each business unit.
The data privacy training modules vary by region to address 
specific local legislation. The focus in Europe is on 
GDPR. The information security training covers relevant 
information security topics based on risk assessments, best 
practices, and appropriate behaviors. The training 
completion rates cover training programs that were 
completed during the reporting period, but may have started 
in the previous year.
Enterprise-wide phishing campaigns are run every quarter 
and cover all direct employees and contingent workers (non- 
employee workers) with an email account on the Aegon or 
Transamerica network. In addition, targeted campaigns are 
run periodically with a subset of users based on the risk 
profile (for example, Human Resources).
unit 2025 2024 %
Data privacy
Number of employees who received specific training on data privacy nr 11,563 11,878 (3%)
Proportion of employees who completed specific training on data privacy % 98% 98% 0pp
Number of employees who received the annual Information security training nr 13,626 12,079 13%
Proportion of employees who completed the annual Information security training % 96% 98% (2pp)
Number of enterprise-wide phishing campaigns launched during the year nr 4 4 0%
n.a. – not applicable; n.m. – not measured; pp - percentage points
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
348 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 349]
Responsible marketing practices
In line with our purpose, we seek to ensure our marketing 
approach is fair and balanced and, where applicable, that 
product recommendations are in customers' best interests 
or meet suitability requirements. Our approach to 
responsible marketing does not differentiate between 
different customer groups, as we aim to uphold our 
principles of transparency and fairness across all our 
marketing activities.
Definition
Fair and responsible marketing communications, as well as 
access to information about products, help customers make 
informed choices.
Impacts, risks, and opportunities
The material impact and risk related to responsible 
marketing practices may arise downstream, specifically 
related to our insurance and pension activities in our value 
chain. The impacted stakeholder group is our customers.
The material impact and risk described below (IRO 1 and 2) 
have a potential impact in the short-, medium-, and long- 
term.
The table below depicts where the IROs arise in the value 
chain. Each IRO is described in more detail below, and the 
numbering corresponds to the table.
Impact:
1. Negative, potential: Inadequate market-conduct 
practices may jeopardize customers’ financial security 
by failing to align products and communications with their 
needs and interests.
Risk and/or opportunity:
2. Risk: Non-compliance with market conduct requirements 
can erode customer trust, lead to mis-selling, incur penalties 
and litigation, damage reputation, and reduce revenue and 
shareholder value.
Policies and procedures
Our approach to managing our material impact and risk 
related to responsible marketing practices is supported 
by two group policies and a number of local policies in the 
business units. The policies aim to ensure transparency, 
fairness, and compliance across our commercial activities.
The Pricing and Product Development Policy details 
Aegon’s pricing and product development approach. It takes 
into account, among other things, whether there is a 
reasonable distribution of return/value to stakeholders, the 
fair treatment of customers, and whether customers' needs 
are being met, including sustainability preferences. The key 
requirements of the policy apply to all in-scope products, 
sold by or on behalf of Aegon’s business units.
In addition to the company-wide Pricing and Product 
Development Policy, local business-unit policies aim 
to protect customers' interests and comply with local 
regulatory requirements.
The Market Conduct Compliance Policy aims to mitigate 
the risk of losses due to non-compliance with market 
conduct-related regulatory requirements, laws, regulations, 
company rules, policies, and commonly accepted norms 
and values. It sets out key requirements regarding market 
conduct, designed to prevent or mitigate customers' 
detriment, to support the proper management of conflicts 
of interest (including acting in accordance with the best 
interests of customers) and to ensure that the interests, 
objectives, and characteristics of customers are taken into 
account. The key requirements of this policy apply to all 
business units that deal with customers directly or indirectly 
through distributors, brokers, and vendors.
In addition to these key requirements, business units 
consider local rules and regulations, such as the Insurance 
Distribution Directive (IDD) and Markets in Financial 
Instruments (MiFID) for European entities, as well as SEC 
Fiduciary standards and State Insurance Regulations for 
US entities. A range of policies is in place in the business 
units to support compliance with local regulations and 
maintain standards and ethical guidelines. These policies 
cover areas such as the prevention of mis-selling and fraud, 
proposition development, and marketing communications. 
The key requirements are product approval and review, 
target market assessments, conflict-of-interest 
management, selection and management of distribution 
channels, and product monitoring.
Where in the value chain do material IROs arise?
Material IROs related to the 
sustainability matter
ESRS topic
Sustainability matter 
(sub-topic and sub- 
sub-topic) Upstream
Own 
operations Downstream Impact Risk Opportunity
ESRS S4: 
Consumers and 
end users
Responsible marketing 
practices
Insurance and pension 
activities
1 2
Customers
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 349

[page 350]
Engaging with customers and channels to raise 
their concerns
Aegon’s business units use customer feedback to improve 
marketing practices and customer satisfaction. Insights 
from customer experience and complaints analysis are 
incorporated into our processes to enhance the clarity 
of our information and identify any potential risks from 
misleading information.
Local channels for customer feedback include customer 
panels and customer support lines, where we listen to 
customers’ concerns and review their information needs. 
If our customers have complaints about our marketing 
activities, we aim to address their concerns effectively and 
fairly and take appropriate action to remedy any negative 
impacts. Our business units also have processes to identify 
and address the root causes of complaints to improve 
processes. Ongoing monitoring of customer feedback aims 
to ensure that appropriate action is taken and that remedies 
are effective, where required. In addition, data from tools 
such as the Net Promoter Score (NPS) and analysis of risk 
events provide insight into customer satisfaction and 
identify potential risks.
The effectiveness of these channels is assessed through 
periodic reviews, compliance monitoring, and independent 
audits. Additionally, alternative channels are available for 
customers to raise concerns, including reporting to the 
chairman of the Audit Committee and the local ombudsman.
Actions (and resources)
We implement various actions throughout the year to 
manage our material impact and risk related to responsible 
marketing practices. These are ongoing and are developed 
and implemented using existing marketing budgets and 
resources, from global and local compliance and risk teams.
As outlined above, we have a range of channels and 
mechanisms through which we engage with our customers 
on our marketing practices. In addition, regular monitoring 
and assurance activities are carried out in the business 
units to support compliance and early risk identification. 
This includes periodic risk assessments by the risk 
departments, internal audits, and compliance checks on 
marketing materials. We also carry out regular local training 
initiatives to help marketing teams and final approvers 
become knowledgeable and competent, and stay up to date 
on regulatory and policy requirements. Some of our training 
platforms are supported by third-party suppliers.
Key performance indicator(s) and target(s)
We measure the effectiveness of our measures 
towards managing our IROs related to responsible 
marketing practices through the KPI of “Significant fines 
to address cases of mis-selling.” In scope are all Aegon 
business units. We set the target at zero1, as we aim 
to avoid any mis-selling fines. Group Compliance monitors 
the effectiveness of this KPI and results are reported to 
the GSB at least twice a year.
As noted above, we have processes to remediate mis-selling 
and to learn from customer feedback. Action plans are 
created in case of mis-selling breaches or fines. These 
processes, and any resulting actions, aim to reduce the risk 
of mis-selling and deliver necessary improvements.
Policy or procedure
IRO and subtopic 
linkage1
Senior-level 
accountability for 
implementation Scope
Stakeholders 
considered or 
consulted in 
preparation
Internally or externally 
available
Pricing and Product 
Development Policy
Responsible 
marketing practices 
Impact: 1 
Risk: 2
Global Chief Actuary All business units Consultation 
between the Global 
Chief Actuary and 
local chief actuaries
Internally available on 
Aegon's intranet
Market Conduct 
Compliance Policy
Responsible 
marketing practices 
Impact: 1 
Risk: 2
Group Chief 
Compliance Officer is 
responsible for 
setting the global 
policy, 
implementation is 
overseen by the CEO, 
supported by the 
Executive Committee.
All business units. 
Local specific 
policies where 
relevant
Consultation 
between Group 
Compliance and local 
compliance
Internally available on 
Aegon's intranet
1 The numbering provided in this table refers to the IROs listed under the heading “Impacts, risks, and opportunities” of this section.
KPI(s) Target for 2025 Performance in 2025 Target for 2026
Significant fines to address cases of mis-selling (EUR) 0 EUR 0 EUR 0 EUR
For reporting purposes we use a threshold of EUR 100,000, excluding settlements.1
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
350 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 351]
Metrics
The following list of metrics, including the KPI presented 
above, provides insights into the progress made in managing 
our IROs.
The metrics are either mandatory ESRS disclosures or 
Aegon-specific.
Methodology
Responsible marketing practices
Mis-selling fines include any fines for mis-selling in excess 
of EUR 100,000, excluding settlements. Mis-selling is the act 
of inflicting direct harm to customers. Fines are issued by 
relevant authorities relating to matters in which Aegon 
subsidiaries were found to be guilty of inflicting direct 
customer harm.
The proportion of compliance with Pricing and product 
development policy requirements reflects business units’ 
compliance with specific requirements of this policy. 
Where there is not full compliance, this does not necessarily 
indicate a breach of the overall policy, for example in minor 
breaches or where units are granted some implementation 
time. All breaches do require a remediation action plan. 
The compliance assessment is performed by the first line 
according to a management-approved policy attestation 
cycle and validated by the Risk function.
In 2025, we changed the scope of the customer complaints 
metric to reportable complaints only. This represents 
reportable instances of dissatisfaction received from 
customers during the reporting year which could be product- 
related (for example, quality or performance of a product), 
service-related (for example, customer support), process- 
related (for example, policies or systems) and/or external- 
related (for example, distribution partners). It covers 
complaints that require reporting to management and to 
fulfil local regulatory reporting requirements. The scope last 
year included all verbal and written reports of 
dissatisfaction. The new scope of reportable complaints is 
more limited and focuses on escalated complaints only. This 
is more in line with how customer complaints are being 
monitored internally and how the numbers are reported 
externally to (local) regulators. The 2024 figure of 113,512 
was revised to facilitate comparison. The revised figure is 
31,052 and is presented in the table above.
unit 2025 2024 %
Responsible marketing practices
Significant mis-selling fines EURm - - 0%
Proportion of compliance with Pricing and product development policy 
requirements % 99% 99% 0pp
Customer complaints nr 27,522 31,052 (11%)
n.a. – not applicable; n.m. – not measured; pp - percentage points
Customers
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 351

[page 352]
Financial empowerment
As a key part of our business strategy, Aegon aims to 
support people to make informed financial decisions and 
reduce barriers to accessing financial products and 
services. This is central to our purpose and an important 
element of helping people to confidently plan for their 
futures. We do not differentiate across customer groups in 
our approach to financial empowerment.
Definition
Financial empowerment means enabling individuals to take 
charge of their finances and make informed financial 
decisions at every stage of life, supported by the right 
advice, products, and solutions.
Impacts, risks, and opportunities
Aegon has one material opportunity related to the topic 
of financial empowerment, which occurs downstream, 
specifically related to our insurance and pension activities 
in the value chain. The related stakeholder group is our 
customers.
For reporting purposes under the ESRS, the term financial 
empowerment corresponds to the social inclusion of 
customers sub-topic, and more specifically, to the access 
to products and services sub-sub-topic.
The material opportunity described below (IRO 1) has 
a potential impact in the short-, medium-, and long-term. 
The table below depicts where the opportunity arises in 
the value chain and is described below in more detail.
1. Opportunity: Aegon has an opportunity to grow its 
business by addressing protection gaps, short-term savings 
needs and retirement readiness, and through empowering 
individuals to make confident, informed financial decisions 
throughout life, supported by appropriate advice, products, 
and solutions.
Policies and procedures
Our approach to managing our material opportunity for 
financial empowerment is supported by two group policies. 
The policies aim to put customers at the heart of our product 
design, and to take their needs into account when executing 
our commercial activities across the business. In addition, 
business units have policies and frameworks to comply with 
local market consumer protection requirements.
The Pricing and Product Development Policy supports 
the development of insurance products that are valuable, 
customer-focused, and meet the needs of our diverse 
clients to help them live their best lives. It sets out our aim to 
provide fair treatment for customers and covers the launch, 
repricing, and enhancement of products, ensuring ongoing 
suitability and accessibility for customers across their life 
stages. The policy includes requirements for clear 
information and transparent pricing to support customers' 
informed decision-making. The policy mandates governance 
structures and escalation procedures to ensure products 
remain suitable and aligned with customer needs.
Aegon’s Market Conduct Compliance Policy aims to help 
our customers take responsibility for their financial futures 
by providing products and services that support them 
throughout their lifetime. The policy seeks to support Aegon 
in earning the trust of our customers by managing conflicts 
of interest appropriately and ensuring that customers' 
objectives, interests, and characteristics are duly taken into 
account. The policy outlines a set of requirements including 
documenting target markets, ensuring products are aligned 
with customer needs, and considering financial capability 
and literacy. It also outlines the need for clear, 
understandable information for customers, and that advice 
is based on individual needs and circumstances. There are 
also requirements for appropriate distribution channels, 
ongoing monitoring, and remedial actions to support our 
customers. The policy outlines market conduct principles, 
including fair treatment, clear information, and needs-based 
advice.
As these policies are the same as for responsible marketing 
practices, refer to the policies and procedures table in that 
section for more details.
Actions (and resources)
In 2025, we have undertaken a number of actions to 
capitalize on the opportunity related to financial 
empowerment. Many of these actions are ongoing and are 
developed and implemented using budget and resources 
at both the global and local business unit levels.
Where in the value chain do material IROs arise?
Material IROs related to the 
sustainability matter
ESRS topic
Sustainability matter 
(sub-topic and sub- 
sub-topic) Upstream
Own 
operations Downstream Impact Risk Opportunity
ESRS S4: 
Consumers and 
end users
Financial empowerment Insurance and pension 
activities
1
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
352 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 353]
Reducing barriers to financial products and services
Aegon seeks to help its customers with a range of financial 
products and services that serve their changing needs 
throughout their lives. Part of the approach is to help 
customers understand and track their financial future. To 
support this, our business units have developed a range of 
services and platforms to educate and support customers’ 
financial literacy, planning, and strategies.
Aegon UK launched Mylo, a new app that will provide 
customers with a simple way to consolidate their pension 
schemes. The app allows customers to navigate their 
Aegon UK products, with a focus on key life moments. This 
aims to help customers make informed decisions by 
providing access to targeted education, guidance, and 
advice when customers need it most.
Pension Geeks is a financial education platform for UK 
clients designed to make people’s lives easier by addressing 
money issues that employees or pension scheme members 
are most concerned about. Topics include pensions, 
financial wellbeing, mortgages, loans, and coping with the 
cost-of-living crisis. The platform provides accessible 
information that breaks down money matters into bite-sized 
chunks and builds financial literacy. Through a range of 
videos, articles, tools, and more, the platform seeks to help 
people to take control of their money.
Origen Financial Services, Aegon's wholly owned financial 
advice business, enables Aegon UK to provide a wide range 
of advice services to customers. Origen aims to be a trusted 
partner for individuals, families, trustees, and businesses. 
Through its highly qualified team of advisers, Origen 
supports clients with their financial planning needs.
Transamerica continues to support the middle-market in 
America, seeking to support traditionally underserved 
communities through a range of initiatives, including the 
My Life Access tool and enhanced retirement-planning 
tools that help individuals access their financial information, 
plan their financial futures, and interact with their products.
Promoting inclusion in our distribution network
World Financial Group (WFG) is an insurance agency with 
a distribution network of more than 95,000 licensed agents, 
a subsidiary of Transamerica, and part of the Aegon group of 
companies.
WFG aims to represent the communities it serves (IRO 1). 
WFG’s licensed independent agents represent more than 75 
different spoken languages. In addition, more than 50% of 
the agent population is female, and 65% identify as 
members of traditionally underrepresented racial/ethnic 
groups.
WFG has been bridging the gap to financial inclusion for 
lower-income households across North America for over 
20 years by offering access to affordable products, financial 
education, and the ability to develop a financial strategy. 
The approach focuses on three areas: helping individuals 
build a better financial future; enhancing financial literacy 
and wellbeing; and supporting their agents to build their own 
businesses. This includes recruiting more WFG agents from 
communities that are well positioned to serve traditionally 
underserved customer groups.
We see community representation among WFG agents as 
the primary driver for capturing opportunities and increasing 
our market share. This is a key part of our strategy for 
bridging the gap between lower-income households and 
financial inclusion.
Customer satisfaction
Transamerica and Aegon UK use Net Promoter Scores® 
(NPS) to measure customer satisfaction. Transamerica 
measures NPS for life customers through an annual third- 
party study conducted by LIMRA2. NPS for retirement is 
calculated internally and NPS for advisors is measured on 
a rolling basis throughout the year. Aegon UK conducts 
surveys with individual customers, advisors, and employers 
about their experiences with Aegon UK. Customer surveys 
are conducted throughout the year, whereas advisors are 
surveyed on a quarterly basis and employers every six 
months
Transamerica's Customer Experience Center of 
Excellence, focuses on improving customers' experiences 
and uses data and customer feedback to develop solutions, 
communications, and digital capabilities that address 
customer needs, while also helping to share best practices 
across the organization. Transamerica operates a "hybrid" 
model for key customer experience services. This means 
that some activities are executed by our own workforce, 
while outsourced services are managed through service- 
level agreements. Monitoring focuses on products and 
services that potentially have the greatest reputational 
impact on the organization.
Key performance indicator(s) and target(s)
We have not set KPIs for the topic of financial empowerment. 
However, as this is an opportunity, we hope to see the 
effects reflected in increased market share and revenue.
Customers
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 353

[page 354]
Metrics
The following list of metrics provides insights into the 
progress made in managing the opportunity related to 
financial empowerment.
The metrics are Aegon-specific and focused on customer 
satisfaction.
Supplementary explanation
NPS scores
In Aegon UK, customer contact and support teams alongside 
account managers (where applicable) have focused on 
improvements in the customer experience. Additionally, 
improvements were made in customer platforms and 
processes. This is reflected in improved NPS scores in 
Aegon UK.
Methodology
NPS scores
Customer satisfaction is measured using the NPS score. 
Respondents answer based on a 0-10 scale, where those 
answering 9-10 are deemed “promoters,” those answering 
7-8 are “passives,” and 0-6 are “detractors.” NPS is based on 
% of promoters minus the % of detractors. A negative NPS 
represents a higher % of detractors amongst respondents 
than promoters. The Net Promoter Score can range from 
-100 and +100.
For Workplace clients, the measurement differs between the 
United States and the United Kingdom. Transamerica 
measures the NPS score for retirement plan participants, 
who are the end customers. The question asked is: "Based 
on your experience, how likely are you to recommend Aegon 
to a friend, family member, or colleague?" This question is 
asked daily following a call center interaction with a 
participant.
Aegon UK measures the NPS score for Workplace clients, 
meaning the employers. The question asked is: "How likely is 
it that you would recommend Aegon to your colleagues, 
peers, or business network?" This question is asked 
throughout the year.
NPS for advisors is measured based on the question: 
"How likely is it that you would recommend Aegon to your 
colleagues, peers, or business network?" This question is 
asked throughout the year. This approach is the same for 
Transamerica and Aegon UK.
NPS for individual customers is measured based on the 
question: "How likely are you to recommend Aegon to a 
friend, family member, or colleague?" For Transamerica 
individual customers, NPS is measured through participation 
in an annual third-party study conducted by LIMRA. For 
Aegon UK customers, NPS is measured quarterly using a 
random selection of customers from the Customer 
Relationship Management system and is managed in-house.
unit 2025 2024 %
Financial empowerment
NPS score for Workplace clients
United States -100 to 100 72 72 0 points
United Kingdom -100 to 100 26 26 0 points
NPS score for advisors
United States -100 to 100 60 55 5 points
United Kingdom -100 to 100 5 (8) 13 points
NPS score for individual customers
United States -100 to 100 38 36 2 points
United Kingdom -100 to 100 47 28 19 points
n.a. – not applicable; n.m. – not measured; pp - percentage points
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
354 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 355]
Governance information
Business conduct
Business conduct is a fundamental element of our business, essential to building 
the trust, transparency, and accountability necessary to foster long-term financial 
stability and business integrity.
A key component for creating value for all our stakeholders 
is our corporate culture, underpinned by our purpose, which 
seeks to treat stakeholders with transparency and fairness.
To safeguard our business relationships and standards 
of conduct, Aegon maintains extensive requirements on 
anti-fraud, market conduct, anti-corruption, and anti- 
bribery, supported by a Speak Up policy for whistleblower 
protection.
Business conduct at Aegon is underpinned by our Code 
of Conduct, which outlines how our employees should 
conduct business and exercise sound judgment in reaching 
ethical business decisions in the long-term interests of our 
stakeholders.
The following section outlines our approach to managing 
material IROs related to business conduct, particularly how 
we conduct business with respect to the prevention and 
detection of corruption and bribery, including the protection 
of whistleblowers.
Definition
Conducting business ethically, with integrity and 
transparency.
Impacts, risks, and opportunities
The material risks connected to the prevention and 
detection of corruption and bribery may arise in our own 
operations (including our own employees and non-employee 
workers) in all geographies where we have operations.
The material impact related to the protection of 
whistleblowers, may arise as part of our own operations. 
The impacted stakeholder group is our own workforce.
Good business conduct in the financial sector is vital to 
building trust in the industry and underpins a sustainable 
global economy. Business conduct impacts a range of 
business relationships and activities our workforce is 
involved in. It is inherent to the nature of the transactions we 
manage in our daily activities and the complex regulatory 
landscape.
The table below depicts where the IROs arise in the value 
chain. Each IRO is described below in more detail, and the 
numbering corresponds to the numbers in the table.
The material potential impact (IRO 1) described below may 
impact in the short-, medium- and long-term. The material 
risks (IRO 2 and 3) may materialize in the short-, medium- 
and long-term.
Protection of whistleblowers
Definition: Protection against retaliation of anyone who has 
reported misuse of insider knowledge or any illegal, illicit, 
or fraudulent activities occurring in our organization.
Impact:
1. Negative, potential: Ineffective whistleblowing 
mechanisms can deter people from reporting misconduct, 
allowing harmful practices to persist and exposing reporters 
to retaliation, psychological distress, and a decline in trust 
and morale across the organization.
Prevention and detection of corruption 
and bribery
Definition: Corruption is the abuse or misuse of power for 
gain. Bribery is a form of corruption and is defined as the 
offering, giving, receiving, or soliciting of anything of value 
to improperly influence the actions of another, whether a 
government official (public bribery) or a private party 
(commercial bribery).
Where in the value chain do material IROs arise?
Material IROs related to the 
sustainability matter
ESRS topic
Sustainability matter 
(sub-topic and sub-sub- 
topic) Upstream
Own 
operations Downstream Impact Risk Opportunity
ESRS G1: 
Business 
conduct
Protection of 
whistleblowers
Own 
operations
1
Prevention and 
detection of corruption 
and bribery
Own 
operations
2, 3
Governance information
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 355

[page 356]
Risk and/or opportunity:
2. Risk: Failure to implement robust and effective risk 
management and respective controls in relation to anti- 
corruption and bribery could result in regulatory scrutiny, 
penalties, and damage to Aegon's reputation.
3. Risk: Incidents of corruption or bribery could result in 
increased costs (internal/managerial), fines, litigation, 
as well as societal impacts or damage to local economies. 
Consequently, corruption or poor business conduct issues 
could lead to reputational damage to both Aegon and the 
financial services sector.
Policies and procedures
Business conduct, including the protection of 
whistleblowers, is a fundamental and well-established 
element within Aegon. Aegon is committed to conducting its 
business activities with honesty, integrity, and transparency. 
Its business is centered on people and their trust in us. 
Only by acting with professionalism and integrity can we 
earn the trust of our stakeholders and preserve Aegon's 
reputation. Although the financial services sector has long 
been subject to business conduct regulation, the EU 
Whistleblower Protection Directive now applies to 
businesses across all sectors above a certain size.
Our approach to managing our material impacts and risks 
related to business conduct (IROs 1 - 3), including the 
protection of whistleblowers, is outlined in a set of core 
compliance policies (see the policy table below).
The scope of policies often refers to employees of Aegon 
business units. Employees in this context are direct Aegon 
employees on a permanent or temporary contract, including 
members of the Board of Directors, the Executive 
Committee, and senior management. When additional 
groups of employees (for example, non-employee workers, 
joint ventures, or third parties) are in scope, this is explicitly 
mentioned in the policy table. All business units are required 
to ensure full and proper implementation of the key 
requirements of these policies, along with any additional 
local requirements, as necessary. Local compliance officers 
are responsible for monitoring, reporting, and the controls 
for these policies, with oversight from Group Compliance. 
Group Internal Audit conducts independent audits to ensure 
adherence to the policies and procedures and monitors the 
follow-up actions related to previously reported issues.
Aegon has a framework of policy statements and 
preventative measures against bribery and corruption. 
This includes its Code of Conduct, ABC policy, Speak Up 
policy, Financial & Economic Crime Statement, Conflict of 
Interest policy, and Responsible Investment Policy.
The framework and policies support Aegon's efforts to 
uphold the UN Convention against Corruption. Aegon 
explicitly prohibits bribery and corruption, including bribery 
of foreign public officials and indirect bribery through 
agents/intermediaries. Internal controls and risk 
assessments are established as preventive measures 
(for example, due diligence and monitoring of third parties, 
and training/information to raise staff awareness to 
recognize, prevent, and report bribery and corruption). 
Internal and external stakeholders can use the Aegon Speak 
Up channel to raise bribery and corruption concerns. The 
framework is periodically reviewed, communicated internally 
(and externally where relevant), and updated as needed.
Aegon Code of Conduct
The Code of Conduct embodies Aegon’s values and helps 
ensure that all employees act ethically and responsibly 
(IROs 1 - 3). It prescribes the mandatory conditions for how 
Aegon employees should conduct business by complying 
with all applicable laws and regulations and exercising 
sound judgment in making ethical business decisions in 
the long-term interests of our stakeholders.
Aegon employees must certify that they have read and 
understood the Code of Conduct and agree to abide by it. 
Employees are also required to follow mandatory training 
regularly to help embed the principles of the Code in their 
work. Annual Code of Conduct attestation is mandatory for 
all direct employees of Aegon.
Failure to comply with the Code of Conduct may result 
in disciplinary action up to and including termination of 
employment. Violations of the Code of Conduct may also 
qualify as violations of the law and result in civil or criminal 
exposure.
The policy references several third-party standards and 
initiatives, including the United Nations Universal Declaration 
of Human Rights, the International Labour Organization, and 
the UN Global Compact (human rights principles and labor 
standards).
Protection of whistleblowers
Supplementing the Aegon Code of Conduct, the Aegon 
Speak Up Policy establishes protections for whistleblowers 
(IRO 1). It is important that people feel supported and 
protected by the company when bringing issues to the 
attention of management that may harm the company's 
reputation, integrity, employees, or other 
stakeholders. Reporters who believe they have experienced 
retaliation are encouraged to immediately report the issue 
to the Group Chief Compliance Officer.
Aegon has established specific measures to support a 
person who reports a concern in good faith, without risking 
retaliation. This aims to create a safe environment for 
anyone who wishes to raise concerns about suspected or 
observed misconduct involving Aegon. The Speak Up Policy 
outlines the procedures for reporting suspected 
misconduct, conducting independent investigations, 
providing support and protection measures, and following up 
of any recommendations for remedial action where an issue 
is identified.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
356 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 357]
Joint ventures and associates, in which Aegon does not have 
operational control, are expected to either adopt their own 
Speak Up program or implement the Aegon program.
Aegon Speak Up
In addition to the common reporting channels (for example 
manager, HR, or local compliance), Aegon offers an 
independent Speak Up channel as an alternative mechanism 
to raise concerns about unlawful, unethical, or otherwise 
inappropriate conduct involving Aegon (IROs 1 - 3). 
The Speak Up channel provides a secure, independent, 
confidential (and anonymous if preferred), and 24/7 
accessible platform (online and toll-free phone lines 
available in all countries of operation) for employees, non- 
employee workers, and external stakeholders to report 
concerns about unlawful behavior or breaches of our code 
of conduct.
To ensure transparency and accessibility, detailed 
information about the Speak Up program is publicly 
available. This includes the full Speak Up policy, a short 
video introduction to the program, a statement from 
our CEO underlining senior management’s support, and an 
infographic summarizing the Speak Up journey from report 
to resolution. This is supported with a dedicated Speak Up 
website and mobile app ("Aegon Speak Up Toolkit"), where 
users can access FAQs and guidance on each phase of 
the reporting process. Through these resources, individuals 
are supported and better prepared when raising a concern, 
with clarity on how the process works and the safeguards in 
place.
At Aegon, speaking up is encouraged and protected. 
To prevent retaliation, we use automated monitoring through 
our Speak Up platform, which regularly checks in with 
reporters to ask whether they have experienced reprisals. 
We have also developed retaliation prevention and 
intervention guidance to help management recognize 
retaliation risk, reduce the likelihood of reprisals, and 
respond effectively if concerns arise. In addition, we raise 
awareness through training and open communication so 
employees understand that speaking up is part of normal 
business practice, that retaliation is not accepted, and that 
concerns will be handled objectively.
Reports may be submitted by both internal and external 
stakeholders. The channel is designed to allow concerns 
to be escalated outside normal hierarchies and, where 
appropriate, directly to senior management or the Board's 
Audit Committee. The Speak Up platform is hosted 
externally and allows reporters to choose whether they wish 
to identify themselves or remain anonymous. Concerns are 
investigated promptly, independently, and objectively, with 
safeguards against retaliation in line with the EU 
Whistleblower Protection Directive.
Aegon has an investigation manual that provides clear 
guidance for conducting investigations into reported 
concerns. The manual outlines principles, procedures, and 
responsibilities to ensure that investigations are handled 
promptly, fairly, and consistently. It serves as a practical tool 
for those tasked with investigating concerns and helps 
ensure that outcomes are reliable, transparent, and aligned 
with the principles our Code of Conduct, Speak Up policy, 
and compliance standards.
The Ethics Committee provides a post-case analysis of data 
extracted from all reports and subsequent investigations 
to identify trends and weaknesses, and to assess threats to 
the effectiveness of our compliance program and Aegon’s 
internal control system. Based on these analyses, the Board 
of Directors may consider the need for amendments, 
additional measures, or resources to ensure the Speak Up 
program is effective and that employees have confidence 
in it.
Internally, the use and availability of Speak Up are supported 
by several initiatives. For example, the GES assesses 
whether employees feel comfortable speaking up and 
sharing their opinions freely. Furthermore, employees 
are required to complete the Aegon Speak Up training 
specific to their role. In addition, a mandatory Aegon Speak 
Up Leadership Training is rolled out. This training includes 
content on how to be receptive to people raising 
concerns. The Group Chief Compliance Officer is 
responsible for overseeing the development and delivery 
of effective training across Aegon with regard to Aegon 
Speak Up.
The Speak Up Policy is designed to support compliance with 
specific legislation and/or regulations. For example, it has 
been aligned with the Dutch Whistleblower Authority Act 
2023, transposing the EU Directive 2019/1937 on 
Whistleblower Protection.
Implementation of the Speak Up Policy is supported by 
specific local and group policies and procedures to manage 
types of misconduct. This Speak Up Policy is publicly 
available on our website.
In addition to Aegon Speak Up, we offer Confidential 
Advisors as an additional channel for employees in 
the Netherlands to raise any type of concern. In 
circumstances that require bypassing Speak Up channels, 
or in case of escalation, the concern can be directly made to 
the chair of the Audit Committee. More information on the 
mechanisms for employees to raise or discuss concerns is 
available in the Human Capital section, under channels to 
raise concerns.
Governance information
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 357

[page 358]
Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy
The Aegon Code of Conduct provides generic guidance on 
the prevention of bribery and corruption (including gifts and 
entertainment). In addition, the Anti-Bribery and Corruption 
(ABC) Policy sets the (Aegon-wide applicable) mandatory 
principles, key requirements, and responsibilities to comply 
with applicable regulations and Aegon’s zero-tolerance 
towards bribery and corruption (IROs 2 and 3). The ABC 
policy provides principles and guidelines to help Aegon 
employees make the right decision. This includes the need 
for compliance with local and international (anti-bribery and 
corruption) laws and regulations. It also sets out key 
principles on the acceptance of gifts and entertainment, 
political or charitable contributions, and the prohibition of 
offering, accepting, or participating in any manner in 
facilitation payments.
Employees are required to complete ABC Policy training 
every two years. Compliance with the policy is assessed 
through the policy attestation program, as indicated by the 
following metric: Proportion of compliance with anti-bribery 
and corruption policy requirements.
Aegon, its employees, and third parties acting on their behalf 
are prohibited from offering, accepting, or participating in 
any manner in facilitation payments. A facilitation payment 
is a payment made to a public or government official to 
incentivize the official to complete a specific action or 
process expeditiously, to the benefit of the payer. In some 
countries, these payments are permitted and expected, 
whereas in other countries, facilitating payments is 
prohibited by law. In any circumstance, Aegon and Aegon 
employees are not permitted be involved in any way in 
facilitation payments.
Local business units regularly monitor the Gift and 
Entertainment register to identify issues, assess trends, 
and review the reasonableness and appropriateness of 
recorded items. Any issue identified is reported to local 
management.
Third-party standards and initiatives referenced in this policy 
are the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and the 
United Kingdom Bribery Act.
Conflict of Interest Policy
The Aegon Conflict of Interest Policy defines the principles 
regarding the management of (potential or perceived) 
conflicts of interest. The policy provides guidelines to help 
Aegon employees recognize potential conflicts of interest 
and how to handle them (IROs 2 and 3). Conflict of interest 
attestation (training) is mandatory for all Aegon employees 
every two years (annually where required for local 
compliance). Moreover, there is a mandatory conflict-of- 
interest training for new employees. This policy applies to 
employees in all Aegon business units. Compliance with the 
policy is assessed through the policy attestation program 
as indicated by the following metric: the proportion of 
compliance with conflict-of-interest policy requirements.
Financial Crime policies
Aegon has put policy requirements in place to manage and 
mitigate the risks of involvement in money laundering and 
terrorist financing, as well as any fraudulent activities, and to 
ensure compliance with applicable sanctions requirements 
(IROs 2 and 3). Within some of these policies third-party 
standards and initiatives are referenced, including the FATF 
Recommendations 2012 and relevant local regulations.
a. The Group Anti-Money Laundering & Counter Terrorist 
Financing Policy (AML & CTF) is designed to protect the  
organization, its products, and services from being exploited 
by criminals to launder proceeds from illegal activities, 
including tax evasion, and from being used to finance 
terrorist activities.
b. The Group Anti-Fraud Policy aims to protect Aegon’s 
and clients’ assets from fraudulent behavior of clients, 
business partners, employees, or any other external entity 
or individual.
c. The Group Sanctions Policy aims to safeguard Aegon’s 
organization, products, and services from being used for 
prohibited transactions and to evade, avoid, or otherwise 
circumvent sanctions. Third-party standards and initiatives 
referenced in this policy include sanctions regulations 
issued by the European Union, United Nations, United States 
of America, the Netherlands, Bermuda, and the United 
Kingdom.
Employees are required to take training courses on the 
above policies at least every two years.
Policies for suppliers
Aegon has also implemented policy requirements to 
manage and mitigate risks related to business conduct 
by its suppliers.
The Global Procurement Policy aims to define the 
minimum requirements and establish the standards that 
must be adhered to when procuring goods and services or 
engaging third-party vendors and when to involve the local 
procurement department. Adherence to the policy helps to 
ensure Aegon’s active management of its expenditure and 
drive positive impact on revenue, costs, internal controls, 
corporate responsibility, and credit rating, while minimizing 
Aegon’s exposure to risks. This policy applies to all business 
units when contracting third parties to purchase goods and 
services.
Aegon is committed to high standards of business conduct, 
as reflected in the Aegon Code of Conduct, and we expect 
all vendors to adhere to similar good working standards and 
business ethics. The Vendor Code of Conduct, together 
with the terms and conditions of the contract, sets the 
standards for the business relationship between Aegon 
and its vendors.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
358 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 359]
This helps Aegon to manage the most material business 
conduct, social, and environmental risks (also referred to 
as sustainability risks) associated with the procurement of 
goods and services. Aegon asks its vendors to comply with 
the code and assesses their ESG-related performance 
against its standards following a risk-based approach.
Third-party standards and initiatives referenced in this policy 
are the UN Declaration of Human Rights, the UNEP-FI 
Principles for Sustainable Insurance (PSI), the International 
Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International 
Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the 
Principles of Corporate Governance, and the UN Global 
Compact.
Policy or procedure IRO and subtopic linkage1
Senior-level 
accountability for 
implementation Scope
Stakeholders 
considered or 
consulted in 
preparation
Internally or 
externally 
available
Speak Up Policy Protection of 
whistleblowers: 
Impact: 1 
 
Prevention and detection of 
corruption and bribery: 
Risk: 2, 3
Group Chief 
Compliance Officer
All Aegon business 
units and holding. It 
also extends to non- 
employee workers, 
customers, business 
partners, 
shareholders, and 
the general public.
Topic owners from 
the compliance 
community, Risk 
function
Publicly available 
on Aegon's 
website
Code of Conduct Prevention and detection of 
corruption and bribery: 
Risk: 1, 2, 3
Group Chief 
Compliance Officer
All business units 
and holding
Among others, 
Works Council in the 
Netherlands, 
regulators, 
Compliance, 
Communications & 
Brand and Human 
Resources
Publicly available 
on Aegon's 
website
Group Anti-Bribery 
and Corruption 
Policy
Prevention and detection of 
corruption and bribery: 
Risk: 2, 3
Group Chief 
Compliance Officer
All business units, 
holding, and third 
parties acting for or 
on behalf of Aegon
Topic owners from 
within the 
compliance 
community, Risk 
function
Internally 
available on 
Aegon's intranet
Conflict of Interest 
Policy
Prevention and detection of 
corruption and bribery: 
Risk: 2, 3
Group Chief 
Compliance Officer
All business units 
and holding
Topic owners from 
within the 
compliance 
community, Risk 
function
Internally 
available on 
Aegon's intranet
Group Anti-Money 
Laundering and 
Counter-Terrorist 
Financing Policy
Prevention and detection of 
corruption and bribery: 
Risk: 2, 3
Group Chief 
Compliance Officer
All business units 
and holding
Topic owners from 
within the 
compliance 
community, Risk 
function
Internally 
available on 
Aegon's intranet
Group Anti-Fraud 
Policy
Prevention and detection of 
corruption and bribery: 
Risk: 2, 3
Group Chief 
Compliance Officer
All business units 
and holding
Topic owners from 
within the 
compliance 
community, Risk 
function
Internally 
available on 
Aegon's intranet
Group Sanctions 
Policy
Prevention and detection of 
corruption and bribery: 
Risk: 2, 3
Group Chief 
Compliance Officer
All business units 
and holding
Topic owners from 
within the 
compliance 
community, Risk 
function
Internally 
available on 
Aegon's intranet
Global Procurement 
Policy
Prevention and detection of 
corruption and bribery: 
Risk: 2, 3
Head of Enterprise 
Technology
All Aegon business 
units and holding. For 
joint ventures we 
strive to apply similar 
standards.
Procurement and 
Risk function
Internally 
available on 
Aegon's intranet
Vendor Code of 
Conduct
Prevention and detection of 
corruption and bribery: 
Risk: 2, 3
The Board of 
Directors, the 
Executive 
Committee and their 
respective 
committees
Any organization that 
contracts with Aegon 
to supply goods or 
services
Procurement and 
Risk function
Publicly available 
on Aegon's 
website
1 The numbering provided in this table refers to the IROs listed under the heading “Impacts, risks, and opportunities” of this section.
Governance information
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 359

[page 360]
Actions (and resources)
We have implemented key actions throughout the year to 
manage our material impact and risks related to business 
conduct. All these actions are ongoing and, therefore occur 
in the short term. Existing budget and resources from the 
Compliance organization are used for these actions.
Compliance Framework
The Compliance Framework is designed as a life cycle for 
the compliance process. It sets the framework for organizing 
and improving the Compliance function and aligning it with 
its goal of supporting Aegon in meeting stakeholder 
expectations regarding business conduct (IROs 1 - 3). 
The framework’s activities are based on the company’s 
purpose, values, and principles of conduct, as reflected in 
Aegon’s Code of Conduct. This takes the form of a cyclical 
approach to risk identification and mitigation, the 
identification of any occurrences outside the risk appetite, 
and the reporting of both at the group and business unit 
levels.
The effectiveness of the framework is monitored regularly 
to assess compliance with regulations (in the scope of 
the function) and internal policies to establish that integrity 
risks are managed within agreed tolerance levels. 
The Compliance function provides periodic insight into the 
day-to-day operations, key risks and incidents, and the 
function's status and effectiveness. Where necessary, 
Compliance supports the business by reporting on 
investigations and/or providing recommendations for 
remediation or corrective action plans. It also highlights 
lessons to be learned from such corrective actions.
Policy attestation
Aegon manages its policy effectiveness via the Policy 
Attestation Process. This process verifies our business 
operations’ compliance with the specific policy 
requirements (IROs 2 and 3). Non-compliance results in 
a remediation plan, which is monitored and reported on. 
The compliance assessment is performed by the first line 
according to a management approved policy attestation 
cycle and validated by the Risk function.
ACRA
The annual group-wide Systematic Integrity Risk Analysis 
(SIRA) was a requirement under DNB supervision. Under our 
new supervision arrangements with BMA, the SIRA is no 
longer required at a group-wide level and reporting on this 
has been discontinued. However, established processes 
continue in the form of an Annual Compliance Risk 
Assessment (ACRA). The ACRA analyzes Aegon’s 
compliance risks (IROs 2 and 3). Where gaps are found, 
additional measures are put in place. The Compliance 
function designs and maintains a risk-based monitoring plan. 
The objective of the monitoring plan is to assess our 
business operations’ level of compliance with applicable 
laws and regulations and internal compliance policies to 
establish that integrity risks are managed within tolerance 
levels.
Training and awareness program
Aegon places significant emphasis on training and 
awareness programs to combat corruption and bribery. 
All employees are required to complete mandatory training 
on the ABC Policy to support their understanding of the 
policy's responsibilities and principles (IROs 2 and 3). Senior 
management is responsible for developing and conducting 
these training sessions, setting the appropriate tone at the 
top, and fostering an open environment for discussing 
potential violations. These training programs are periodically 
reviewed and updated to remain relevant and effective. 
By equipping employees with the necessary knowledge and 
awareness, Aegon aims to mitigate risks and ensure 
compliance with anti-corruption and anti-bribery standards 
and related policies.
The Compliance function creates and executes a structured 
compliance training and awareness program to provide 
knowledge and awareness on Business Conduct topics, 
as deemed relevant and necessary. The program's content 
is determined following an annual review by Group 
Compliance and subject matter experts (for example from 
Data Privacy and Information Security) of a range of 
considerations, including the regulatory landscape, ACRA 
results, regulatory and audit findings, and compliance 
incidents. The training and awareness program is undertaken 
by new and existing employees. Training is delivered 
through the global e-learning tool, Absorb, and/or through 
local Compliance communication and training channels. 
The scope of the training and awareness program is Aegon- 
wide, with supporting business unit or audience-specific 
elements, on a risk-based basis.
In addition, as part of the annual Code of Conduct attestation 
process, all employees must confirm that they have read, 
understood, and will comply with the Code of Conduct. 
For new employees, this Code of Conduct attestation is part 
of the onboarding process.
The Compliance function monitors the completion and 
effectiveness of the training and awareness program. 
This is accomplished by setting a specific learning objective 
for each training course to ensure the training materials 
include the fundamental concepts and key policy 
requirements. Furthermore, high completion rates are set for 
mandatory training (minimum 95%), and participants need to 
answer a set of relevant questions to test their knowledge 
with a high pass rate of 80% or more.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
360 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 361]
Bribery, corruption, and fraud incident reporting
Aegon has implemented a comprehensive approach to 
prevent and detect corruption and bribery incidents (IROs 2 
and 3). This includes a zero-tolerance approach to bribery 
and corruption, covering both active and passive forms. 
The ABC Policy outlines general rules, key principles 
regarding gifts and entertainment, and an approval process 
for such activities. Local business units are required to 
regularly monitor the Gift and Entertainment register to 
identify issues and assess trends. Internal escalation 
procedures are in place to report suspicions or attempts 
of bribery or corruption. These measures, combined with 
robust systems and processes, help Aegon proactively 
identify and address potential corruption incidents, thereby 
reducing the risk of misconduct and helping to build and 
maintain trust in the financial sector.
Identified bribery, corruption, or fraud issues are reported 
to (local) management. Speak up provides an independent 
channel, which includes a third-party service provider 
separate from the chain of management, through which 
bribery, corruption, or fraud issues can also be reported. 
Senior Management is responsible for taking appropriate 
action when breaches are identified. This includes 
immediately reporting breaches and ensuring the necessary 
steps are taken to address them. Procedures are in place 
to escalate issues, as necessary, assess the circumstances 
and consider reporting to regulatory authorities. Reporting to 
law enforcement agencies occurs if there is a suspicion of 
a criminal offence.
Key performance indicator(s) and target(s)
The measurement of the effectiveness of our policies and 
actions to address all IROs related to business conduct is 
complemented by the KPI “Proportion of all employees who 
completed the Code of Conduct attestation.” Employees 
refer to Aegon's direct employees. Group Compliance sets 
the 95% target. The target allows a margin for employees 
who cannot complete the training on time, for example, due 
to maternity or (long-term) illness leave.
This KPI is measured annually. Progress toward the target 
is reviewed within each business unit, and results are 
submitted to Group Compliance.
Overall results are reported to the GSB at least annually. 
Action plans are created in case progress falls behind 
target.
The KPI and target mentioned above specifically address 
ABC training. We also monitor the resolution of incidents 
of corruption and bribery, including the protection of 
whistleblowers. However, we have not set a target for 
these sustainability matters.
Metrics
The following list of metrics, including the KPI presented 
above, provides insights into the progress made in managing 
our IROs.
The metrics are either mandatory ESRS disclosures or 
Aegon-specific.
KPI(s) Target for 2025 Performance in 2025 Target for 2026
Proportion of employees who completed the Code of Conduct 
attestation
95% 100% 95%
unit 2025 2024 %
Prevention and detection of corruption and bribery, including 
whistleblower protection
Proportion of employees who completed the Code of Conduct 
attestation % 100% 98% 2pp
Proportion of compliance with anti-bribery policy requirements % 100% 100% 0pp
Proportion of compliance with conflict of interest policy requirements % 97% 97% 0pp
Fraudulent activity
Incidents - bribery or corruption nr - - 0%
Incidents of bribery or corruption - number of convictions nr - - 0%
Incidents of bribery or corruption - value of fines EURm - - 0%
Incidents - fraud nr 3,846 711 441%
Employees % - - 0pp
Intermediaries % 1% 7% (5pp)
Third parties % 99% 93% 5pp
n.a. – not applicable; n.m. – not measured; pp - percentage points
Governance information
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 361

[page 362]
Supplementary explanation
Incidents fraud
We have observed an increase in number of external fraud 
cases primarily driven by an increase in account takeover 
attempts. While the volume of fraud cases has grown, 
confirmed fraud incidents and associated financial loss is 
low, as controls have been enhanced which detect and 
prevent more cases before loss is incurred. Of the fraud 
cases recorded in 2025, 90% did not result in a loss. Just 
0.25% of the cases fell into the most significant category 
(between EUR 100,000 and EUR 5 million) and the total 
losses in this category were under EUR 1.5 million.
Methodology
This section outlines the methodologies used to calculate 
the metrics in the tables above.
The proportion of employees who completed the Code 
of Conduct attestation covers all direct employees of 
Aegon Ltd. and its subsidiaries. In previous years, only the 
proportion of new employees was reported. The reason for 
the change is that the Code of Conduct attestation has 
always been applicable for all direct employees. 
By adjusting the reporting scope to include all direct 
employees, we align it with the attestation's actual scope. 
The 2024 figure based on the new scope is 99%. We have 
not revised the 2024 figure in the table above, due to the low 
impact of the change.
The proportion of compliance with policy requirements 
reflects business units’ adherence to the specific 
requirements of those policies. Where there is not full 
compliance, this does not necessarily indicate a breach of 
the overall policy, for example in minor breaches or where 
units are granted some implementation time. All breaches 
do require a remediation action plan. The compliance 
assessment is performed by the first line according to 
a management-approved policy attestation cycle and 
validated by the Risk function.
Incidents of bribery or corruption include incidents 
conducted by employees. Incidents still under investigation 
at the end of the reporting period are excluded. The number 
of convictions reflects the number of cases in which Aegon 
or the employee who committed the bribery or corruption 
has been convicted.
Incidents of fraud reflect the total number of fraud attempts 
by employees, intermediaries, and third parties (including 
customers) that are confirmed as fraud. Incidents still under 
investigation at the end of the reporting period are excluded.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
362 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 363]
EU Taxonomy
Regulation
The EU Taxonomy Regulation was adopted by the 
European Union in 2021 and is one of the cornerstones 
of the EU Action Plan on financing sustainable growth. 
The EU Taxonomy is a classification system to define 
environmentally sustainable economic activities. Article 8 
of the EU Taxonomy Regulation requires companies to 
report how and to what extent their activities are associated 
with economic activities that qualify as environmentally 
sustainable. EU Taxonomy is based on the following criteria, 
as further described in the regulation and subsequent acts:
For each of the six environmental objectives, delegated acts 
were adopted at the EU level.
Disclosure requirements
The European Commission adopted a phased-in approach 
to give companies more time to comply with the EU 
Taxonomy disclosure requirements. For the first time this 
year, the reporting covers taxonomy eligibility and taxonomy 
alignment for all environmental objectives. Pursuant to the 
EU Taxonomy amendments (EU 2026/73) proposed on July 
4, 2025 and published in January 2026, Aegon has decided 
to report on EU Taxonomy based on the simplified set of 
disclosures for insurance undertakings.
We acknowledge Frequently Asked Question (FAQ) 7 from 
the additional interpretative guidance issued by European 
Commission in its 8 November 2024 Commission Notice C/ 
2024/6691, which outlines an expectation that the entities 
should report consolidated EU Taxonomy KPIs of their 
respective business segments. We note, however, that this 
expectation originates from the FAQ and is not explicitly 
required under the applicable Delegated Act.
Given the ambiguity between the Delegated Act and the 
FAQs, we have assessed the applicability of this 
requirement to our business model. As our Group is 
predominantly an insurance provider, we continue to apply 
the reporting framework and templates designed for 
insurance undertakings and do not implement the Asset 
Management template.
“Taxonomy-eligible” means that an economic activity is 
described in one of the delegated acts mentioned above, 
irrespective of whether that economic activity meets any 
or all of the technical screening criteria laid down in those 
delegated acts to qualify as sustainable. “Taxonomy aligned” 
means that an eligible economic activity meets the technical 
screening criteria while not significantly harming the 
remaining environmental objectives and meeting the 
minimum social safeguards to qualify as sustainable.
Scope of assets and activities covered 
by the EU Taxonomy disclosures
Investments
To calculate the proportion of taxonomy-eligible and 
taxonomy-aligned investments, the total of covered 
investments is used as the denominator, which includes 
our general account investments, investments for accounts 
of policyholders (also called separate account investments), 
and real estate for own use. Similar to the previous year, 
exposures to central governments, central banks, and 
supranational issuers are excluded from the covered 
assets (denominator).
Following the amendments of July 4, 2025, additional 
asset classes for which it is not possible to carry out the 
assessment of taxonomy-eligibility or taxonomy-alignment 
are excluded from the covered assets. These asset classes 
include exposures in cash and cash equivalents, on-demand 
bank loans, and derivatives. Also, investees that are not 
within the scope of mandatory sustainability reporting 
under Articles 19a or 29a of Directive 2013/34/EU are now 
excluded from the covered assets. This refers to small- and 
medium-sized companies, non-public interest companies 
based in the EU, and non-EU-based companies. Aegon will 
not use the option to voluntarily report taxonomy alignment 
for these entities because data coverage is very low and, as 
a result, the information is less meaningful.
The disclosure in the EU Taxonomy alignment table relating 
to exposure to other covered counterparties and real estate 
assets includes mortgage loans, real estate, and real estate 
for own use. These are European non-listed investments in 
scope for CSRD. 
We have included the key taxonomy-alignment figures of 
2024 in a separate table. However, due to the use of the 
revised template, the inclusion of four additional 
environmental objectives, and the change in definition of 
covered assets, the EU Taxonomy metrics presented in the 
2025 table below cannot be compared with previous year.
Investments managed on behalf of third-party clients are not 
in the scope of our EU Taxonomy reporting, as explained in 
the Basis of presentation section.
Substantially contributing to one of the six EU 
environmental objectives:
a.
Climate change mitigation1.
Climate change adaptation2.
Sustainable use and protection of water and marine 
resources
3.
Transition to a circular economy4.
Pollution prevention and control5.
Protection and restoration of biodiversity and 
ecosystems
6.
Doing no significant harm to any of the other objectives, 
and
b.
Meeting minimum safeguards.c.
EU Taxonomy Regulation
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 363

[page 364]
Own activities
As Aegon the Netherlands was divested in 2023, no non-life 
business activities could be classified as eligible or aligned. 
Therefore, this report does not include disclosures related 
to underwriting.
Assumptions and data limitations
For the 2025 disclosures on alignment and eligibility, 
Aegon uses reported information from the underlying 
investee companies to assess eligibility and alignment 
percentages. This information is primarily collected through 
our external data vendor MSCI. Where this data was 
unavailable, we assessed this as non-eligible and non- 
aligned. To determine which investees are obliged to publish 
mandatory sustainability reporting pursuant to Articles 19a 
or 29a of Directive 2013/34/EU, we also use actual 
information provided by the vendor. Where this data is 
unavailable, but we know the place of domicile, we have 
determined that investees outside the EU are not obliged to 
publish mandatory sustainability reporting. When none of 
this information was available, we intentionally left it blank 
and kept it in scope of the covered assets. Also, where data 
were unavailable to split the alignment between transitional 
and enabling activities, we left the field blank. As a result, the 
sum of transitional and enabling is lower than the total 
alignment percentage and value. The investments in our EU 
Taxonomy disclosures include accrued interest and are 
valued according to their IFRS Book Value. The data 
coverage from MSCI is 72% (2024: 71%).
Assessing the eligibility and alignment of investment funds 
and other covered counterparties and real estate assets is 
more difficult due to the heavy reliance on external asset 
managers to provide relevant sustainability information. 
Aegon uses a look-through approach for investment funds, 
which entails assessing the eligibility and alignment of the 
underlying investments in these funds. Reported data 
collected by an external data vendor is used for listed funds. 
For unlisted funds and other covered counterparties and 
real estate assets, Aegon performs its own due diligence. As 
a result of data limitations, the data coverage of these 
investments is insignificant. Unlisted funds are mainly 
applicable for investments for the account of 
policyholders. If the information of a fund or underlying 
investments is not available to make the assessment, we set 
the eligibility and alignment percentage to zero. 
The amendments of July 4, 2025, allow companies to 
exclude certain exposures from the alignment assessment. 
These exposures are specified in the table below and 
include:
 
Exposures financing non-assessed non-material activities 
of counterparties. These are exposures that 
counterparties consider non-material and were not 
assessed by them. Since this is the first year that 
companies are reporting on this, the data will not be 
available for 2025 and, therefore, Aegon reports zero.
 
Exposures financing counterparties reporting in 
accordance with Article 7(9) of Directive 2025/4568/EU. 
These are exposures to investee companies that use the 
temporary opt-out provision and do not claim to finance or 
invest in economic activities associated with 
environmentally sustainable economic activities. Since 
this is the first year that companies are reporting on this, 
the data for this category will also not be available for 
2025, and, therefore, Aegon reports zero.
 
Non-assessed exposures considered non-material by the 
reporting entity. These are exposures that financial entities 
consider non-material for up to 10% of covered assets for 
which use of proceeds is known. Aegon does not make use 
of the option to exclude these assets from the 
assessment. 
Description of the compliance with Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852 in the financial entity’s business 
strategy, product design processes, and 
engagement with clients and counterparties
Our sustainability governance aims to strengthen our 
sustainability approach and embed sustainability across 
the business. Sustainability is a key element of delivering 
on our purpose. Our approach to sustainability is overseen 
by the Board of Directors. Our 2025 DMA identified four 
material topics, of which one (Climate change) aligns with 
the EU Taxonomy objectives of climate change mitigation 
and adaptation. For our specific processes and engagement 
activities addressing climate change, see the Climate 
change section of the Sustainability statement. To view our 
sustainability reporting, see our Sustainability statement.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
364 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 365]
EU Taxonomy eligibility and alignment 2025 - Investments 
% of AUM Absolute value 
(EUR million)
Total Assets under management (AUM) 100% 287,496
Assets covered by the KPI 50.9% 146,250
% of covered assets 
-Turnover based
% of covered assets 
- CapEx based
Taxonomy eligible 4.80% 5.41%
Nuclear activities 0.03% 0.03%
Fossil gas activities 0.12% 0.04%
Taxonomy aligned 0.91% 1.42%
Undertakings subject to Article 19a and 29a of Directive 2013/34/EU 0.91% 1.42%
of which Non-financial undertakings 0.23% 0.35%
of which Financial undertakings 0.69% 1.07%
Other covered counterparties and real estate assets - -
Investments other than investments held in respect of life insurance contracts where the 
investment risk is borne by the policyholders 0.14% 0.20%
Exposures included on a voluntary basis n.m. n.m.
Transitional activities 0.07% 0.10%
Enabling activities 0.63% 0.81%
Nuclear activities 0.07% 0.16%
Fossil gas activities 0.48% 0.04%
Taxonomy aligned per objective % of covered assets 
-Turnover based
% of covered assets 
- CapEx based
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM) 0.85% 1.38%
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA) 0.01% 0.02%
Water and marine resources (WTR) 0.00% 0.00%
Circular economy (CE) 0.04% 0.02%
Pollution (PPC) 0.00% 0.00%
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO) 0.00% 0.00%
Non-assessed exposures % of covered assets Absolute value 
(EUR million)
Exposures financing non-assessed non-material activities of 
counterparties - -
Exposures financing counterparties reporting in accordance with Article 
7(9) of Directive 2025/4568/EU - -
Non-assessed exposures considered non-material by the reporting entity - -
Breakdown of covered assets % of covered assets Absolute value 
(EUR million)
Undertakings subject to Article 19a and 29a of Directive 2013/34/EU 50.87% 146,250
of which Non-financial undertakings 2.77% 4,053
of which Financial undertakings 97.23% 142,196
Other covered counterparties and real estate assets 1.32% 3,807
Investments other than investments held in respect of life insurance contracts where the 
investment risk is borne by the policy holders 3.11% 4,556
Exposures included on a voluntary basis - -
n.m. – not measured
EU Taxonomy Regulation
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 365

[page 366]
EU Taxonomy alignment 2024 - Investments
EU Taxonomy alignment  20241
Percentage of 
investments 
covered
Absolute value 
(EUR million)
The weighted average value of all the 
investments of insurance or reinsurance 
undertakings that are directed at funding, or are 
associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic 
activities relative to the value of total assets 
covered by the KPI, with the following weights 
for investments in undertakings per below:
The weighted average value of all the 
investments of insurance or reinsurance 
undertakings that are directed at funding, or 
are associated with Taxonomy-aligned 
economic activities, with following weights for 
investments in undertakings per below:
Turnover-based: 0.31% Turnover-based: 832
Capital expenditures-based: 0.50% Capital expenditures-based: 1,340
The percentage of assets covered by the KPI 
relative to total investments of insurance or 
reinsurance undertakings (total AuM). Excluding 
investments in sovereign entities.
The monetary value of assets covered by the 
KPI. Excluding investments in sovereign 
entities.
Coverage ratio: 91% Coverage: 269,834
1 EU Taxonomy alignment for two environmental objectives: climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
366 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 367]
ESRS disclosure requirements
ESRS disclosure requirements covered by Aegon’s Sustainability statement
The table below includes a list of the ESRS disclosure requirements that are applicable to Aegon given the outcome 
of the double materiality assessment and covered in the Sustainability statement. The references are linked to the pages 
and/or paragraphs where the related disclosures can be found. In addition to the disclosure requirements listed below, 
a number of ESRS disclosure requirements and/or data points are disclosed elsewhere in this Annual Report. Please see 
the "Incorporation by reference" table on the next page for these disclosures.
ESRS Disclosure requirement (covered by the 
Sustainability statement)
Reference
ESRS 2 BP-1 Basis of preparation
ESRS 2 BP-2 (10, 11, 13, 14) Basis of preparation - Specific circumstances
ESRS 2 BP-2 (16) ESRS Disclosure Requirements - Incorporation by reference table
ESRS 2 GOV-1 (22) Governance - Aegon's sustainability governance
ESRS 2 GOV-2 Governance - Aegon's sustainability governance
ESRS 2 GOV-4 Governance - Due diligence
ESRS 2 GOV-5 (specific to sustainability reporting) Governance - Risk management and internal controls over sustainability reporting
ESRS 2 SBM-1 (40a iii) Human capital - Metrics table
ESRS 2 SBM-1 (42c) Basis of preparation - Value chain
ESRS 2 SBM-2 Impact, risk, and opportunity management - Stakeholder engagement
ESRS 2 SBM-3 (except 48e) Impacts, risks, and opportunities' sections of: 
Climate change 
Human capital 
Business conduct 
Customers - Data privacy 
Customers - Responsible marketing practices 
Customers - Financial empowerment
ESRS 2 SBM-3 48f Climate change - Assessment of anticipated financial effects and resilience
ESRS 2 SBM-3 48g Basis of preparation - Specific circumstances - Change in preparation or presentation
ESRS 2 IRO-1 Impact, risk, and opportunity management - Double materiality assessment process
ESRS 2 IRO-2 56 ESRS Disclosure Requirements - ESRS disclosure requirements covered by Aegon’s Sustainability 
statement
ESRS 2 IRO-2 56 ESRS Disclosure Requirements - Data points derived from other EU legislation
ESRS 2 IRO-2 59 Impact, risk, and opportunity management - Double materiality assessment process
ESRS E1-1 to E1-6; E1-9 Climate change
ESRS E1 ESRS 2 GOV-3 Climate change - Climate-linked remuneration
ESRS E1 ESRS 2 SBM-3 Climate change - Impacts, risks, and opportunities 
Climate change - Assessment of anticipated financial effects and resilience
ESRS E1 ESRS 2 IRO-1 Climate change - Impact, risk, and opportunity management - Double materiality assessment process 
Climate change - Assessment of anticipated financial effects and resilience
ESRS E1 ESRS 2 MDR-P Climate change - Policies, procedures, and commitments
ESRS E1 ESRS 2 MDR-A Climate change - Actions (and resources)
ESRS E1 ESRS 2 MDR-M Climate change - Metrics
ESRS E1 ESRS 2 MDR-T Climate change - Key performance indicator(s) and target(s)
ESRS E2 ESRS 2 IRO-1 Impact, risk, and opportunity management - DMA results
ESRS E3 ESRS 2 IRO-1 Impact, risk, and opportunity management - DMA results
ESRS E4 ESRS 2 SBM-3 Impact, risk, and opportunity management - DMA results
ESRS E4 ESRS 2 IRO-1 Impact, risk, and opportunity management - DMA results
ESRS E5 ESRS 2 IRO-1 Impact, risk, and opportunity management - DMA results
ESRS S1-1 to S1-11; S1-13; S1-15 to S1-17 Human capital
ESRS S1 ESRS 2 SBM-2 Impact, risk, and opportunity management - Stakeholder engagement
ESRS S1 ESRS 2 SBM-3 Human capital - Impacts, risks, and opportunities
ESRS S1 ESRS 2 MDR-P Human capital - Policies and procedures
ESRS S1 ESRS 2 MDR-A Human capital - Actions (and resources)
ESRS S1 ESRS 2 MDR-M Human capital - Metrics
ESRS S1 ESRS 2 MDR-T Human capital - Key performance indicator(s) and target(s)
ESRS G1-1; G1-3; G1-4 Business conduct
ESRS G1 ESRS 2 GOV-1 Governance - Aegon's sustainability governance
ESRS G1 ESRS 2 IRO-1 Business conduct - Impact, risk, and opportunity management - Double materiality assessment process
ESRS G1 ESRS 2 MDR-P Business conduct - Policies and procedures
ESRS G1 ESRS 2 MDR-A Business conduct - Actions (and resources)
ESRS G1 ESRS 2 MDR-M Business conduct - Metrics
ESRS G1 ESRS 2 MDR-T Business conduct - Key performance indicator(s) and target(s)
ESRS S4-1 to S4-5 Customers 
Data privacy 
Responsible marketing practices 
Financial empowerment
ESRS S4 ESRS 2 SBM-2 Impact, risk, and opportunity management - Stakeholder engagement
ESRS S4 ESRS 2 SBM-3 Customers - Impacts, risks, and opportunities sections of: 
Data privacy 
Responsible marketing practices 
Financial empowerment
ESRS S4 ESRS 2 MDR-P Customers - Policies and procedures sections of: 
Data privacy 
Responsible marketing practices 
Financial empowerment
ESRS Disclosure Requirements
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 367

[page 368]
ESRS Disclosure requirement (covered by the 
Sustainability statement)
Reference
ESRS S4 ESRS 2 MDR-A Customers - Actions (and resources) sections of: 
Data privacy 
Responsible marketing practices 
Financial empowerment
ESRS S4 ESRS 2 MDR-M Customers - Metrics sections of: 
Data privacy 
Responsible marketing practices 
Financial empowerment
ESRS S4 ESRS 2 MDR-T Customers - Key performance indicator(s) and target(s) sections of: 
Data privacy 
Responsible marketing practices 
Financial empowerment
EU Taxonomy/Art.8 EU Taxonomy
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
368 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 369]
Incorporation by reference
In our Sustainability statement we use the option to incorporate information by referring to other parts of this Annual 
Report. The table below includes an overview of disclosure requirements that are referenced.
ESRS disclosure requirement (covered outside the Sustainability Statement) Reference
Governance
ESRS 2 
GOV-1
The role of the administrative, management, and supervisory bodies (19, 
21, 22, 23)
Chapter Corporate governance - section Sustainability 
governance; 
Section Composition of the Executive Committee and 
Board of Directors and the related composition table in 
the Report of the Board of Directors; 
The Governance and Sustainability section within the 
Report of the Board of Directors and the section 
Nomination and Governance Committee
ESRS 2 
GOV-3
Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive schemes 
(29a to 29e)
The 2025 Executive Director Remuneration Report - 
section Executive Director Remuneration Policy in 2025, 
and all sub-sections of Short-term incentive; 
Section Calculation of 2025 short-term incentive which 
includes a description and weighting of the performance 
indicators in the respective tables
ESRS 2 
GOV-5
Risk management and internal controls over sustainability reporting - 
focused on the wider ERM framework (36b to 36e)
Chapter Risk management - section Risk identification 
and risk assessment, section Risk monitoring and 
reporting, and section Emerging risk scan; 
Chapter Risk management - section Sustainability risk; 
Chapter Risk management - section Risk governance 
framework and section Governance structure including 
all sub-sections
Strategy, business model and value chain
ESRS 2 
SBM-1
Description of significant products and services (40a(i)) Additional information - Overview per BU - sections 
Overview of sales and distribution channels and 
Overview of business lines (Overview of Americas, 
Overview of United Kingdom, Overview of International 
and Overview of Aegon Asset Management)
ESRS 2 
SBM-1
Description of significant markets and/or customer groups (40a(ii)) Additional information - Overview per BU (Overview of 
Americas, Overview of United Kingdom, Overview of 
International and Overview of Aegon Asset Management)
ESRS 2 
SBM-1
Description of sustainability-related goals, significant products and/or 
services, and significant markets and customer group and the elements 
of the entity's strategy that relate to or impact sustainability matters 
(40e to 40g)
Chapter Creating sustainable value - all sections within 
Creating sustainable value for our stakeholders
ESRS 2 
SBM-1
Aegon's inputs and its approach to gathering, developing, and securing 
those inputs (42a)
Chapter Creating sustainable value - section How we 
create value for our stakeholders
ESRS 2 
SBM-1
Aegon's outputs and outcomes in terms of current and expected 
benefits for customers, investors and other stakeholders (42b)
Chapter Creating sustainable value - section How we 
create value for our stakeholders
Process to identify and assess material impacts, risks and 
opportunities
ESRS 2 
IRO-1
How Aegon prioritizes sustainability-related risks relative to other types 
of risks, including its use of risk-assessment tools (53c(iii))
Chapter Risk Management - section Sustainability risk
ESRS 2 
IRO-1
The extent to which and how the process to identify, assess and manage 
impacts, risks and opportunities is integrated into Aegon's overall risk 
management process and used to evaluate Aegon’s overall risk profile 
and risk management processes (53e, 53f)
Chapter Risk management - section Risk identification 
and risk assessment, section Risk monitoring and 
reporting, section Emerging risk scan, and section 
Sustainability risk
Business conduct
ESRS 2 
GOV-1 
(G1)
The role of the administrative, management, and supervisory bodies 
related to business conduct (5)
Chapter Corporate governance - section Sustainability 
governance; 
Section Composition of the Board and Executive 
Committee; 
The Governance and Sustainability section within the 
Report of the Board of Directors and the section 
Nomination and Governance Committee
ESRS Disclosure Requirements
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 369

[page 370]
Phased-in and omissions
For certain disclosure requirements, ESRS allows for a phased-in approach when it is impracticable to prepare the 
disclosures. An overview of disclosures in which Aegon uses the phased-in approach is presented in the table below. 
This table aligns with the amended transitional provisions adopted by the European Commission in 2025 ("Quick Fix" 
Delegated Regulation). Aegon did not use the option to omit classified or sensitive information or information relating to 
intellectual property, know-how, or results of innovation. Aegon did not use the exception to disclose impending 
developments or matters in the course of negotiations, as provided for in articles 19a(3) and 29a(3) of Directive 2013/34/EU.
ESRS Disclosure 
requirement
Specific 
disclosure
Status Aegon Reason to (partially) 
exclude information
Action plan Expected 
year of 
(full) 
disclosure
ESRS 2 SBM-1 - 
40b
A breakdown of 
total revenue, as 
included in its 
financial 
statements, by 
significant ESRS 
sectors.
No progress. Aegon does 
already provide segment 
reporting as required by 
IFRS 8 Operating 
segments in the financial 
statements (note 5).
The European 
Commission has not yet 
finalized the ESRS sector 
classification, and this 
disclosure requirement is 
deferred until the 
European Commission 
publishes a Delegated Act 
setting the application 
date. Therefore, Aegon is 
not required to report on 
this.
Aegon is waiting for the 
final ESRS simplification 
package.
N/A
ESRS 2 SBM-3 - 
48e
The anticipated 
financial effects of 
the undertaking’s 
material risks and 
opportunities on its 
financial position, 
financial 
performance and 
cash flows over 
the short, medium, 
and long term, 
including the 
reasonably 
expected time 
horizons for those 
effects.
Aegon has improved its 
DMA by taking a data 
driven and evidence 
based approach to assess 
material IROs. Although 
Aegon uses quantitative 
input in some areas, it is 
not able to quantify the 
anticipated financial 
effects on its financial 
position.
ESRS allows to omit this 
information for financial 
years 2025 and 2026.
Aegon will periodically 
review and update the 
data used to assess its 
material IROs. Based on 
this, Aegon will further 
enhance its narrative of 
anticipated financial 
effects and, where 
possible, quantify the 
impact on its financial 
position.
2027
S1-13 Training and 
skills development 
metrics
The average 
number of training 
hours per 
employee and by 
gender.
Aegon discloses the 
average number of 
training hours per 
employee, but not the split 
per gender.
ESRS allows to omit this 
information for financial 
years 2025 and 2026.
Aegon is waiting for the 
final ESRS simplification 
package. In the current 
draft proposal, the gender 
split for training hours is 
not required.
N/A
E1-4 34a Targets 
related to climate 
change mitigation 
and 
adaptation
GHG emission 
reduction targets 
shall be disclosed 
in absolute value 
(either in tCO e or 
as a percentage of 
the emissions of a 
base year) and, 
where relevant, in 
intensity value.
2
Aegon set reduction 
targets for the investment 
portfolio (scope 3) based 
on intensity value, which is 
in line with market 
practice within the 
financial industry.
Target setting based on 
absolute value is 
considered less 
meaningful for financial 
institutions. Aegon applies 
the phased-in option to 
exclude information for 
financial years 2025 and 
2026 (also referring to 
ESRS 1 - 10.2, specifically 
paragraph 133a).
Aegon is waiting for the 
final ESRS simplification 
package. In the current 
draft proposal, financial 
institutions are exempted 
from disclosing absolute 
values for their scope 3, 
category 15 emission 
intensity targets.
2027
E1-9 Anticipated 
financial effects 
from material 
physical 
and transition risks 
and potential 
climate-related 
opportunities
Anticipated 
financial 
effects from 
material 
physical and 
transition 
risks and potential 
climate-related 
opportunities.
Aegon discloses a 
qualitative analysis of 
climate change effects. 
Refer to the "Assessment 
of anticipated financial 
effects and resilience" in 
the "Climate change" 
section. 
Further, Aegon includes 
Total carrying amount of 
real estate assets by 
energy efficiency classes 
(ESRS E1-9, 67b) in the 
metrics table under the 
"Climate change" section.
Aegon takes a phased 
approach for the full 
implementation of this 
requirement as more 
market data will become 
available in the coming 
years. ESRS allows to omit 
this information for 
financial years 2025 and 
2026.
Aegon will continue to 
monitor data availability to 
fulfill this disclosure 
requirement in the coming 
years.
2027
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
370 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 371]
Data points derived from other EU legislation
The following table includes data points derived from other EU legislation. For each data point, it is specified which EU 
regulation is applicable, if the data point is material for Aegon and where the information can be found in the Annual Report, 
if material.
Relevant EU legislation
SFDR 
reference
Pillar 3 
reference
Benchmark 
Regulation 
reference
EU 
Climate 
Law 
reference
Material 
for 
Aegon Reference
ESRS 2 GOV-1 Board's gender diversity, paragraph 
21(d)
Yes N/A Yes N/A Yes Report of the Board of 
Directors - Table 
included in the 
Composition of the 
Board section
ESRS 2 GOV-1 Percentage of board members who are 
independent, paragraph 21(e)
N/A N/A Yes N/A Yes Report of the Board of 
Directors - Table 
included in the 
Composition of the 
Board section
ESRS 2 GOV-4 Statement on due diligence, paragraph 
32
Yes N/A N/A N/A Yes Governance - Due 
diligence
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Involvement in activities related to fossil 
fuel activities, paragraph 40(d)i
Yes Yes Yes N/A No N/A
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Involvement in activities related to 
chemical production, paragraph 40(d)ii
Yes N/A Yes N/A No N/A
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Involvement in activities related to 
controversial weapons, paragraph 40(d)iii
Yes N/A Yes N/A No N/A
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Involvement in activities related to 
cultivation and production of tobacco, paragraph 
40(d)iv
N/A N/A Yes N/A No N/A
ESRS E1-1 Transition plan to reach climate neutrality 
by 2050, paragraph 14
N/A N/A N/A Yes Yes Climate change - 
Actions (and resources)
ESRS E1-1 Undertakings excluded from Paris-aligned 
Benchmarks, paragraph 16(g)
N/A Yes Yes N/A No N/A
ESRS E1-4 GHG emission reduction targets, 
paragraph 34
Yes Yes Yes N/A Yes Climate change - Key 
performance 
indicator(s) and target(s)
ESRS E1-5 Energy consumption from fossil sources 
disaggregated by sources (only high climate impact 
sectors), paragraph 38
Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS E1-5 Energy consumption and mix, paragraph 37a Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS E1-5 Energy intensity associated with activities in 
high climate impact sectors, paragraphs 40 to 43
Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS E1-6 Gross scope 1, 2 and 3 and Total GHG 
emissions, paragraph 44
Yes Yes Yes N/A Yes Climate change - 
Metrics
ESRS E1-6 Gross GHG emissions intensity, paragraphs 
53 to 55
Yes Yes Yes N/A Yes Climate change - 
Metrics
ESRS E1-7 GHG removals and carbon credits, 
paragraph 56
N/A N/A N/A Yes No N/A
ESRS E1-9 Exposure of the benchmark portfolio to 
climate-related physical risks, paragraph 66
N/A N/A Yes
N/A Yes Phased-in
ESRS E1-9 Disaggregation of monetary amounts by 
acute and chronic physical risk paragraph 66 (a) 
ESRS E1-9 Location of significant assets at material 
physical risk, paragraph 66(c).
N/A Yes N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS E1-9 Breakdown of the carrying value of its real 
estate assets by energy-efficiency classes, paragraph 
67(c).
N/A Yes N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS E1-9 Degree of exposure of the portfolio to 
climate-related opportunities, paragraph 69
N/A N/A Yes N/A No N/A
ESRS E2-4 Amount of each pollutant listed in Annex II of 
the E PRTR Regulation (European Pollutant Release and 
Transfer Register) emitted to air, water and soil, 
paragraph 28
Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS E3-1 Water and marine resources, paragraph 9 Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS E3-1 Dedicated policy, paragraph 13 Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS E3-1 Sustainable oceans and seas, paragraph 14 Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS E3-4 Total water recycled and reused, paragraph 
28c
Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS E3-4 Total water consumption in m  per net 
revenue on own operations, paragraph 29
3 Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS 2- SBM 3 - E4, paragraph 16(a) Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS Disclosure Requirements
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 371

[page 372]
Relevant EU legislation
SFDR 
reference
Pillar 3 
reference
Benchmark 
Regulation 
reference
EU 
Climate 
Law 
reference
Material 
for 
Aegon Reference
ESRS 2- SBM 3 - E4, paragraph 16(b) Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS 2- SBM 3 - E4, paragraph 16(c) Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS E4-2 Sustainable land/agriculture practices or 
policies, paragraph 24 (b)
Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS E4-2 Sustainable oceans/seas practices or 
policies, paragraph 24(c)
Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS E4-2 Policies to address deforestation, paragraph 
24(d)
Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS E5-5 Non-recycled waste, paragraph 37(d) Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS E5-5 Hazardous waste and radioactive waste, 
paragraph 39
Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS 2- SBM3 - S1 Risk of incidents of forced labour, 
paragraph 14(f)
Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS 2- SBM3 - S1 Risk of incidents of child labour, 
paragraph 14(g)
Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS S1-1 Human rights policy commitments, 
paragraph 20
Yes N/A N/A N/A Yes Governance - Human 
rights
ESRS S1-1 Due diligence policies on issues addressed 
by the fundamental International Labour Organization 
Conventions 1 to 8, paragraph 21
N/A N/A Yes N/A Yes Governance - Human 
rights
ESRS S1-1 processes and measures for preventing 
trafficking in human beings, paragraph 22
Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS S1-1 workplace accident prevention policy or 
management system, paragraph 23
Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS S1-3 grievance/complaints handling mechanisms, 
paragraph 32(c)
Yes N/A N/A N/A Yes Human Capital - Policies 
and procedures 
(Approach to 
discrimination and 
harassment) 
Human capital - 
Channels to raise 
concern
ESRS S1-14 Number of fatalities and number and rate 
of work-related accidents, paragraph 88(b) and (c)
Yes N/A Yes N/A No N/A
ESRS S1-14 Number of days lost to injuries, accidents, 
fatalities or illness, paragraph 88(e)
Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS S1-16 Unadjusted gender pay gap, paragraph 
97(a)
Yes N/A Yes N/A Yes Human capital - Metrics
ESRS S1-16 Excessive CEO pay ratio, paragraph 97(b) Yes N/A N/A N/A Yes
Human capital - Metrics
ESRS S1-17 Incidents of discrimination, paragraph 
103(a)
Yes N/A N/A N/A Yes Human capital - Metrics
ESRS S1-17 Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and 
Human Rights and OECD Guidelines, paragraph 104(a)
Yes N/A Yes N/A No N/A
ESRS 2- SBM3 – S2 Significant risk of child labour or 
forced labour in the value chain, paragraph 11(b)
Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS S2-1 Human rights policy commitments, 
paragraph 17
Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS S2-1 Policies related to value chain workers, 
paragraph 18
Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS S2-1 Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and 
Human Rights principles and OECD guidelines, 
paragraph 19
Yes N/A Yes N/A No N/A
ESRS S2-1 Due diligence policies on issues addressed 
by the fundamental International Labor Organization 
Conventions 1 to 8, paragraph 19
N/A N/A Yes N/A No N/A
ESRS S2-4 Human rights issues and incidents 
connected to its upstream and downstream value 
chain, paragraph 36
Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS S3-1 Human rights policy commitments, 
paragraph 16
Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS S3-1 Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and 
Human Rights, ILO principles or OECD guidelines, 
paragraph 17
Yes N/A Yes N/A No N/A
ESRS S3-4 Human rights issues and incidents, 
paragraph 36
Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS S4-1 Policies related to consumers and end- 
users, paragraph 16
Yes N/A N/A N/A Yes Business conduct - 
Code of Conduct 
Governance - Human 
rights
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
372 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 373]
Relevant EU legislation
SFDR 
reference
Pillar 3 
reference
Benchmark 
Regulation 
reference
EU 
Climate 
Law 
reference
Material 
for 
Aegon Reference
ESRS S4-1 Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and 
Human Rights and OECD guidelines, paragraph 17
Yes N/A Yes N/A Yes Business conduct - 
Code of Conduct 
Governance - Human 
rights
ESRS S4-4 Human rights issues and incidents, 
paragraph 35
Yes N/A N/A N/A No N/A
ESRS G1-4 Fines for violation of anti-corruption and 
anti-bribery laws, paragraph 24(a)
Yes N/A Yes N/A Yes Business conduct - 
Metrics
ESRS G1-4 Standards of anti-corruption and anti- 
bribery, paragraph 24(b)
Yes N/A N/A N/A Yes Business conduct - 
Actions (and resources)
ESRS Disclosure Requirements
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 373

[page 374]
Disclosure by segment
The table below provides an overview of which business segments are covered by the metrics presented in the Sustainability 
statement in this Annual Report.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
374 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 375]
Additional information
Introduction
This section contains sustainability-related information that 
Aegon chooses to disclose in addition to the disclosures 
made in accordance with the ESRS in the Sustainability 
statement. It contains information on Aegon's sustainability- 
related commitments across various initiatives.
It also includes several metrics that are not mandatory 
but are still considered relevant to our sustainability 
benchmarks and ratings. The Additional information section 
is not subject to limited assurance, unless referenced from 
the Sustainability statement.
Our commitments
Aegon adopts over-arching and sector-specific global 
sustainability frameworks and initiatives to align with 
and report against its sustainability strategy, policies, and 
performance.
These initiatives guide our internal practices and policies 
and help shape our overall approach to sustainability.
We understand that we cannot achieve our sustainability 
ambitions on our own. We are therefore contributing 
towards a number of overarching international initiatives, 
including the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) framework, United Nations Global 
Compact (UNGC), and United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs).
In addition, Aegon has signed up and committed to sector- 
specific initiatives, including the Principles for Responsible 
Investment (PRI), UNEP-FI Principles for Sustainable 
Insurance (PSI), and the Net-Zero Asset Owner Alliance 
(NZAOA).
A complete list of our commitments is available on our 
website.
Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures
Previously, Aegon disclosed its TCFD-related information in 
a separate section under Additional information of its Annual 
Report. Starting from this reporting year, climate-related 
disclosures are integrated into the Climate change section 
of the Sustainability statement of this Annual Report. Refer 
to the TCFD content index to see how Aegon meets the 
TCFD recommendations.
United Nations Global Compact
In 2021, Aegon became a signatory of the UNGC, thereby 
committing to implement universal sustainability principles 
in human rights, labor, environment, and anti-corruption, as 
well as taking steps to support the UN goals, currently the 
SDGs. As a signatory, Aegon is committed to disclosing its 
progress annually via a Communication on Progress (COP) 
submission. Our 2025 report can be accessed 
through www.unglobalcompact.org.
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
In 2015, the United Nations adopted 17 Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs). These goals cover poverty 
reduction, education, gender equality, climate change, 
and health. Each of these goals is accompanied by a set of 
targets and indicators.
At Aegon, we are committed to supporting the UN SDGs, 
both as a financial services provider and as an investor. 
We recognize that sustainable development is in the long- 
term interest of business and the global economy. However, 
a sustainable future for people and the planet will not be 
attainable without cooperation between the public and 
private sectors.
The table on the next page maps our actions to nine SDGs 
and their relevant targets.
Additional information
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 375

[page 376]
Aegon's contribution to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
SDG SDG target Aegon's contribution
Good health and 
wellbeing Ensure 
healthy lives and 
promote wellbeing 
for all at all ages.
Target 3.4 By 2030, reduce by one third 
premature mortality from non-communicable 
diseases through prevention and treatment and 
promote mental health and well-being. 
Target 3.a Strengthen the implementation of 
the World Health Organization Framework 
Convention on Tobacco Control (WHO FCTC) in 
all countries, as appropriate.
Aegon excludes investments in tobacco production, aligning with the WHO 
FCTC through the Tobacco-Free Finance Pledge. Our employee wellbeing is 
supported through flexible working, family leave, and mental health 
initiatives. Moreover, MAG Seguros, majority-owned by Aegon, offers 
products for people with chronic diseases who maintain a healthy lifestyle, 
including those with hypertension, obesity, diabetes, HIV, or cancer (breast, 
prostate, non-melanoma skin). Aegon Spain provides insurance policies with 
breast cancer coverage, including home help, psychological support, and 
access to a second medical opinion.
Gender equality 
Achieve gender 
equality and 
empower all women 
and girls.
Target 5.5 Ensure women’s full and effective 
participation and equal opportunities for 
leadership at all levels of decision-making in 
political, economic and public life.
In 2025, we maintained our focus on achieving and sustaining gender 
balance within senior management and throughout our succession planning 
processes. Our efforts included ongoing tracking of gender representation 
in leadership roles, with 39% women in senior management from 2025. We 
also disclose both unadjusted and adjusted gender pay gaps (32% and 12% 
respectively), and supports inclusion through our active Employee Resource 
Groups.
Affordable and 
clean energy Ensure 
access to affordable, 
reliable, sustainable, 
and modern energy 
for all.
Target 7.2 Increase substantially the share of 
renewable energy in the global energy mix. 
Target 7.3 Double the global rate of 
improvement in energy efficiency.
In 2025, 48% of Aegon's total electricity usage was sourced from 
renewables. The Cedar Rapids Community Solar Garden supplied 
renewable energy to Transamerica and Aegon Asset Management facilities 
in the United States.
Aegon continues to improve energy efficiency through upgrades in US 
offices, including LED lighting, building management systems, and property 
portfolio optimization, such as relocation of our head office in the 
Netherlands to better fit our hybrid working model.
Decent work and 
economic growth 
Promote sustained, 
inclusive and 
sustainable 
economic growth, full 
and productive 
employment and 
decent work for all.
Target 8.7 Take immediate and effective 
measures to eradicate forced labor, end 
modern slavery and human trafficking, and 
secure the prohibition and elimination of the 
worst forms of child labor.
Aegon conducts a biennial Human Rights Risk Assessment and maintains a 
Vendor Code of Conduct that prohibits forced or compulsory labor. The 
Group Responsible Investment Policy excludes companies involved in 
controversial weapons and those linked to human rights abuses, money 
laundering, or terrorism financing. A high proportion of Aegon's employees 
are covered by social protection systems and collective bargaining 
agreements.
Reduced 
inequalities Reduce 
inequality within and 
among countries.
Target 10.2 Empower and promote the social, 
economic and political inclusion of all, 
irrespective of age, sex, disability, race, 
ethnicity, origin, religion or economic or other 
status.
Aegon’s Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), totaling 36 in 2025, are open to 
all employees and provide spaces to discuss topics of interest, strengthen 
engagement, and shape company culture. Notably, the VERBATE program 
launched with ProudNL, offering professional development for ERG board 
members. Ongoing support from Group and business units ensured ERGs 
had the resources to make a meaningful impact on workplace inclusion and 
culture.
Responsible 
Consumption and 
Production Ensure 
sustainable 
consumption and 
production patterns.
Target 12.6 Encourage companies, especially 
large and transnational companies, to adopt 
sustainable practices and to integrate 
sustainability information into their reporting 
cycle.
Aegon assesses the sustainability performance of its supplier base through 
EcoVadis scores. Sustainability information is integrated into the Annual 
Report and management reporting cycles. Since 2024, Aegon has included 
supplier GHG emissions in its overall reporting and monitors supplier 
practices to encourage reductions in their climate impact.
Climate action Take 
urgent action to 
combat climate 
change and its 
impacts.
Target 13.1 Strengthen resilience and adaptive 
capacity to climate-related hazards and natural 
disasters in all countries. 
Target 13.2 Integrate climate change 
measures into national policies, strategies, and 
planning.
By 2030, Aegon aims to: Reduce the weighted average carbon intensity of 
Aegon’s corporate fixed income and listed equity general account assets by 
50% against a 2019 baseline; Reduce the scope 1 and 2 carbon intensity of 
Aegon’s directly held real estate investments by 42% against a 2019 
baseline; Invest an additional USD 1 billion, on top of Aegon’s existing USD 
2.5 billion invested amount, in activities to help mitigate climate change or 
adapt to the associated impacts by 2030, and continue engagements with at 
least the top 20 corporate carbon emitters in Aegon’s portfolio.
The company has also achieved a 77% reduction in absolute operational 
carbon emissions (scope 1 and 2) relative to the 2019 baseline. By the end 
of 2025, Aegon invested USD 3.2 billion in climate mitigation and adaptation 
activities.
Aegon integrates climate change measures into its investment policy, risk 
management, and reporting, aligning with TCFD and NZAOA frameworks.
Peace, justice, and 
strong institutions 
Promote peaceful 
and inclusive 
societies for 
sustainable 
development, provide 
access to justice for 
all and build effective, 
accountable and 
inclusive institutions 
at all levels.
Target 16.1 Significantly reduce all forms of 
violence and related death rates everywhere. 
Target 16.4 By 2030, significantly reduce illicit 
financial and arms flows, strengthen the 
recovery and return of stolen assets, and 
combat all forms of organized crime. 
Target 16.6 Develop effective, accountable 
and transparent institutions at all levels.
Aegon excludes companies involved in controversial weapons and applies 
global sanctions, including to regimes that specifically target human rights 
abuses, as outlined in our Group Responsible Investment Policy.
Aegon has also implemented several policies on Financial Economic Crime 
to prevent its businesses from involvement in money-laundering and 
terrorist financing, fraud, and/or bribery.
Partnerships for the 
Goals 
Strengthen the 
means of 
implementation and 
revitalize the Global 
Partnership for 
Sustainable 
Development.
Target 17.14 Enhance policy coherence for 
sustainable development.
Aegon engages with various stakeholders, including the UN Global Compact, 
UNEP FI, NZAOA, and other industry peers and external organizations to 
advance sustainability and climate action goals.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
376 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 377]
Principles for Responsible Investment
In 2022, Aegon became an asset owner signatory to the PRI, 
following Aegon AM's asset manager signatory status since 
2011. The PRI sets out guidelines designed to help investors 
incorporate ESG factors into their investment practice, 
oriented around six principles:
 
Principle 1: We will incorporate ESG issues into investment 
analysis and decision-making processes.
 Principle 2: We will be active owners and incorporate 
ESG issues into our ownership policies and practices.
 
Principle 3: We will seek appropriate disclosure on 
ESG issues by the entities in which we invest.
 
Principle 4: We will promote acceptance and 
implementation of the Principles within the investment 
industry.
 
Principle 5: We will work together to enhance our 
effectiveness in implementing the Principles.
 Principle 6: We will each report on our activities and 
progress towards implementing the Principles.
As a signatory, Aegon is committed to transparently 
reporting on responsible investment practices for its 
general account. Its latest public Transparency Report 
covering the 2024 reporting period can be accessed via 
the PRI Data Portal.
UNEP-FI Principles for Sustainable Insurance
Aegon is one of the founding signatories of the UNEP-FI PSI. 
The PSI aims to make sure sustainability becomes “business 
as usual.” The PSI comprises four basic principles.
As a signatory, Aegon reports annually on the actions taken 
to implement the PSI’s four principles on its website. 
See Aegon's PSI Performance for the latest overview.
Net-Zero Asset Owner Alliance
Aegon became a signatory to the NZAOA in 2021. 
The NZAOA is a UN-convened group of institutional 
investors committed to transitioning their portfolios to net- 
zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. As a signatory, we 
have committed to transitioning our general account 
investment portfolio1 to net-zero greenhouse gas emissions 
by 2050, with clear targets for 2030. For more information 
on these targets, please see the Climate change section of 
the Sustainability statement.
The general account portfolio consists of assets where Aegon can make investment decisions, considering Aegon's legal obligations of Aegon as prescribed by local 
laws and regulations. A similar approach applies to selected investments where Aegon Asset Management, in its capacity as manager, makes the investment 
decisions. For discretionary investments for the account of third parties and off-balance sheet investments, the investment decisions are driven by the relevant third 
parties and Aegon's legal and/or fiduciary obligations, as prescribed by local laws and regulations.
1
Our commitments
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 377

[page 378]
Additional metrics
Introduction
In addition to the metrics disclosed under the material topics 
in the Sustainability statement, Aegon also voluntarily 
discloses information relevant to our sustainability 
approach, benchmarks, and ratings.
The table below includes information that goes beyond 
specific reporting requirements and is not linked to 
Aegon’s material topics identified through the DMA.
Additional metrics
unit 2025 2024 %
Lobbying
Political advocacy
Monetary value of political contributions EURm 0.2 0.3 (28%)
Amount of internal and external lobbying expenses EURm 0.7 0.7 (4%)
Amount paid for membership to lobbying associations EURm 4.0 3.5 14%
Community investment
Total cash donations EURm 9.0 8.1 12%
Inclusion through financial empowerment EURm 1.6 1.4 11.0%
Inclusion through social empowerment EURm 5.2 5.5 (5.2%)
Other EURm 2.2 1.1 97%
Proportion of cash donations to key themes % 75% 86% (11pp)
Proportion of cash donations to Inclusion through financial empowerment % 17% 17% (0pp)
Proportion of cash donations to Inclusion through social empowerment % 58% 68% (11pp)
Number of organizations receiving cash donations nr 451 491 (8%)
Volunteering
Volunteering hours hours 25,383 23,123 10%
Volunteering value EURm 2.0 1.7 14%
Total community investment
Total value community investment EURm 11.0 9.8 12%
Total value community investment as proportion of net result % 0.5% 0.4% 0.1pp
Management of relationships with suppliers
Total spend on goods and services EURb 1.5 1.2 28%
Top 150 ("in-scope") suppliers
Spend on goods and services - top 150 in-scope suppliers EURb 1.1 0.7 52%
Proportion of total spend on goods and services with top 150 in-scope suppliers % 71% 60% 11.2pp
Supplier ESG assessment
Number of in-scope suppliers assessed for ESG performance nr 99 83 19%
Spend on goods and services with in-scope suppliers assessed for ESG performance EURb 0.8 0.5 50%
Proportion of spend with in-scope suppliers assessed for ESG performance % 74.2% 75.3% (1.1pp)
Overall score of in-scope suppliers assessed for ESG performance 1-100 61 61 0%
Proportion of in-scope suppliers scoring 1-24 (insufficient) % - - 0pp
Proportion of in-scope suppliers scoring 25-44 (partial) %
6% 12% (6pp)
Proportion of in-scope suppliers scoring 45-64 (good) % 51% 49% 1pp
Proportion of in-scope suppliers scoring 65-84 (advanced) % 38% 37% 1pp
Proportion of in-scope suppliers scoring 85-100 (outstanding) % 5% 1% 4pp
Weighted average time to pay an invoice days 27.7 32.1 (14%)
Number of legal proceedings currently outstanding for late payments nr 2 - n.m.
Integration of ESG in risk policies
Percentage of risk management policies where ESG risk considerations have been 
integrated into the in-scope policies % 100% 100% 0pp
Business travel
Air travel - total distance million km 58.4 50.0 17%
Air travel - Economy (as % of total distance) % 74% 75% (2pp)
Air travel - Premium (as % of total distance) % 26% 25% 2pp
Air travel - Short distance (as % of total distance) % 4% 5% (1pp)
Air travel - Medium distance (as % of total distance) % 66% 64% 2pp
Air travel - Long distance (as % of total distance) % 30% 31% (1pp)
Train travel - total distance million km 1.8 1.7 6%
Car travel - total distance million km 5.1 7.3 (30%)
Air travel - total emissions tCO e2 7,382 7,483 (1%)
Train travel - total emissions tCO e2 60 49 22%
Car travel - total emissions tCO e2 829 1,177 (30%)
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
378 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 379]
Supplementary explanation
Air travel emissions
While total distance of air travel increased by 17%, air travel 
emissions declined by 1%. This result is due to the change in 
route mix (higher share of medium haul and economy class 
travel) and updated emission factors.
Methodology
Details of the underlying methodologies used for the 
metrics are outlined below.
Lobbying
Political contributions may include direct financial or in-kind 
support to political parties, their elected representatives, or 
persons seeking political office. It may also include indirect 
political contributions made through an intermediary 
organization, such as a lobbyist or charity, or support made 
to an organization, such as a think tank or trade association, 
linked to or that supports particular political parties or 
causes. The contributions consist of those made by 
Transamerica’s Political Action Committee (PAC), which acts 
independently from Aegon or Transamerica. The PAC 
receives voluntary donations from Transamerica employees 
and distributes the pooled donations according to the 
decision of the independent board of the PAC.
Lobbying expenses are payments for activities undertaken 
with governments, government institutions, and/or 
regulators to support issues and initiatives that Aegon 
believes will benefit its customers, employees, society, 
and businesses. The expenses mainly reflect the cost of 
personnel dedicated to lobbying or advocacy activities.
Membership in lobbying associations refers to an agreement 
by which someone joins a professional or advocacy 
association. A professional association is defined here as 
a body of persons engaged in the same profession, usually 
formed to maintain standards and represent the profession 
in discussions with other bodies or institutions. An advocacy 
association advocates on behalf of the profession to other 
bodies, institutions, or policymakers. However, advocacy 
may not be the only type of activity that the association 
undertakes.
Community investment
Cash donations are contributions to charities and other non- 
profit organizations made in accordance with the Aegon Ltd. 
Charitable Donations Standards.
Volunteering value is calculated as the number of hours 
multiplied by the average hourly employee employment 
costs (= total employment costs/total hours worked by 
direct employees). The total number of working days in 
the reported period includes all working days, excluding 
weekends and national holidays.
Management of relationships with suppliers
Our top 150 suppliers consistently represent approximately 
80% of our total supplier spend. The proportion of total 
spend on goods and services with the top 150 (“in-scope”) 
suppliers is based on actual invoice payments and does 
not take into account accruals. As a result, the denominator 
“Total spend on goods and services (in EUR billions)” can not 
be reconciled to the expenses in the financial statements. 
For 2025, actual spend data was used for the full calendar 
year 2025. In 2024, actual spend data was used until 
September 30, 2024, and the fourth quarter was based on 
actual spend data of the previous year.
Supplier ESG assessment
The metrics in this category refer to suppliers assessed 
using the EcoVadis methodology, which measures the 
quality of a company’s sustainability management system 
through its policies and actions. Suppliers are assigned 
to five scoring buckets based on the EcoVadis scoring 
methodology, which considers criteria for environmental 
protection, labor and human rights, business ethics, and 
sustainable procurement. The higher the score, the better 
the supplier's sustainability performance. The spend data 
used to calculate the indicators for the supplier ESG 
assessment is de same spend as described above under 
"Management of relationships with suppliers."
Integration of ESG in risk policies
Integration of ESG in risk policies includes in-scope 
Financial, Underwriting, and Operational risk management 
policies where ESG risk considerations have been 
integrated. In-scope policies are those policies where 
ESG integration was planned.
unit 2025 2024 %
Responsible tax
Total taxes borne by Aegon EURm 198.0 373.7 (47%)
Corporate income tax EURm (87.6) 30.2 (390%)
Americas EURm 9.2 38.4 (76%)
United Kingdom EURm (2.0) 5.1 (138%)
Netherlands EURm (95.1) (13.5) 606%
Other EURm 0.3 0.2 59%
Taxes collected on behalf of others EURm 2,284 2,222 3%
Total customers million 24.9 24.4 2%
Americas million 10.2 10.2 0%
United Kingdom million 3.8 3.7 2%
International million 10.9 10.5 4%
New customers million 7.1 4.1 72%
n.a. – not applicable; n.m. – not measured; pp - percentage points
Additional metrics
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 379

[page 380]
Business travel
Air travel: short distance covers routes <483km or <300 
miles, medium distance between 483km or 300 miles and 
3,702km and 2,300 miles, and long distance covers routes 
>3,702km or >2,300 miles. For more details on how we 
calculate emissions, see the Climate change methodology 
section in the Sustainability statement.
Responsible tax
The data covers all entities over which Aegon has 
management control including divested businesses, up to 
the closing date. For corporate income tax, there is often 
no direct correlation between the tax reported on earnings 
for any given year and the amounts paid or received in tax. 
Part of the explanation for this is that certain tax-deductible 
items are not recognized in the company’s profit & loss 
statement but directly in equity. Additionally, payments and 
refunds for prior years can impact the amounts paid or 
received in the current year. For more information see 
Aegon’s Global Tax Report.
Total customers
Customers include individuals, groups, and corporations. 
This designation also includes participants in pension plans 
administered by trustees and those with white-label 
products serviced by Aegon or Transamerica. Customers of 
our joint ventures are included on a 100% basis. In this 
context, the customers of our joint venture in Brazil are 
reported in the segment International.
New customers are those who acquired a product or service 
during the reporting period (and were not previously 
customers of Aegon). Customers of our joint ventures are 
included on a 100% basis.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
380 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 381]
External recognition
Aegon’s sustainability performance is independently 
validated through third-party ESG ratings and sustainability 
benchmarks. These assessments provide transparency 
around the integration of sustainability into our business 
operations, supporting key stakeholder decision- 
making. ESG ratings and benchmarks evaluate issues 
most relevant to the life and health insurance sector. 
Their insights inform Aegon’s materiality and disclosure 
processes and complement our reporting under regulatory 
frameworks such as the EU CSRD and ESRS. Oversight is 
provided by Aegon’s Global Sustainability Board (GSB), 
which reviews performance quarterly. Updates to ESG 
scores are published throughout the year on the 
"Our ratings" page of the Aegon website. The performance 
overview below reflects scoring as of February 2026.
MSCI ESG Rating: Aegon received a rating of "AAA", a measure of a company’s resilience to long-term, industry-specific sustainability 
risks and their exposure to and management of these risks relative to peers.
Morningstar Sustainalytics ESG Risk Rating: Aegon has been assessed at "Low Risk" of experiencing material financial impacts from 
ESG factors with a score of 14.4, based on evaluation of the "Life and Health Insurance Subindustry."
ISS ESG Corporate Rating: Aegon continues to hold a rating of "C+" and "Prime Status," exceeding the scoring threshold for the 
"Insurance" industry-specific risk exposure and footprint.
S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA): Aegon achieved a score of 65 (out of 100) with a percentile ranking of 89 in 
the "Insurance industry," earning inclusion in the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2026.
CDP (Climate): Aegon received a "B" score, placing it in the "Management" band for the Financial Sector assessment, which reflects 
coordinated action on climate-related issues.
unit 2025 2024 %
Sustainability benchmarks
MSCI ESG Rating1 AAA to CCC AAA (Leader) AA (Leader) Increase
Morningstar Sustainalytics ESG Risk Rating2 0 to 100 14.4 (Low Risk) 14.0 (Low Risk) Decrease
ISS ESG Corporate Rating3 A+ to D- C+ (Prime) C+ (Prime) Stable
S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA)4 0 to 100 65 (Yearbook Member) 59 Increase
CDP (Climate)5 A to D- B (Management) D (Disclosure) Increase
FTSE4Good Index Series6 0 to 5 4.7 (Index Member) 3.9 (Index Member) Increase
Bloomberg ESG Performance Score7 0 to 10 5.5 (Leading) 6.2 (Leading) Decrease
LSEG ESG Score8 A+ to D- A A Stable
EcoVadis Sustainability Rating9 0 to 100 72 (Silver) 64 (Bronze) Increase
Workplace Pride Benchmark10 Tier status Ambassador Ambassador Stable
1 As of September 2025, Aegon received an ESG Rating of "AAA". MSCI ESG Ratings measure a company’s resilience to long-term, industry-specific sustainability risks using a rules-based 
methodology. MSCI analysts research and rate companies on a "AAA" (leader) to "CCC" (laggard) scale based on their exposure to and management of these risks relative to peers. The use 
by Aegon of any MSCI ESG research LLC or its affiliates ("MSCI") data, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks, or index names herein, do not constitute a sponsorship, 
endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of Aegon by MSCI. MSCI services and data are the property of MSCI or its information providers, and are provided "as-is" and without 
warranty. MSCI names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI. © 2026 MSCI Inc - All rights reserved.
2 As of December 2025, Aegon was assigned an ESG Risk Rating of 14.4 (Low Risk) by Morningstar Sustainalytics, based on its evaluation of the "Life and Health Insurance Subindustry" and 
was assessed to be at low risk of experiencing material financial impacts from ESG factors. The 2024 ESG Risk Rating was not available at the time of publication of the Aegon Integrated 
Annual Report 2024, so the 2023 ESG Risk Rating of "15.3 (Low Risk)" was referenced as the latest available score. The actual 2024 ESG Risk Rating of "14.0 (Low Risk)" has since been 
published and has been revised in the table. In no event shall the rating be construed as investment advice or expert opinion as defined by the applicable legislation. Risk categories are 
defined by scoring, from "Negligible" (0) to "Severe" (>40). © 2026 Morningstar Sustainalytics. All rights reserved. This publication contains information developed by Sustainalytics 
(www.sustainalytics.com). Such information and data are proprietary of Sustainalytics and/or its third-party suppliers (third-party data) and are provided for informational purposes only. 
They do not constitute an endorsement of any product or project, nor an investment advice and are not warranted to be complete, timely, accurate, or suitable for a particular purpose. Their 
use is subject to conditions available at www.sustainalytics.com/legal-disclaimers.
3 As of December 2025, Aegon received an ISS ESG Corporate Rating of "C+ (Prime)" and "Decile Rank 1" of the "Insurance Industry". The ISS ESG Corporate Rating is the proprietary 
methodology of Institutional Shareholder Services Inc. ("ISS"). © ISS. All rights reserved. This rating is provided for informational purposes only. It does not constitute an endorsement, 
sponsorship, or recommendation by ISS, nor does it represent the views or opinions of ISS beyond the rating itself. All rights in the rating and associated methodologies remain solely with 
ISS. The rating may not be reproduced, redistributed, or used to infer any industry ranking or relative performance without an ISS licensing agreement.
4 As of February 2026, Aegon received a CSA score of 65 (out of 100) and a percentile ranking of 89 in the "Insurance industry", securing inclusion in the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 
2026. © 2026 S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.
5 As of December 2025, Aegon received a B (Management) score, indicating an organization is taking coordinated action on climate-related issues. The Management band (B/B-) is one of 
four scoring levels - Disclosure (D), Awareness (C), Management (B), and Leadership (A) - used across CDP’s Climate Change assessments, including the sector-specific Financial Services 
framework. © 2026 CDP Worldwide.
6 As of January 2026, FTSE Russell continued to certify Aegon as a constituent company in the FTSE4Good Index Series, with an ESG Score of 4.7 (100th percentile) as of December 2025. 
Percentile ranking refers to the FTSE Industry Classification Benchmark for "Life Insurance/Assurance." © 2026 FTSE Russell.
7 As of January 2026, Aegon is ranked at the 98th percentile for "Insurance" peers under the Bloomberg ESG Classification System (BECS). Scoring refreshed periodically by Bloomberg and 
potentially subject to change. © 2026 Bloomberg Finance L.P. All rights reserved.
8 As of January 2026, Aegon is ranked 5/375 Insurance Companies with a score of 86. Scoring refreshed weekly by LSEG and potentially subject to change. © 2026 LSEG. All rights 
reserved. LSEG ESG Information is proprietary to LSEG Limited and/or its affiliates ("LSEG").
9 As of January 2026, Aegon has an EcoVadis "Sustainability Rating" of 72 and 86th percentile (Silver Medal). Percentile rankings refer to all assessed companies. © EcoVadis SAS 2026 - All 
rights reserved.
10 Aegon participates in the annual Workplace Pride Global Benchmark © and as of June 2025 achieved "Ambassador" status for the seventh consecutive year, awarded to organizations 
scoring between 70% and 90% on Workplace Pride’s LGBTIQ+ inclusion criteria. Workplace Pride Global Benchmark used with the permission of Workplace Pride Foundation.
External recognition
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 381

[page 382]
Limited assurance report of the independent auditor 
on the sustainability statement 
To: the shareholders and the Board of Directors 
of Aegon Ltd.
Our conclusion
We have performed a limited assurance engagement on the 
consolidated sustainability statement for 2025 of Aegon Ltd. 
based in Hamilton, Bermuda (hereinafter: the company or 
Aegon) in section "sustainability statement" of the 
accompanying Board report including the information 
incorporated in the sustainability statement by reference 
(hereinafter: the sustainability statement).
Based on our procedures performed and the evidence 
obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us 
to believe that the sustainability statement is not, in all 
material respects:
 
Prepared in accordance with the European Sustainability 
Reporting Standards (ESRS) as adopted by the European 
Commission and compliant with the double materiality 
assessment process carried out by the company to 
identify the information reported pursuant to the ESRS; 
and
 
Compliant with the reporting requirements provided for in 
Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy 
Regulation).
Our conclusion has been formed on the basis of the matters 
outlined in this limited assurance report.
Basis for our conclusion
We have performed our limited assurance engagement on 
the sustainability statement in accordance with Dutch law, 
including Dutch Standard 3810N, "Assurance-opdrachten 
inzake duurzaamheidsverslaggeving" (Assurance 
engagements relating to sustainability reporting), which is a 
specified Dutch standard that is based on the International 
Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (Revised), 
"Assurance engagements other than audits or reviews of 
historical financial information."
Our assurance engagement was aimed to obtain a limited 
level of assurance that the sustainability statement is free 
from material misstatements. The procedures vary in nature 
and timing from, and are less in extent, than for a reasonable 
assurance engagement. Consequently, the level of 
assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is 
substantially lower than the assurance that would have been 
obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been 
performed. Our responsibilities in this regard are further 
described in the section "Our responsibilities for the limited 
assurance engagement on the sustainability statement" of 
our report.
We are independent of Aegon Ltd. in accordance with the 
Verordening inzake de onafhankelijkheid van accountants bij 
assurance-opdrachten (ViO, Code of Ethics for Professional 
Accountants, a regulation with respect to independence) and 
other relevant independence regulations in the Netherlands. 
This includes that we do not perform any activities that could 
result in a conflict of interest with our independent 
assurance engagement and we are not involved in the 
preparation of the sustainability statement, as doing so may 
compromise our independence.
Furthermore, we have complied with the Verordening 
gedrags- en beroepsregels accountants (VGBA, Dutch Code 
of Ethics for Professional Accountants). The ViO and VGBA 
are at least as demanding as the International code of ethics 
for professional accountants (including International 
independence standards) of the International Ethics 
Standards Board for Accountants (the IESBA Code) as 
relevant to limited assurance engagements on sustainability 
statements of listed entities in the Netherlands.
We believe that the assurance evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
conclusion.
Emphasis of matter
Treatment of Investments managed for third-party 
clients
We draw attention to the disclosures in the sustainability 
statement regarding the treatment of Investments managed 
for third-party clients included in the sub-section "Value 
chain" as part of the section "Basis of preparation." As 
described in the sustainability statement, Aegon has 
excluded investments managed for third-party clients from 
its sustainability statement.
The determination of whether Investments managed on 
behalf of third-party clients must be included in the 
sustainability statement may be affected by stakeholder 
expectations and regulatory developments. Our conclusion 
is not modified in respect of this matter.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
382 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 383]
Inherent limitations associated with 
measurement or evaluation of sustainability 
information
Significant uncertainties affecting the quantitative 
metrics and monetary amounts
Chapter "Specific circumstances," section "Use of 
estimates" in the sustainability statement identifies the 
quantitative metrics and monetary amounts that are subject 
to a high level of measurement uncertainty and discloses 
information about the sources of measurement uncertainty 
and the assumptions, approximations, and judgements the 
company has made in measuring these in compliance with 
the ESRS.
Comparability may be limited for entity-specific 
sustainability information
The company provides additional entity-specific 
sustainability information in the chapters "Environmental 
information", section "Climate change mitigation and 
adaptation", chapter "Social information", sections "Human 
capital," "Data privacy," "Responsible market practices," and 
"Financial empowerment," and the chapter "Governance 
information," section "Business conduct". The comparability 
of entity-specific sustainability information between entities 
and over time may be affected by the absence of a uniform 
practice or availability of external information sources to 
measure or evaluate this information that can support 
comparability. This allows for the application of different, but 
acceptable, measurement techniques.
Inherent limitations of a double materiality 
assessment process
The sustainability statement may not include every impact, 
risk and opportunity or additional entity-specific disclosure 
that each individual stakeholder (group) may consider 
important in its own particular assessment.
Inherent limitations of forward-looking information
In reporting forward-looking information in accordance with 
the ESRS, management describes the underlying 
assumptions and methods of producing the information, as 
well as other factors that provide evidence that it reflects 
the actual plans or decisions made by the company 
(actions). Forward-looking information relates to events and 
actions that have not yet occurred and may never occur. The 
actual outcome is likely to be different since anticipated 
events frequently do not occur as expected.
Responsibilities of management and the Board 
of Directors for the sustainability statement
The Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Committee 
(hereinafter: management), subject to control of the Board of 
Directors, are responsible for the preparation of the 
sustainability statement in accordance with the ESRS, 
including the double materiality assessment process carried 
out by the company as the basis for the sustainability 
statement and disclosure of material impacts, risks and 
opportunities in accordance with the ESRS. As part of the 
preparation of the sustainability statement, management is 
responsible for compliance with the reporting requirements 
provided for in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 
(Taxonomy Regulation).
Management is also responsible for selecting and applying 
additional entity-specific disclosures to enable users to 
understand the company’s sustainability-related impacts, 
risks or opportunities and for determining that these 
additional entity-specific disclosures are suitable in the 
circumstances and in accordance with the ESRS.
Furthermore, management is responsible for such internal 
control as it determines is necessary to enable the 
preparation of the sustainability statement that is free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
The Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Committee 
are responsible for overseeing the sustainability reporting 
process including the double materiality assessment 
process carried out by the company.
Our responsibilities for the limited assurance 
engagement on the Sustainability statement
Our responsibility is to plan and perform the limited 
assurance engagement in a manner that allows us to obtain 
sufficient and appropriate assurance evidence for our 
conclusion.
We apply the applicable quality management requirements 
pursuant to the Nadere voorschriften kwaliteitsmanagement 
(NVKM, regulations for quality management) and the 
International Standard on Quality Management (ISQM) 1, and 
accordingly maintain a comprehensive system of quality 
management including documented policies and 
procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, 
professional standards and other relevant legal and 
regulatory requirements.
Our limited assurance engagement included amongst 
others:
 
Performing inquiries and an analysis of the external 
environment and obtaining an understanding of relevant 
sustainability themes and issues, the characteristics of the 
company, its activities and the value chain and its key 
intangible resources in order to assess the double 
materiality assessment process carried out by the 
company as the basis for the sustainability statement and 
disclosure of all material sustainability-related impacts, 
risks and opportunities in accordance with the ESRS.
 Obtaining through inquiries a general understanding of the 
internal control environment, the company’s processes for 
gathering and reporting entity-related and value chain 
information, the information systems and the company’s 
risk assessment process relevant to the preparation of 
the sustainability statement and for identifying the 
company’s activities, determining eligible and aligned 
Limited assurance report of the independent auditor on the sustainability statement
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 383

[page 384]
economic activities and prepare the disclosures provided 
for in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy 
Regulation), without obtaining assurance information 
about the implementation or testing the operating 
effectiveness of controls.
 Assessing the double materiality assessment process 
carried out by the company and identifying and assessing 
areas of the sustainability statement, including the 
disclosures provided for in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 (Taxonomy Regulation), where misleading or 
unbalanced information or material misstatements, 
whether due to fraud or error, are likely to arise (‘selected 
disclosures’). Designing and performing further assurance 
procedures aimed at assessing that the sustainability 
statement is free from material misstatements responsive 
to this risk analysis.
 
Considering whether the description of the double 
materiality assessment process in the sustainability 
statement made by management appears consistent with 
the process carried out by the company.
 Determining the nature and extent of the procedures to be 
performed for Aegon subsidiaries. For this, the nature, 
extent and/or risk profile of these subsidiaries are 
decisive. Performing analytical review procedures on 
quantitative information in the sustainability statement, 
including consideration of data and trends.
 Assessing whether the company’s methods for developing 
estimates are appropriate and have been consistently 
applied for selected disclosures. We considered data and 
trends, however our procedures did not include testing the 
data on which the estimates are based or separately 
developing our own estimates against which to evaluate 
management’s estimates.
 Analyzing, on a limited sample basis, relevant internal and 
external documentation available to the company 
(including publicly available information or information 
from actors throughout its value chain) for selected 
disclosures.
 Reading the other information in the annual report to 
identify material inconsistencies, if any, with the 
sustainability statement.
 
Considering whether the disclosures provided to address 
the reporting requirements provided for in Article 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy Regulation) for each 
of the environmental objectives, reconcile with the 
underlying records of the company and are consistent or 
coherent with the sustainability statement, appear 
reasonable, in particular whether the eligible economic 
activities meet the cumulative conditions to qualify as 
aligned and whether the technical screening criteria are 
met, and whether the key performance indicators 
disclosures have been defined and calculated in 
accordance with the Taxonomy delegated acts, and 
comply with the reporting requirements provided for in 
Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy 
Regulation), including the format in which the activities are 
presented.
 
Considering the overall presentation, structure, and 
fundamental qualitative characteristics of information 
(relevance and faithful representation: complete, neutral 
and accurate) reported in the sustainability statement, 
including the reporting requirements provided for in Article 
8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy Regulation).
 
Considering, based on our limited assurance procedures 
and evaluation of the evidence obtained, whether the 
sustainability statement as a whole, is free from material 
misstatements and prepared in accordance with the ESRS.
Communication
We communicate with the Board of Directors regarding, 
among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
assurance engagement and significant findings that we 
identify during our assurance engagement.
The Hague, March 25, 2026
EY Accountants B.V.
Tom de Kuijper
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
384 | Integrated Annual Report 2025

[page 385]
Disclaimer
Cautionary note regarding non-IFRS measures
This document includes the following non-IFRS financial 
measures: operating result and valuation equity. Operating 
result is calculated by consolidating on a proportionate 
basis Aegon’s joint ventures and associated companies, 
except for its associate ASR Nederland N.V. Operating result 
reflects Aegon’s profit before tax from underlying business 
operations and mainly excludes components that relate to 
accounting mismatches that are dependent on market 
volatility or relate to events that are considered outside of 
the normal course of business. Valuation equity represents 
the sum of shareholders’ equity and the Contractual Service 
Margin (CSM) after-tax (embedded value of unearned profits 
in insurance contracts). This measure is intended to provide 
a more comprehensive view of the Group’s economic value. 
Aegon believes that these non-IFRS measures, together with 
the IFRS information, provide meaningful supplemental 
information about the operating results of Aegon’s business 
including insight into the financial measures that senior 
management uses in managing the business.
Currency exchange rates
This document contains certain information about Aegon’s 
results, financial condition and revenue generating 
investments presented in USD for the Americas and in GBP 
for the United Kingdom, because those businesses operate 
and are managed primarily in those currencies. None of this 
information is a substitute for or superior to financial 
information about Aegon presented in EUR, which is the 
currency of Aegon’s primary financial statements.
Forward-looking statements
The statements contained in this document that are not 
historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in 
the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The 
following are words that identify such forward-looking 
statements: aim, believe, estimate, target, focus, intend, may, 
expect, anticipate, predict, project, counting on, plan, 
continue, want, forecast, goal, should, would, could, is 
confident, will, and similar expressions as they relate to 
Aegon. These statements may contain information about 
financial prospects, economic conditions and trends and 
involve risks and uncertainties. In addition, any statements 
that refer to sustainability, environmental and social targets, 
commitments, goals, efforts and expectations and other 
events or circumstances that are partially dependent on 
future events are forward-looking statements. These 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and 
involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult 
to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation, and expressly 
disclaims any duty, to publicly update or revise any forward- 
looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place 
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which 
merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. 
Actual results may differ materially and adversely from 
expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to 
changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such 
risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the 
following:
 
Financial Risks - Rapidly rising, or sustained low or 
negative interest rates; Financial market disruptions, 
adverse economic conditions and political or regional 
instability; Elevated levels of inflation; Illiquidity of 
investment assets; Credit risks, valuation declines, and 
defaults in investment portfolios or counterparty failures; 
Equity market declines; Real estate market downturns; 
Default of a major financial institution and systemic risks; 
Unavailable, unaffordable, or insufficient reinsurance, and 
failure of reinsurers, to whom Aegon has ceded risk, to 
meet their obligations; A credit rating downgrade; 
Currency exchange rate fluctuations; Asset-liability 
management risks; Unexpected investment valuation 
changes and impairments.
 
Underwriting Risks - Differences between actual claims 
experience and underwriting or reserve assumptions; 
Inadequate pricing of products with guarantees; 
Restrictions on underwriting criteria and data usage; 
Product underperformance and exposure to litigation or 
negative publicity; Reinsurance may be unavailable, 
unaffordable, or insufficient; Catastrophic events.
 
Operational Risks - Competitive factors; Unsuccessful 
acquisitions, divestitures, or major reorganizations; 
Difficulties in distributing and marketing products through 
current and future channels; Slow adoption of emerging 
technologies; Unsuccessful management of climate risk 
exposure; Gaps in risk management policies and 
processes; Disruptive events undermining the resilience 
of business services and IT systems; Evolving 
cybersecurity threats and security breaches; Actual or 
perceived data privacy non-compliance or security 
breaches; Inaccuracies in econometric, financial, or 
actuarial models, or differing interpretations of underlying 
methodologies; Inaccurate, incomplete or 
unsuccessful quantitative models, algorithms or 
calculations; Bankruptcy, service disruptions, or poor 
performance by third-party providers or their 
subcontractors; Challenges in attracting, retaining or 
motivating key personnel.
 
Political, regulatory, and supervisory risks - Any further 
requirements to increase Aegon’s technical provisions 
and/or hold more regulatory capital; Political or other 
instability in a country or geographic region; Changes in 
accounting standards; Limitations on the ability of 
subsidiaries and participations to pay dividends to Aegon 
Ltd.; Risks of application of intervention measures.
Disclaimer
Integrated Annual Report 2025 | 385

[page 386]
 Legal and compliance risks - Legal proceedings, 
arbitration outcomes, or regulatory actions; Changes in 
government regulations in the jurisdictions in which Aegon 
operates; Evolving scrutiny and increased attention to 
sustainability matters; Tax risks; Risks related to Bermuda 
domiciliation; Difficulties in protecting intellectual property 
and vulnerability to infringement claims.
 
Risks relating to Aegon's common shares - Volatility of 
Aegon’s share price; Influence of Vereniging Aegon over 
Aegon’s corporate decisions; Currency fluctuations; 
Impact of convertible securities over the market price of 
common shares.
 
Risks relating to our redomiciliation and relocation of our 
headquarters - Uncertainty regarding whether the 
redomiciliation will occur and whether expected benefits 
will be achieved; Retention of personnel and execution 
risks associated with the multi-year redomiciliation and 
headquarters relocation project, including the potential for 
costs exceeding budgeted amounts; Potential increases in 
certain operating costs following a change in domicile and 
relocation of our headquarters; Potential adverse effects 
on our business resulting from the change in domicile and 
relocation of our headquarters; The change in accounting 
regime may create execution risks and impact the 
timeliness and accuracy of our financial reporting; The 
change in tax residency may increase our effective tax 
rate and compliance burden, and could limit future 
redomiciliation outside the US; Risk of adverse tax 
consequences for holders of Aegon common shares as a 
result of the redomiciliation.
Additionally, Aegon provides some information in this report 
that is informed by various stakeholder expectations, non- 
US regulatory requirements, and third-party frameworks. 
Such information, whether provided here or in Aegon's other 
disclosures (including website materials), is not necessarily 
material for SEC reporting purposes.
Even in instances where we use "material", this should not in 
all instances be deemed to refer to materiality for purposes 
of our U.S. federal securities filings, as there are various 
definitions of materiality used by different stakeholders, 
including but not limited to a more expansive "double 
materiality" standard pursuant to the European 
Sustainability Reporting Standards that has informed much 
of our sustainability disclosure. Similarly, while we leverage 
various frameworks in our disclosures, we cannot guarantee, 
and language such as "align" or "follow" is not meant to 
imply, complete alignment with these requirements.
We similarly cannot guarantee complete alignment with any 
stakeholder's interpretation or preference for the 
measurement or presentation of sustainability or other 
information in this report. Expectations, as well as our own 
approach, continue to evolve and may change for a variety 
of reasons, including regulatory or business requirements or 
other factors that may not be in our control. Similarly, certain 
disclosures are based on hypothetical scenarios which may 
not be reflective of expectations or future events; such 
scenarios are subject to inherent uncertainty given the long 
time frames and breadth of variables involved. As a final 
note, documents and website references included herein 
are provided solely for convenience and are not 
incorporated by reference absent express language to the 
contrary.
About Aegon Governance and risk management Financial information Sustainability information
386 | Integrated Annual Report 2025