# Zurich Insurance Group Ltd (ZURN.SW)
# primary source: sustainability-report-2025.pdf  (98 pages)

[page 1]
Stand-alone
 Sustainability 
 report
The sustainability report is part of the Annual Report 2025  
of Zurich Insurance Group.1 This document only includes  
the sustainability report for reasons of convenience, as the  
main part of the index tables presented on this webpage  
are covered in this part of the Annual Report.
Please note that the page numbers in this document align with  
the overall Annual Report, with the sustainability report starting  
as of page 126. The complete Annual Report is disclosed  
on our website and can be consulted via the following webpage:  
www.zurich.com/investor-relations/results-and-reports
1 Comprising Zurich Insurance Group Ltd and its subsidiaries.
Zurich Insurance Group

[page 2]
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
126
Message from our CEO on sustainability
  
Maintaining progress in
We support our customers to be 
more resilient by helping to prevent 
risks before they materialize.”
Mario Greco
Group Chief Executive Officer
an age of 
uncertainty

[page 3]
In 2025, we made significant progress 
against our climate transition plan. From 
September 2024 to September 2025, we 
engaged with 77 large insurance customers, 
exceeding our initial target of 65 
engagements within the first year of 
publication of our plan. Meanwhile, in our role 
as investor, we invested more than USD 12 
billion in climate solutions and generated over 
USD 2 billion in revenue from sustainable 
offerings. Compared with our 2019 baseline, 
we reduced our operational emissions by 69 
percent, overachieving on our interim target of 
60 percent reduction by 2025. 
The development of new energy sources, the 
construction of power plants and factories to 
cater for them, and their technological 
advancement, offer opportunities for us to 
innovate with insurance solutions. In 2025, we 
continued to provide customers with 
products and advisory services that cover a 
broad range of risks including renewable 
energy, green buildings, and climate-resilient 
infrastructure. In doing so, we support the 
transition of the real-world economy to 
innovate new technologies and to reduce 
climate risks. 
Another key priority of the climate transition 
plan is to help our customers be more resilient 
by helping to prevent risks before they 
materialize. As the focus shifts from building 
back better after disasters to building better 
before they strike, we work with customers to 
minimize the impact of natural hazards on 
their operations. In 2025, we further 
integrated resilience insights into our 
insurance business and continued to grow 
Zurich Resilience Solutions (ZRS), our 
specialized risk advisory business.
More widely, Zurich is also partnering with 
local governments and NGOs in communities 
around the world to build resilience against 
extreme weather events. We are supporting 
vulnerable communities through two Z Zurich 
Foundation programs: the Zurich Climate 
Resilience Alliance in 15 countries and the 
Urban Climate Resilience Program in 13 
cities.
Innovation is key to our strategy. We are 
partnering with startups, universities, and 
technology leaders to develop new solutions 
– from parametric insurance for climate 
events to data-driven tools for sustainability 
reporting. We are also pioneering new ways to 
measure and report on climate risks.
Our own transition is dependent on the 
transition of the real-world economy and an 
effective public policy framework. Through 
active engagement at COP30, New York 
Climate Week, and London Climate Action 
Week, and the publication of the 
Safeguarding our Energy Future white paper, 
we shaped and advocated for policies that 
can help achieve a just, resilient and 
economically successful transition. 
To achieve our aims, we need the best people 
in the market equipped with the right skills. In 
2025, we continued to build the talent 
pipeline in our global energy underwriting 
business. Attracting, developing and retaining 
talent in our core business will become even 
more important in the future. We continue to 
focus on long-term employability, fostering a 
culture of training and knowledge sharing. 
Supporting a successful transition and 
building societal resilience offers the 
prospect of a stronger, more prosperous 
future that will ultimately benefit our 
customers, the companies we invest in, and 
our own business. 
Mario Greco
Group Chief Executive Officer
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
127
  

[page 4]
USD 1.7bn
USD 2.1bn 2
72.8%
66.7%
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
128
Sustainability Highlights 2025
  
Engagements with our investees
4
Engagements 
to date 
Target: Until 2030, we will engage with 20 high-
emitting investee companies currently lacking 
credible science-based targets, focusing on those 
with the greatest potential to reduce real-world 
emissions.
Engagements 
with our customers
Interim target achieved
Sept 24 – Sept 25 target of 65 
engagements with 77 achieved.
83
Engagements 
conducted to date 
Target: By 2030, we will engage with 450 of our large 
insurance customers who contribute most heavily to 
our portfolio emissions, and where our direct 
relationship means we have a greater degree of 
interaction, on their transition.1
Suppliers with 
science-based targets
67.7%
of MPS is with suppliers
 having science-based 
targets to reduce 
emissions.
Target: By 2025, we will allocate 75 percent of our 
Management Procurement Spend 
to suppliers with science-based targets 
to reduce emissions.2
(54)%
(59)%
(55)%
FY 2024
FY 2025
2030 Target
Financed emissions
(59)%
Reduction emissions intensity 
of listed equity & corporate bonds3
in terms of metric tons CO2e per USD million 
invested, compared with 2019 baseline year.
(36)%
(FY 2024)
Reduction emissions intensity 
of direct real estate4,5
in terms of kilograms of CO2e per square meter, 
compared with 2019 baseline year.
(30)%
(36)%
(45)%
FY 2023
FY 2024
2030 Target
Insurance-associated emissions
(10.6)%
(FY 2025 - Initial estimate6)
Reduction of insurance-associated 
emissions intensity1
in terms of metric tons CO2e per USD million, 
compared with 2022 baseline year.
FY 2024
FY 20256
(Initial estimate)
By 2030 Target
(14.1)%
(10.6)%
(20)%
Operational emissions
(68.8)%
Absolute reduction in all 
operational emissions7,8
in terms of metric tons of CO2e, 
compared with 2019 baseline year.
FY 2024
FY 2025
By 2025 Target (60)%
By 2030 Target Net Zero
(68.8)%
(68.8)%
(60)%
Climate solutions9
6.9%
 of proprietary portfolio
6.5%
6.9%
6%
Revenues from 
sustainable solutions
USD 2.1 billions
FY 2024 FY 2025 2030 Target
Internal hiring
66.7%
FY 2024 FY 2025 By 2025 Target
Annual 
increase
FY 2024 FY 2025 By 2025 Target
 
Annual 
Increase
A
A
1 Determined by scope 1 and 2 for our customers’ emissions using the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) insurance-associated emissions methodology for commercial lines, covering customers with revenues greater than 
USD 1 billion.
2 We consider a supplier to have science-based targets when their emission reduction targets are approved by a scientifically accredited body or otherwise require a reduction of at least 42 percent in scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030.
3 Reduction of emissions intensity (scope 1 and scope 2). Emissions intensity is defined as metric tons CO2 equivalent per USD million invested.
4 Reduction of emissions intensity (scope 1 and scope 2). Emissions intensity is defined as kilograms CO2 equivalent per square meter.
5 2024 represents the latest year with final data. The 2025 dataset relies on a developing estimation methodology and is therefore not yet compared with the 2019 baseline.
6 2025 data is based on an initial estimation for our 2025 portfolio emissions based on the relevant 2025 in-scope portfolio premium, however relying on previous years’ reported customer emission data. 
7 Zurich Cover-More, Farmers Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, our joint ventures with Banco Sabadell and Banco Santander, smaller businesses like Real Garant and Orion, as well as our acquisition Zurich Kotak General Insurance are excluded 
since they were not reflected in the CO2e emissions baseline in 2019. Zurich Cover-More is the global corporate brand created in 2024 that combines AIG’s global personal travel insurance and assistance business (including the Travel Guard 
brand) (AIG travel) and Cover-More Group. Cover-More Group refers to Zurich's legacy travel insurance and assistance business that includes the following entities and brands: Cover More, Travelex, Universal Assistance, World Travel 
Protection, and Freely.
8 Resulting from air, rental and rail business travel, employee commuting, strategic data centers, printed paper and waste, as well as indirect energy impact.
9 FY2030 is estimated based on assets under management (AuM) 2023, equivalent to approximately USD 10 billion. Any portfolio activity will be subject to market conditions and potential other constraints.
A
Target achieved
Target 
achieved


[page 5]
Contents
1 Introduction and strategy 130
1.1 Our sustainability journey 132
1.2 Stakeholder overview 134
2 Governance 138
2.1 Governance around climate-
related risks and opportunities 139
2.2 Impact of climate-related 
performance on remuneration 140
3 Our planet 141
3.1 Strategy 141
3.2 Our view on climate risk 143
3.3 Our targets and metrics 162
4 Our customers 176
4.1 Customer-centric culture 176
4.2 Customer-centric solutions 179
4.3 Customer-centric interactions 185
4.4 Customer-centric trust 187
5 People 190
5.1 Our people 190
All amounts are shown in U.S. dollars and 
rounded to the nearest million unless otherwise 
stated, with the consequence that the rounded 
amounts may not always add up to the 
rounded total. Other numbers, e.g., full-time 
equivalent employees are shown with absolute 
values. All ratios are calculated using the 
underlying amounts rather than the rounded 
amounts.
5.2 Prevention of bribery & 
corruption 199
5.3 Human rights 200
5.4 Sustainable sourcing 202
5.5 Responsible tax 203
5.6 Community investment 204
6 Appendix 205
6.1 Our yearly progress on our 
targets and ambitions 205
6.2 Material topics and subtopics 
reference table 207
6.3 Methodologies 207
6.4 Investments – KPI yearly 
progress 211
6.5 Career level distribution of our 
workforce 214
6.6 Swiss legal requirements (CO 
Art. 964b) 215
6.7 TCFD reference table 216
6.8 Assurance scope visualization 217
7 Independent assurance report 219
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
129
Sustainability report 
  

[page 6]
Sustainability is about the long-term 
success of our business.
 
We are continuously strengthening our 
approach to sustainability to help enable 
our customers to succeed in the transition 
to a more resilient future.” 
Linda Freiner
Group Chief Sustainability Officer (Group CSO)
1.1 Our sustainability journey
1.2 Stakeholder overview
Our journey on sustainability reporting continues to evolve with our ambition to provide clear, comprehensive and 
decision-useful information on our progress along our key sustainability indicators on page 
128. This year’s report marks 
important progress in implementing our climate transition plan1 towards our ambition to become a net-zero business by 
2050, across insurance, investments and operations. It highlights both achievements and areas requiring continued attention.
As part of this progress update, we2 report on our first interim milestone of our customer engagement where we 
conducted engagements with 77 of our large insurance customers3 between the publication of our climate transition 
plan in September 2024 and September 2025, exceeding our target of 65. 
In parallel, our double materiality assessment (DMA) has been reviewed, with all material topics reconfirmed. This 
enables our disclosures to continue to reflect the issues most relevant to our internal and external stakeholders and our 
business.
We continue to be guided by our Sustainability Framework,4 focusing on our customers, our planet and its people as the 
cornerstones of a resilient organization and therefore, the report is clustered into those three main focus areas. This 
year’s report represents a progress update toward our qualitative ambitions and quantitative targets, measuring how far 
we have come in one year since the launch of our climate transition plan, while keeping a clear line of sight on the work 
that lies ahead.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
130
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
1. Introduction and strategy 
  
1 1www.zurich.com/sustainability/strategy-and-reporting/climate-transition-plan
2 2Comprising Zurich Insurance Group Ltd and its subsidiaries, the Group or Zurich.
3 3Determined by scope 1 and 2 for our customers’ emissions using the PCAF insurance-associated emissions methodology for commercial lines, covering customers with revenues 
greater than USD 1 billion.
4 4www.zurich.com/sustainability/strategy-and-reporting/strategy

[page 7]
Figure 1
Our sustainability reporting journey
FY 2021 FY 2022 FY 2023 FY 2024 FY 2025
 
Progress of our 
sustainability 
report (part of the 
Annual Report)
– SASB & WEF: first-
time partial 
reporting.
– TCFD: first 
performance of 
climate risk scenario 
assessment.
– Reporting on 
Zurich’s 
sustainability pillars.
– New KPIs 
developed and 
measured: e.g., 
sustainable 
revenues.
– Limited assurance 
received on most 
material KPIs.
– SASB & WEF & 
TCFD: enhancement 
across frameworks.
– Expansion of 
scenario-based 
climate risk 
assessment and 
disclosure of 
additional asset 
classes.
– Additional KPIs mainly 
capturing Investment 
management, claims, 
digital training, 
procurement.
– Reasonable 
assurance received 
on environmental 
KPIs.
– Compliance with new 
requirements under 
the Swiss CO on 
non-financial 
reporting.
– First shareholders’ 
advisory vote on 
Sustainability Report 
at the AGM 2024.
– Compliance with the 
Swiss Ordinance on 
Climate Disclosures 
including transition 
plan and TCFD 
(already reported).
– Focus on enhancing 
the sustainability 
report by 
streamlining and 
improving its content 
providing progress 
update on our 
climate transition 
plan.
– Compliance with the 
Swiss Ordinance on 
Climate Disclosures 
with the publication 
of our climate-related 
disclosures in a 
machine-readable 
format.
Relevant 
regulatory 
developments
– FINMA disclosure 
requirements on 
climate risk apply.
– FINMA guidance on 
climate risk 
disclosures applies.
– New requirements 
under the Swiss CO 
on non-financial 
reporting apply. 
– TCFD and transition 
plan – mandatory 
under the Swiss 
Ordinance on 
Climate Disclosures.
– TCFD disclosures to 
be published in a 
machine-readable 
format under the 
Swiss Ordinance on 
Climate Disclosures.
SR: Sustainability Report
SASB: Sustainability Accounting Standards Board - standard for the insurance industry
WEF: 21 core metrics World Economic Forum - Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics
Swiss CO: Swiss Code of Obligations
TCFD: Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
AGM: Annual General Meeting
Basis of presentation
This sustainability report is based on applicable Swiss legal requirements, including under Article 964a-964c of the 
Swiss Code of Obligations and the Swiss Ordinance on Climate Disclosures, mandating compliance with TCFD 
requirements. It is also based on internationally recognized standards and frameworks, including the Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB). It also provides interoperability with global standards while recognizing the 
continued challenges of diverging jurisdictional reporting requirements.
Our reporting covers the period from January 1 to December 31, 2025, unless otherwise indicated. The structure of this 
report is guided by our double materiality assessment, conducted in line with the Corporate Sustainability Reporting 
Directive (CSRD).
We continue to apply a ‘disclose or explain’ approach. All indicators are presented within the report and labeled by their 
relevant sustainability focus area and reporting framework. Where data is extrapolated to present an annualized view, 
this is clearly indicated in footnotes of the respective tables. In addition, we provide detailed index tables mapping our 
disclosures to SASB, and our position on the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index.1
In 2025, we refined the set of external frameworks to focus on those most directly relevant to our regulatory 
requirements and our reviewed DMA. As part of this streamlining, we no longer report against the World Economic 
Forum’s International Business Council (WEF / IBC) and discontinued disclosing the GRI index table. This change 
recognizes that the information previously aligned with WEF / IBC is fully embedded within our core reporting approach, 
including our Sustainability Framework.
Legend of icons used
External frameworks and our standards Impact area
TCFD SASB Zurich 
Sustainability 
Framework
Double 
Materiality 
Assessment
Environmental 
impact
Social 
impact
Governance 
impact
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
131
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1www.zurich.com/sustainability/strategy-and-reporting/reporting/sustainability-report

[page 8]
1.1 Our sustainability journey
Insurance acts as a societal safety net for us all. We use our expertise as a risk manager to enhance resilience to natural, 
societal, economic and financial risks. For us, sustainability is a business opportunity as well as an urgent global 
imperative. That is why we have integrated sustainability across our business, both globally and locally.1 As a global 
insurer we work with our stakeholders in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, to support a more sustainable 
future for our customers and set up our business for success in a rapidly changing world.
1.1.1 Our Sustainability Framework 
We have been working to integrate sustainability across our business strategy for many years through our Sustainability 
Framework, using technology, innovation, learning, partnerships and governance as key enablers of implementation. 
In 2025, we continued to execute on our Sustainability Framework, especially in relation to enabling our commercial 
customers’ resilience and supporting their transition journey, as outlined in our climate transition plan. As a risk manager, 
risk carrier and institutional investor, we want to support individuals and organizations to succeed in the transition to a 
more resilient future.
Figure 2
Sustainability Framework – Our qualitative ambitions and quantitative targets in 20251
Customer: Support 
transformation towards 
a more sustainable future
– Grow sustainable revenue and risk 
advisory business.
– Increase climate solutions 
investments to 6 percent of assets 
under management until year-end 
2029.2
– Deliver on our data and responsible 
AI commitment.
Planet: Mitigate 
and adapt to 
climate change
– Execute on our climate 
transition plan.
– Interim 2030 target set for 
operations, investments and 
underwriting.
– 75 percent of managed 
procurement spend (MPS) with 
suppliers with net-zero targets by 
2030.3,4 
People: Future proof 
our people and enable 
more to thrive
– Increase share of internal hires.
– Sustain inclusive and equitable 
workplaces for everyone.
– Support people to protect their 
physical, mental, financial and social 
wellbeing.
1 www.zurich.com/-/media/Project/Zurich/Dotcom/investor-relations/docs/investors/Chairmans-Roadshow-2025.pdf
2 Equivalent to approximately USD 10 billion. Estimated based on AuM 2023. Any portfolio activity will be subject to market conditions and potential other constraints. 
3 MPS means the spend of approximately USD 2 billion annually managed centrally by Zurich’s Procurement and Supply Chain Management function on goods and services that are 
required to enable Zurich to maintain and develop its operations. In 2025, we successfully reduced the MPS reporting time lag thanks to a series of technical improvements. As a 
result, the reported MPS values now reflect the period from October 2024 through September 2025.
4 We consider a supplier to have science-based targets when their emission reduction targets are approved by a scientifically accredited body or otherwise require a reduction of at 
least 42 percent in scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030.
1.1.2 Assessing materiality
In 2025, we reviewed our DMA to assess whether any updates were needed following the comprehensive, bottom-up 
evaluation conducted in 2024, that was aligned with CSRD standards. By bringing together insights from numerous 
internal subject matter experts and benchmarking our assessment against peers, we aligned our understanding of 
materiality with the most recent trends and developments over the past 12 months. 
Overall, our 2025 review findings confirmed no significant changes to the overarching materiality established in 2024, 
despite the evolving external landscape. When considering the developments over the past 12 months, our 2025 
review has reinforced the importance of three key material subtopics: 
– Climate change mitigation (E1) – Diverging global transition trajectories and varying national climate commitments 
present challenges to customer engagement on climate action, potentially impacting progress toward our emissions 
reduction targets. Escalating projected economic losses arising from the impacts of climate change reinforce the 
critical importance of proactive mitigation measures across our business.
– Climate change adaptation (E1) – Increased public focus on climate adaptation and resilience building in the face of 
physical climate risks intensifying, has reinforced this topic's materiality. Stakeholder expectations for insurers to actively 
contribute to adaptation planning continue to grow alongside projections of increasing climate volatility and impact severity. 
– Training & skills development (S1) – Workforce development needs are emerging from our digital transformation 
priorities and AI integration initiatives. The critical importance of data literacy, responsible AI practices, and agile 
methodologies requires comprehensive upskilling programs to maintain competitive advantage and operational 
excellence.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
132
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1For more information on our business model, please refer to the Group overview on pages 15 to 18.


[page 9]
Figure 3
Double materiality matrix 
1 1Reinforced topic through our 2025 DMA review.
These most material topics and subtopics are covered as follows: We elaborate on climate change in chapter 3. Our 
planet (see pages 141 to 175), on consumers and end users in chapter 4. Our customers (see pages 176 to 189), on 
our own workforce in chapter 5. People (see pages 190 to 204), and on business conduct in section 5.2 Prevention of 
bribery & corruption (see pages 199 to 200).1 Moving forward, we will continue to monitor ongoing and emerging trends 
that likely influence the risks, opportunities and impacts associated with the specific subtopics that affect our business 
and stakeholders.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
133
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1
1 For an overview of the topics and subtopics in our Sustainability report, see Appendix 6.2 Material topics and subtopics reference table on page 207.
Climate change 
(E1) 
Own workforce 
(S1) 
Business conduct 
(G1) 
Consumers 
and end users 
(S4) 
Material
Topic Subtopic
l Climate change (E1) – Climate change mitigation1
– Climate change adaptation1
l Own workforce (S1) – Equal treatment and 
opportunities for all
– Working conditions
– Training and skills development1
l Consumers and 
end users (S4) 
– Information-related impacts for 
consumers and/or end users
– Access to (quality) information
l Business conduct (G1) – Corporate culture
– Protection of whistleblowers

[page 10]
1.2 Stakeholder overview
Taking into account our stakeholders’ needs is crucial in the identification of our sustainability priorities. This is why we 
actively engage with them in different ways. Stakeholder engagement allows us to get valuable insights, which we 
include in our decision-making processes. The feedback we collect helps us anticipate and mitigate potential risks and 
align our sustainability strategy with both internal and external expectations, thus strengthening the foundation of our 
Sustainability Framework1 and fostering the transparency and trustworthiness of our reporting.
Figure 4
Our key stakeholder groups
1 The Foundation is a Swiss-based charitable foundation established by members of the Group. It is the main vehicle by which we deliver on our global community investment strategy.
2 Our Group and employees contribute through fundraising, volunteering and cash contributions whereas the Foundation carries out community investment activities. Excluded are 
employees of Zurich Cover-More and of Farmers Group, Inc. (FGI). FGI, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group, and certain of its subsidiaries provide certain non-claims services 
and ancillary services to the Farmers Exchanges in the U.S. as their attorney-in-fact and receive fees for their services. The Group has no ownership interest in the Farmers 
Exchanges.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
134
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1For more information on our Sustainability Framework, see section 1.1.1 Our Sustainability Framework on page 132.
Shareholders
We engage consistently and 
openly with investors, analysts, 
rating agencies and proxy advisors 
to communicate our approach 
to sustainability and performance, 
and get invaluable insights 
into their expectations.
Employees
We support our people 
to perform at their best and build 
skills for long-term employability 
in an environment where they 
feel included, engaged and 
inspired.
Suppliers
We aim to work with suppliers 
who share our values, and we expect 
high standards of business conduct 
from those who represent us 
or do business with us. 
Governments, regulators 
and standard setting bodies
We foster and maintain strong, trusted 
relationships with regulators, 
policymakers and standard setting 
bodies to support our sustainability 
objectives.
Local communities
We invest in our communities, 
working closely with the Z Zurich 
Foundation1 (the Foundation) 
and through the efforts of our local 
offices around the world.2
Customers
We build meaningful 
relationships with our customers 
and improve their experience 
by understanding their needs. 
We support their sustainability 
transition by expanding 
our range of sustainable 
products and 
services.
Our 
Stakeholders
Asset managers
We drive meaningful change through 
strong relationships with asset 
managers, setting social and 
environmental standards across a 
variety of sustainability topics.


[page 11]
Customers – Listening to retail customers through Transactional Net Promoter Score (TNPS) and brand 
consideration surveys.
– Leveraging data to better understand our customers and their needs. 
– Relationship Net Promoter Score (RNPS) studies and surveys with brokers.
– Actively engaging with our commercial customers who materially contribute to our portfolio emissions.
– Addressing the empathy gap by actively listening, understanding and responding to our customers’ 
needs at every stage of their journey.
Shareholders – Chairman annual roadshow.1
– Meetings between shareholders and proxy advisors with Group CSO and Group Chief Underwriting 
Officer.
– ’Sustainability Guide to Zurich’ presentation2 updated annually.
Employees – Regular personal development conversations.
– Online and work-based skill development.
– Inclusion networks, Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) and volunteering opportunities.
– Employment relations and occupational health & safety representation.
– Employee events, including leadership forums, webcasts, townhalls and off-sites.
– Annual Zurich Experience Survey (ZES).
Suppliers – Integration of environmental, social and ethical business factors into procurement decisions.
– Supplier due diligence, training and events.
– Meetings with key suppliers to emphasize our net-zero ambitions and how they can play their part by 
engaging in their own net-zero aligned climate action.
Asset 
managers
– Collaborating with asset managers in highlighting best practice for climate conscious active 
ownership.
– Have a strong asset manager engagement process to systematically address climate related 
stewardship.
Governments, 
regulators 
and standard 
setting bodies
– Direct dialogue with regulators and policymakers across our key markets and on topics where we 
have relevant insight and expertise.
– Participation in industry dialogues through trade associations.
– Responses to consultations in order to help inform supportive policy.
– Thought leadership activity, including production of reports and participation in events.
– Actively participating in sector initiatives and standard setting bodies, such as the PRI, NZAOA, ICMA 
and OPIM.3
Local 
communities
– We share our resources and expertise to help build more resilient communities, adding value beyond 
our core business activity, including through volunteering, fundraising and other initiatives.
Engagement
1 www.zurich.com/-/media/project/zurich/dotcom/investor-relations/docs/investors/chairmans-roadshow-2025.pdf
2 www.zurich.com/-/media/project/zurich/dotcom/investor-relations/docs/investors/2024-a-guide-to-esg-at-zurich.pdf?v=1 
3 Principle for Responsible Investor (PRI), Net-Zero Asset Owners Alliance (NZAOA), International Capital Market Association (ICMA), and Operating Principles for Impact 
Management (OPIM).
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
135
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  

[page 12]
Customers – Improving customer communication through delivery of empathy training at service and claims centers.
– Use of TNPS feedback to redesign customer journeys.
– Greater understanding of customers' transitions and their emerging needs.
– Supporting product and service innovation with a focus on resilience.
– Further integrating resilience insights into our insurance business.
Shareholders – Increasing understanding of our shareholders’ expectations allows us to align our sustainability priorities.
– Enhancing transparency in tracking progress towards targets.1 
– Further developing remuneration framework and reporting transparency.
– Developing best practice in sustainability strategy and reporting.
Employees – Increasing employee engagement – and thereby business performance – by listening to and 
including employees' perceptions and experiences.
– Enabling employees to be at their best, and build skills for long-term employability.
Suppliers – Effectively managing environmental, social, ethical, and human rights risks in our supply chain.
– Increasing the percentage of our managed procurement spend (MPS) with suppliers that have 
science-based and net-zero targets.2
– Working to decarbonize our supply chain by supporting small and mid-sized suppliers to transition in 
collaboration with the SME Climate Hub.3
Asset 
managers
– Drive stronger sustainability practices by engaging with our private debt asset managers on data 
collection, disclosure and reinforcement of their own engagement towards portfolio companies.
– Mobilize our asset managers to engage with high-emitting investee companies, especially with those 
where strong geographic and cultural ties can amplify impact through these relationships.
Governments, 
regulators 
and standard 
setting bodies
– Shaping development of supportive policy frameworks.
– Limiting risk of unintended consequences from new regulations.
– Informing public policy debates and raising awareness of opportunities, e.g., through use of insurer 
risk insights to help improve resilience through timely investment in risk reduction. 
– Driving best practice in standard setting and market engagement to address systemic climate risk, 
through leadership roles in initiatives such as the NZAOA, ICMA and OPIM. 
Local 
communities
– Helping communities disproportionately affected by the climate crisis adapt and thrive.
– Collaborating to create sustainable development and positive impact in the communities where we 
are active.
Impact
1 For more information on our progress towards targets, see section 6.1 Our yearly progress on our targets and ambitions on pages 205 to 206.
2 MPS means the spend of approximately USD 2 billion annually managed centrally by Zurich’s Procurement and Supply Chain Management function on goods and services that are 
required to enable Zurich to maintain and develop its operations. In 2025, we successfully reduced the MPS reporting time lag thanks to a series of technical improvements. As a 
result, the reported MPS values now reflect the period from October 2024 through September 2025. We consider a supplier to have science-based targets when their emission 
reduction targets are approved by a scientifically accredited body or otherwise require a reduction of at least 42 percent in scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030. We consider a 
supplier to have net-zero targets when their net-zero target is approved by a scientifically accredited body or otherwise has a public target to neutralize any residual scope 1 and 2 
emissions by 2050.
3 For more information on the SME Climate Hub, see www.zurich.com/sustainability/planet/sustainable-sourcing#helping-suppliers-reach-net-zero.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
136
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  

[page 13]
Customers – Improved TNPS scores across our business.
– Improved Claims TNPS scores.
– Solid brand consideration across markets.
– Overall retention rates remained resilient, with variation across customer segments.1
Shareholders – Clear and increased shareholders’ support for the advisory vote of the Sustainability report 2024 at 
the AGM.
– Recognition of our sustainability leader status by main ESG rating agencies.2
Employees – Evolved strategic people priorities to focus on enhancement of core skills and upskilling in digital, AI, 
and data.3
– Improved female representation in senior management.4
– Improved rank and achieved third place among insurance companies in the Forbes World’s Best 
Employers award.5
– Global rollout of AI-enabled tools to augment employees’ impact.6
Suppliers – Suppliers improved their understanding of our Sustainability Framework, in particular our net-zero 
ambitions.
– Recognized by CDP as Supply Chain Climate Change Engagement Leader for the third consecutive 
year.
Asset 
managers
– Engaged with asset managers who fell short of our expectations regarding the consistent integration 
of ESG and climate-related considerations into their investment progress, ensuring they take 
corrective action and align with our principles. 
Governments, 
regulators 
and standard 
setting bodies 
–
Initiated engagement with regulators and standard setters on nature reporting.
– Engaged proactively with policy makers on the issues of extreme weather, protection gaps, and 
resilience through discussion papers and policy discussions at local, regional and international level 
(EU, COP30, London and New York Climate Weeks).
– Publication and engagement around research report ‘Safeguarding our energy future’ designed to 
highlight practical and policy solutions to reduce physical climate risks to renewable energy 
infrastructure in Europe.7
Local 
communities
– The Zurich Climate Resilience Alliance and the Urban Climate Resilience Program partnered with 
local and global organizations to implement tailored solutions in 24 countries, where community 
resilience is actively measured and improved.
– In 2025, we supported 40+ volunteering initiatives by teaming up with the Foundation as part of the 
Customer and Distributor Community Engagement program, working together with our customers 
and distribution partners on joint community goals.8
Our progress in 2025
We strengthened customer trust by improving TNPS scores, and increased retention in several customer segments. Our 
shareholders and leading ESG agencies recognized our continued effort. We earned a third place among insurers in Forbes’ 
Best Employers and were recognized by CDP as Supply Chain Climate Change Engagement Leader for the third consecutive 
year. We advanced our sustainability engagement, influenced policy on climate resilience, and delivered impactful 
partnerships and volunteering initiatives that enhanced resilience.
1 For more information on our retention rates, see section 4.1.3 Customer-centricity in action on pages 177 to 178.
2 MSCI - "AAA" rating; ISS - "Prime status" (Decile rank: 1); Sustainalytics - 14.8 (low risk); FTSE4Good - 4.4 (out of 5.0).
3 For more information on learning and development, see www.zurich.com/about-us/our-people/skills as well as section 5.1.1 Careers and work on pages 193 to 195.
4 For more information on representation of all genders across the organization, see section 5.1.2 Inclusion and belonging on pages 196 to 198.
5  www.forbes.com/lists/worlds-best-employers/
6 For more information on learning and development, see www.zurich.com/about-us/our-people/skills as well as section 5.1.1 Careers and work on page 194.
7 For more information on how we help our commercial customers be more resilient, see section 4.2.3 Innovating for our commercial customers on page 183, or see the full report 
‘Safeguarding our energy future’ online at www.zurichresilience.com/industries/energy.
8  www.zurich.foundation/engaging-with-us
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
137
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  

[page 14]
Sustainability is embedded 
in our governance framework.
 
Our governance framework is grounded 
in trust and accountability, and enables us to 
deliver long-term value to our stakeholders.”
Katja Roth Pellanda
Group General Counsel
2.1 Governance around climate-related risks and opportunities
2.2 Impact of climate-related performance on remuneration
The Board of Zurich Insurance Group Ltd has the ultimate responsibility for the Group’s success, for delivering long-
term sustainable value. It sets our values and standards, and establishes a framework of effective controls. As part of its 
strategic responsibility, the Board approves our sustainability strategy and objectives (including the Sustainability 
Framework), including non-financial targets with a material impact on the Group. It is supported by its Board Committees 
within their respective core mandates: 
– The Governance, Nominations and Sustainability Committee (GNSC) recommends our sustainability strategy and 
objectives, reviews the climate transition plan and exercises oversight on sustainability-related matters.
– The Audit Committee exercises oversight of sustainability reporting.
– The Risk and Investment Committee exercises oversight of risks, including sustainability risks.
– The Remuneration Committee evaluates the remuneration architecture, including incentive plans which are linked to 
appropriate performance criteria supporting the strategy’s execution.
At management level, accountability for different areas of expertise, including sustainability aspects related to each of 
these areas, is assigned to an Executive Committee (ExCo) member or a Group CEO direct report. By opting for an 
integrated approach, our existing governance bodies are responsible for sustainability-related topics that concern their 
field of expertise.
In addition, the Group Chief Sustainability Officer (Group CSO), who reports into the Group CEO, is responsible for 
driving our Sustainability Framework and acting as a sounding board for strategic alignment of global sustainability 
priorities to assure a consistent approach and to facilitate oversight. The Group CSO is also responsible for monitoring 
progress with respect to the sustainability priorities and targets, and reporting thereon to the GNSC, the Group CEO and 
the ExCo. 
The Group Sustainability team, reporting to the Group CSO, drives the development of sustainability priorities across our 
businesses, and supports regions, countries and functions with implementation by providing centralized expertise, 
facilitating collaboration and knowledge sharing, and ensuring that action plans are in place. 
Strategy development and its implementation is facilitated by the Sustainability Executive Team, which comprises 
sustainability heads of relevant functions, and which is chaired by the Group CSO. 
Regions and countries are operationally responsible for implementing the sustainability strategy developed at Group 
level. The strategy implementation is reviewed and monitored through quarterly internal scorecards. Progress toward 
climate-related targets across regions and countries is discussed at least annually as part of regular business 
performance review meetings. This is in addition to regular monitoring performed at Group level across key business 
functions.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
138
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
2. Governance
  


[page 15]
Figure 5
Sustainability is embedded in our governance framework
Overall strategic 
responsibility and 
oversight
Board of Directors
Responsibility within 
area of expertise
Governance, 
Nominations and 
Sustainability Committee1
Sustainability strategy, 
oversight and monitoring of 
approach to sustainability
Audit
Committee
Financial and sustainability 
reporting, disclosure, internal 
controls and external audit
Risk and Investment 
Committee
Oversight of risk profile and 
risk management framework 
and investment process 
(including sustainability risks)
Remuneration Committee
Remuneration architecture 
and performance 
metric achievements 
(including sustainability 
metrics)
Overall 
management 
responsibility
Group CEO
Responsibility within 
area of expertise
Group Chief Sustainability Officer2
Drives sustainability strategy, 
monitors progress
ExCo members
Subject matter responsibility 
(including sustainability 
strategy implementation)
CEO direct reports
Implementation, people 
sustainability, advisory, controls
Sustainability
responsibility
by management
committee or team
Sustainability Executive Team2
Development of sustainability priorities 
and support strategy development, 
implementation and alignment
Management committees
Subject matter responsibility 
including sustainability reporting risk, 
investment strategy
Operational 
responsibility
and strategic
implementation
Countries and businesses
1 Specific sustainability responsibility.
2 Dedicated sustainability responsibility.
2.1 Governance around climate-related risks and opportunities
The organization’s governance around climate-related risks and 
opportunities
As outlined above, the governance around sustainability-related topics – including climate and nature – is integrated 
into our governance structure. 
The GNSC has been mandated by the Board to oversee our approach and conduct with regard to sustainability. The 
GNSC was engaged on several strategic topics throughout 2025, including a deep dive into the execution of our 
responsible investment targets and our climate transition plan following the first year of its release. This update focused 
on progress in the delivery of targeted growth in sustainable revenues, targeted reductions in operational emissions and 
delivery of our customer engagement plan. Outcomes of scenario-based climate risk assessments inform our 
assessment of strategic resilience, with the Group CSO reporting the consolidated set of material actions arising from 
the scenario-based climate risk analysis to the GNSC after confirming with the ExCo for Group CEO approval. 
Oversight with respect to sustainability risks, including risks associated with environmental topics such as climate 
change and nature loss, is achieved through regular updates to the Risk and Investment Committee from the Group 
Head of Sustainability Risk. 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
139
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  


[page 16]
The accountability for sustainability, including climate and nature-related risks and opportunities, within each area of the 
business rests with relevant ExCo members and Group CEO direct reports. Responsibilities for such a role include 
contributing to the development and implementation of our climate transition planning, assessing and managing 
climate-related risks and opportunities, managing progress against climate-related corporate targets and value chain 
engagement on climate-related issues. Furthermore, environmental topics, including climate change, are considered as 
part of mergers and acquisitions decision-making and due diligence processes.
Further information on sustainability risk and its governance is set out in the risk review (see pages 224 to 255). Further 
information on our metrics and targets is available in section 3.3 Our targets and metrics of this sustainability report (see 
pages 162 to 175). 
2.2 Impact of climate-related performance on remuneration
Sustainability-related actions, including the support of the transition to net-zero, are reflected in the annual objectives for 
employees, including the ExCo members, where relevant. The corresponding achievements are considered in the 
individual performance assessment and in the determination of awards under the Group’s short-term incentive plan 
(STIP). 
In line with our climate transition plan, we continued to strengthen the link between climate-related performance and 
leadership accountability. Our long-term incentive plan (LTIP) includes a sustainability performance metric focused on 
operational CO2e emissions, weighted at 10 percent. Starting with the 2025-2027 performance period, the LTIP also 
includes financed emissions intensity, weighted at 10 percent. This metric focuses on metric tons of CO2e emissions 
(scope 1 and 2) per USD million invested of our listed equity and corporate bond holdings. This increased the total 
weighting of sustainability-related performance metrics within the LTIP from 10 to 20 percent, underscoring our role in 
facilitating a low-carbon economy. The LTIP is used for a defined group of our most senior positions, including all ExCo 
members.
Looking ahead, we will maintain this weighting for the sustainability-related performance metrics in the 2026-2028 
performance period.
Both the STIP and LTIP are further described in our remuneration report (see pages 93 to 99 and page 120).
The members of the Board receive fixed remuneration as an annual fee, of which half of the basic fee is paid in cash and 
half in five-year sales-restricted shares which are not subject to the achievement of any specific performance 
conditions.
Read more on Board fees in the remuneration report:
Pages 102 to 105
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
 140
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  


[page 17]
Taking action today 
to safeguard tomorrow.
When it comes to a changing climate, 
the cost of inaction is far higher than 
the price of prevention and protection.”
Linda Freiner
Group Chief Sustainability Officer 
3.1 Strategy
3.2 Our view on climate risk 
3.3 Our targets and metrics
Our review of the double materiality assessment confirmed climate change mitigation and adaptation as the most 
material environmental topics, underscoring their centrality to our strategy. These priorities guide our climate transition 
across insurance, investments and our operations.1
A stable climate and healthy, diverse natural environment are critical to continuing human and economic development. 
Environmental challenges, including climate change and nature loss, impact the real economy which we insure and 
invest in, and ultimately can impact on our long-term value. Understanding, measuring and managing these impacts – 
while seizing the opportunities that arise from the transition, is essential to creating sustainable value for our 
stakeholders. 
We continue to see the effects of climate change around us. The record-breaking heatwaves, floods, droughts and 
wildfires we have witnessed in recent years are expected to become
 more frequent and severe in the coming years. Our 
climate transition plan outlines our approach and role in addressing these challenges, focusing on helping society 
become more resilient whilst enabling an economy-wide transition to net-zero. 
As in
surer and risk manager, we also understand that safeguarding nature is fundamental to sustaining a healthy, 
thriving world and to enable sustainable growth and prosperity. Ongoing ecosystem loss weakens nature’s ability to 
absorb carbon, intensifying climate change and triggering further environmental degradation. This creates a harmful 
cycle that undermines the resilience of our physical environment. These interconnected risks impact our business and 
our customers who rely on a strong and stable economy.
That is why we aim to further deepen our understanding of nature-related risk and help customers to better manage and 
prevent these risks, especially where they amplify climate-related perils. 
While environmental topics beyond climate are considered as part of our approach to sustainability,2 understanding and 
managing climate change impacts remains a particular focus.3 This section presents our disclosure in line with the 
recommendations of the TCFD and represents our assessment of the resilience of our strategy to climate change risk.4 
For our climate risk management activities, refer to section 3.2 Our view on climate risk on pages 
143 to 161.
3.1 Strategy
The actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities 
on the organization’s businesses, strategy and financial planning
3.1.1 Our progress on our climate transition plan 
Climate change presents a dual imperative. The world must rapidly reach net-zero emissions to avoid the most 
damaging impacts and simultaneously build greater resilience against the physical hazards which will continue to grow 
even as we transition. As a risk manager, risk carrier and institutional investor, we play our role in helping to mitigate 
climate-related risks and financing the transition. 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
141
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
3. Our planet
1 1For further details on how we assessed materiality and what is relevant to us, please refer to section 1.1.2 Assessing materiality on pages 132 to 133.
2 2E.g., revenues resulting from sustainable solutions, see section 4.2.1 Revenues from sustainable solutions on pages 179 to 182. 
3 3Climate change has been identified as one of our most material topics. For more information, see section 1.1.2 Assessing materiality on pages 132 to 133.
4 4In order to simplify the structure, we embedded governance around climate change in Chapter 2. Governance on pages 138 to 140.


[page 18]
Our climate transition plan is built around four pillars and outlines how we are executing on our net-zero commitment:
Table 2
Our climate transition plan 
How we delivered on the four pillars 
of our climate transition plan in 2025
Enabling an economy-
wide net-zero transition
Making Society
more resilient
Advocating for 
supportive policies
Evolving how
we operate
For more than 150 years, we have 
protected individuals and 
organizations against risk so they 
can invest in the future with 
confidence. Today, this includes 
supporting our customers and 
investee companies to succeed in 
the transition to net-zero. We 
believe a successful transition will 
support our business. 
Climate hazards are likely to 
intensify for decades to come, even 
if the world reaches net-zero by 
2050. We are using our expertise to 
help more companies, cities and 
communities better understand, 
prevent and reduce risks before 
they materialize, while also 
supporting them to build back 
better after loss and damage.
Our net-zero ambition is dependent 
on the transition of the real-world 
economy and an effective public 
policy framework. That’s why we 
want to put our data, expertise and 
global network to use in shaping 
and advocating for policies that can 
help achieve a just, resilient and 
economically successful transition. 
We are continuing to decarbonize 
our own operations and supply 
chain. We are investing in our 
people and fostering a culture of 
learning and knowledge sharing so 
that our organization evolves with 
our ambition. This enables our 
employees to engage with 
customers, suppliers and the 
companies we invest in on their 
transition journey. 
In 2025, we did so by:
– Conducting engagements with 76 
large corporate customers and by 
engaging with 4 investee 
companies on their transitions. 
– Scaling climate solutions to 6.9 
percent of AUM in our proprietary 
investment portfolio. 
– Reducing the intensity of 
insurance-associated emissions in 
our large corporate customer 
portfolio by 10.6 percent1 
compared with the 2022 baseline. 
– Reducing the emissions intensity 
of our listed equity and corporate 
bond investments by 59 percent, 
and the emissions intensity of our 
direct real estate investments by 
36 percent in 2024 compared with 
the 2019 baseline.2
For more details, see section 3.3 
Our targets and metrics on pages 
162 to 175.
In 2025, we did so by:
– Launching the Climate Spotlight 
in ZRS, an interactive digital 
platform to help customers with 
climate risk modelling across 
their physical locations and 
global site portfolio. 
– Demonstrating continued 
thought leadership; publication 
of Safeguarding our Energy 
Future white paper.
– Supporting vulnerable 
communities through two Z 
Zurich Foundation programs: 
Zurich Climate Resilience 
Alliance in 15 countries and the 
Urban Climate Resilience 
Program in 13 cities.
In 2025, we did so by:
– Active engagement at COP30, 
New York Climate Week, and 
London dialogues. We 
consistently positioned resilience 
at the heart of climate policy 
debates, highlighting the critical 
role of insurance and the need to 
build long-term resilience.
– Contributing to policy 
consultations, such as GFANZ3 
nature transition planning, to 
ensure that our expertise informs 
the development of robust, 
forward-looking climate policies.
In 2025, we did so by:
– Continuing to decarbonize our 
own operations, delivering a 68.8 
percent reduction since 2019 
(see section 3.3.2 Our 
performance metrics on page 
173).
– Ongoing engagement to 
decarbonize our supply chain - 
67.7 percent of managed 
procurement spend4 with 
suppliers that have set science-
based targets5 (see section 3.3.2 
Our performance metrics on 
page 
175).
– Promoting our internal 
Sustainability Academy and 
evolving the offer of functional 
training. 
– Building the talent pipeline in our 
global energy underwriting 
business, see also section 4.1.4 
Sustaining our commitment on 
p
age 178.
1 2025 data is based on an initial estimation for our 2025 portfolio emissions based on the relevant 2025 in-scope portfolio premium, however relying on previous years’ reported 
customer emission data. 
2 2024 represents the latest year with final data. The 2025 dataset relies on a developing estimation methodology and is therefore not yet compared with the 2019 baseline.
3 The Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero (GFANZ) is an independent, private-sector-led initiative focused on mobilizing capital and removing barriers to investment in the global 
transition. 
4 MPS means the spend of approximately USD 2 billion annually managed centrally by Zurich’s Procurement and Supply Chain Management function on goods and services that are 
required to enable Zurich to maintain and develop its operations. In 2025, we successfully reduced the MPS reporting time lag thanks to a series of technical improvements. As a 
result, the reported MPS values now reflect the period from October 2024 through September 2025.
5 We consider a supplier to have science-based targets when their emission reduction targets are approved by a scientifically accredited body or otherwise require a reduction of at 
least 42 percent in scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030.
Supporting a successful transition and building societal resilience offers the prospect of a stronger, more prosperous 
future that will ultimately benefit our customers, the companies we invest in, and our own business. There will be 
setbacks and challenges, but the price for inaction is far higher than the price of prevention and protection. 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
142
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  

[page 19]
3.2 Our view on climate risk 
The processes used by the organization to identify, assess and manage
climate-related risks
3.2.1 Integration of climate risk within the overall risk management framework
Physical and transition risk will play out over coming decades with pervasive impacts to the global economy and 
potentially our business, if they are not adequately managed. Understanding and managing potential impacts is an 
important aspect of maintaining our short- and longer-term profitability. Over the medium to long term, physical risk is 
expected to increasingly impact economic growth. The new technologies, energy generation and construction 
methods expected to evolve as part of the transition to a net-zero economy will serve to influence the size and 
composition of the global economy.
The long time horizons over which climate change will play out, introduce uncertainty around the degree to which 
physical or transition risk shapes the future global economy. This further depends on the nature of public policy 
frameworks introduced over the coming decades. As the global economy evolves in response to the changing climate, 
our business will be impacted, most notably through shifts in demand for our products, evolving loss patterns 
associated with those products and changes to the value of our assets and liabilities.
Our approach to climate risk
We consider impacts from climate change to be drivers for other risks, such as market or natural catastrophe risks. Our 
approach to managing climate risk is embedded in our multi-disciplinary, Group-wide risk management framework, with 
the objective of informed and disciplined risk taking. The risk management framework is based on a governance process 
starting from our Board that sets forth clear responsibilities for taking, managing, monitoring and reporting risks. 
Our risk management framework allows us to manage near-term impacts and navigate highly uncertain outcomes over 
the medium to long term. Assessments of the evolving physical and transition risk landscape are integrated into our 
underwriting and investment strategies. 
– Over the short term, we use sophisticated natural catastrophe modeling, with a focus on underwriting activities, 
to support profitability and management of accumulation risk. The models account for changes in frequency and 
severity of perils. The modelled outcomes inform our capital and solvency assessment, as well as our financial 
planning and reinsurance strategy. This approach is supplemented by our proprietary Total Risk Profiling™ 
methodology, which allows us to assess risks in terms of severity and likelihood. This creates a relative rating for all 
risks, including specific aspects of climate risk (e.g., physical and transition risks), and supports the definition and 
implementation of mitigating actions. 
– For the medium to long term, we complement our short-term management of climate-related risks through the use of 
scenario-based climate risk analysis, which allows us to assess the strategic implications of climate change over 
time horizons extending beyond the financial cycle and assess the resilience of our strategy to potential climate 
risks. We employ a static balance sheet approach, fully recognizing that the analysis is a theoretical ‘what if’ exercise, 
which is useful to stretch management thinking about the medium-to-long-term outlook.
Figure 6
Managing and understanding climate-related impacts is integral to our business
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
143
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
Today 1 year 3 years 10 years
(2035) 2050

[page 20]
Figure 7
Time horizons considered
Medium term 
3 – 10 years 
(until 2035)
While we operate with a three-year financial cycle horizon, a consideration of longer time horizons allows 
us to reflect potential risks and opportunities associated with climate change in the formulation of 
appropriate responses. A 10-year horizon allows us to balance the need for strategic insight with the 
growing uncertainty associated with longer time horizons. Our view on the resilience of our business 
strategy over the medium term is informed through the use of scenario analysis. 
Long term 
10+ years 
Our net-zero commitment requires that we extend our time horizons beyond 10 years to consider more 
fully the potential risks and opportunities associated with aligning our business with a net-zero future. 
Such time horizons are well suited to certain long-term assets such as real estate investments and life 
insurance risks. Our view on the resilience of our business strategy over the long term is informed through 
the use of scenario analysis. 
Short term 
0 – 3 years 
(until 2027)
This is aligned with our financial cycle, in which we place a particular focus on managing the changing 
frequency and severity of perils, which is critical to ensuring profitability and management of accumulation 
risk. Over this horizon, insight derived from our natural catastrophe modeling (see section 3.2.2 Our short-
term approach to climate risk: natural catastrophe modeling on pages 144 to 147) informs our capital and 
solvency calculations. Our view of natural catastrophe risk also underpins profitability assessments and 
strategic capacity allocation and guides the type and quantity of reinsurance we buy. Drivers of transition 
risk that could have an impact on the achievement of our short-term strategic objectives are in scope for 
consideration as part of our annual process by applying our Total Risk Profiling™ methodology. 
3.2.2 Our short-term approach to climate risk: natural catastrophe modeling1
To manage short-term climate risks more effectively, we are investing in a deeper understanding of their impact –
particularly on our Property & Casualty (P&C) portfolios. Modeling the effects of physical risk is a key focus, as the 
changing frequency and severity of perils over time need to be understood for managing accumulation risk. 
We have developed advanced natural catastrophe modeling capabilities to guide underwriting decisions and keep 
accumulations within defined exposure limits. This risk view supports profitability assessments, strategic capacity 
allocation, and reinsurance purchasing. To achieve global consistency, catastrophe exposures are modeled centrally.
Third-party models provide a baseline but are refined by expert teams to reflect our proprietary ‘Zurich View’ – a 
structured, quantitative approach we have applied since 2005. This includes adjustments for frequency, severity and 
uncertainty, incorporating observed climate change impacts. We also account for non-modeled exposures and 
secondary perils, continuously enhancing model scope and data quality through technology.
Each catastrophe event informs model refinement through claims insights. We supplement internal expertise with 
external collaborations, including the Advisory Council for Catastrophes, PERILS AG, Oasis LMF, and the Global 
Earthquake Model Foundation. While traditional models rely on historical data, we are integrating general circulation 
models (GCMs) to assess future climate risks.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
144
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1Results from the Q4 2025 Group Catastrophe Model are presented in the analysis shown below. There are timing differences in the underlying exposures considered in this analysis 
(underlying exposures by peril region are generally as of June or September 2025, and, in exceptional cases, as of September or December 2024).


[page 21]
We focus on P&C exposures and monitor the following:
Approach
Current exposures to physical climate risk are expressed through annual expected loss (AEL) and probable maximum 
loss (PML). Modeled exposures comprising the peril regions are as follows:
– Central Europe hail: Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Great Britain, 
Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lichtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Norway, the Netherlands, Poland, Slovakia, 
Slovenia, Sweden and Switzerland.
– Europe wind: Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Germany, Guernsey, Ireland, Isle of Man, Jersey, 
Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Sweden, Switzerland and the UK.
– Europe flood: Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Ireland, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Norway, 
Poland, Portugal, Sweden, Switzerland and the UK, including others like Guernsey, Isle of Man, Jersey, San Marino 
and Vatican.
– Caribbean, Mexico and U.S. hurricane: Caribbean, Mexico and the U.S.
Scope
The climate risk assessment is applied to our portfolios, namely the exposure of our P&C business to natural 
catastrophe perils, impacted by climate change that could materially impact us over the medium to long term.
Quantification
AEL
AEL provides a view on the expected 
loss due to natural catastrophes per 
year, averaged over many years.
PML
PML is a tail metric that looks at 
severe, unexpected but still possible 
outcomes of natural catastrophes at a 
defined probability of occurrence.
Monetary losses
Amount of monetary losses 
attributable to insurance payouts from 
natural catastrophes.
Annual expected loss
Figure 8
Annual expected loss for top five peril regions1,2
in USD millions
243 251
169
152
119
231 233
199
156
136
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
Caribbean, Mexico and 
U.S.3 hurricane
U.S. severe 
convective storm 
(hail and tornado)
Europe 
wind
Central 
Europe 
hail
Europe 
flood
A 2024 B 2025
1 AEL excludes Farmers Re’s participation in the Farmers Exchanges’ all lines quota share treaty of 5.8 percent as of December 31, 2025. This treaty contributes to Zurich Group’s AEL 
for U.S. severe convective storm with USD 61 million and for U.S. hurricane with USD 9 million.
2 The 2024 numbers displayed are updated for the Caribbean, Mexico and U.S. hurricane and U.S. severe convective storm perils due to model updates. The impact of the model 
update gross of catastrophe reinsurance is 15.3 percent for Caribbean, Mexico and U.S. hurricane and 18.1 percent for U.S. severe convective storm. 
3 The geographic scope includes correlated exposure in the Caribbean and in Mexico. The AEL for U.S. hurricane only is USD 198 million in 2025.
Our modeled AEL from climate-related natural catastrophes provides an indicator of our current exposure to perils that 
might be affected by climate change. The AEL analysis above reflects our current top five peril regions, net of 
reinsurance, before tax and excluding unallocated loss adjustment expenses. This analysis helps us manage risks 
related to insuring these perils, such as accumulation risk. Risk appetite limits by peril region are in place and exposure is 
currently within appetite.
In 2025, we completed significant updates of our models for Caribbean, Mexico and U.S. hurricane, as well as for U.S. 
severe convective storm, leveraging the newest claims data. Prior year data in Figure 8 reflects the updated model. This 
allows us to show exposure, reinsurance and exchange rate impact only. Net positions in 2025 benefitted from 
enhanced external reinsurance cover. The increases for the European peril regions are mainly driven by exchange rate 
changes. 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
145
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
BA B
A
B
A BA
B
A


[page 22]
Probable maximum loss
The graphs below show the materiality of natural catastrophe risk relative to other risk types and the materiality of our 
climate-related perils to overall catastrophe risk. Natural catastrophe risk accounts for only 6 percent of our Swiss 
Solvency Test (SST) total risk capital. Of those 6 percent, only 44 percent relates to climate-related perils, with 
Caribbean, Mexico and U.S. hurricane being the largest contributor. 
Figure 9
SST by risk type and climate-related perils as proportion of natural catastrophe SST risk capital
SST total risk capital contribution by risk type1 Climate-related perils as a fraction of natural 
 catastrophe SST total risk capital2 
A Market risk  54% 
B Premium & reserve risk  27% 
C Business risk  7% 
D Natural catastrophe risk3  6% 
E Life insurance risk  4% 
F Other credit risk  2% 
A Caribbean, Mexico and U.S. hurricane  25% 
B Europe wind  12% 
C Europe flood  5% 
D Other climate-related  3% 
E Non-climate-related  56% 
1 Based on year-end 2025 SST ratio estimates. 
2 The natural catastrophe SST total risk capital is defined by the 1 percent worst annual losses. These are driven by peril regions with large potential losses beyond 100-year return 
period (e.g., Caribbean, Mexico and U.S. hurricane).
3 Estimated SST capital calculated based on the Group’s internal model, including a change to some natural catastrophe model components with a low materiality impact under review 
by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA.
Figure 10
Probable maximum loss by top three peril regions1,2
in USD millions
1,203
809
587
1,470
998
683
1,039
877
632
1,280
1,045
739
0
200
400
600
800
1,000
1,200
1,400
1,600
2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025
Caribbean, Mexico and U.S. hurricane Europe wind Europe flood
A 50 Year B 100 Year 
1 PML excludes Farmers Re’s participation in the Farmers Exchanges’ all lines quota share treaty of 5.8 percent as of December 31, 2025. This treaty increased our PML for U.S. 
hurricane by USD 48 million for the 50-year PML and by USD 54 million for the 100-year PML.
2 The 2024 numbers displayed are updated for the Caribbean, Mexico and U.S. hurricane peril due to model updates. This allows us to show exposure, reinsurance and exchange rate 
impact only. 
The net annual aggregate 50- and 100-year PML numbers reflect the potential annual loss caused by severe events 
that we expect to be exceeded once every 50 or 100 years, respectively. We rely on advanced natural catastrophe 
modelling capabilities for a reliable quantification of such rare losses. These capabilities allow us to consider not only 
severe historic events, but also a variety of possible scenarios that are even more extreme but have not happened yet. 
The 50- and 100-year PML are shown above for the top three climate-related peril regions measured by SST total 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
146
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
A B
A
B
A
B
A
B
C
D
E
F
B
A
C D
E
A
B
B
B
A
A


[page 23]
capital contribution.1 The most significant climate-related contributions to 50- and 100-year PMLs are posed by 
Caribbean, Mexico and U.S. hurricane, followed by Europe wind and Europe flood. The change of the 50- and 100-year 
PML from 2024 to 2025 is directionally aligned with the change in AEL.
P&C monetary losses from natural catastrophes
Our loss ratio for 2025 was 62.7 percentage with 0 percentage points attributable to natural catastrophe experienced in 
2025 under the following definition. We follow the Group’s Catastrophe Response Group (CRG) governance for natural 
catastrophe identification. The events and figures have been reviewed by the CRG, a cross-functional committee which 
oversees and recommends to the ExCo the best-estimate ultimate loss for material catastrophes. The term ‘catastrophe’ 
in the context of the CRG covers natural catastrophe peril events that are relatively infrequent or are phenomena that 
produce unusually large aggregate losses. We report events where the total net loss is above USD 200 million. 
No natural catastrophe in 2025 resulted in net losses above USD 200 million.
In estimating the total net losses of catastrophes, assumptions and models are applied. These assumptions and models 
do not only have inherent variability, but can also change over time as the catastrophe event develops. Hence the 
estimates can change over time as the event matures and the estimates become more stable. 
An important aspect of our proprietary view on natural catastrophe risk is the evaluation of patterns and trends in 
catastrophe activity with time. Natural variability of event activity is an integral part of our view on natural catastrophe risk, 
as are statistically significant trends that may be detectable in our claims experience or credible, conclusive modeling of 
past, present and future climate as a driver of loss activity. We regularly revisit our risk views and underlying models on 
climate-related perils in order to reflect trends in the hazard, whereas exposure trends are naturally captured by 
exposure data updates. Natural variability is at the same time evaluated and kept up to date as part of the regular 
reviews of our natural catastrophe risk view, which underpins the structuring and purchase of reinsurance along with the 
profitability assessment and strategic capacity allocation for risk assumed from customers.
We follow a gross-line underwriting strategy and focus substantial time and resources on achieving risk-adequate 
underwriting and pricing of the business we assume upfront, including consideration of potential climate change-
induced trends. Reinsurance is used as a means to maximize diversification of net retained risks and to protect 
shareholders against earnings volatility. We engage with a core panel of reinsurance partners to secure the required 
capacity at sustainable pricing. Given our financial strength, we have the option to weigh the benefits and cost of 
reinsurance against other forms of risk financing and thus adapt to supply-side changes in the reinsurance market as a 
potential consequence of the macroeconomic response to climate change adaptation.
3.2.3 Our medium- and long-term approach to climate risk: scenario-based climate risk analysis
We perform an annual scenario-based climate risk analysis to assess the resilience of our business model in relation to 
longer-term (medium and long term) impacts of climate change, considering our underwriting and investment activities 
as well as our own operations. An integrated modeling approach is adopted for the analysis of our underwriting and 
proprietary investment portfolios2 to ensure a consistent approach to the climate risk assessment. To complete our 
analysis, we consider potential impacts to our own offices, strategic data centers, and supply chain. For more details on 
our integrated modeling approach, see section 3.2.3.6 Our integrated modeling approach on page 
159).
Scenarios used
The scenarios used to assess our underwriting and investment activities are sourced from the Network for Greening the 
Financial System (NGFS) scenario suite, and are chosen to allow us to consider a broad range of risks and opportunities 
of varying degrees of physical and transition risk. This approach supports a robust assessment of our strategy’s 
resilience under net-zero aligned pathways as well as high physical risk conditions. The emissions pathways of the 
selected scenarios correspond broadly to representative concentration pathways (RCP) 2.6 (net-zero 2050) and 6.0 
(current policies). Our analyses are based on the latest update of the NGFS scenario suite (Phase 5). Compared with the 
prior Phase 4, this version is characterized by a significantly larger negative impact of physical risk. The changes stem 
from an enhanced approach to estimate economic damages resulting from changes in global temperatures (i.e., the 
damage function), thereby improving the accuracy of physical risk assessments. 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
147
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1Our disclosure shows our efforts to provide additional details. However it is acknowledged that full compliance is not envisaged e.g., due to our reporting standards (no disclosure of 
gross losses), or our industry’s catastrophe modeling standards. There are generally no catastrophe models available, for example, for chronic diseases, droughts and extreme heat 
and therefore no PMLs can be provided. Tsunami risk is correlated (and modeled) with seismic risk and therefore cannot be reported on a stand-alone basis as part of insured 
products from weather-related natural catastrophes, which are the scope of SASB.
2 2As per year end 2024.


[page 24]
Figure 11
NGFS scenario framework1
Current policies 
The current policies scenario assumes that no additional climate 
policies are introduced beyond those already implemented. Carbon 
emissions are projected to grow until 2080, leading to about 3°C of 
warming and severe physical risks. These include extreme weather 
events and irreversible changes like sea level rise. The assumed 
levels of physical risk impact productivity, suppress economic 
activity and ultimately result in weaker GDP developments. 
Transition risks in this scenario are minimal. While the short-to 
medium-term disruption of macroeconomic impact is relatively 
limited, the longer-term accumulation of the negative effects on 
economic activity makes this scenario the most damaging for 
economic growth among the climate scenarios considered in our 
analysis.
Net-zero 2050
Net-zero 2050 is an ambitious scenario in which global warming is 
limited to 1.5°C by 2100 through the immediate implementation of 
stringent climate policies – most notably carbon pricing – and 
technological innovation, with net emissions falling to zero by 2050. 
Physical risks remain, but are markedly lower than in the current 
policies scenario. This transition risk scenario is associated with a 
sharp, but relatively short-lived rise in inflation in the short term as 
carbon pricing is implemented. In the longer term, the economic 
impact is expected to be limited, as significant and transformative 
measures to reduce carbon emissions prove successful in 
decoupling economic activity from emissions. This, in turn, helps 
limit the rise in global average temperature and mitigates 
associated negative economic effects. Overall, the scenario is seen 
as more disruptive in the short term but leading to more limited 
long-term economic impacts as compared to the current policies 
scenario. 
Our approach to understanding physical risk impacts to our own operations, supply chain and our real estate investment 
portfolio requires a more specific focus on physical risk than is facilitated by the NGFS scenarios, and is therefore 
performed using ZRS expertise (see section 3.2.3.6 Our integrated modeling approach on page 
159). The scenarios 
used in this analysis, being RCP 2.6 (‘low emissions scenario’) and RCP 8.5 (‘high emissions scenario’) are broadly 
aligned with those used for our underwriting and investment analysis, meaning we consider similarly varying degrees of 
physical risk.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
148
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
Divergent 
net-zero 
(1.5°C)
Delayed
2°C
Below
2°C NDCs2
Net-zero 
2050 
(1.5°C)*
Current 
Policies*
Disorderly Too little, too late
Orderly Hot house world
*  Used scenarios.
1  Scenario used from NGFS: www.ngfs.net/ngfs-scenarios-portal
2  Nationally Determined Contributions.

[page 25]
3.2.3.1 Portfolio level scenario-based climate risk analysis: Underwriting 
Approach
Premium analyzed by line of business (LoB), region, industry and sector respectively to identify areas with potentially 
high exposure to physical and transition risk. Each such area analyzed in depth to understand the potential 
relationship between key climate drivers, insurance demand and loss experience.
Scope
The scenario-based climate risk analysis covers:1 
– Our full P&C portfolio, including personal lines and commercial business. 
– Our full life protection portfolio (representing approximately 72 percent of our life portfolio).2
Quantification
Demand impact 
Percentage change in demand is the estimated impact on 
size and composition of demand for insurance products 
due to the drivers of physical and transition climate risk, 
against a baseline scenario with no additional physical or 
transition risk. 
Change in expected losses
Percentage change in expected losses is the estimated 
impact on claims due to the drivers of physical and 
transition climate risk, against a baseline scenario with no 
additional physical or transition risk. 
Main risk drivers
P&C 
– General suppression of economic growth may impact 
insurance demand (under both scenarios).
– Increased losses in our property and motor insurance 
books due to changes in severity and frequency of 
severe weather events (under both scenarios). 
– Increased insurance losses due to rapid advancement 
of low-carbon technologies (under the net-zero 2050 
scenario).
Life
– General suppression of economic growth may impact 
insurance demand (under both scenarios). 
Main findings
P&C
While the new NGFS model (Phase 5) leads to increased 
physical risk impacts under both the current policy and 
net-zero scenario, the impacts are still considered to be 
below our materiality, with our established risk and 
portfolio management process suitable to respond to the 
potential developments.
Life
Moderate economic growth suppression may lead to a 
non-material decline in the demand growth for life 
protection insurance compared with baseline 
expectations. 
1 As per year end 2024.
2 Based on insurance revenue.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
149
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
Sierra Signorelli
CEO Commercial 
Insurance


[page 26]
The outcomes from our underwriting medium-to-long-term scenario-based climate risk analysis are presented below in 
detail. 
Medium term 
Figure 12
Potential climate change-related impacts to our underwriting portfolio under current policies and net-zero 2050 
scenarios with strategically aligned responses
Transportation C C C C C
Agriculture B A A C C
Heavy industry C C C C C
Other manufacturing B B A C C
Fossil fuel C C B C C
Power (electric utilities) C C C C C
Mining C C C C C
Real estate B B B C C
Construction B B D C C
Other (low-carbon-intensity sectors) A A A C C
P&C Retail A A A B B
Life protection: all sectors1 A B C C C
Demand impacts Loss impacts
Portfolio
weight
Current
policies
Net-zero
2050
Current
policies
Net-zero
2050
Industry / Sector1
Portfolio weight (% of GWP) Impact thresholds2
A High (>10%) A High risk (relevant for D Low growth
B Medium (5–10%) consideration Group E Medium growth
C Low (<5%) response) F High growth
B Medium risk
C Low risk
Definition of terms used:
– The colors represent demand/loss impacts in absolute terms. Sectors accounting for a higher portfolio share may experience a higher absolute impact despite low relative climate 
risk exposure.
– Sector: Industry group of the customer base except for transport, which was considered together with the total motor book, and property, which was considered across industry due 
to the overarching impact of physical risk associated with climate change.
– Weight in underwriting portfolio: Indicates how much the sector/geography/line of business being considered contributes to the overall underwriting portfolio.
– Demand impacts: High, medium and low risk relate to the potential decline in premium volume due to the various scenarios whereas high, medium and low growth indicate that there 
is a potential increase in premium due to the changing landscape driven by transition.
– Loss impacts: High, medium and low as above relate to the potential increase in losses in each sector if no strategic or mitigating action is taken as part of the underwriting strategy. 
1  For P&C, impact thresholds are applied per industry/sector. Impact thresholds for Life are applied at the protection portfolio level. 
2  Note that high impacts do not necessarily equate to material impacts at Group level. 
 
Results in Detail – P&C 
Current policies:
Physical risk dominates impacts in the current policies scenario in the medium term, with no additional transition risks 
introduced. With the increased impacts from physical climate risks over time, a general suppression of economic growth 
is expected, which may reduce demand for insurance across our commercial and personal lines portfolios. Additionally, 
changes in severity and frequency of severe weather events can increase losses in our property books across all 
sectors. Increased losses are also anticipated for our motor insurance book, driven by the assumption of higher electric 
vehicle (EV) penetration consistent with recent sales trends. Despite the increase in physical risk, and associated impact 
on economic growth, portfolio impacts are expected to be moderate over the medium-term timeline.
In the long term, the severity and frequency of acute and chronic physical risks are expected to steadily increase, 
however with regional differences in speed and severity (e.g., coastal areas, wildfire zones). The agriculture sector is 
particularly sensitive to these evolving risks, as both chronic and acute risks can have a significant impact on the sector. 
Quantitative modeling of the P&C portfolio over this timeline is no longer sensible because future social, political and 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
150
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  

[page 27]
technological changes will strongly affect insurance loss trends. These trends are hard to predict over longer time 
periods. Since we operate mostly in developed countries with a fairly high adaptive capacity, it is likely that for the 2050 
time horizon, insurability will also depend on political and market developments rather than on physical risk alone.
Net-zero 2050:
The transition risks introduced by rapid decarbonization are expected to lead to additional economic impacts, compared 
to the baseline scenario, in carbon intensive industry sectors over the medium term. The investments required to 
transition existing infrastructure to net-zero readiness, e.g., in the power and real estate sectors, will create financial 
pressures for those sectors, restricting growth opportunities. Physical risks also continue to increase at a similar 
magnitude as the current policy scenario over the medium-term scenario horizon. This is driven by the historical 
emissions already affecting the frequency or severity of extreme weather events and chronic risks, including heat waves 
and droughts. These increased risks not only affect vulnerable sectors like agriculture, but also have broader economic 
repercussions, leading to financial strain across the wider economy and potentially reduced insurance demand. Even 
sectors such as construction, anticipated to benefit from additional investments into transition activities, may experience 
negative growth when both physical and transition risk effects are combined.
As our portfolio has limited exposure to carbon-intensive industries that face significant transition risk (e.g., fossil fuel 
and heavy industry), the overall negative portfolio impact on insurance demand under a net-zero scenario is expected to 
be slightly lower than under the current policy scenario. The net-zero scenario also suggests some growth areas, such 
as the construction industry, that benefit from increased investments into refurbishments and new infrastructure builds.
Insurance losses may increase as new low-carbon technologies are adopted and deployed quickly. The risks associated 
with these new technologies are difficult to price due to the lack of historical claims data. This could result in higher 
claims during the transition period. This applies to new technologies in renewables, carbon capture and storage for 
power and industry, hydrogen for industry, as well as new construction materials and alternative techniques in the 
construction sector, that are required to meet net-zero standards. A similar dynamic is evident in the automotive sector, 
where the increasing uptake of electric or alternatively fueled vehicles have resulted in a pronounced negative impact in 
our scenario modeling.
Looking ahead, transition risks under the net-zero scenario are expected to decline over the long term as the economy 
progressively aligns with a net-zero pathway. By 2050, most transition activities will likely be completed, resulting in a 
more stable economic environment with significantly reduced transition risks. At the same time, physical risks are 
projected to increase less significantly under the net-zero 2050 scenario than under the current policy scenario, making 
physical risks less relevant over the long term and resulting in a lower overall impact.
Results in Detail 
– Life 
Current policies:
Physical climate risks are the primary driver of impact, with no additional transition risks considered.
The scenario assumption is that increasing physical risk will lead to a general modest suppression of economic growth 
and hence lower demand for life protection insurance compared with a scenario with no climate change, in the medium 
term. Climate change-driven changes in temperatures are assumed to increase claims losses based on their impact on 
specific causes of death or disability claims. 
Our life protection portfolio which is largely driven by retail sales and supported by corporate business, is sensitive to 
these dynamics. Retail demand is anticipated to follow GDP trajectories across key markets, while corporate demand 
reflects differentiated industry-level impacts derived from scenario analysis. Although our modeling suggests 
continuously lower demand in corporate life insurance, it may not fully capture emerging opportunities in expanding 
sectors with evolving workforce protection needs.
From a claims perspective, our high-level assessment indicates minimal loss impacts by 2035. Given our geographic 
footprint – primarily in developed markets with high adaptive capacity – we do not expect significant additional claims 
from acute weather events. 
In the long term, physical risks are expected to continue to moderately suppress economic growth and hence the 
demand impacts for life protection are further suppressed. From a claims perspective, even when extending the horizon 
to 2050, insurability is likely to be shaped more by political and market developments than by physical risk alone. In 
terms of physical risk, claims impacts from rising temperatures are expected to remain immaterial, although continuously 
increasing with rising temperature.
Net-zero 2050:
Given that our life protection portfolio is primarily driven by retail sales, retail demand is expected to mirror GDP trends 
influenced by transition risks across key markets. For our portfolio, there are immaterial adverse demand impacts from 
transition risk in the medium term, that eventually even turn into an immaterial benefit. Similar dynamics apply to our 
corporate business which is explained by a relatively low exposure to carbon-intensive sectors such as power and real 
estate. 
Physical risks are rising due to past emissions driving extreme weather, leading to broader economic impacts and 
reduced insurance demand. The demand impacts are lower under the net-zero 2050 scenario compared with the 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
151
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  

[page 28]
current policies scenario. From a claims perspective, projected loss impacts remain minimal through 2035 and are lower 
than under current policy scenarios, primarily due to a more moderate temperature increase.
Over the longer term, as the global economy aligns with net-zero objectives, physical risks are projected to decline, 
contributing to greater economic stability by 2050. Most climate-related risk mitigation activities are anticipated to be 
successfully implemented by then, resulting in a less pronounced increase in physical risks compared with the current 
policy pathway. Consequently, the relevance of physical risks diminishes over time, leading to a lower overall long-term 
impact on insurance demand. Equally, from a claims perspective, physical risk impacts will decline in the long term.
Responses
Under both scenarios, our existing portfolio management processes allow us to respond flexibly to potential climate 
trends and will enable us to address emerging climate-related risk drivers as effectively as other risk factors. 
Generally depressed economic growth and inflationary pressures predicted under both scenarios are risks we are 
equipped to deal with in line with general market and insurance cycles. Compared to the impact that is driven by 
static balance sheet assumptions, in practice, our portfolio would evolve with shifts in economic activity. This would 
allow us to capture growth from transition relevant activities and adopt our risk appetite to changes in both physical 
and transition risks our customers are facing. 
P&C 
In general, the diversification of our P&C business in terms of geographic footprint, industry mix and line of 
business limits our potential exposure. Our ability to annually re-underwrite and adapt our pricing and risk selection 
criteria to evolving trends allows us to respond to emerging climate trends and balance near-term market movement 
against mid-term strategic scenario possibilities. 
The scenario analysis confirms the relevance of the following existing initiatives, which are key to position our 
business for long-term success:
– Our natural catastrophe modeling and accumulation management processes already consider the impacts of 
climate change on relevant peril regions, and we will continue to refine these tools as risk patterns evolve.
– By maintaining our careful approach to underwriting new technologies by collaborating closely with our 
customers, we also expect to be able to maintain adequate pricing and risk selection to retain profitability through 
a net-zero transition period.
– Through actions outlined in our climate transition plan, we deepen our understanding of the technologies, barriers 
and dependencies involved in the transition pathways of different industries, which will also prepare us for the 
potential risks and opportunities expected under a net-zero scenario.
– Where we see profitable opportunities arising, we will continue to develop new insurance solutions for nascent 
technologies which present new risks and therefore require innovative approaches to insurance. By engaging 
early, we collect crucial data to identify and mitigate technological risks. 
Life 
Although our Life protection portfolio includes some longer-term contracts, the corporate segment is primarily 
short-term and characterized by a diverse geographic and industry footprint. For longer-duration business, we 
remain attentive to evolving trends that may influence mortality and morbidity over time. To support sound pricing 
and underwriting decisions, we will continue enhancing our climate-related loss analyses and integrating these 
insights into our risk assessment framework.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
152
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  

[page 29]
3.2.3.2 Portfolio level scenario-based climate risk analysis: Investments
Approach
Understand impacts to projected returns of assets through exposures of countries, industries, and companies to 
physical and transition risk drivers. Analysis informed by data on relevant risk drivers, including CO2e emissions, 
abatement costs, exposure to physical risks, dependency on fossil fuels. Materiality metrics are defined on a net (asset 
minus liabilities) basis, thereby reflecting the relevant impacts on our assets and liabilities.1
Scope
Our analysis covers both the asset and the liability side of the balance sheet. 
The following asset classes are covered explicitly:
– Corporate assets – corporate credit (USD 39.7bn) and listed equities (USD 6.9bn)
– Sovereign bonds (USD 54.7bn)
– Direct real estate (USD 11.8bn) 
Quantification
Assets and liabilities impact2 
Expected excess returns of assets over liabilities.
Asset only view 
Impacts for listed equities, corporate credit and direct real 
estate on a stand-alone basis. 
Main risk drivers
Climate risk drivers
– Temperature and carbon price.
Transmission risk drivers
– Economic growth and inflation.
Financial risk drivers
– Equity risk, credit spread risk, real estate risk, interest 
and currency risk. 
Main findings
Our analysis shows that climate-related financial risk does not pose a major risk to our capital position. Our asset-
liability management (ALM) approach, helps ensure we can meet our obligations and continue protecting customers, 
even as climate risks evolve.
Climate change-related risks can have meaningful impacts on the returns of certain asset classes such as equities. 
The geographic and industry composition of our portfolios help to limit these risks meaningfully. 
1 As per year end 2024 market value exposure.
2 Net asset and liability view was not available for our scenario-based climate risk analysis in previous years. For liabilities, only interest rate risk drivers are considered in the climate 
scenario analysis. Other market and non-market risk factors that influence the value of liabilities are not considered. See section 3.2.3.6 Our integrated modeling approach on page 
159 for more details.
Results in detail – portfolio impact (net asset-liability view)
In 2025, we enhanced our scenario-based climate risk analysis by integrating a net asset-liability model. The net asset-
liability approach assesses the impact on both sides of the balance sheet, capturing the dynamic interplay between 
assets and liabilities, and highlights the offsetting effects of changes in interest rates. This offset is a direct result of our 
disciplined asset-liability management (ALM) investment approach and reflects our strong commitment to safeguarding 
the interests of our policyholders.
Our analysis indicates that climate change-related risk to projected financial returns does not pose a major risk to our 
capital position across all climate scenarios considered. A key insight is that our financial exposure to climate-related 
risks is smaller and more closely aligned with our investment approach when assessed on a net balance sheet basis, 
rather than by looking at individual asset classes in isolation. 
The net view is supplemented by an asset-only view, which is relevant for equities, corporate credit, and direct real 
estate, which have risk drivers without liability offset. Although equities can be exposed to climate-related risks, their 
relatively small share in our investment portfolio limits their overall impact on the balance sheet. Comparable 
considerations apply to direct real estate. Similarly, credit spread volatility from climate-related risks is limited and not 
material, given that our corporate credit portfolio is primarily investment grade. For sovereign bonds, an asset-only view 
is not relevant due to offsetting effects on liabilities.
More generally, the geographical distribution of our investments, reflecting the geographic footprint of our business to 
less at-risk countries, helps mitigate the impact of climate-related risks. Similarly, our sector allocation characterized by a 
relatively low exposure to highly carbon-intensive sectors helps limit overall risks. 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
153
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
Stephan van Vliet
Group Chief 
Investment Officer


[page 30]
Current policies:
Short-term risks are relatively limited but increase in the medium to long term due to rising global average temperature 
and increased frequency of extreme weather events, both of which disrupt economic activity. Compared to the net-zero 
2050 scenario, this scenario is characterized by larger adverse impacts on economic activity, but with more subdued 
inflationary pressures. This results in lower portfolio returns over the long run. The offsetting impact between assets and 
liabilities through their exposure to interest rate risk reduces the net overall exposure of the balance sheet, such that the 
impact on our balance sheet remains limited and does not pose a risk to our capital position.
Net-zero 2050:
A rise in inflation associated with carbon pricing policies and the transition of energy systems makes this scenario 
particularly disruptive for fixed income securities such as sovereign bonds. Over the near to medium term, these 
disruptions are reflected in rising interest rates and falling bond prices. Equities experience significant losses during the 
short and medium term, as climate policies, such as carbon pricing, are implemented. The impact is driven by both 
slower economic growth and a higher inflation and interest rate environment. Investment grade credit spreads widen, 
but in a more limited fashion than equities due to their lower risk profile. 
The offsetting impact between assets and liabilities through their exposure to interest rate risk considerably reduces the 
net overall exposure of the balance sheet. The analysis shows that the investment portfolio composition, reflecting our 
geographical footprint with a concentration in developed countries which are less exposed to climate-related risks and 
which have a fairly high adaptive capacity, limits risk exposure compared with broad global benchmarks. 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
154
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  

[page 31]
Results in detail – Corporate assets 
Listed equities
Figure 13
Estimated impact on listed equity portfolio across net-zero 2050 and current policies scenarios in comparison with 
a well-diversified global equity benchmark1
Fossil fuel C C A A C C
Hard-to-abate 
manufacturing
C C D C C C
Manufacturing and non-
fossil fuel mining
A A D D C C
Other services A A D D D D
Transportation C B D D C C
Financials A A D D D D
Electric utilities C C C C C C
Buildings C C D D C C
Sector weights Net-zero 2050 Current policies
Sector
Investment 
portfolio Benchmark
Investment 
portfolio Benchmark
Investment 
portfolio Benchmark
Sector weight (% of listed equity portfolio) Impact thresholds2
A High (>10%) A Very high risk E Moderately low risk
B Medium (5–10%) B High risk F Low risk
C Low (<5%) C Moderately high risk G Opportunity
D Moderate risk
1 The sector heatmap is calibrated to highlight relative impact per industry sector. Aggregate scenario level impacts are assessed in relation to our definition of financial materiality.
2 High im pacts do not necessarily equate to material impacts at Group level. 
Overall, the impacts on our global equity portfolio are in line with those of the broad market benchmark under the current 
policies scenario, and relatively less severe under the net-zero 2050 scenario. Differences with the broad market 
benchmark result from several factors, including the geographic exposure, different sector weightings and specific 
security exposure of the portfolio.
Net-zero 2050:
We observe significant transition risk exposure in sectors such as fossil fuel, hard to abate manufacturing (e.g. steel, 
cement and chemicals), and electric utilities. The elevated carbon intensity in these sectors results in greater exposure 
to rising carbon prices. However, we note significant variation in impact within the electric utilities’ sector, which includes 
both large carbon emitters, as well as potential enablers of the energy transition. The enablers of the energy transition 
are expected to benefit from the policy change under this scenario.
Services sectors including financials see significantly smaller exposure. This can be explained by the markedly lower 
carbon intensity of these sectors. However, for financials, we note that the indirect exposure through the financing of 
higher-emitting sectors is only partially accounted for through scope 3 emissions data, which can lead to an 
underestimation of the sector’s exposure as a whole.1
Current policies:
Physical climate-related risks are estimated to have a meaningful negative impact on the projected returns of the equity 
portfolio. This is primarily driven by the significant impact on overall economic activity projected by the NGFS in the 
latest Phase 5 scenarios. Sector variation is more limited, compared with the net-zero 2050 scenario.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
155
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1Scope 3 emissions data include capture emissions that occur along a company’s value chain, including through investments. The scope 3 investment component only incorporates 
the financing of scope 1 and 2 emissions, excluding significant scope 3 emissions from higher-emitting sectors. 

[page 32]
Corporate Credit 
Figure 14
Estimated impact on corporate bond portfolio across net-zero 2050 and current policies scenarios in comparison 
to a well-diversified global benchmark1
Fossil fuel C B E E E E
Hard-to-abate 
manufacturing
C C F F E E
Manufacturing and non-
fossil fuel mining
A A F F E E
Other services A A F E E E
Transportation B B F F E E
Financials A A F F E E
Electric utilities B B F E E E
Buildings B B F F E E
Sector weights Net-zero 2050 Current policies
Sector
Investment 
portfolio Benchmark
Investment 
portfolio Benchmark
Investment 
portfolio Benchmark
Sector weight (% of listed equity portfolio) Impact thresholds2
A High (>10%) A Very high risk E Moderately low risk
B Medium (5–10%) B High risk F Low risk
C Low (<5%) C Moderately high risk G Opportunity
D Moderate risk
1 The sector heatmap is calibrated to highlight relative impact per industry sector. Aggregate scenario level impacts are assessed in relation to our definition of financial materiality. 
2 High im pacts do not necessarily equate to material impacts at Group level. 
The impact on the corporate credit portfolio is in line with a broad market benchmark under the current policies scenario, 
and relatively less severe under the net-zero 2050 scenario.
We observe that the negative impact on the credit portfolio is an order of magnitude smaller than that on the equity 
portfolio under both scenarios. This largely reflects the lower-risk of the corporate credit portfolio due to the less volatile 
nature of the asset class and its focus on investment grade securities. Corporate credit is exposed to interest rate risk, 
but this exposure is mitigated through the offsetting impact on our liabilities. C
redit spread driven impact is not being 
offset.
Net-zero 2050:
For our corporate credit portfolio, the impacts are directionally comparable to those of the equity portfolio, but more 
limited. Under this scenario, the fossil fuel sector is projected to experience larger impacts, as carbon prices rise and 
fossil fuel demand falls. We observe that the overall exposure of our portfolio is smaller than that of the benchmark. This 
result is driven by both a relatively smaller sector exposure to high carbon intensity sectors such as fossil fuel, and a 
higher sector exposure to financials which are projected to be relatively less exposed. It is also influenced by a relatively 
lower exposure to high risk firms within the fossil fuel sector, reflecting our long-standing ESG-integration approach.
Current policies:
We observe a moderately higher impact than under the net-zero 2050 scenario, with impacts broadly similar across 
sectors. The exposure of our credit portfolio is in line with that of the broad market benchmark.
Real estate 
We assessed direct real estate assets across 16 countries. The analysis indicates that the real estate portfolio’s 
exposure to climate-related risks is limited. Physical risk impacts remain stable under both the low- and high-emission 
scenario, as our real estate portfolio is predominantly located in areas with relatively low exposure to physical risks, 
particularly in Switzerland and Germany. Supplementary qualitative assessments show exposure to drought, hail, and 
wind events. 
For the assessment of transition risks, the Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor (CRREM) is used. Approximately 54 percent 
of the total real estate exposure is identified as CRREM misaligned, meaning these assets’ carbon emissions exceed 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
156
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  

[page 33]
the CRREM pathway thresholds for the year. Misaligned assets are more vulnerable to negative valuation trends driven 
by climate change related regulatory changes, evolving tenant preferences, and investor sentiment. CRREM 
misalignment therefore signals a potential risk. Consequently, these properties have been prioritized for detailed 
assessment and targeted action to support our climate objectives. This process enables us to identify and implement 
effective risk management measures, such as site-level assessments and adaptation investments. 
Overall, the detailed assessment confirms that the financial impact of climate-related transition risks on our direct real 
estate portfolio remains limited.
Responses
Climate change-related risks do not pose a major risk to our capital position from a net balance sheet perspective. 
We note, however, that climate change-related risks can have meaningful impacts on the projected returns of certain 
asset classes such as equities. The country and industry composition of our portfolios helps to limit these risks, as 
compared to global representative benchmarks. 
We believe that our multi-faceted responsible investment strategy is adequately flexible to adapt to climate-
related risks highlighted by this analysis and we will continue to strengthen our practices to help us remain resilient 
to emerging risks. As part of our responsible investor approach and our understanding of climate risks, our security 
selection approach also takes into account the sustainability related risks and opportunities of our investee 
companies. For our direct real estate portfolio, the site level assessments helped identify adaptation investment 
opportunities, leading, for example, to the investment in rooftop solar panel installations and green building 
certifications. 
Our structured and disciplined investment approach is carefully crafted to match liabilities, minimize unrewarded 
risks and remain stable throughout the macroeconomic cycle. The resulting portfolio is highly diversified across 
asset classes, sectors and geographies. On an issuer level, both transition risks and opportunities are managed 
through ESG integration.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
157
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  

[page 34]
3.2.3.3 Portfolio level scenario-based climate risk analysis: Own operations and supply chain
Approach
The climate risk assessment for our own operations including suppliers utilizes the risk methodology and proprietary 
data from Zurich Resilience Solutions to identify and quantify current risks, and anticipate future exposures that could 
potentially disrupt business operations. This is combined with an assessment of resilience to transition risk drivers for 
our own operations and by applying an internally developed model to our supply chain to estimate potential changes 
in supplier financial stability. 
Scope
– Owned offices and offices with greater than 10-year lease terms, with more than 100 employees. 
– All strategic data centers. 
– Suppliers providing critical services to the Group or multiple business units.1
Quantification
Residual exposure to physical and transition risks after consideration of implemented business resilience and risk 
management practices. 
Main risk drivers
Physical risk
– Increased frequency and severity of hazards e.g., 
extreme precipitation, hail, drought that have potential 
to create interruptions to our operations and supply 
chain.
Transition risk
– Intro duction of carbon pricing. 
– Supplier country- and industry-specific risks.
Main findings
Based on the impacts observed, we believe that executing our sustainable operations strategy and in-force risk 
management process, which focuses on business resilience and monitoring the supply chain, are sufficient to mitigate 
climate change risk. 
1 Zurich Kotak, BOXX Insurance and AIG travel are out of scope for supplier analysis due to ongoing integration activities. 
Own Operations
High emissions scenario:
Our offices and data centers are increasingly exposed to very high levels of drought and extreme precipitation across 
both medium- and long-term horizons. These hazards, alongside wind, tornado, and hail, impact at least 20 percent of 
locations and are intensifying in the long run. Each hazard poses distinct risks to operations, potentially causing both 
acute disruptions and chronic impacts. 
The transition risk assessment for operations applies internal expert judgment to evaluate climate-related risks identified 
in the TCFD recommendations, including policy, legal, technological, market, and reputational risks. While global carbon 
pricing is seen as relevant due to potential inflationary effects, its impact is not considered material given our low carbon 
intensity and proactive emissions reduction. Expense increases are expected to be lower than under the net-zero 2050 
scenario, where carbon prices rise earlier and more sharply, with long-term impacts being more pronounced.
Low emissions scenario: 
For the majority of the perils, the physical risk to our offices and data centers remain stable, or is reduced compared with 
the high emissions scenario. 
From a transition risk perspective, inflation-driven expense increases are expected to be higher than under the high 
emissions scenario, where carbon prices rise more gradually and to a lower peak. However the impact is not deemed 
material. 
Suppliers
High emissions scenario: 
The most prominent physical risk perils for supplier locations are (extreme) precipitation, wind, hail, drought, hot days and 
frost days in both time horizons. The number of locations with very high hazard levels exposure increased the most for 
(extreme) precipitation. Previous analysis has shown that supplier locations in India are exposed to high hazard risk 
levels in the long term. This finding is reinforced by our 2025 analysis. This year's analysis also shows an increase in 
hazard risk levels in the longer term for suppliers in the U.S.
The outcomes of the transition risk assessment in 2025 show low climate-related transition risks for medium- and long-
term time horizons. Our internally developed model ranks countries and sectors according to their exposure to climate 
risks and estimates potential changes in credit spread (cost of financing) and risk of default.
– Countries: The model shows that our suppliers of critical services face moderate to low climate risks. Our exposure to 
countries with the most significant climate risks is limited. The exception is India, where several critical suppliers are 
based and/or have significant in-country operations.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
158
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
Ericson Chan
Group Chief Information 
and Digital Officer


[page 35]
– Sectors: The model shows that our suppliers of critical services operate in industries with low exposure to climate 
risks. Most critical suppliers operate in the information and communication sector. 
– Credit spread and risk of default: The model shows a minor increase in credit spread and risk of default due to 
transition risks for our suppliers of critical services, relative to a baseline of no climate change. This implies that 
transition risks are not considered to materially impact supplier financial stability, which therefore creates minimal 
additional risk of business interruptions in our supply chain. 
Low emissions scenario:
The outcomes of the physical risk analysis remain largely consistent in this scenario compared with the high emission 
scenario. The risk for supplier locations remains stable, or is moderately lower for most perils compared with the high 
emission scenario. The exception is the risk of (extreme) precipitation in the 2050 time horizon, which increases under 
this scenario. 
The overall outcomes of the transition risk analysis are consistent with the high emission scenario. However the potential 
impacts are even lower as climate mitigation measures are implemented earlier and gradually over time.
Responses
Each climate hazard presents specific operational risks for our business and supply chain. We respond to these risks 
by implementing targeted adaptation measures at our locations and maintaining strong business resilience plans. 
This integrated approach aims to ensure we not only identify and assess climate risks, but also proactively manage 
them through key measures to protect our operations, to support our customers, and to safeguard critical 
business functions even under climate stress. 
Key measures include:
– Critical office processes are included in business continuity plans, reviewed and updated annually to address 
evolving risks.
– Backup and recovery capabilities for data centers are tested every year. 
– Supplier resilience is assessed through due diligence, monitoring, and minimum standards, with plans tested as 
needed. Suppliers have shown high resilience when severe weather events occurred at their locations, with no 
material service outages recorded. Mobile technology and flexible supply chains, especially in IT and 
telecommunications, further reduce vulnerability to disruptions. 
If any office location was identified with insufficient resilience measures, flexibilities in our real estate strategy would 
allow for a relocation. Further flexibility in our operating model is supported by ongoing support for remote and hybrid 
working models.
3.2.3.4 Portfolio level scenario-based climate risk analysis: Fee Income Farmers Group, Inc.
We performed a qualitative analysis of factors (e.g., change in transportation mode) which may influence fee income 
received from Farmers Group, Inc. (FGI). Our analysis sees no material impacts to fee income received from FGI. 
3.2.3.5 Portfolio level scenario-based climate risk analysis: Conclusions
Modelled impacts of climate change are noted to increase compared with previous years, though on aggregate 
remain below our materiality thresholds. Developments to underlying scenarios are noted as the primary driver of 
change. Analysis shows that our customer-focused approach and diversified portfolios, supported by strong risk 
management practices, continue to provide the resilience and flexibility necessary to be able to adapt to the 
climate change impacts observed. Analysis outcomes do not suggest impacts to access to capital over the medium 
term. 
3.2.3.6 Our integrated modeling approach 
Overall approach
For the first time this year, the scenario-based climate risk analysis is based on an internally developed model, enabling a 
more robust and nuanced understanding of the risks and opportunities associated with climate change and the energy 
transition. The internal model further allows consistency between the various functions by providing a unified set of 
inputs for the respective climate risk assessment.
The analyses take as a starting point the global macroeconomic projections from the NGFS in terms of economic 
growth and inflation across climate scenarios. The global impact is then distributed across countries and industries, 
based on their estimated exposure to physical and transition risk. A data-driven approach is used to estimate exposures. 
Underwriting:
Building on the NGFS macroeconomic projections, for our assessment of the P&C and Life protection portfolio, we 
model both impacts to insurance demand as well as potential changes to loss experience over the medium term. Our 
scope covers all P&C lines of business across our commercial and personal lines portfolio on an aggregated industry 
sector approach (as illustrated in Figure 12). For Life, the scope covers the entire Life protection portfolio. The 
macroeconomic factors are supplemented by industry statistics, claims information, expert judgment on potential claims 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
159
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  

[page 36]
developments where we see the potential for significant impacts to underwriting demand or losses. For the modeling of 
P&C losses from acute physical risks, we align with our internal natural catastrophe model view of risk, creating 
consistency with our natural catastrophe view used for capital modeling. For Life, we focus on diseases that may be 
exacerbated by rising temperatures and assess their potential impact on future losses. 
Investments:
We adopt a scenario-based approach to understand potential climate-related impacts to asset projected returns and to 
our capital position. This approach allows us to assess the strategic implications of climate change beyond the short-
term financial cycle horizon. The approach considered is top down, drawing financial implications for our investment 
portfolios from expected changes in macroeconomic conditions driven by both transition and physical climate risks 
across various horizons and climate scenarios. 
Country and industry-level macroeconomic effects are mapped to asset price impacts at the security level, based on 
empirical macro-finance relationships that hold across the business cycle. We also rely on geolocation data to capture 
the geographical footprint of a firm’s operations and thus better assess firm-level exposure to physical risk.
In the Climate Risk Model, investments are categorized into sovereign bonds, corporate credit, listed equities, other 
duration assets (ODA) and other non-duration assets (including cash, private equity and hedge funds). Equities, 
corporate credit, and sovereign bonds have dedicated valuation models that account for their specifics. Liabilities and 
ODA (including private debt, mortgages and other fixed income) are modeled similarly to sovereign bonds, being 
exposed to interest rate risk. For liabilities, other market risk factors that influence the value of liabilities via policyholder 
participation (e.g., equity, credit and real estate) and non-market risk factors (e.g., increasing mortality trend or higher 
claims due to hailstorms) are not modeled within the investment climate risk assessment. 
Investment vehicles and ETFs, unless they have a specific geographical exposure focus, are assigned the average 
world climate risk impacts and no look-through is applied. Additionally, no specific treatment for green bonds is applied. 
Long-term climate risk exposures that go beyond the maturity of fixed income securities are assessed. We do this by 
adopting a going-concern approach with a rolling balance sheet which implicitly rebalances the portfolio annually to 
keep its composition constant over time. This assumption abstracts from potential management responses and 
corresponds to a risk exposure given the current balance sheet composition.
Real estate is modeled separately and aggregated in the final results. The climate physical risk assessment is carried out 
using the ZRS methodology and proprietary data, which enables a robust evaluation of both current and future hazard 
exposure of our investment properties. The analysis covers 11 key natural hazards and produces a multi-hazard ranking 
highlighting locations with the highest likelihood of being impacted by climate-related events in the near and medium 
term. 
To quantify the potential economic impact of climate events, a financial analysis is conducted. Currently, this is only 
done for the flood peril – one of the most significant risks impacting real estate asset values for investors – by estimating 
losses for each asset from 100-year climate tail risk events. This includes estimating losses from property damage and 
business interruption due to flood events. The primary driver of damage is flood height, while key influencing factors 
include the number of stories below ground, stories above ground, building material, and building age. For all other perils 
(including flood), vulnerability quantifications are based on market values. 
For transition risk assessment, we used the real estate industry benchmark Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor (CRREM) 
version 2, 1.5°C scenario, aligned with the Science Based Targets Initiative’s (SBTi) net-zero targets.The CRREM model 
allocates energy and carbon budgets (kg CO2e/m²) based on each asset’s country and type. We apply a carbon cost to 
any excess emissions, and project these figures through to 2050. The analysis assumes a business-as-usual approach, 
with no further asset-level optimization to reduce carbon footprint. On the qualitative side, we identify each asset’s 
CRREM misalignment year – the first year in which a building’s carbon intensity is expected to exceed its allocated 
1.5°C target. This science-based indicator serves as an early warning, helping us to proactively address potential 
transition risks.
Own operations and supply chain:
We consider potential physical risk impacts to our own offices, strategic data centers, and supply chain1 by using Zurich 
Resilience Solutions’ (ZRS) methodology and proprietary data, aligned with the approach for our real estate investment 
portfolio. Transition risk is assessed both qualitatively and quantitatively. Risk drivers are qualitatively evaluated for 
relevance, materiality and likelihood, with a focus on potential mitigation or adaptation costs impacting operating 
budgets. Our quantitative analysis adopts an approach consistent with that adopted for our investment analysis and 
assumes significant negative impacts to supplier financial position as an indicator of additional operating cost and/or 
critical service disruption risk.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
160
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1Zurich Kotak, BOXX Insurance and AIG travel are out of scope for supplier analysis due to ongoing integration activities. 

[page 37]
3.2.3.7 Assumptions and limitations
Climate change modeling is an evolving field, and changes to the model and scenarios should be anticipated. In 
addition, any model contains a certain level of simplification. In the case of climate risk, simplifications may be dictated, 
among others, by the lack of relevant and granular data, limited history of real-world response of the economy to climate 
change, and general uncertainty contained in the long-term developments of each scenario. Some of these model 
limitations may overstate while others may understate climate risk. Our analyses rely on a number of assumptions, 
including: 
– We assume a static (and rolling) balance sheet approach to better isolate potential medium-to-long-term impacts of 
climate change, in both the underwriting and investment analysis. Static implies quantified impacts assume no 
strategic reaction to the risks identified, and no movements in pricing to adapt to changing conditions; broadly this 
can be described as the decision-makers not adapting the strategy to the evidence of climate change that happens 
as time passes in the model. While we recognize that this approach may overestimate longer-term impacts on our 
portfolio and limit the use of our model output for strategic implications, it provides an initial view of exposures before 
mitigation, serving as a foundation for evaluating potential risk reduction measures.
– We rely on externally sourced global macroeconomic projections from the NGFS in terms of economic growth and 
inflation across climate scenarios as a key input of the model. This is standard and constitutes a well-recognized 
source of data among the financial and insurance industry.
– The analysis of our investments considers cumulated impacts of climate change to investment returns by 2050, which 
are then discounted. This is a suitable way to compare and assess impacts, but it is important to stress that the actual 
impact on economic activity and returns will be realized in the future, and that timing differs across scenarios. 
– As climate change progresses under a current policies scenario, adaptation at individual, company, and state level is 
expected to increase resilience to physical risks and reduce losses in our underwriting portfolio. Likewise under the 
net-zero scenario maturing transition technologies can reduce underwriting losses. The impact of macroeconomic 
and industry sector developments on insurance demand also may not follow the linear dynamics assumed in 
underwriting modeling, e.g. increasing the demand for natural catastrophe insurance despite increased physical risk 
leading to general economic contraction. These factors are not captured in the scenario analysis. 
3.2.3.8 Other climate risk assessment outcomes: litigation risk and reputational consequences 
Our management of climate risk considers both litigation risk and reputational consequences.
Litigation risk: We closely monitor developments potentially impacting litigation-related risks and take actions to 
address them proactively.
Reputational consequences: We recognize the heightened public scrutiny that accompanies our climate-related 
ambitions and that any failure (real or perceived) to deliver on our objectives and targets could have an impact on our 
reputation. We believe our approach and clearly defined supporting activities, as outlined in our transition plan, our 
strong internal focus on delivery, monitoring through the governance structures described in Chapter 2. Governance 
(see pages 
138 to 140) and transparent public disclosure on progress, mitigate this risk.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
161
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  

[page 38]
3.3 Our targets and metrics
We use numerous indicators across our underwriting and investment activities, as well as our own operations and 
supply chain, to monitor, assess and manage climate-related impacts to, and of, our business. This section outlines the 
main targets underpinning our climate transition plan and lists the key performance indicators (KPIs) we track.
The targets and metrics used to assess and manage relevant climate-
related risks and opportunities
3.3.1 Our targets 
Our commitment to net-zero focuses primarily on supporting emissions reduction in the real economy. We believe we 
can best achieve this by focusing on engagement with our customers and investee companies, and accompanying their 
transition. This reflects our principle, which holds that the financial service industry’s most effective contribution to 
fighting climate change derives from assisting, incentivizing, and encouraging our investee companies, customers, 
suppliers and other stakeholders, keeping them at center stage as they determine and shape their own decarbonization 
pathways. We hold ourselves to the same standards, striving to lead by example with our own operations. 
Outlined below are the targets we have set to align our business activities with the net-zero commitment, together with 
our 2025 performance against those targets. 
Table 4
Our net-zero commitment and targets 
Reduction of 
financed 
emissions
Reduce the intensity of emissions (scope 1 and 2) of listed 
equity and corporate bond investments, in terms of metric tons 
of CO2e per USD million invested (base year 2019).2
2030: (55%) (59)%
Reduce the intensity of emissions of direct real estate investments, in 
terms of kilograms of CO2e per square meter (base year 2019).
2030: (45%) 2024: (36)%
Reduction 
of insurance- 
associated 
emissions 
intensity
Reduce the intensity of insurance-associated emissions (IAE)3 in 
our large corporate customer portfolio (base year 2022).
By 2030: (20%) 2025 (initial 
estimate)4: (10.6)%
2024: (14.1)%
Engagements 
with our 
investees
Engagements with high-emitting companies which currently do 
not have credible science-based targets. 
2030: 20 4
Engagements 
with our 
customers
Conduct engagements with our large insurance customers, who 
are amongst those contributing most heavily on to our portfolio 
emissions and where our direct relationship means we have a 
greater degree of interaction,3 on their transition-related 
objectives, opportunities and challenges. 
Sept. 24 - Sept. 
25:5 65
By 2030: 450
76
Sept. 24 - Sept. 25: 
77 engagements 
conducted 
Interim target 
achieved
Climate 
solutions
Allocation to climate solutions investments of proprietary 
portfolio
2030: 6% of 
AuM
6.9%
Sustainable 
revenues6
Profitably expanding our range of sustainable products and 
services.
Grow revenues 24.3%
Enabling an economy-wide net-zero transition 
Area Definition Targets1 2025 performance
1 A 2030 target is defined as using year-end 2029 values (e.g., reduction of financed emissions). By 2030 target (e.g., for reduction of IAE intensity) is defined as using year-end 2030 
value, similarly by 2025 target (e.g., for operational emissions) is defined as using year-end 2025 value. 
2 Attributed with enterprise value methodology and matched based on most recently available emission data.
3 Determined by scope 1 and 2 for our customers’ emissions using the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) insurance-associated emissions methodology for 
commercial lines, covering customers with revenues greater than USD 1 billion. For further details, see section Insurance-associated emissions on page 164.
4 2025 data is based on an initial estimation for our 2025 portfolio emissions based on the relevant 2025 in-scope portfolio premium, however relying on previous years’ reported 
customer emission data. 
5 In the 12 months following the publication of our climate transition plan in September 2024.
6 Sustainable revenues include revenues from sustainable environmental, social and investment solutions. Further details can be found in section 4.2.1 Revenues from sustainable 
solutions on pages 179 to 182.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
162
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  


[page 39]
Reduction in 
operational 
emissions1
Total emissions: absolute reduction in all operational emissions 
(base year 2019)
By 2025: (60%)
By 2029: (70%)
68.8%
Target 
achieved
Suppliers 
with net-
zero targets 
Percentage of managed procurement spend (MPS) that is with 
suppliers having science-based targets to reduce emissions.2,3
By 2025: 75% 67.7%
Percentage of managed procurement spend that is with suppliers 
having science-based targets to reach net-zero.2,4
By 2030: 75% 62%
Evolving how we operate
Area Definition Targets 2025 performance
1 Zurich Cover-More, Farmers Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, our joint ventures with Banco Sabadell and Banco Santander, smaller businesses like Real Garant and Orion, as well as 
our acquisition Zurich Kotak are excluded since they were not reflected in the CO2e emissions baseline in 2019. 
2 MPS means the spend of approximately USD 2 billion annually managed centrally by Zurich’s Procurement and Supply Chain Management function on goods and services that are 
required to enable Zurich to maintain and develop its operations. In 2025, we successfully reduced the MPS reporting time lag thanks to a series of technical improvements. As a 
result, the reported MPS values now reflect the period from October 2024 through September 2025.
3 We consider a supplier to have science-based targets when their emission reduction targets are approved by a scientifically accredited body or otherwise require a reduction of at 
least 42 percent in scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030.
4 We consider a supplier to have net-zero targets when their net-zero target is approved by a scientifically accredited body or otherwise has a public target to neutralize any residual 
scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2050.
3.3.2 Our performance metrics
This section highlights the key metrics we use to measure and manage climate-related risks and opportunities. 
Underwriting
Table 5
Our underwriting key performance indicators
Reduction of 
insurance-
associated 
emissions 
intensity 
Reduce the intensity of insurance-
associated emissions (IAE) in our 
large corporate customer portfolio 
by 2030 (base year 2022).
Initial estimate: 
(10.6)%2
(14.1)% (20)%
See section Insurance-
associated emissions on 
page 164.
Engagements 
with our 
customers
Conduct engagements with our 
large insurance customers, who are 
amongst those contributing most 
heavily to our portfolio emissions3 
and where our direct relationship 
means we have a greater degree of 
interaction, on their transition-related 
objectives, opportunities and 
challenges. 
76 74 450
See section 
Engagement on page 
165.
Between September 2024 and 
September 2025, conduct 
engagements with 65 customers, 
who are amongst those contributing 
most heavily to our portfolio 
emissions3 and where our direct 
relationship means we have a 
greater degree of interaction, on 
their transition-related objectives, 
opportunities and challenges.
77 
Interim target 
achieved 
Area Definition 2025 2024
By 2030 
Targets1
Further details 
1 A 'by 2030 target' is defined as using year-end 2030 value. 
2 2025 data is based on an initial estimation for our 2025 portfolio emissions based on the relevant 2025 in-scope portfolio premium, however relying on previous years’ reported 
customer emission data. 
3 Determined by scope 1 and 2 for our customers’ emissions using the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) insurance-associated emissions methodology for 
commercial lines, covering customers with revenues greater than USD 1 billion. For further details, see section Insurance-associated emissions on page 164.
4 Includes five customer engagements conducted as a pilot of our engagement approach in 2024. These are not counted towards the target of engaging with 65 large insurance 
customers in the first year from publication of the climate transition plan (September 2024 to September 2025), as they happened before September 2024. These engagements do 
however count towards the 450 by 2030 target.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
163
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  


[page 40]
Insurance-associated emissions (IAE)
Supporting our commitment to align our insurance portfolio to net-zero by 2050 we have set an interim target to reduce 
the IAE intensity of our portfolio of large corporate customers, defined as customers with more than USD 1 billion in 
revenues, by 20 percent by 20301 from a 2022 baseline. 
This scope has been chosen as our focus is on creating real-world impact and allows us to prioritize engagement with 
customers who can make the greatest contribution to emission reductions and where our direct relationship means we 
have a greater degree of interaction. The availability of reported emissions also tends to be higher for larger companies, 
allowing for greater certainty in target reporting and achievement.
Building on the experience gained in our baseline calculation, we further developed and strengthened our data quality 
assurance process to enhance the quality of external data feeding into both the baseline and subsequent annual 
emission calculations. Applying this process led to a re-baselining of our 2022 IAE intensity from 234 to 206 metric tons 
CO2e/USDm and of our absolute IAE from 1.7 to 1.5 million metric tons CO2e. 
Limitations caused by the systematic lag in publication of customer emission and revenue data, as well as the non-linear 
nature of customer transition plans, and the impact of external market dynamics such as insurance cycles and inflation, 
impact IAE intensity and year-on-year progress against targets over time. Therefore, while we expect to achieve our ‘by 
2030 target’, this will likely not follow a linear reduction path. 
We provide annual emissions for 2023 and 2024 and our progress towards our IAE intensity reduction target in Table 6 
below. By 2024, our emission intensity reduced 14 percent against our 2022 baseline. This reduction over the two 
reporting years was mainly driven by emission reductions of our customers, supported by customer revenue growth. 
To provide an outlook for the potential IAE results in the next reporting period, we have run an initial estimation for our 
2025 portfolio emissions based on the relevant 2025 in-scope portfolio premium, however relying on previous years’ 
reported customer emission data.2 This initial estimate brings our IAE intensity for 2025 to 185 metric tons CO2e/
USDm, a 5 percent increase compared with 2024, and a 10.6 percent decrease compared with our 2022 baseline. The 
total IAE increased to 1.5 million metric tons of CO2e, an increase of 4 percent compared with 2024, and a 2 percent 
decrease compared with our 2022 baseline. The increase in this outlook can be mainly attributed to M&A activity by 
customers, requiring us to default to the use of industry average emissions.
Table 6
Insurance-associated emissions from large corporate customers1
Absolute insurance-associated emissions6 
(Million metric tons CO2e)
1.5 1.4 1.4 1.5  (2.0) %  (6.3) %
Insurance-associated emissions intensity6  
(Metric tons CO2e/USDm)
185 177 179 206  (10.6) %  (14.1) %  (20.0) %
PCAF weighted average data quality score 
(1 to 5)7
2.8 2.7 2.8 2.8
2025 (initial 
estimate)²,³ 2024 4 20234
2022
(baseline)
% Reduction 
(against 
baseline) for 
2025 (initial 
estimate)2
% Reduction 
(against 
baseline) for 
2024
Target by 
20305
1 In line with PCAF Standard Part C, Insurance-Associated Emissions (version 2022), except the exclusion of the trade credit portfolio. PCAF proposes that insurance-associated 
emissions are reported as a supplementary accounting note to scope 3 category 15 (Investments). Those emissions should not be aggregated with financed emissions.
2 This estimate is included as an outlook on the potential development of our 2025 IAE and IAE intensity for FY2025. This will be superseded by final results in our 2026 sustainability 
report.
3 Gross written premium (GWP) from our large corporate customers (revenues greater than USD 1 billion) used for the 2025 initial estimate amounted to 26 percent of total commercial 
insurance GWP. 
4 GWP from our large corporate customers (revenues greater than USD 1 billion) amounted to 27 percent of our total commercial insurance GWP for both 2023 and 2024. 
5 A 'by 2030 target' is defined as using year-end 2030 value.
6 Insurance-associated emissions cover scope 1 and 2 of insured companies. For more details, refer to appendix 6.3 Methodologies on pages 209 to 211.
7 For further details on the PCAF weighted average data quality score, refer to appendix 6.3 Methodologies on pages 209 to 211.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
164
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1A 'by 2030 target' is defined as using year-end 2030 value.
2 2An updated final result will be provided in the 2026 sustainability report.


[page 41]
Engagement 
We engage our insurance customers to better understand where they are in their transition, their needs and priorities, 
and to deepen our understanding of the technologies, barriers and dependencies involved in their industries’ transitions. 
The insights we gather inform where we need to further develop our capabilities so that we can offer appropriate 
insurance solutions and expertise to support our customers.
Our focus is on creating real-world impact, so we prioritize engagement with customers who can make the greatest 
contribution to emission reductions and where our direct relationship means we have a greater degree of interaction. In 
our climate transition plan, we set the target to engage with 450 of our large insurance customers who are amongst 
those contributing most heavily to our portfolio emissions by 20301 and where our direct relationship means we have a 
greater degree of interaction. For the purpose of progress reporting against our target, we consider an engagement to 
be conducted after the first content exchange with the customer has taken place.
From September 2024 to September 2025, we conducted engagements with 77 insurance customers, exceeding our 
target of 65 engagements within the first year of publication of our climate transition plan. These engagements 
allow us to further strengthen our customer relationships and demonstrate our commitment to supporting their net-zero 
journeys. By taking the time to understand our customers’ transition plans, strategies, and challenges, we conduct 
exchanges that are meaningful and tailored to their specific circumstances. These discussions have highlighted various 
common challenges that our clients face, for example, in managing the transition to sustainable energy, where grid 
constraints as well as delays in obtaining relevant permits can slow down progress, or in reducing emissions in their 
supply chain. These discussions help to inform where we need to strengthen our data capabilities, deepen expertise, 
and develop insurance solutions and services to support this transition. For further details, see 4.2.3 Innovating for our 
commercial customers on pages 
183 to 185.
Table 7
Engagements with our customers
 
Engagements Number of customers 83 76 7 2 450
Engagements from September 2024 to 
September 2025
Number of customers 77
Sept. 24 to Sept. 25
65  
Interim target
achieved 
Unit Total to date 2025 2024 Target by 2030 1
1 A 'by 2030 target' is defined as using year-end 2030 value.
2 Includes five customer engagements conducted as a pilot of our engagement approach in 2024. These are not counted towards the target of engaging with 65 large insurance 
customers in the first year from publication of the climate transition plan (September 2024 to September 2025), as they happened before September 2024. These engagements do 
however count towards the 450 by 2030 target.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
165
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1Determined by scope 1 and 2 for our customers’ emissions using the PCAF insurance-associated emissions methodology for commercial lines, covering customers with revenues 
greater than USD 1 billion.


[page 42]
Investments
The following section shows the progress we have made with our responsible investment strategy in 2025 and prior to 
that. Our responsible investment strategy successfully manages our proprietary investment assets, focusing on 
improving the financial performance, transparency and positive impact of our portfolio. Our strategy comprises three 
pillars (1. ESG integration, 2. impact investing and 3. advancing together) while consistently integrating climate action, 
and following a group-wide approach on exclusions. These pillars are linked with our climate targets and selective 
exclusion screens.1
Table 8
Our investments' climate-related key performance indicators 
Climate 
solutions
Allocation of AuM of our proprietary 
investment portfolio to climate 
solutions investments.
6.9% 6.5% 6% See section Climate 
solutions on page 
166.
Engagements 
with our 
investees
Engagement with high-emitting 
companies which currently do not 
have credible science-based targets. 
4 20 See section 
Engagement on page 
167.
Reduction of 
financed 
emissions
Reduce the intensity of emissions 
(scope 1 and 2) of listed equity and 
corporate bond investments, in terms of 
metric tons of CO2e/USDm invested 
(base year 2019).
(59)% (54)% (55)% See section Financed 
emissions on page 
168.
Reduce the intensity of emissions of 
direct real estate investments, in terms of 
kilograms of CO2e per square meter 
(base year 2019).
(36)% (45)%
Area Definition 2025 2024 2030 Targets 1 Further details 
1 A '2030 target' is defined as using year-end 2029 values.
Climate solutions investments 
Environmental impact investments 
In 2025, we further increased our climate solutions investments to a total of USD 12.2 billion. The increase in climate 
solutions investments was mainly driven by the increase of green bonds and targeted private equity investments 
focused on pioneering circularity. For further details on our impact investments, see section Impact investing on page 
171.
Table 9
Climate solutions 
Climate solutions investments (in USD millions) 12,202 10,442
of which environmental impact investments1 7,195 5,936
of which green certified buildings2 5,007 4,506
Climate solutions as percentage of proprietary portfolio  6.9%  6.5%  6% 
Million metric tons CO2e avoided through environmental impact 
investments (ambition) 3.4 3.9 5
2025 2024 Target / Ambition
1 Values refer to the environmental share of our impact investments displayed in Table 18 Impact investing portfolio on page 171 and consists of green bonds, and the environmental 
share of impact private equity and impact infrastructure private debt.
2 Green certified buildings based on balance sheet investments, including buildings used by us. Values refer to the share of green certified buildings of our global real estate portfolio 
displayed in Table 10: % green certified buildings in total real estate on page 167.
In 2025, to break ground when it comes to resilient infrastructure investments, we, alongside other Insurance 
Development Forum (IDF) members, played a key role in developing the Infrastructure Resilience Development Fund 
(IRDF) blueprint, supporting its successful launch and first close at USD 340 million. The IRDF targets resilient 
infrastructure projects in emerging and developing economies, including clean water, energy, and healthcare facilities. 
The innovative fund structure is designed to meet insurance sector investment criteria, aiming to close natural 
catastrophe protection gaps while delivering positive social and environmental impacts. The first investment will provide 
financing for the company operating the power transmission system in Guatemala. 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
166
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1For the full details, refer to our Responsible Investment white paper.


[page 43]
Green certified buildings
Having reached our 30 percent target a year ahead of schedule, we now aim to maintain the share of green certified 
buildings at 30 percent. This year, our total certified buildings represent USD 5 billion in value, meaning that 36 percent 
of the real estate portfolio consists of green certified buildings. 
Table 10
% green certified buildings in total real estate1 
Zurich Global Real Estate Portfolio  36%  35% 
APAC  15%  17% 
EMEA  35%  34% 
Americas  46%  48% 
% green certified buildings
2025 2024
1 Market-value weighted and based on balance sheet investments, including buildings used by Zurich.
Engagement 
Stakeholder engagement
Our engagement is composed of multiple complementary approaches to drive progress on sustainability topics 
including climate action. To achieve systemic change and influence real economy emissions, we leverage stakeholder 
engagement to drive systemic change:
–   Asset manager engagement: As an asset owner, our relationship with asset managers is one of the most impactful 
levers we use to drive market change. We express our responsible investing expectations to our asset managers and 
leverage on the strong relationships we already have.
– Policy engagement: We advocate for effective climate policies and we are working in expert groups to provide 
guidelines to the industry.
– Industry engagement: We support sector initiatives and member-led organizations to advance responsible 
investment practice.
For further details, see also section 1.2 Stakeholder overview on pages 
134 to 137.
Company engagement
We recognize that achieving real-world emissions reductions requires more than just divesting from carbon-intensive 
companies; it means actively engaging with them to support their transition to sustainable practices. Our company 
engagement approach focuses on two main ways: 
– Multilateral engagement: When an investee company is already covered by an investor-led initiative, we work with 
the broader market by supporting the investor-led engagement initiative. 
– Bilateral engagement: We aim to initiate a direct dialogue geared towards gathering information, assessing their 
approaches to decarbonizing their business activities, as defined in a transition plan, and encouraging progress as 
part of our ESG integration strategy, while they shape their own decarbonization pathways.
Our engagement efforts are targeted where we can achieve the greatest impact. Based on our past engagement 
experience, we refined our efforts by prioritizing bilateral engagement with a selected group of 20 companies that offer 
significant potential to reduce real-world emissions and set targets aligned with the Paris Agreement. This is in addition 
to the multilateral engagements we participate in, where we focus on the world’s largest corporate greenhouse gas 
emitters. 
– We use a data-driven approach to assess companies’ emissions profiles and transition strategies as the basis for our 
engagement. 
– Where investee companies are also insurance clients, we coordinate closely with our underwriting sustainability team. 
We further collaborate with our asset managers to align perspectives and share insights, ensuring a holistic 
engagement approach.
– Where necessary, we may escalate our response, including exercising our voting rights at shareholder meetings. In 
rare instances, we may restrict investment activities with companies following unsuccessful engagement.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
167
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  


[page 44]
Bilateral engagement progress
In 2025, we initiated engagement with a targeted group of companies to support their transition planning and 
decarbonization strategies, underscoring the scope and ambition of our structured bilateral engagement campaign. The 
initial phase of the engagement process provided valuable insights into each company’s unique journey and readiness 
for change. Companies vary widely in their readiness to decarbonize, with many facing structural challenges. In such 
cases, we aim to agree on clearer interim targets, capital expenditure plans, and business line transition details to 
properly assess progress.
Table 11
Engagements with our investees
Unit 2025 Target 2030 1
Engagements Number of investee companies 4 20
1 A '2030 target' is defined as using year-end 2029 values.
Financed emissions
We measure and report absolute and intensity emissions for our proprietary corporate portfolio (listed equity and 
corporate bonds), sovereign bonds and direct real estate, covering approximately 60 percent of the total portfolio.
Corporate portfolio 
In 2025, we entered a new interim target cycle for our 2030 emission intensity reduction targets. To capture factors 
such as local market considerations, sector diversification, and past and projected pathways of emissions, we have 
cascaded our global portfolio target into local objectives as in the previous cycle. 
In 2025, we reduced our financed CO2e emission intensity by 59 percent against the 2019 baseline. The 2030 target is 
55 percent reduction. Our absolute financed emissions declined over the same period by 62 percent against the 2019 
baseline.
Table 12
Absolute emissions of the corporate portfolio
Corporate portfolio1 54.8 46.6 58.5 3.1 2.9 7.9  (62) %
Listed equity 9.1 6.9 10.6 0.4 0.4  1.0  (58) %
Corporate bonds 45.7 39.7 47.9 2.6 2.5  7.0  (62) %
In scope AuM (in USD billions) Absolute financed emission (million metric tons CO2e) 2
2025 2024
2019 
(Baseline) 2025 2024
2019 
(Baseline)
% Reduction 
(against 
baseline) for 
2025
1 In order to provide a comprehensive overview, details including prior year data are shown in the appendix 6.4 Investments – KPI yearly progress on pages 211 to 214.
2 Absolute financed emissions in million metric tons CO2e. Financed emissions cover scope 1 and 2 of underlying companies attributed with enterprise value methodology and 
matched based on most recently available emission data. For more details, refer to appendix 6.3 Methodologies on pages 209 to 210 .
Table 13
Emission intensity of the corporate portfolio
Corporate portfolio1,2 56 62 136  (59) %  (55) %  4.6% 
Listed equity 44 52 90  (51) %
Corporate bonds 58 64 146  (60) %
Emission intensity (metric tons CO2e/USD millions market value)
% of financed emissions in run-off 
under coal/oil sand policy
2025 2024
2019 
(Baseline)
% Reduction 
(against 
baseline) for 
2025
Target 
2030 2025
1 Emission intensity in metric tons CO2e/USDm market value. Financed emissions cover scope 1 and 2 of underlying companies attributed with enterprise value methodology and 
matched based on most recently available emission data.
2 A comprehensive overview, including prior year data is shown in appendix 6.4 Investments – KPI yearly progress on pages 211 to 214.
This reduction in financed emissions was mainly driven by changes in portfolio composition and structural emission 
reductions of our portfolio companies, but also benefited from higher equity valuations during 2025. Financed 
emissions in run-off increased marginally, reflecting higher emissions reported by a key contributor. This development 
underscores the importance of maintaining our approach to define the business activities for which we have limited 
investment appetite.1 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
168
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1For further details, see www.zurich.com/sustainability/governance-and-positions/our-positions.


[page 45]
160
140
120
100
80
60
40
20
0
Figure 17
Breakdown of reduction in financed emissions
Intensity change attribution (in metric tons CO2e/USD millions) 
 
136
-37
-26
-17
56
2019 Portfolio 
action
Emission 
reduction
Other 
effects
2025 intensity 
Portfolio activities are estimated to contribute the majority of the intensity reduction over the past six years. Portfolio 
activities are changes in our portfolio composition, when we allowed high-emitting positions to mature without 
reinvesting in the same issuer or by actively divesting from high-emitting positions and reinvested capital in new 
positions of lower-emitting companies. Real-world emission reduction reported by our portfolio companies are 
estimated to contribute one-third of our emission intensity reductions. Other effects mainly refer to currency effects and 
timing lags but can also include data updates. 
Uncertainties and dependencies
Our experience demonstrated the need to consider both absolute and relative indicators when measuring the 
emission performance of portfolios. Relative indicators are sensitive to changes in company valuation, whereas 
absolute emissions are sensitive to strategic shifts in asset allocation. It is important to reiterate that capital market 
price changes have a significant impact on reported financed emissions based on the formula applied, resulting in the 
sensitivity of reported targets. In the long run, it remains our view that alignment with the NZAOA methodology will 
provide us with a stable and robust metric describing the trajectory of our emission reduction pathway, but we expect 
a high level of volatility of intensity and financed emissions numbers driven by the current political sentiment and 
potential for financial market volatility.
Further, it is important to note that the real economy is not moving at the pace at which we have reduced our financed 
emissions. In fact, the current Nationally Determined Contributions (NDC) under the Paris Agreement would still put 
the world at 2.1ºC-2.4ºC above pre-industrial levels, which is far above the ambition of the Paris agreement of 1.5°C.1 
This means that the financial markets’ emissions reductions are largely a result of portfolio reallocation, shifting capital 
to more sustainable investments and hence divesting from heavy-emitting companies. While we can regard the 
reductions as a testament to portfolio reallocation and as an important demonstration to the rest of the investment 
ecosystem that decarbonization is possible, the actions must be pursued with urgency in the real economy. 
Moreover, we should also be cautious about projecting achievements to the future. 
1 www.unep.org/resources/emissions-gap-report-2025 
Sovereign portfolio 
For 2025, the CO2e emissions financed through our global sovereign debt portfolio amounted to 6.8 million metric tons 
CO2e. This corresponds to an emission intensity of 134 metric tons CO2e/USDm.
Table 14
Absolute emissions and emission intensity of the sovereign bond portfolio1
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Sovereign portfolio 45.8 43.9 6.8 7.6 134 159
In scope AuM (in USD billions)
Absolute financed emission 
(million metric tons CO2e)2
Emission intensity (metric tons 
CO2e/USD millions)3
1 Our sovereign bond portfolio is a result of its geographic and business footprint. Disciplined ALM practices and, in some cases, insurance regulation requires us to hold substantial 
amounts of minimum-risk assets denominated in local currency to back local liabilities. We do not generally manage any multi-currency sovereign bond portfolios that would allow 
ESG factors to influence issuer selection.
2 Scope 1 (production-based approach) excluding Land Use, Land-Use Change and Forestry (LULUCF) – USD GDP-PPP.
3 Based on Nominal Value.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
169
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  


[page 46]
Issuer emissions for sovereign debt are comprised of scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions, which represent production 
emissions occurring within the country but do not include land use, land use change, and forestry (LULUCF), owing to 
uncertainty in data. We use a methodology, which is based on the current version of the PCAF’s Global GHG 
Accounting and Reporting Standard.1 While we measure the financed emissions for sovereign bonds, these assets are 
not covered by an emission reduction target. 
Direct real estate portfolio 
In 2025, we began enhancing our direct real estate emission data collection process by using AI technologies, such as 
invoice-scraping tools, to further automate our data collection. To address the inherent delays in processing energy 
invoices, we also initiated the implementation of an estimation methodology. While the methodology is still being refined, 
it already provides a reliable basis for generating preliminary emissions figures and strengthens the overall reporting 
process.
For 2024, metered data2 is complete and reflects emissions of 13.7 kg CO2e/m² 
– a 36 percentage reduction 
compared with the baseline year. The reduction in metered data for 2024 is mainly due to ongoing asset sales following 
a strategic asset allocation process, continuous optimization measures, and the capital expenditure program in 
Switzerland. Applying our developing estimation methodology for missing invoices results in an additional 4,992 t CO2e, 
yielding an estimated total emission intensity of 16.2 kg CO2e/m².
For 2025, metered data is, for most of the portfolio, specifically for EMEA, limited to the first three months of the year. 
This partial dataset explains the lower preliminary metered value for 2025 and the correspondingly higher estimation 
supplement. As our methodology continues to mature throughout the year, we expect the accuracy and completeness 
of our estimates to further improve.
Table 15
Absolute emissions of the direct real estate portfolio1
Direct real estate portfolio 10.2 9.6 11.7 5,740 5 27,743 5 53,181 5  (48) %
Geographical breakdown
APAC 0.1 0.1 NA 517 524 NA
EMEA 8.7 8.2 10 645 21,611 41,153
Americas 1.4 1.4  1.7 4,577 5,608 12,028
Estimation supplement6 26,936 4,992
Total (metered data and 
estimation supplement) 32,675 32,735
In scope AuM (in USD billions) Absolute emission (metric tons CO2e)2,3
2025 2024
2019 
(Baseline)
2025 
(preliminary)4 2024
2019 
(Baseline)
% Reduction 
(against baseline) 
for 2024
1 The direct real estate emissions includes investment portfolio buildings only, as own-use buildings are part of our operational emissions target.
2 The CO2e emissions are calculated according to the location-based method. For more details, refer to appendix 6.3 Methodologies on pages 209 to 210.
3 The emission factors are retrieved from the Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor (CRREM). 
4 Coverage for metered data for 2025 is preliminary and currently low due to the timing gap in receiving energy invoices across our global portfolio. 
5 Figures represent metered data only. 
6 Figures for estimation of missing energy invoices.
Table 16
Emission intensity of the direct real estate portfolio1
Direct real estate portfolio 34 13.74 21.64  (36) %  (45) %
Emission intensity by geographic region
APAC 52.2 52.9 NA
EMEA 0.5 15.3 22.9
Americas 7.8 9.5 18.0
Total (metered data and estimation supplement)5 17.3 16.2
Emission intensity (kg CO2e/sqm)2
2025 
(preliminary)³ 2024 2019 (Baseline)
% Reduction 
(against baseline) 
for 2024 Target 2030
1 The direct real estate emissions includes investment portfolio buildings only, as own-use buildings are part of our operational emissions target.
2 The relative emissions intensity is calculated based on gross floor area (GFA) of the buildings. For more details, refer to appendix 6.3 Methodologies on pages 209 to 210.
3 Coverage for metered data for 2025 is preliminary due to the timing gap in receiving energy invoices across our global portfolio.
4 Figures represent metered data only. 
5 Figures including estimation for missing energy invoices.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
170
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1For more details, refer to appendix 6.3 Methodologies on pages 209 to 210.
2 2Metered data refers to energy consumption data obtained directly from utility meters or energy invoices issued by external providers.


[page 47]
Other Responsible Investment KPIs
While the urgency and materiality of climate-related risks have led us to set Paris-aligned net-zero targets and develop a 
robust transition plan, our approach to responsible investment began well before these climate-specific initiatives. For 
us, responsible investment means setting clear social and environmental ambitions and maintaining high expectations 
for our asset managers across a wide range of sustainability issues. The high percentage of assets managed by 
responsible investors showcases the integration of rigorous ESG standards across our portfolio and ensuring we 
appoint asset managers whose values and principles align with ours. 
Table 17
Investment portfolio managed by responsible investors1
Assets managed by responsible investors2 99.8% 99.8% 0 pts
Total amount of impact investments (in USD millions) 10,969 8,460 30%
% of investment portfolio 6.2% 5.3% 0.9 pts
Investment portfolio (in USD millions)3 177,635 160,645  10.6% 
2025 2024
Difference 
(2024 to 2025)
1 Responsible Investment is about long-term and lasting impact. See appendix 6.4 Investments – KPI yearly progress for historical data on pages 211 to 214.
2 A United Nations supported PRI signatory or asset manager that fulfills our minimum requirements for ESG integration. See our Responsible investment white paper: 
www.zurich.com/-/media/project/zurich/dotcom/sustainability/docs/responsible-investment-at-zurich.pdf.
3 Investment portfolio is calculated on a market basis, and is different from the total Group investments reported in the consolidated financial statements, which is calculated on an 
accounting basis and does not include cash and cash equivalents.
 
Impact investing
We use capital markets to fund solutions to many of the pressing social or environmental issues of our time through our 
impact investing strategy. In 2025, our impact investment portfolio reached a total of USD 11 billion, equivalent to 6.2 
percent of our proprietary investment portfolio. The increase was mainly driven by the increase in green, social and 
sustainability bonds, following the ICMA Green Bond Principles. We have a strong climate focus through our net-zero 
commitment and therefore, we actively direct our efforts to climate solutions investments and the environmental angle of 
impact investing. Despite this focus, we see a larger increase in social impact investments driven by the growth of the 
sustainability bond market.1
Table 18
Impact investing portfolio
 
Total amount of impact investments (in USD millions) 10,969 8,460  30% 
Environmental share  66%  70%   
Social share  34%  30%   
Asset class (in USD millions)
Green, social & sustainability bonds 9,834 7,502  31% 
Impact private equity 284 210  35% 
impact infrastructure private debt 851 748  14% 
2025 2024
Difference 
(2024 to 2025)
Impact measurement helps us make better investment decisions and reinforces that financial performance can go hand 
in hand with positive environmental and social outcomes. In 2025, our impact investing portfolio of USD 11 billion 
helped avoid a total of 3.4 million metric tons of CO2e emissions and benefited 5.4 million people. As in previous years, 
we see the majority of ‘avoided emission’ coming from our green, social and sustainability bond portfolio, while private 
equity is a large contributor to ‘people benefited’. As last year, we achieved our ambition through impact investing that 
delivered benefits to 5 million people, demonstrating our ability to support community resilience through, for example, 
access to clean energy, affordable housing, access to education and financial inclusion. 
In recent years we have seen volatility in the impact metrics. This is driven by reported impact numbers but also the 
underlying portfolio constructions. 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
171
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1Our long-term commitment towards impact investing is underpinned with historic data, see appendix 6.4 Investments – KPI yearly progress on pages 211 to 214.


[page 48]
Figure 18
Impact metrics
3.4 million metric tons CO2e emissions avoided
A Green, social and sustainability bonds  81% 
B Impact infrastructure private debt  3% 
C Impact private equity  16% 
5.4 million people benefited by positive contribution 
to their lives and livelihoods
A Green, social and sustainability bonds  69% 
B Impact infrastructure private debt  0.3% 
C Impact private equity  31% 
Besides directing our own capital to impact investments, we engage with market participants to create tools to direct 
capital where it is most needed, such as emerging and developing markets. To this end, in 2025 we collaborated with 
public and private institutions to launch SCALED – Scaling Capital for Sustainable Development.1 This initiative aims to 
remove structural obstacles in blended finance (strategic combination of public and private capital to fund sustainable 
development projects) by enhancing standardization and transparency to unleash the full potential for large-scale 
private capital mobilization.
We are also proud to have won again several impact investment and sustainable investment awards in 2025, 
demonstrating our thought leadership.2 
Proxy voting
As part of our active ownership strategy, we require all our asset managers to exercise their voting rights on directly held 
listed equities. For our in-house asset management, the insights from our company engagement activities help inform 
our proxy voting approach, securing a coherent and consistent active ownership strategy. 
In 2025, we voted on 81 percent of our in-scope equity (externally and internally managed) compared with 72 percent 
in 2024. Approximately 70 percent of our equity investments are in scope for proxy voting.3 The increase of the voted 
shares is due to portfolio shift and the implementation of proxy voting thereafter. We measure the votes we cast based 
on assets under management. Reasons for not casting a vote could be portfolio turnover or voting restrictions (such as 
demands to vote in person or share blocking).
Zurich Investment Solutions
We continue to integrate responsible investment in the unit-linked Life business. It is our ambition to provide our 
customers with a range of responsible investment solutions that not only meet our high quality standards, but also the 
sustainability preferences of our customers. 
This year, we launched the Zurich Global Green Bond Fund. Actively managed by Amundi, one of Europe’s leading 
asset managers, it seeks a positive impact on the environment. The fund is tailored for our Life insurance customers 
seeking exposure to the global green bond market. It invests in green bonds issued by sovereign, supranational and 
corporate issuers, aiming to fund environmentally-friendly projects. The fund is available to customers in Italy and 
Germany and, as of December 31, 2025, had USD 168 million in assets under management.
In May 2025, the Zurich Carbon Neutral Funds were renamed to Zurich Climate Focus Funds to reflect a broader, more 
holistic approach to climate-conscious investing. The funds offer a well-diversified investment portfolio combined with a 
low-carbon investment strategy. Seeking alignment with the 1.5°C goal of the Paris Agreement, the financed emissions 
are being compensated through carbon offsetting.4 Zurich Climate Focus Funds are available to our customers in nine 
countries. As of December 31, 2025, the Zurich Climate Focus Funds had USD 2.3 billion in assets under management.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
172
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1Further information can be found on the SCALED website: www.scaledevelopment.org.
2 2Further information can be found on our website www.zurich.com/investment-management/responsible-investment. 
3 3For further details, see our proxy voting policy: www.zurich.com/-/media/project/zurich/dotcom/sustainability/docs/zurich-proxy-voting-policy-and-guidelines.pdf.
4 4The carbon offsetting of the current year will be carried out in the first quarter of the following year through 100 percent removal-based projects.
B
A
C
A
B
C


[page 49]
Own operations and supply chain
We are decarbonizing our business operations and supply chain, focusing on the following key KPIs: 
Table 19
Our own operations and supply chain climate-related key performance indicators
Reduction in 
operational 
emissions1
Absolute reduction in all operational 
emissions (base year 2019). 
Compensating our operational emissions 
2030 onward with high quality carbon 
removals to qualify our operations as net-
zero.2
(68.8)% (68.8)% (60%) by 2025
Target 
achieved
(70%) by 2029
Net-zero by 2030
See section 
Operational 
emissions on 
page 173.
Suppliers 
with net-zero 
targets
Percentage of MPS that is with suppliers 
having science-based targets to reduce 
emissions.3,4
Percentage of MPS that is with suppliers 
having science-based targets to reach net 
zero.3,5
67.7%
62%
59.4%
51.9%
75% by 2025
75% by 2030
See section Net-
zero supply chain 
on page 175.
Area Definition 2025 2024 Targets Further details 
1 Zurich Cover-More, Farmers Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, our joint ventures with Banco Sabadell and Banco Santander, smaller businesses like Real Garant and Orion, as well as 
our acquisition Zurich Kotak are excluded since they were not reflected in the CO2e emissions baseline in 2019. 
2 High-quality offsets and removals are independently verified avoided emissions, emission-reduction, or removal credits recognized by credible registry standards (e.g., VCS, 
Puro.earth) which are selected only after completion of rigorous internal due diligence. For further details about our approach to net-zero in our operations, please see: 
www.zurich.com/sustainability/planet/sustainable-operations.
3 MPS means the spend of approximately USD 2 billion annually managed centrally by Zurich’s Procurement and Supply Chain Management function on goods and services that are 
required to enable Zurich to maintain and develop its operations. In 2025, we successfully reduced the MPS reporting time lag thanks to a series of technical improvements. As a 
result, the reported MPS values now reflect the period from October 2024 through September 2025.
4 We consider a supplier to have science-based targets when their emission reduction targets are approved by a scientifically accredited body or otherwise require a reduction of at 
least 42 percent in scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030.
5 We consider a supplier to have net-zero targets when their net-zero target is approved by a scientifically accredited body or otherwise has a public target to neutralize any residual 
scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2050.
Operational emissions
We are actively managing our operational emissions in alignment with four core principles: transparency, accountability, 
collaboration, continuous improvement. We set clear targets on our operational emissions (see Table 20 on page 174),  1
including a target in our LTIP.2
In 2021, we launched our path to net-zero operations with our first carbon removal purchases. Until reaching our 
net-zero target, we achieve carbon neutrality through the use of high-quality offsets, which we apply only after 
prioritizing emissions reductions.3 
We also set an internal price on carbon. In 2025, the price remained stable at USD 55 per metric ton, with a planned 
progressive increase through to 2030. The price is applied to actual emissions to determine the value of our carbon 
fund which supports our carbon neutrality and net-zero carbon commitments, and other innovative solutions to drive 
down emissions from operations, as well as those from other sources related to our business. 
Please see the table below for progress on our targets for our own operations against a 2019 baseline.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
 173
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1Zurich Cover-More, Farmers Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, our joint ventures with Banco Sabadell and Banco Santander, smaller businesses like Real Garant and Orion, as well as 
our acquisition Zurich Kotak are excluded since they were not reflected in the CO2e emissions baseline in 2019. 
2 2For more details on our remuneration framework, see chapter 2.2 Impact of climate-related performance on remuneration on page 140.
3 3High-quality offsets and removals are independently verified avoided emissions, emission-reduction, or removal credits recognized by credible registry standards (e.g., VCS, 
Puro.earth) which are selected only after completion of rigorous internal due diligence. For further details about our approach to net-zero in our operations, please see: 
www.zurich.com/sustainability/planet/sustainable-operations.


[page 50]
Sustainable operations
Table 20
Absolute carbon emissions coming from our own operations1,2
In metric tons of CO2e
Absolute carbon 
emissions
Total 56,449  (68.8) % 56,406  (68.8) % 180,805  (60) %  (70) % Net-
zeroTarget 
achieved
Absolute reduction in all 
operational emissions
Final 48,975 56,406
Initial estimate3 7,475 0
Scope 1 + 2 emissions Total 15,738  (67.4) % 18,003  (62.7) % 48,290  (62) %  (80) % Net-
zeroTarget 
achieved
Fleet emissions Final 12,088 14,470 20,285
On-site heating 
emissions
Initial estimate3 2,125 1,942 3,794
Electricity emissions Initial estimate3 25 26 20,630
District heating 
emissions
Initial estimate3 1,500 1,565 3,581
Scope 3 emissions Total 40,712  (69.3) % 38,403  (71) % 132,515  (60) %  (67) % Net-
zeroTarget 
achieved
Printed paper Final 1,689 2,117 2,435
Strategic data center 
emissions
Initial estimate3 0 0 6,847
Energy and fuel-related 
emissions 
Initial estimate3 3,725 4,315 11,731
Waste Initial estimate3 100 150 808
Business travel 
emissions
Final 15,799 15,174 41,018
Air travel emissions4 Final 14,662 14,091 39,435
Rental car emissions Final 568 618 1,241
Rail emissions Final 569 465 342
Employee commuting 
emissions
Final 19,399 16,647 69,676
2025
% Reduction 
(against  
baseline) for 
2025 2024
% Reduction 
(against  
baseline) for 
2024
2019 
(baseline)
Target 
reduction by 
2025
Target 
reduction 
by 2029
Target 
reduction 
by 2030
1 Zurich Cover-More, Farmers Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, our joint ventures with Banco Sabadell and Banco Santander, smaller businesses like Real Garant and Orion, as well as 
our acquisition Zurich Kotak are excluded since they were not reflected in the CO2e emissions baseline in 2019, which was used to set the LTIP target. 
2 Data in the table shown as metric tons of CO2e. Our environmental reporting methodology follows the GRI Standard, which is based on the requirements of the Greenhouse Gas 
Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard. For more details on methodology: www.zurich.com/sustainability/planet/sustainable-operations.
3 Initial estimate only refers to the year 2025. Emissions related to facilities data (electricity, heating and waste) and data centers are impacted by a time lag and are therefore 
estimated. Final data will be published by Q2 2026 on our website.
4 Some air travel data is not captured through our central reporting, for example where booking is not possible through our standard channels. We estimate this gap to represent less 
than 10 percent of total air travel bookings. DEFRA emissions factors for air travel are held flat to the 2022 factor set given subsequent updates incorporated load factors which 
were impacted by the pandemic. This would have inflated air emissions by an estimated 20 percent and would not reflect an accurate view of our travel activity.
We have included estimated emissions for the purpose of presenting a total operational footprint for 2025,1 comparable 
to previous years’ performance.2
In 2025, emissions remained relatively flat compared with 2024, maintaining a 68.8 percent reduction against our 2019 
baseline. The most impactful reduction was seen in car fleet emissions which reduced 16.5 percent against the previous 
year. We have achieved 74.2 percent of our global fleet as hybrid, plug-in hybrid, and battery electric vehicles, an increase 
from 61.4 percent in 2024. This falls short of our ambition, set in 2021, to eliminate pure internal combustion engines by 
year-end 2025. While we have encountered challenges, particularly in regions with greater technical limitation, the 
ambition has helped keep the focus on electrification high on our agenda and spurred progress. For our 2029 total 
electrification goal, which includes plug-in hybrid EVs, we are now at 56.9 percent, up from 49.1 percent last year.
Air travel emissions have only slightly increased versus 2024, representing a 62.8 percent reduction against our 2019 
baseline. We maintain rigorous oversight of our air travel activities, while prioritizing the needs of our customers and 
partners, which we also balance against internal collaboration requirements.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
174
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1Zurich Cover-More, Farmers Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, our joint ventures with Banco Sabadell and Banco Santander, smaller businesses like Real Garant and Orion, as well as 
our acquisition Zurich Kotak are excluded since they were not reflected in the CO2e emissions baseline in 2019. 
2 2Final data will be published by Q2 2026 on our website, once the emissions related to facilities data and data centers are finalized as those are impacted by a time lag.


[page 51]
Commuting emissions represented the largest increase in emissions which was expected and in line with increased 
office presence, supporting face-to-face workforce collaboration and engagement.
In 2025, we further improved the quality of the reporting of emissions measurement for entities which were not included 
in the baseline in 2019, moving from a pure estimation approach in 2024 to collection of actual activity data in 2025.1 
Table 21
Absolute carbon emissions for entities not included in the baseline1
Absolute carbon emissions 16,040
Scope 1 emissions 748
Scope 2 emissions 5,286
Scope 3 emissions 10,006
In metric tons CO2e 2025
1 Data in the table shown as metric tons of CO2e and follows the same methodology as the absolute carbon emissions represented in Table 20.
Net-zero supply chain
As part of our ambition to reduce our supply chain emissions, we expect our suppliers to set emissions reduction 
targets. Our target is for 75 percent of our MPS2 to be with suppliers that have science-based emissions reduction 
targets by 2025 and net-zero targets by 2030. As of the end of 2025, 67.7 percent3 of our MPS is with suppliers who 
have set science-based targets and 62 percent4 of our MPS is with suppliers who have set net-zero targets. 
While we have not fully reached our initial 2025 target, we are encouraged by the progress we have made along the 
way. Since setting our goal in 2022, we have increased the share of our MPS with suppliers who have set science-
based and net-zero targets. Today, the majority of our MPS is with suppliers committed to these standards, a significant 
step forward, made possible through strong engagement and collaboration with suppliers as recognized by CDP5 who 
awarded us Supply Chain Engagement Leader status in 2025 for the third consecutive year. The proportion of our 
MPS with suppliers who have science-based targets now meets the 67 percent threshold, which, according to external 
benchmarks, is the standard required to keep climate change within 1.5°C. We know there is still more to do. Building on 
this momentum, we will continue to partner with suppliers – encouraging those with targets to deliver on their 
commitments and supporting others to set new goals.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
175
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1Those include Zurich Cover-More, our joint ventures with Banco Sabadell and Banco Santander, smaller businesses like Real Garant and Orion and our acquisition Zurich Kotak. 
Estimations are still included in the table above where activity data is still not available. BOXX Insurance is not included due to the ongoing integration. 
2 2MPS means the spend of approximately USD 2 billion annually managed centrally by Zurich’s Procurement and Supply Chain Management function on goods and services that are 
required to enable Zurich to maintain and develop its operations. In 2025, we successfully reduced the MPS reporting time lag thanks to a series of technical improvements. As a 
result, the reported MPS values now reflect the period from October 2024 through September 2025.
3 3We consider a supplier to have science-based targets when their emission reduction targets are approved by a scientifically accredited body or otherwise require a reduction of at 
least 42 percent in scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030.
4 4We consider a supplier to have net-zero targets when their net-zero target is approved by a scientifically accredited body or otherwise has a public target to neutralize any residual 
scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2050.
5 5CDP is a not-for-profit charity that runs the global disclosure system for individuals and organizations to manage their environmental impacts.

[page 52]
A customer-centric approach 
for every journey.
 
Being customer-centric means more than 
meeting needs. It’s about building meaningful, 
lasting relationships based on trust and 
relevance. In 2025, our customers rewarded our 
efforts with higher satisfaction, and an 
increasing number chose Zurich to protect what 
matters most to them.”
Conny Kalcher
Group Chief Customer Officer
4.1 Customer-centric culture
4.2 Customer-centric solutions
4.3 Customer-centric interactions
4.4 Customer-centric trust
The review of our double materiality assessment emphasized that tackling information-related impacts and having 
access to quality information is especially important to our customers. These insights drive us to communicate openly, 
offer fair advice, and create solutions that put customer needs first, with the aim to build trust and give our customers 
the confidence to make informed decisions.1 
4.1 Customer-centric culture
4.1.1 Customer statistics
Retail customers
Our retail business serves over 80 million customers around the world. We focus on providing access to quality 
information1 while delivering simple, accessible and personalized solutions that meet the evolving needs of individuals 
and families. Through digital innovation and customer-first design, our retail offerings empower people to protect what 
matters most – from everyday essentials to long-term aspirations. Our scale enables us to continuously enhance service 
quality while remaining agile in a fast-changing market, as further detailed in section 4.2.2 Innovating for our retail 
customers on page 
182.
Commercial customers
We continue to execute our customer-centric strategy anchored in the belief that satisfaction and loyalty are the most 
powerful drivers of sustainable growth. Our strategy is built on delivering proactive, personalized experiences that go 
beyond traditional insurance – enabling customers to feel understood, empowered, and supported at every touchpoint. 
In 2025, we delivered growth on an existing base of over 1 million commercial customers, broadening relationships 
and increasing penetration into multiple geographies and segments. 
We are proud to provide a range of commercial insurance products and services to 87 of the FTSE 100 and 482 of the 
US Fortune 500.2 
Corporate Life & Pension (CLP) customers
We have over 60 thousand customers around the world, representing millions of individual workers and, in some 
places, their family members.
CLP plays a vital role in helping organizations support their workforce through tailored life and pension solutions. We 
focus on long-term financial wellbeing, offering flexible and scalable products that meet the needs of both employers 
and employees. With dedicated relationship managers conveying underwriting solutions to strategic intermediaries and 
sizable employers we combine strong actuarial expertise with a human approach, helping customers feel supported and 
valued throughout their journey.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
176
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
4. Our customers
  
1 1For further details on how we assessed materiality and what is relevant to us, please refer to section 1.1.2 Assessing materiality on pages 132 to 133.
2 2Based on our analysis.


[page 53]
4.1.2 Building a customer first organization
Zurich’s Customer Experience (CX) and Broker Experience (BX) standards for retail and commercial insurance set and 
raise the bar by delivering scalable, global, and seamless digital experiences that create the positive interactions we 
want for our customers. They cover a range of touchpoints across the customer journey with the aim to go above and 
beyond local laws and regulations to address our customers’ evolving needs and expectations. These standards foster 
the development of sustainable products and services, and behaviors that consider customers’ physical, mental, 
financial and social wellbeing.
In 2025, we accelerated our digital service offerings to make every interaction easier and more personal for our 
customers. Today, more than 11 million customers connect with us through our digital platforms, benefiting from 
features that simplify managing policies, claims, documents, and signatures across multiple lines of business. A 
cornerstone of this progress is Zurich One, our mobile-first digital platform, which further streamlines the insurance 
experience by integrating these capabilities into a single, user-friendly interface. Zurich One is now available in 
Switzerland, Italy, Indonesia, Spain, and Brazil, and continues to earn consistently high app store ratings of 4.5 out of 5, 
demonstrating our commitment to customer satisfaction. 
4.1.3 Customer-centricity in action
Retail customers
To better measure our progress towards becoming the insurer of choice, we use a set of metrics that give us a clear and 
comprehensive view.
In 2025, the customer retention rate declined from 79.4 percent1 to 77.5 percent compared with the previous year. 
The decline in retention is primarily observed in the motor segment across regions, driven by increased competitive 
pricing and market specific challenges related to partnership dynamics in certain markets, which were offset by notable 
improvements elsewhere. We remain focused on identifying opportunities to strengthen retention going forward. 
Meanwhile, during the same period we have seen a considerable increase in our multi-policy customers, reflecting 
enhanced customer loyalty and engagement across our portfolio.
We have introduced Net Revenue Retention (NRR) as a key performance indicator across 23 markets, with particular 
emphasis on our retail P&C and life protection businesses, together representing 80 percent of our total retail business 
(P&C and Life Protection). NRR serves as both a financial and customer metric, allowing us to measure how effectively 
the value of existing customer relationships is retained and grew. The metric is now well established, with two years of 
historical data, and all markets consistently reporting customer insights and premiums on a quarterly basis. By 
establishing an NRR baseline for our retail business in each market, we gain deeper insight into customer loyalty and 
can enhance our retention, upsell, and cross-sell capabilities globally. NRR results are reviewed quarterly, enabling us to 
track progress and identify which loyalty initiatives are driving improvements. In 2025, NRR became an integral 
component of local strategy planning, with markets closely monitoring and taking targeted actions to increase NRR.
Our commitment to enhancing the customer experience remains at the forefront of our efforts. Understanding and 
responding to the evolving needs of our customers is paramount, and we recognize the importance of building 
meaningful relationships through every interaction. To evaluate our customer experience performance, we use global 
Transactional Net Promoter Score (TNPS)2. TNPS helps us identify our strengths and pinpoints areas for 
improvement, allowing us to develop targeted action plans to drive further enhancement. In 2025, we surveyed 1.6 
million customers, and the results were very encouraging: We saw continued high levels of customer satisfaction and a 
3.6 point increase in our global TNPS score. 
This year, we earned 11 Brandon Hall Excellence Awards3 – eight Gold and three Silver – across five categories. These 
honors recognize our capability-building programs and customer-first approach. From Brand Mastery and Customer 
Empathy Masterclass to gamified training and MyJourney career development4, our teams continue to raise the bar in 
customer excellence. This achievement reflects our focus on meaningful employee experiences, and keeping 
customers at the heart of everything we do. 
Commercial customers
In 2025, amid evolving market dynamics and rising customer expectations, we remained firmly committed to our 
Customer Value Proposition and to delivering on our Customer Experience (CX) and Broker Experience (BX) standards. 
These standards underpin our ambition to exceed expectations and contributed to our strong retention performance in 
2025.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
177
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1The customer retention rate is calculated based on retail core customers, excluding our affinity partners in Brazil, Germany, Indonesia P&C, as well as the joint ventures with Banco 
Sabadell, Banco Santander, and Zurich Kotak. AIG travel and BOXX Insurance are also excluded due to ongoing onboarding onto our customer platform. When calculating the 
customer retention rate, the attrition of customers in employer-sponsored plans (e.g., life insurance plans) due to turnover (voluntary or involuntary) is not applicable. Additionally, the 
split between voluntary and involuntary laps was not made.
2 2TNPS provides us with feedback on our performance in the eyes of our customers and delivers insight on how specific interactions affect their experience. TNPS excludes Zurich 
Kotak and BOXX Insurance due to onboarding of the business onto our customer platform.
3 3Brandon Hall Group is a leading research and analysis firm specializing in human capital management. The detailed results of the prizes won by Zurich can be seen at this link: 
https://excellenceawards.brandonhall.com/winners/ and on our website at www.zurich.com/commercial-insurance/sustainability-and-insights/awards.
4 4For more details on training, please refer to section 5.2.2 Training and awareness on page 200.


[page 54]
Our Premium Retention1 of 89.7 percent up from 88.2 percent in 2024 demonstrates both the strength of our 
proposition and the loyalty of our customers in a competitive environment. This performance was achieved by 
maintaining disciplined underwriting and proactive risk selection, enabling sustainable growth. Commercial Insurance 
strives to build relationships that extend beyond transactional interactions, fostering loyalty that differentiates us not 
only within the insurance sector but across industries. 
Our 2025 global Customer Relationship Net Promoter Score (RNPS)2 results show continued momentum in customer 
advocacy across our commercial insurance portfolio. Overall RNPS increased by 9 points relative to the previous 2023 
exercise, with particularly strong performance among our largest relationship-managed customer segments. These 
results confirm our industry-leading position, with approximately 70 percent of surveyed customers viewing us ahead of 
competitors and two-thirds rating our customer experience as best-in-class.
Behind these outcomes is a consistent, enterprise-wide focus on meaningful experience delivery anchored in our CX/
BX standards, supported by empowered relationship teams, and strengthened by timely follow-up on feedback.
Our 2025 broker surveys reaffirm our commitment to partnership and service quality across global markets. Feedback 
from strategic and global broker assessments shows consistent improvement in experience scores, with brokers 
recognizing our technical expertise and highlighting us as a trusted partner.
These results reflect our ongoing investment in CX/BX and our focus on delivering seamless, transparent and 
value-driven interactions. As market conditions continue to evolve, we remain committed to deepening collaboration, 
supporting partner growth, and harnessing data-driven insights and digital capabilities to strengthen loyalty and deliver 
exceptional experiences.
Corporate Life & Pension (CLP) customers
In 2025, CLP continued winning new customers, which, coupled with CLP’s retention rate3 of 93.8 percent, a 3.1 
points increase from 90.6 percent in 2024, led to an overall growth in the customer base. Various factors contributed to 
this outcome, including a proven relationship management model, engaging both distributors and corporate customers 
for the long term, and continuous innovation in proposition. Also, for the first time this year, following the successful 
onboarding of our customer reporting system, data from North America and Indonesia are now included.
Each established distribution partnership is assigned a senior relationship manager with years of experience in 
employee benefits and the appropriate seniority level to hold a meaningful relationship with the global and regional 
leadership teams. Emerging distributors also benefit from a similar approach featuring continuous engagement by a 
designated relationship leader. Strategic customer relationships benefit from multiple specialists, by proposition and 
geography, at global and local level. In addition, CLP develops innovative solutions that keep our teams at the forefront 
of their markets.
The Corporate Care proposition in Australia has again been updated in line with prevailing market trends in the areas of 
women's health, employee wellbeing, and mental health. In the UK, a Critical Illness proposition was launched, and a new 
app was unveiled, gathering several digitally enabled value-added services in one convenient place. In Italy, we 
launched a pension-backed credit solution in collaboration with AON, our largest distribution partner in the country. Life 
coverage is now available in Indonesia to complement our existing and well appreciated healthcare proposition. In 
Spain, a new provider for the local B2B2E offering has been selected. Our global benefits network is in advanced 
negotiations with two of the world’s largest intermediaries for the launch of a cell-captive solution, aimed at those 
corporations which, although international in nature, do not yet have the structure or the expertise to manage a fully-
owned, single-parent captive insurer.
4.1.4 Sustaining our commitment
To continue delivering on our customer promise, we have worked on several initiatives this year.
Expanding access to sustainable mobility
In 2025, we advanced sustainable mobility across our geographies through a series of initiatives that expand electric 
vehicle (EV) infrastructure, increase public access, and support the transition to cleaner transportation.
In Brazil we launched the Zurich Charging Stations initiative, an innovative project designed to accelerate the country’s 
green mobility ecosystem. Supported by our Zurich Carbon Fund,4 10 EV charging stations were installed at strategic 
locations such as retail partners, brokers, suppliers, and client sites. Similarly in Malaysia, we partnered with Gentari to 
deploy 56 Zurich-branded EV charging bays across 13 strategic locations, including major malls and transport hubs. 
Finally, in Switzerland, Z Volt continues to attract strong interest, with over 24,000 registered users since its launch. The 
EV-charging service gives access to more than 10,000 public charging stations nationwide, offering transparent pricing 
to all and exclusive discounts for our insured customers.
All these solutions strengthen the availability of public charging and make sustainable mobility more accessible to 
communities, helping to overcome some of the main barriers to EV adoption.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
178
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1Premium retention rate for commercial customers excluding our Crop, Programs, Direct market, Group Captives and Surety business in North America.
2 2RNPS delivers insight on the overall customer experience, with or without specific interactions.
3 3Malaysia and Portugal, are excluded due to ongoing onboarding onto our customer reporting system, Zurich Horizon. When calculating the customer retention rate, the attrition of 
customers in employer-sponsored plans (e.g., life insurance plans) due to turnover (voluntary or involuntary) is not applicable. Additionally, the split between voluntary and involuntary 
laps was not made.
4 4For further information on Zurich Carbon Fund, see section Operational emissions on page 173.


[page 55]
Broadening insurance coverage for Japan’s aging population
Japan faces a unique demographic challenge, with nearly 30 percent of its population aged 65 or older. Recognizing 
the difficulties elderly citizens face in accessing insurance, we introduced the Senior Personal Accident (Senior PA) 
product, specifically designed for individuals aged 65 to 85, with coverage now extendable up to age 100.
Senior PA provides comprehensive protection, including benefits for accidents, hospitalization, surgery, fracture care, 
nursing, and housekeeping services. The product’s flexible premium structure and age-specific rates ensure 
affordability and accessibility for seniors, as they age. Notably, hospitalization benefits now pay a lump sum from day 
one, removing barriers to claims.
The impact has been profound: By 2025, the number of Senior PA customers had grown to over 1.9 million, with the 
product now contributing significantly to Japan’s local revenue. This growth reflects our commitment to social inclusion, 
ensuring that elderly citizens can now enjoy peace of mind and financial security.
By continuously evolving the Senior PA product to meet the needs of Japan’s aging society, we are setting a 
benchmark for inclusive insurance and demonstrating leadership in addressing demographic shifts through sustainable 
solutions.
Turning insight into impact: Customer Lifetime Value and One Customer House
Building on the customer-first approach, in Spain we have integrated all customer touchpoints through our One 
Customer House initiative, creating a seamless and connected experience for every customer, where our customers 
enjoy a smoother, more personalized journey – whether acquiring a new policy, making a claim, or seeking ongoing 
support. This transformation has resulted in record levels of customer satisfaction, with TNPS in Service Centers 
increasing by 4.1 points, compared to 2024. Sales efficiency has also grown, with conversion rates up 3 points and new 
policies increasing by 70 percent versus 2024. Additionally, the internalization of the Retention Center has helped us 
retain high-value customers. By listening and responding to customer needs, we are able to reduce complaints and 
build stronger relationships.
Building a global leader in travel protection
In 2024, Zurich completed the acquisition of AIG’s personal travel insurance and assistance businesses, which it 
combined with the existing Cover-More Group to form Zurich Cover-More, the second largest travel insurer globally. 
With expanded footprint and capabilities, Zurich Cover-More enables tens of millions of travelers to experience the 
world, with enhanced safety and support. In 2025, Zurich Cover-More provided pre-trip intelligence and security 
briefings; delivered over 68,000 real-time alerts in response to geopolitical events, natural disasters and emerging risks 
(+79 percent compared with 2024); managed over 219,000 assistance cases (+60 percent compared with 2024); and 
successfully led 4,250 evacuations (+215 percent compared with 2024), leveraging a global network of close to 
250,000 providers (triple the footprint of 2024).
4.2 Customer-centric solutions
4.2.1 Revenues from sustainable solutions
In 2021, we introduced our own definition of sustainable revenues to better track how our products and services 
contribute to positive environmental and social outcomes.
Each sustainable solution undergoes an internal assessment process and must meet specific criteria before being 
recognized and reported as sustainable revenue. Solutions proposed by countries are reviewed and approved quarterly 
by our dedicated advisory group. As shown in Table 22
, these sustainable solutions are classified into three categories: 
environmental, social, and sustainable investment.
The term sustainable solution encompasses insurance products, add-on coverages, investment offerings, and advisory 
services that are specifically designed or adapted to support activities with a measurable positive environmental or 
social impact, while also contributing to climate risk mitigation.
Since 2021, more than 40 countries across all our regions have contributed to sustainable revenues, with the number of 
approved solutions rising from 402 in 2024 to 464 in 2025 – all reinforcing our ambition to continuously grow revenues 
from sustainable solutions.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
179
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  


[page 56]
Table 22
Our definition of revenues from sustainable solutions1
Revenues from sustainable 
environmental solutions
Solutions related to technologies and/or 
activities that have an impact on reducing 
greenhouse gases, preserve or enhance 
biodiversity as well as enable the 
responsible use of natural resources. These 
solutions aim to mitigate and support 
resilience against the adverse impact of 
environmental-related risks on our 
customers.
Examples include:
– Insurance coverage for electric vehicles.
– Carbon capture solutions.
– Risk prevention services that contribute 
to more customer awareness and 
resilience to the adverse impacts of 
climate change e.g., flood resilience.
Revenues from sustainable 
social solutions
Solutions that enhance social or financial 
inclusion and address the needs of 
vulnerable groups including those that 
reduce inequalities and help close the 
gender gap and other inequities.
Solutions designed to incentivize healthy 
lifestyles both physically and mentally, 
preventive medical care and safe behavior.
Examples include:
– Life protection for customers with 
existing chronic diseases such as 
diabetes or cancer.
– Micro-insurance for low-income 
customers, e.g., insurance for 
smallholder farmers.
Revenues from sustainable 
investment solutions
Investment products with a dedicated 
responsibility approach which goes beyond 
simple exclusions or the integration of ESG 
factors from a pure risk mitigation 
perspective.
Examples include:
– Unit-linked products tailored to the 
needs of customers with sustainable 
preferences. Focused on sustainable 
environmental and social factors, e.g., 
ESG funds, as well as transitional 
aspects.
Incentivizing responsible behaviors
We offer our customers a wide variety of products that empower them to act in alignment with their values concerning 
health, safety and environment. 
In North America, through Zurich Resilience Solutions, we have introduced a comprehensive range of consulting 
services that promote healthier lifestyles in workplaces. These services span ergonomics, industrial hygiene, crisis 
preparedness, mental wellbeing, and targeted health, safety, and liability risk assessments.
In 2025, following the acquisition of BOXX Insurance, we launched Cyberboxx® Assist, a proposition designed to 
promote cyber safety among small and medium-sized enterprises. Developed in response to the growing exposure to 
cyber risks, Cyberboxx® Assist is a comprehensive suite of cyber security tools and services designed to help 
businesses predict, prevent and respond to cyber threats through risk assessments, compliance tools, and expert help, 
supporting businesses in reducing vulnerabilities before incidents occur. The proposition addresses risks such as 
malware attacks, phishing, data breaches, human error, and helps identity key vulnerabilities and potential areas for a 
digital attack for businesses, whilst also providing emergency support and assistance in case of a cyber incident.
In Spain, our green buildings value proposition supports the transition to sustainable construction practices by 
introducing new guarantees and coverages that incentivize environmentally responsible behavior. This offering 
promotes efficient consumption of electricity, water, and gas, encourages the adoption of A+ energy-rated buildings, 
and introduces a rate structure aligned with sustainable risk profiles. Additionally, automated recognition systems have 
been implemented to reward responsible customers.
Figur
In 2025, revenues from sustainable solutions reached USD 2.1 billion, an increase of 24.3 percent compared with USD 
1.7 billion in 2024. This year’s results represent 2.3 percent of our total gross written premiums, fees, and net flows, up 
from 2 percent in 2024. These achievements reaffirm our target to grow our portfolio of sustainable solutions and to 
offer customers the opportunity to choose products and services that contribute to positive environmental and social 
outcomes.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
180
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1Revenue includes gross written premiums from non-life and life solutions, fees from add-ons and services, and net flows from unit-linked and investment solutions.


[page 57]
Figure 20
Revenues from sustainable solutions split by region and sustainable category
In USD millions
Environmental
B: 272
B: 383
D: 386
D: 478
696
994
2024
2025
Social
A: 293
A: 326
C: 94
C: 101
D: 149
D: 155
566
632
2024
2025
Sustainable 
Investment
B: 425
B: 490
440
490
2024
2025
1 The negative value is attributable to higher withdrawals than inflows in sustainable investment funds during 2025 within a specific country. 
A APAC B EMEA C LATAM D North America
Across all three categories of sustainable revenues – Environmental, Social and Sustainable Investment – revenues 
increased respectively by 43 percent, 11.5 percent, and 11.3 percent.
EMEA generated USD 923 million, representing 43.6 percent of total sustainable revenues. This marks an increase of 
USD 196 million year over year, corresponding to 27 percent growth compared with the previous period. The region’s 
strongest driver was Sustainable Investment, supported by ESG unit-linked products, which enable retail customers to 
incorporate ESG funds into their savings and individual pension plans.
In North America, sustainable revenues reached USD 632 million, representing 29.9 percent of total revenues – up 
USD 97 million from 2024. Growth was mainly driven through two main areas: warranty solutions for commercial 
customers prioritizing repair and replacement with refurbished devices, and electric vehicle insurance that supports 
increased EV adoption.
With sustainable revenues totaling USD 384 million, the APAC region contributed 18.1 percent, maintaining its 
position as the leading contributor to the social category. The region recorded a year-over-year growth of 19.7 percent, 
primarily driven by a personal accident insurance product, tailored for seniors aged 65 and above. This product offers 
coverage for third-party liability, injuries, accidents, and hospitalization for up to 30 days. Designed specifically for older 
adults – a vulnerable demographic – it supports financial inclusion in a market where insurance options are often limited 
due to age.
In LATAM, sustainable revenues totaled USD 177 million, accounting for 8.4 percent of the total revenues. This 
performance was primarily driven by social solutions that offer coverage to vulnerable populations. For example, in 
Mexico, we provide protection for farmers by insuring the life of animals in case of accidents, diseases, or forced 
slaughter, and by covering the direct costs of crop production incurred by farmers in the event of climatic, natural, or 
biological events.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
181
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
A: 26 C: 12
A: 57 C: 77
B: 30
B: 49
A: 1 C: 14
A: 1 C: (1)1

[page 58]
418
440
271
245
127
108
34
28
22
453
490
417
310
133
135
96
42
26
Figure 21
Revenues from sustainable solutions by product category1
In USD millions
Accident and Health
ESG unit-linked products
E-mobility
Repair vs replacement solutions
Social coverage to more exposed individuals
Renewable energy
Liability for climate solutions
LiveWell
Zurich Resilience Solutions
Life protection
1 Revenues from sustainable solutions associated with product categories may be allocated across multiple sustainability categories. A single product category can 
contribute to one or more of the following: Environmental, Social, and/or Sustainable Investment. This reflects the integrated nature of our sustainability approach, where 
solutions often deliver benefits across multiple areas.
A 2024 B 2025
Our portfolio of sustainable solutions consists of 10 product categories encompassing environmental, social, and 
sustainable investments.
The 79 percent of sustainable revenues are generated by four categories: Accident and Health (representing 21.4 
percent of the overall portfolio in 2025), ESG unit-linked products (23.2 percent), E-mobility (19.7 percent), and Repair 
vs. replacement solutions (14.6 percent).
Compared to 2024, Liability for climate solutions experienced the highest growth with an increase of 179.1 percent. 
This growth has been primarily driven by solutions in LATAM, such as Eco Auto in Brazil and Huella Zero1 in Argentina.
Other product categories followed a positive trend, with Life protection and E-mobility showing significant growth of 
63.9 percent and 53.9 percent respectively.
Revenues from energy efficiency and low-carbon technologies2
In 2025, our portfolio of energy-efficiency and low-carbon technology solutions generated USD 917 million in 
revenue, compared to USD 644 million in 2024, representing a 42.4 percent increase. Growth was largely fueled by our 
repair vs replace solutions strategy in North America (USD 299 million), which emphasizes sustainable practices in 
electronics and home warranty services for commercial customers. Another big area was our EV solutions, which 
accounted for USD 417 million, primarily driven by EV offerings in the EMEA region. Additionally, renewable energy 
solutions contributed USD 135 million, reinforcing our attention to clean energy adoption.
4.2.2 Innovating for our retail customers
We continuously aim to innovate to meet the evolving needs of individuals and families while supporting a more 
sustainable way of living. As climate risks, emerging technologies, and evolving lifestyles reshape customer 
expectations, we strive to make insurance more closely aligned with everyday trends.
By leveraging data, digital tools, and behavioral insights, we design solutions that combine protection with prevention – 
helping customers anticipate and reduce risks before they occur providing them with continuous access to quality 
information.3 Our focus is on making sustainability practical and rewarding, whether through products that promote 
responsible mobility, energy efficiency, or financial resilience.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
182
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1For further details on Huella Zero, please refer to the section Huella Zero – Sustainable Auto Insurance Solutions on page 183.
2 2Revenues capture gross written premiums and other fee services.
3 3For further details on how we assessed materiality and what is relevant to us, please refer to section 1.1.2 Assessing materiality on pages 132 to 133.
A
B
A
B
A
B
A
B
A
B
A
B
A
B
A
B
A
B
A: 8
B: 14


[page 59]
The following examples illustrate how we are developing innovative retail solutions that protect what matters most while 
encouraging more sustainable choices.
Investing in Futures: Zurich’s Education Savings Plan
Our Education Savings Plan (ESP)1 in the Middle East is a unit-linked solution designed to help parents and caregivers 
prepare for the cost of their children’s higher education. Through a digital advice tool, the ESP provides personalized 
savings recommendations based on the child’s age, the intended level of study, and the projected tuition fees across 
various countries. Contributions are invested in a diversified range of funds, enabling customers to build long-term 
financial security aligned with their educational goals.
A key feature of the plan is Future Premium Protection, which ensures continued funding in the event of a parent’s death 
or permanent disability, safeguarding a child’s educational future.
To enhance awareness and engagement, we launched the ‘Once Upon a Future’ campaign, creatively illustrating how 
the ESP could transform the futures of well-known fairy-tale characters by making education accessible and secure. In 
its first full year, nearly 300 children have been enrolled under the plan, with assets under management exceeding USD 
1.5 million – demonstrating tangible progress in helping families invest in education and build a more sustainable future.
Huella Zero – Sustainable Auto Insurance Solutions
In August 2025, we launched Huella Zero in Argentina, an initiative designed to integrate sustainability into the motor 
insurance claims process and reduce the environmental footprint of automotive incidents.
The program emphasizes responsible management of vehicle claims: In total loss cases, we take care that vehicles are 
carefully decontaminated, disassembled, and recycled, minimizing waste and environmental impact. For partial damage, 
customers can choose repairs at sustainability-focused workshops or request recycled, certified parts, often benefiting 
from reduced deductibles when opting for eco-friendly solutions. These options allow customers to actively participate 
in more sustainable practices while maintaining the quality and safety standards expected from us.
Huella Zero has garnered significant interest since its launch and broadened our sustainability portfolio in Argentina. The 
initiative is automatically available to clients with a ‘Total Damage’ or ‘Comprehensive Coverage’ plan, offering a 
seamless way to combine economic incentives with environmentally responsible practices. Even though the program 
was only implemented after the second half of 2025, there are already 28 recovered spare parts accepted by 
customers, representing a positive response rate of 80 percent. By providing clear, practical alternatives for repairs and 
total loss management, Huella Zero demonstrates our effort to embed sustainability into everyday insurance services 
without compromising service quality or client experience.
Empowering Indonesian farmers with crop parametric micro-insurance
Our Indonesia’s Sharia Weather Index Parametric Insurance is transforming the lives of low-income farmers, particularly 
those cultivating coffee in Sumatra and Sulawesi. By 2025, this innovative micro-insurance product had protected over 
17’000 farmers from the devastating financial impacts of extreme weather events, such as droughts and excessive 
rainfall, which can cause up to a 50 percent decrease in crop yields. 
The insurance leverages satellite-monitored weather data to trigger automatic payouts when rainfall exceeds or falls 
below set thresholds, ensuring swift financial relief without the need for lengthy claims processes. Premiums are 
designed to be affordable and aligned with Sharia principles of mutual help and togetherness. 
4.2.3 Innovating for our commercial customers
As our commercial customers push ahead with their decarbonization efforts, we are investing in understanding the 
evolving risks and trends coming from new transition technologies and processes, to keep our products and 
propositions relevant for our customers and to grow our range of sustainable products in a profitable way.
For this we are actively engaging with customers on their transition challenges and priorities2, gaining insights through 
participation in industry associations, and further developing tomorrow’s talent. These actions support our ambition to 
provide the insurance capacity and expertise customers need to manage and reduce their risks as they decarbonize 
their businesses or strengthen their resilience to the physical risks of climate change. 
Our efforts translate into solutions addressing specific customer needs. Examples include:
– Mass timber3: In the U.S. we are already providing a successful mass timber proposition, which we were able to 
develop through participation in early testing and simulations alongside the construction industry. During 2025, we 
observed broader market adoption of mass timber solutions particularly in warehousing, manufacturing as well as data 
center projects. We monitor these trends to see how they influence the contexts in which our proposition becomes 
relevant for customers and assess the associated risk characteristics to ensure an informed underwriting approach. 
– Clean hydrogen insurance facility: With our pioneering clean hydrogen insurance facility, launched jointly with 
insurance broker Aon plc. in 2024, we are able to provide comprehensive coverage across the entire value chain of 
hydrogen production. Through this, we are able to accelerate the development of blue and green hydrogen projects, 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
183
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1For further details, refer to our website: www.zurich.ae/savings/education-savings-plan.
2 2For further details, refer to section Underwriting – Engagement on page 165. 
3 3Mass timber is a type of engineered wood building material that has a lower carbon footprint compared to traditional materials such as concrete and steel.

[page 60]
supporting our customers as they advance their low-carbon transition. These transition projects represent significant 
investments for our customers, similar to carbon capture, utilization, and storage (CCUS). Through 2025, we have 
continued to gain knowledge and expertise, and insure some of the largest projects in this developing market globally.
– Agrivoltaics solution: In 2025, we launched a dedicated agrivoltaics solution in Germany that enables the dual use of 
agricultural land, allowing farmers to grow crops while simultaneously generating renewable electricity through 
photovoltaics systems. By combining installation, electronics, and power business interruption coverage, we provide 
comprehensive protection tailored to the needs of modern agriculture.
Focus on building capabilities in sustainable energy
As the energy transition plays an important role in our customers’ decarbonization journeys, we are strengthening our 
capabilities to support the shift towards sustainable energy. Dedicated roles have been established to work closely with 
countries and global teams to deliver insights, foster sustainable growth, and anticipate customers’ changing needs 
during their transition. 
These roles build on our existing approach to support the energy transition through 10 sustainable energy hubs in key 
markets, providing locally tailored underwriting expertise for renewable projects, supported by global specialists in 
engineering, underwriting and claims. This integrated expertise enables propositions across wind and solar for onshore 
and offshore installations. Offshore wind turbines remain challenging due to harsh environments and prototypical 
equipment. We provide capacity, mindful of these risks, gaining experience with evolving technology and building a 
foundation for long-term profitability while remaining a consistent partner for customers.
Looking ahead, we will continue to invest in upskilling and cross-training our underwriters, while also recruiting new 
talent to support our ambition to lead the market in transitional energy solutions. An essential part of our approach is 
developing future talent. Our Sustainable Energy Graduate Program, launched in 2023, offers graduates rotations 
across critical business areas focused on sustainable energy. Following the success of the initial cohort, we onboarded 
new graduates in 2025.
Case study
Supporting H2 Energy with their green hydrogen initiatives
H2 Energy, a Swiss pioneer in green energy solutions, has been a valued Zurich customer for several years. 
Previously, H2 Energy joined forces with Hyundai, a South Korean automotive giant, to establish the joint venture 
‘Hyundai Hydrogen Mobility’. This partnership has enabled the introduction of fuel cell heavy-duty trucks powered 
by green hydrogen on Swiss roads, marking a step toward sustainable transportation.
Green hydrogen represents a clean fuel alternative. It is produced by using renewable energy to split water into 
hydrogen and oxygen, and the only emissions are water. It can be burned to produce heat or used in a hydrogen fuel 
cell to generate electricity, making it suitable for power generation, transport and domestic heating.
We provide insurance for Hyundai Hydrogen Mobility’s truck fleet and offer multiple tailored insurance solutions to 
H2 Energy, protecting the entire green hydrogen ecosystem. This includes property, liability, accident and health, as 
well as engineering and marine lines of insurance. Our ability to offer comprehensive coverage is built on our careful 
approach to underwriting. Although hydrogen is perceived as a higher-risk technology, the close collaboration with 
internal risk specialists, hydrogen experts, and H2 Energy enabled us to understand how the hazards associated 
with hydrogen can be managed. This joint effort allowed us to create an insurance solution that helps facilitate 
innovation while managing risks responsibly. 
Weathering the Storm: Making Clean Energy Infrastructure Climate Resilient
In June 2025, we published a research-led report, Safeguarding our Energy Future: Protecting Europe’s Energy 
Infrastructure Against Climate Risk1, highlighting that Europe’s clean energy systems will be increasingly vulnerable to 
climate-related threats if no action is taken. As renewable energy becomes the backbone of the region’s low-carbon 
economy, making this infrastructure more resilient is now critical.
ZRS, with its team of climate data scientists and climate risk experts, utilized its proprietary climate data models to 
analyze over 25,000 power generation sites across France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the UK. The study assessed how 
climate hazards could affect renewable energy production and storage up to 2030 and 2050.
The findings showed that renewable energy assets face significantly more physical climate risk than fossil fuel-based 
infrastructure. By 2030, 83 percent of Europe’s clean energy generation, especially solar power, will be at high risk. 
Energy storage assets are even worse, with 92 percent exposed to high levels of climate risk. With energy generation 
capacity from renewable assets set to increase by 62 percent by 2030, there is also an opportunity to make the clean 
energy transition resilient by design.
The report warns that failing to adapt could jeopardize both the energy transition and energy security. In response to 
this, ZRS has developed a proposition to help customers make their energy generation, distribution and storage assets 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
184
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1You can access the full report at: https://edge.sitecorecloud.io/zurichinsurf8c0-zwpshared-prod-d824/media/project/zurich-headless/zrs/docs/energy-report/safeguarding-our-
energy-future-full-report.pdf.


[page 61]
more resilient to the impacts of climate change and extreme weather events. This new market offering, led by their in-
house, global team of sustainable energy risk engineers, includes:
– Climate change exposure analysis to assess the level of risk across a portfolio of energy assets and infrastructure.
– Financial risk quantification to calculate the estimated cost of a loss through different scenarios, as well as measuring 
the financial benefit of applying risk management and adaptation measures. 
– Site and asset-level risk assessments to identify vulnerabilities, criticalities and to recommend practical measures to 
adapt existing infrastructure, or to enhance the design and implementation of new energy assets. 
ZRS continues to work with both corporate customers, public entities, and policy makers to help make the renewable 
energy industry more resilient and productive in light of the threats posed by climate change and extreme weather events.
Case study
Resilient by design: Enhancing climate adaptation for Katoen Natie’s solar-powered warehouses
ZRS has worked with Katoen Natie, a privately owned global group with over 170 years of history, offering 
warehousing, industrial subcontracting and supply chain solutions to a wide range of industries.
Globally, it manages more than 5 million m² of warehouse capacity, with approximately 3,300 silos, about 160 
platforms and 65,000 solar roof panels.
Growing increasingly concerned about the future impact of extreme weather on their operations and assets, Katoen 
Natie requested the support of ZRS who conducted climate risk assessments of warehouse roofs, which were 
systematically inspected for damage resulting from extreme weather such as water, hail or severe winds. Solar 
panels were also evaluated for secure installation and potential weather-related damage, including signs of 
movement caused by wind. The assessment considered whether the panels could withstand severe windstorms, 
which may intensify in the future. To combat this risk and maintain the lifespan of its solar energy production, Katoen 
Natie has reoriented its solar roof panels from south-facing to east-west, resulting in both reduced wind damage risk 
and increased energy output.
In addition to roof inspections, the interiors of warehouses and on-site battery energy storage systems were 
assessed. The evaluation included drainage and flood risks, particularly in low-lying areas identified in the preliminary 
desktop analysis.
“Our long-standing relationship with Zurich means we don’t just get insurance, we get a partner who 
 understands our business, challenges us to think ahead, and helps us both in our expansions, and in 
 our innovations to stay resilient.”
Carl Leeman
Chief Risk Officer at Katoen Natie
4.3 Customer-centric interactions
4.3.1 Fair and transparent communication
Our customer communication strategy is designed to help us connect meaningfully with every customer, no matter 
where they are on their journey. We recognize that each person’s needs and experiences are different, and, as digital 
and physical interactions merge, the personal touch becomes even more important. Guided by our tone of voice 
framework and our customer empathy program, our approach aims to make every conversation clear, warm and 
understandable. These principles reaffirm our commitment to making customers feel seen, heard and supported by 
strengthening relationships in an ever-changing world.
We introduced a new tone of voice framework in 2023 with the intention of simplifying our communication and making 
interactions with customers more transparent, engaging and easily understandable. In the first half of 2025 alone, we 
added three new markets (India, Ireland and the U.S.) and throughout 2025 we rewrote more than 3,000 documents, 
bringing the total to 6,850 documents revised since the start of implementation. Tone of voice is supported by our 
customer empathy training program to further enhance customer communication. In 2025, the training was completed 
by more than 17,837 employees globally, reaching 27 percent of our total workforce, directly impacting TNPS scores in 
key customer touchpoints. The customer empathy training is our award-winning global program which uses bespoke 
learning and a unique personality model to transform how employees connect with customers through genuine, 
empathetic communication, deeply enhancing customer experience, trust and loyalty.
In line with our Code of Conduct,1 we strive to manage the risk of poor outcomes for our customers and conduct our 
business in a way that treats them fairly and transparently. We believe that clear and accessible advice empowers 
customers to make informed decisions throughout their journey with us. Our Code of Conduct outlines key behaviors 
that guide and inspire us to work with the highest ethical, legal and professional standards. We have a global Customer 
Facing Conduct (CFC) framework in place to support strong customer management in all our countries. 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
185
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1For further details on Code of Conduct, please refer to section 5.2.2 Training and awareness on page 200.


[page 62]
The CFC framework is designed to support countries in identifying, evaluating and mitigating the risks related to 
customer facing conduct. It also supports in developing detective and preventive control activities in existing processes 
across the customer lifecycle. These activities help to maximize the likelihood of fair and positive outcomes for our 
customers in alignment with their changing needs, new business models and the evolution of expectations and 
requirements from regulators and other stakeholders. 
4.3.2 Improved claims management
Claims are a key moment in how we support our customers when it matters most. When processing claims, we have the 
opportunity to put our values into practice. In that context, our specialists focus on listening, advising, and acting 
promptly, whether it is a minor collision or a significant business setback.
Every situation is unique, and each one invites us to go beyond simply resolving a loss. We look for smart, sustainable 
ways to restore what matters – minimizing impact and supporting long-term resilience. As we continue to innovate, we 
are focused on expanding sustainable options in our claims process, so that our customers benefit from solutions that 
are both responsible and future-ready. 
Our Global Broker Survey provides us with insights not only into the relationships we build with our intermediated 
customers, but also into our brokers’ experience with us. The results consistently show that the quality of our 
performance and services positions us as market leaders. This achievement highlights the strength of our relationships 
with brokers, and gives us further opportunities to use these insights to enhance our service and deliver fair, positive 
outcomes for all. Our ongoing commitment is also reflected in the positive recognition and valuable interactions we have 
with customers. 
This dedication has resulted in a 1 point increase in our claims TNPS score, reflecting that more customers feel positive 
about their claims experience and demonstrate increased trust in Zurich. The claims TNPS surveys are conducted at 
relevant claims touchpoints throughout the customer journey and also include broker-led surveys to capture feedback 
across all channels.
Strengthening climate resilience through proactive wildfire response
In January 2025, the devastating wildfires in California caused widespread loss and disruption, impacting thousands of 
families and entire communities. These events were a stark reminder of the growing risks posed by climate change. In 
such situations, our response goes beyond traditional insurance coverage – we work proactively with customers before, 
during, and after such events:
– Before the wildfire season: We provide tailored risk assessments and expert guidance on mitigation strategies, 
including fire-resistant building materials, defensible landscaping, and emergency planning. We also collaborate with 
local authorities to share insights and promote best practices that strengthen community resilience.
– During wildfire events: We mobilize specialized claims teams to deliver rapid support, expedite damage assessments, 
and prioritize those most affected. Leveraging advanced technologies and dedicated helplines, we strive to deliver, 
fair, transparent settlements and assistance.
– After the wildfires: We support communities in rebuilding sustainably and enhancing their resilience to future risks, 
helping them recover stronger for the long term.
4.3.3 Customer excellence
Enhancing retail experience through digital platforms
Our customer portals and apps empower users to 
manage their insurance needs whenever and wherever 
they choose. By integrating additional services such as 
digital signatures, secure payments, and interactive maps 
to locate agents, partners, and repair workshops, we have 
made support and information more accessible than ever. 
Working closely with our partners, we have ensured that 
co-branded features and visuals clearly represent our 
support network, making it easy for customers to find the 
right contact when they need assistance. In 2025, we 
accelerated digital innovation, expanding our offerings 
through a series of initiatives designed to enhance 
convenience and protection.
Zurich One plays a crucial role in our effort to prevent our 
customers from damage before it occurs. In 2025, we 
launched a weather alert feature in Italy, providing timely 
warnings and practical advice to protect against severe 
weather events. Concurrently, Zurich One integrated with 
our cyber security app in Switzerland, enabling customers 
to seamlessly switch between core insurance and 
comprehensive cyber protection – all within a single 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
186
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  


[page 63]
account. Building an interactive ecosystem remains a priority, ensuring our customers always have access to the right 
services and offers from our trusted network.
Empowering commercial customers and brokers through My Zurich
My Zurich is our advanced digital platform for corporate customers and brokers – a central hub for collaboration, 
communication, and insurance program management. Together with our API suite, which connects directly to users’ 
own systems, it supports over 10 thousands users worldwide and is a leading digital service in commercial insurance.
The platform offers intuitive access to policy details, documents, and global insurance programs, helping risk managers 
and brokers make informed decisions while reducing administrative work.
Users benefit from live claims updates for real-time visibility, a renewal checklist that ensures accurate and compliant 
policy reviews, and secure self-service tools for managing electronic certificates of insurance (eCertificates). My Zurich 
also simplifies global policy tracking, enabling efficient monitoring of local policy issuance, activation, and compliance. 
Risk improvement tools help users manage recommendations and strengthen their overall risk profile.
Continuously evolving through customer and broker feedback, My Zurich delivers efficient, transparent, and 
collaborative insurance management – empowering organizations to operate with clarity and confidence.
4.4 Customer-centric trust
Our goal is to make people and organizations more resilient, fostering confidence in an increasingly digital society. As 
we embrace advanced technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI) and in particular generative AI (GenAI), we 
recognize that true customer trust is built on more than innovation alone. It relies on our ongoing dedication to 
transparency in data management, robust data privacy practices, strong cyber security, and business resilience.
Protecting our customers’ information, strengthening operational security, and preparing for unexpected disruptions are 
all critical to earning and maintaining trust. By integrating responsible AI, data privacy, cyber security, and business 
resilience into every aspect of our business, we help provide peace of mind for our customers and contribute to a more 
sustainable future.
We also recognize the information-related impacts for consumers and/or end users, ensuring that our digital solutions 
and data practices promote transparency, trust, and informed decision-making.1
4.4.1 Data & Responsible AI Commitment
We acknowledge the importance of AI in our operations with the Data and Responsible AI Commitment. In 2025, we are 
continuing our commitment, focusing on data privacy and ethical AI use, placing responsible data practices as the 
foundation of our AI and data activities.
Our approach to a safe, responsible, and customer-centric use of AI technologies is based on the following guiding 
principles:
– Safety: Our use of AI is governed by our robust risk management framework, including data privacy and protection, 
and adheres to industry best practices. We operate AI models and their data in safe and protected environments.
– Transparency: We disclose to our customers when they are interacting with AI, using clear labels or disclaimers, and 
providing explanations of AI outcomes.
– Accountability: In line with our Code of Conduct, we act with integrity and do the right thing, including appropriate 
Customer Facing Conduct and responsible use of AI.
– Reliability: Our use of AI is subject to human oversight that identifies and mitigates potential risks, including the 
prevention of harmful biases.
AI-related risks are managed as part of our Group Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Framework, in line with risk 
appetite and tolerance considerations. The guiding principles for responsible use of AI are supported by seven 
governance documents covering areas such as model, third-party and data risks, with associated requirements subject 
to documented controls which are independently tested. This framework aligns with our risk management principles and 
facilitates oversight of AI usage across global operations.
We continue expanding our portfolio to around 400 AI use cases, strengthening our ability to leverage GenAI to solve 
business problems and unlock the significant value of unstructured data. For example, our internally developed GenAI 
tool, ProgramIQ, assists underwriters in proof checking policy wordings for correctness and consistency across 
countries, enhancing governance, improving efficiency, and ensuring greater contract certainty for our customers. 
GenAI usage is supported by global pilots, proof-of-value assessments, and dedicated training and guidance for safe 
and responsible use. Our GenAI solutions are managed through a platform that integrates data privacy by design, 
Responsible AI components, and cyber security.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
187
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1For further details on how we assessed materiality and what is relevant to us, please refer to section 1.1.2 Assessing materiality on pages 132 to 133.


[page 64]
To support our workforce’s continuous learning and development, we offer a wide range of curated learning 
opportunities. In 2025, colleagues engaged in the Digital Mastery Program, which brings together the essential 
modules in automation, data, and generative AI, as well as the foundations level, completing a total of 1,487 sessions. In 
addition, employees took part in the Zurich Customer Empathy learning pathway, including both the Customer 
Empathy Masterclass and the broader Customer Empathy Program, accounting for 2,581 sessions. Together, these 
initiatives reflect our focus on empowering employees with future-ready skills and a strong customer-centric mindset.
4.4.2 Data Privacy
Data privacy is one of our cornerstones of customer-centric trust. We uphold transparency in our data privacy and 
records management practices and maintaining high standards of personal information protection across all our 
operations, especially as we integrate advanced AI technologies.
In 2025, we continued to strengthen our global data privacy platform by further standardizing data privacy and AI risk 
assessments and governance practices, and continued to evolve our AI governance, underpinned by our 
comprehensive AI Assessment Framework.
Our efforts on data privacy include:
– Comprehensive training1: All employees are required to complete annual data privacy and security training, covering 
data privacy, responsible AI use, secure data handling, and cyber security best practices.
– Specialized forums: We enhance training and awareness activities tailored to employees based on their exposure to 
data privacy risk. Our internal annual data privacy conference, along with targeted training sessions for key personnel, 
promotes a consistent understanding of data privacy and Responsible AI-related topics. These forums bring together 
experts and cross-functional teams to explore the latest developments in data privacy.
– Information governance: Our information governance and data compliance networks provide a continuous forum for 
sharing experiences, discussing case studies, and developing collaborative solutions. To ensure best practices, a 
comprehensive Data Privacy and Records Management Guidance document has been issued and shared globally.
– Privacy by design in AI: A critical aspect of our GenAI strategy is the focus on data privacy embedded directly in the 
design of our solutions and our group-wide platform. This ensures that privacy considerations are addressed from the 
earliest stages of development.
By continuously strengthening our global data privacy platform, ensuring rigorous training and awareness, we uphold 
our commitment to protecting personal information and maintaining the trust of our customers.
4.4.3 Training on data privacy and information security
Employees, including our senior management, receive annual, mandatory education on data privacy and information 
security. In 2025, a global data privacy training was assigned to all employees,2 achieving a 99.9 percent of completion 
rate (compared with 99.9 percent in 2024). This training emphasizes respecting privacy rights as well as data privacy 
principles for processing personal data. The training also covers the importance of handling business records properly 
and the responsible use of AI.
Our annual information security awareness training,3 with a 99.8 percent completion rate (compared with 99.8 percent 
in 2024), covers critical topics such as secure remote work, strong password creation, social engineering, and 
recognizing phishing attempts, including those leveraging AI. This core training is complemented by year-round tip 
sheets, bite-sized learning campaigns, and live expert sessions.
4.4.4 Cyber security
The cyber threat landscape has transformed dramatically in the past decade. Simple phishing scams and basic malware 
have increasingly given way to highly sophisticated and persistent threats – ransomware, advanced persistent threats, 
supply chain compromises, and nation-state-backed espionage. These evolving risks bring greater potential for financial 
loss, reputational harm, and regulatory exposure. Attackers now target sensitive data, disrupt essential services, and 
seek to undermine trust.
As a global financial services provider, we hold vast amounts of sensitive information – making us a key target for cyber 
criminals and nation-state actors. The increasing complexity of cyber attacks, combined with intricate IT environments 
and extended supply chains, calls for more than just tactical fixes. Instead, we need a robust, strategic, and forward-
looking governance model. This means integrating proactive threat detection, automated prevention, tested incident 
response plans, and ongoing employee awareness.
We are proud to have reached our five-year cyber security maturity target, measured objectively against leading 
industry standards. A major contributor to this success is our alignment with the latest NIST Cybersecurity Framework 
(CSF). This updated control framework ensures our approach remains risk-based, comprehensive, and forward-looking –
keeping us ahead in cyber resilience.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
188
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1For further information, see section 4.4.3 Training on data privacy and information security on page 188.
2 2Excludes employees on long-term leave during the training window, new joiners who joined after the cut-off date for the annual training assignment, and employees who left the 
company before the assignment due date, as well as Farmers Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries.
3 3Excludes employees on long-term leave during the training window, new joiners who joined after the cutoff date for the annual training assignment, and employees who left the 
company before the assignment due date, as well as getolo.


[page 65]
Our Strategy: four pillars of cyber resilience
Advancing cyber maturity through measurement
By aligning with the NIST CSF, we have standardized our security posture across the globe. This approach 
strengthens our defenses, protects customer data, and reinforces our reputation as a resilient industry leader. Our 
top-tier CSF maturity rating reflects this dedication.
Modernizing security platforms and simplifying operations
Transitioning from traditional data centers to hybrid and cloud environments demands agile, scalable security. We 
are rolling out next-generation detection and response capabilities for both legacy and cloud-native workloads. This 
modernization balances current cyber risks with future technology needs, ensuring enterprise-wide resilience.
Maintaining strong cyber hygiene
Fundamental cyber hygiene is key to defending against common and opportunistic threats. Automated safeguards, 
consistent policy enforcement, and regular employee training help us maintain resilience and meet regulatory and 
best-practice standards.
Practicing response and recovery for high-impact events
In 2025, the financial sector has increasingly been targeted by threat actors who use social engineering techniques 
to exploit the human factor. Recognizing this risk, we proactively launched a global awareness campaign to 
empower our employees and strengthen our defenses. By educating our teams on the tactics used by attackers, we 
showcased our commitment to preparedness and helped reduce the likelihood of falling victim to these threats.
We are committed to continuous improvement in our defenses, recovery and resilience. Our 24/7/365 cyber fusion 
center leverages advanced technologies, automation, and global threat intelligence to proactively detect, contain, and 
respond to threats. These ongoing investments ensure we not only address current risks but also build a flexible, 
adaptive infrastructure to meet future digital challenges.
4.4.5 Business resilience
Business Resilience refers to an organization’s capacity to absorb disruptions and adapt to changing conditions, 
ensuring it can continue to meet its objectives and thrive over time.
To support this, we have established clear expectations for all countries and Group Functions. Each is required to 
develop and maintain a local Business Resilience Program that follows an annual cycle of key activities designed to 
continuously strengthen resilience.
In Q1 2025, countries and Group Functions reassessed the scope of their Business Resilience Programs. The goal was 
to ensure that continuity planning remains focused on the business processes most critical to operations and customer 
service delivery.
As part of this review, Business Impact Assessments (BIAs) were updated to reflect any changes in internal operations 
or the external environment. These assessments evaluate the potential consequences of disruptions across three key 
dimensions: 
– Financial Impact: Each country or Group Function defines its own financial impact thresholds, representing the 
maximum acceptable direct financial loss from operational disruptions.
– Reputational and customer impact: Standardized rating scales for these categories are provided centrally to ensure 
consistency across the organization.
– Customer impact: Alongside financial and reputational considerations, customer impact plays a central role in 
determining the scope and prioritization of resilience activities.
Continuity plans for critical business processes are developed and maintained using a centralized global digital 
platform. These plans are reviewed, tested, and formally approved throughout the year. In parallel, crisis management 
teams – operating at local, regional, and group levels – participate in scenario-based exercises. These simulations are 
designed to test decision-making under pressure, evaluate internal and external communication strategies, and assess 
the organization’s ability to manage events that could disrupt services or compromise customer protection.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
189
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  


[page 66]
We support our people to perform at their best 
and build skills for long-term employability.
 
We support our people to perform at their best – 
today, tomorrow and through changes in the 
market. We sustain a work environment in which 
people can demonstrate a winning mindset and 
build skills, so they can stay employable for the 
long term. It’s how we meet our customers’ 
evolving needs, and contribute to the society 
in which we operate. And it’s how we unlock 
exceptional performance that lasts.”
Jolanda Grob 
Group Chief People Officer
5.1 Our people
5.2 Prevention of bribery & corruption
5.3 Human rights 
5.4 Sustainable sourcing
5.5 Responsible tax
5.6 Community investment
The DMA highlighted training and skills development, equal treatment and opportunities for all, as well as working 
conditions, as key workforce subtopics, alongside corporate culture and protection of whistleblowers under business 
conduct.1 These priorities underpin our efforts to foster an inclusive, ethical and future-ready organization that supports 
continuous learning, integrity and resilience.
5.1 Our people
We believe that building a sustainable business starts with empowering people. Our commitment to being a responsible 
and impactful employer is not just a principle, it is a practice embedded in our decision-making. We know that when our 
people thrive, so does our business, which benefits our customers and the communities in which we live.
In 2025, we continued to shape a workplace where purpose, performance and personal growth go hand in hand. We 
invested in future-ready skills, adaptable leadership, and resilience, helping our people to be equipped to navigate 
ambiguity and change, as well as lead with confidence. Our culture is rooted in optimism, care and reliability. With 
forward thinking, results-orientation and a sense of togetherness, we bring our purpose to life to create a brighter future 
together.
Our distinct culture enables us to attract and retain the right talent, unlock innovation, and continuously raise the 
bar as we deliver on our strategy. We remain focused on creating an environment where our people can grow and 
contribute with purpose and drive.
Our people sustainability aspiration is to:
– Empower people to deliver exceptional results with professional excellence and a winning mindset. Our people are set 
up to succeed in their role and grow into what comes next. That is how we accelerate in a volatile world, helping 
people thrive.
– Build a culture where people want to make an impact, constantly raising the bar and adapting for what is ahead. That is 
how we deliver high performance, sustainably.2
Building a sustainable future for us also depends on maintaining the right balance between developing and hiring talent 
from within our organization and bringing in new skills and perspectives from external hires. This approach enables us to 
build a workforce that is resilient, adaptable, and equipped to address evolving market challenges. 
We annually assess our human capital risks via our Total Risk ProfilingTM methodology and conduct quarterly reviews to 
follow up on mitigation actions, so that we manage risks effectively and support our business.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
190
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
5. People
  
1 1For further details on how we assessed materiality and what is relevant to us, please refer to section 1.1.2 Assessing materiality on pages 132 to 133.
2 2Sustainable high performance means consistently achieving outstanding results while preserving the long-term resilience and engagement of people. It integrates holistic health, 
inclusion, and adaptability into work practices, ensuring success that endures without compromising individuals’ or organizational integrity.


[page 67]
In 2025, our headcount increased to 65,437 employees (2.5 percent increase compared with 63,842 in 2024, mainly as 
a result of organic growth). 94.4 percent of the workforce has permanent contracts and 5.6 percent has temporary 
contracts (compared with 94.5 percent and 5.5 percent respectively in 2024).
Figure 22
Our workforce
1 Calculated as of December 31, 2025, on a headcount basis of 65,437 employees (equivalent of 63,965 FTE (full-time equivalent) as part of own workforce; total numbers include 0.9 
percent ‘undisclosed gender’, that is, employees with no declared gender).
Our internal grading system defines the following progression by career level:
– Career level A comprises all entry level and low specialization roles.
– Career level B includes frontline managers and technical staff.
– Career level C includes middle managers and highly specialized technical staff.
– Career level D comprises senior executives and senior experts.
– Career level E incorporates the most senior roles such as country CEOs and other senior business leaders.
Senior management comprises career levels D and E together. Middle management refers to career level C.
5.1.1 Careers and work
Throughout 2025, we continued to successfully develop and retain employees with key skills and capabilities.1 We offer 
relevant programs, processes and initiatives to all our employees, independent of their form of employment (e.g., full-
time or part-time, permanent or temporary).
Approach
We continuously enhance the quality, relevance and variety of our training and skills development approach2 for 
our people, thereby increasing the levels of expertise, efficiency and productivity across the organization. With rapid 
advances in AI, continuous learning and upskilling has been reinforced as material for us, supporting our increasing shift 
to digital-first learning offerings.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
191
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1See more on www.zurich.com/about-us/our-people/skills.
2 2For further details on how we assessed materiality and what is relevant to us, please refer to section 1.1.2 Assessing materiality on pages 132 to 133.
65,437
employees1Women Men
51% 48.1%
33,382 31,478
Employees’ 
age
A Age < 30  14.6% 
B Age 30-50  59.1% 
C Age > 50  26.3% 
47 131 9
Countries Nationalities Years of service 
on average
Regional 
breakdown
A EMEA  41.4% 
B North America  27.4% 
C APAC  15.3% 
D LATAM  13.3% 
E Corporate Center  2.5% 
Full time Part time
92.5% 7.5%
Employment 
type
A Career level A  24.4% 
B Career level B  48.7% 
C Career level C  8.6% 
D Career level D  2.9% 
E Career level E  0.2% 
Career 
level
Average age of employees
42
A
B
C
A
B
C
D
E
A
B
C D
E

[page 68]
Actions
We attract the right talents and skills as we continue to be an employer of choice1 to grow careers. In 2025, we 
hired 11,222 new employees across the Group (compared with 10,449 in 2024),2 hiring typically employees of the age 
group 30-50, nationals of the countries where we operate, into full-time roles. We continue to place significant emphasis 
on supporting our apprenticeship, trainee and internship programs globally, offering opportunities for people at any 
stage of their careers. We employ nearly 1,700 apprentices, trainees and interns a year with particularly strong programs 
in Switzerland, the UK, Germany, the U.S. and Brazil. Several countries maintain programs that give young professionals 
a clear path into the industry, such as the Underwriting Factory in Italy, enabling the country to secure critical skills for 
the future. We also partner with the Global Alliance for Youth and collaborate with its member organizations to 
strengthen the employability of youth through workplace-based learning. In 2025, 14.6 percent of our workforce and 
33.9 percent of our new hires were aged 30 or younger. 
Table 23
New hires1
Dimension
Region
APAC  35.5  31.5  3.5  1  0  1  28.5 1,850 1,970
EMEA  38.1  28.2  2.6  1  0  1  30.1 3,746 3,422
LATAM  28.7  25.5  2.2  0.2  0  0.2  43.4 2,356 2,434
North America  25.1  66.4  3.6  1.5  0  1.6  3.4 3,087 2,464
Corporate Center  21.3  30.1  18  12  3.3  15.3  15.3 183 159
Gender
Female  33.4  39.9  2.1  0.9  0.1  0.9  23.7 5,858 5,359
Male  30.7  37.9  4.3  1.5  0.1  1.6  25.5 5,157 4,886
Undisclosed gender3  16.4  24.2  4.3  2.9  0  2.9  52.2 207 204
Age group
Age <30  57  24.5  0.2  0  0  0  18.3 3,800 3,638
Age 30-50  20.4  48.1  4.8  1.4  0  1.5  25.2 6,045 5,419
Age >50  12.3  36.7  4.4  3.3  0.4  3.7  43 1,377 1,392
Employment type4
Full-time  30.7  40.1  3.2  1.2  0.1  1.2  24.7 10,544 9,849
Part-time  50.6  17.1  2.3  1.4  0  1.4  28.7 666 600
Nationality
National  34.9  27.6  2.9  0.9  0  0.9  33.7 7,052 6,555
Non-national  31  32.3  4.1  1.9  0.6  2.4  30.2 1,079 845
Undisclosed nationality5  25.1  66.4  3.6  1.5  0  1.6  3.4 3,091 3,049
Total (# 2025) 3,571 4,345 357 131 8 139 2,810 11,222 N/A
Total (# 2024) 3,434 3,433 274 100 10 110 3,198 N/A 10,449
Career level (%)
Total # 
2025
Total # 
2024A B C D E
Senior 
management Unranked2
1 The percentage calculation methodology has been revised for 2025 in order to improve readability, with percentages now calculated on a row basis. Prior-year values are therefore 
not directly comparable.
2 ‘Unranked’ refers to employees who are not assigned to any career level, comprising employees in Germany, including getolo (not ranked due to locally applicable restrictions 
preventing the use of this data), Zurich Kotak (due to ongoing onboarding onto our platform), Orion, BOXX Insurance, sales force teams (due to their higher volatility), and individual 
cases with late job assignments on year-end hires. The total includes all employees, including 'unranked'.
3 ‘Undisclosed gender’ refers to employees with no declared gender.
4 Excludes employees that are not classified as either part-time or full-time.
5 ‘Undisclosed nationality’ refers to employees for whom we do not hold nationality/citizenship information, mostly from North America.
We listen to our people regularly and focus our actions on what drives their engagement. Our annual Zurich 
Experience Survey (ZES)3 had an excellent 87 percent response rate in 2025 (up 2 percentage points versus ZES 
2024). We have been reassured again that our employees’ perception of personal and professional development, as 
well as career opportunities not only performs above our industry peers, and at or above high performing organizations, 
but also continues to drive their engagement. Our engagement score was 1 percentage point better than that of high 
performing companies and 4 percentage points better than other global finance and insurance peers working with the 
same provider.4
We prioritize internal over external hires, whenever possible and appropriate. By promoting accelerated internal mobility 
among our people, we support their professional and personal development, career diversification, upskilling and 
reskilling (e.g., Group Technology Office Reskilling Program, Spain’s Claims Campus for reskilling, Italy’s Life claims and 
Non-Life underwriting upskilling). About two-thirds of our internal mobility represents vertical moves, and our promotions 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
192
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1See more on www.zurich.com/about-us/our-people.
2 2For more information, see Table 23 New hires on page 192.
3 3The annual ZES was administered in May 2025 across the Group, excluding Farmers Group, Inc., Zurich Cover-More, BOXX Insurance, Orion and getolo. 
4 4All benchmarks are from our external provider’s client companies.


[page 69]
continue to reflect a balanced gender split: 53.8 percent of all promotions were female (compared with 57.5 percent in 
2024). The remaining one third is a combination of horizontal mobility (51.3 percent opportunities taken up by females in 
2025, 59 percent in 2024), international mobility (31.6 percent female, 38.5 percent in 2024), and other forms of internal 
mobility such as rehires (that is, all newly contracted employees who were former Zurich employees prior to re-joining, 
56.4 percent female, 57 percent in 2024), and changes in employment contract from temporary to permanent (52.4 
percent female, 56.8 percent in 2024). 
We continue to build out our leadership pipeline to support career growth through vertical, lateral or international 
moves. Our managerial and leadership development approach is clustered around four key areas: 
1 Leadership development designed and delivered in our countries and regions (e.g., APAC Senior Leaders of the 
Future program, Leading for Success in LATAM).
2 Identification and development of emerging future leaders (e.g., Zurich Accelerate, in collaboration with the University 
of St. Gallen (HSG), develops high-impact future enterprise leaders for business growth, equipping them to lead 
across markets, cultures and economic landscapes).1
3 Talent development in core areas (e.g., Lead Tomorrow Prepared program2 in collaboration with Stanford Business 
School for Commercial Insurance Senior leaders).
4 Executive development and succession planning.
In 2025, the internal hiring ratio declined to 66.7 percent (compared with 72.8 percent in 2024), behind our ambition of 
increasing the value of this metric year on year. This trend is due to increased external hiring in 2025 in our technical 
areas like underwriting and claims, digital and AI, as well as sales and distribution. Our internal hiring ratio for senior 
management was 71.8 percent, similar to 72.2 percent in 2024. Overall, our approach contributes to our people 
remaining employable, now and in the future, irrespective of their seniority, gender, age, or any other personal 
characteristics. 
Table 24
Internal hires1, 2
Dimension
Gender
Female  100  58.6  81.6  71.5  50  70.7  67.3  75 
Male  100  57.4  79.6  74.4  77.8  74.6  66.6  70.2 
Undisclosed gender3  100  31.1  37.5  0  0  0  31  52.9 
Age Group
Age < 30  100  50  68.6  100  0  100  65.6  73.7 
Age 30-50  100  58.2  78.9  74.3  75  74.3  65.7  71.4 
Age > 50  100  67.4  85.1  63.4  66.7  63.7  72.8  78.1 
Total % Internal hires  100  57.8  79.9  71.9  70.8  71.8  66.7  72.8 
Career level (%) Total % 2025 – 
Independent of 
career level
Total % 2024 – 
Independent of 
career levelA B C D E
Senior 
management
1 Internal hiring rate is the proportion of internal mobility in comparison to the aggregated sum of internal mobility and external hiring. It is calculated by dividing the total number of 
internal mobility (reflected by horizontal, vertical or international moves, re-hiring of former Zurich employees, or changing employment contract types from temporary to permanent 
contracts) by the aggregated total of internal mobility plus external hiring. The internal hiring rate of career level A excludes external hires, as these positions are, by nature, mainly 
filled by external career starters, meaning the internal hiring rate of career level A is always 100 percent. The total percentage for 2025 (independent of career level) is also 
calculated without taking career level A external hires into account.
2 Excludes ‘unranked’ employees who are not assigned to any career level (15.3 percent of our workforce), comprising employees in Germany, including getolo (not ranked due to 
locally applicable restrictions preventing the use of this data, 8 percent of our workforce), Zurich Kotak (due to ongoing onboarding onto our platform, 2.8 percent of our workforce), 
Orion (0.3 percent of our workforce), BOXX Insurance (0.1 percent of our workforce), and sales force teams (due to their higher volatility, 2.4 percent of our workforce).
3 ‘Undisclosed gender’ refers to employees with no declared gender.
We offer varied opportunities to our people for professional and personal development, as well as career 
advancement. While we know that most impactful learning occurs in the flow of work coupled with feedback, we also 
invest in coaching, mentoring and formal learning, including accredited education and support for degree programs and 
certifications with partnering institutions, or any other program if deemed useful in connection with the role. The insights 
we collect via our Performance and Development Cycle (PDC)3 inform the strategic training priorities and highlight key 
areas for development and upskilling. Our career development tool, MyJourney, further supports this by identifying our 
evolving skill requirements and comparing them with the skills of our employees – supporting our ambition to deliver on 
our targets, and preparing us for future success. As a testimony to our commitment to high-quality continuous learning, 
we were awarded eleven Brandon Hall awards, of which our Customer Empathy Masterclass Program received the Gold 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
193
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1In 2025, the program achieved exceptional participant endorsement, i.e., NPS +85 (virtual sessions) and NPS +97 (in-person sessions).
2 2The ‘Lead Tomorrow Prepared’ program’s NPS is +100. In addition, 29 percent (i.e., 12 out of 41) of participants moved to a new role in 2025.
3 3The PDC is a clearly defined approach that annually guides all employees through goal setting (including drafting of individual development and training plans), regular career and 
progress conversations, and a year-end performance review. At the end of 2025, 58,822 employees managed this process through our supporting system, MyPDC (6,615 
employees were out of scope from Cover-More Group, Zurich Kotak, Chile sales force, Orion, BOXX Insurance, some entities in Germany, Austria and others, adding to 10.1 percent 
of our workforce). By the end of 2025, out of 53,793 employees eligible to conduct their year-end performance review in MyPDC, 91.5 percent completed the review. 


[page 70]
award in four categories: Best Certification Program, Best Customer Training Program, Best Unique or Innovative 
Learning and Development Program, Best Use of Games or Simulations for Learning.1
Our global learning platform, MyDevelopment, offers more than 38,000 courses, including the full library of LinkedIn 
Learning. Through technical academies, we aim to build capabilities that are core to our business, with these key 
highlights in 2025: 
– We launched the Zurich Resilience Solutions (ZRS) Academy to strengthen technical capabilities through innovative 
learning (e.g., gamified ZRS Jargon series, Natural Hazards training) and embed our culture through the Global 
Onboarding Seminar that started with 92 colleagues in its first edition. Within its first seven months, 1,845 employees 
from 32 countries engaged actively in the Academy, spending on average 2 hours 14 minutes on learning. Learner 
satisfaction remained constantly high, with an average score of 4.7 (out of 5).
– Our ‘Winning in the Market’ (WITM) programs feature a broad catalogue of professional skills courses for Commercial 
Insurance colleagues and continue to deliver high-quality training.2 As part of this portfolio, the WITM Global Summit 
Series features bite-size training sessions, which attracted strong engagement – with over 7,500 registrations across 
33 sessions. 
Table 25
Average learning hours1, 2
Dimension
Gender
Female 22 21.2 24 14.1 9.5 13.9 12.1 20.7 19.5
Male 26.1 16 17.7 11.8 8.6 11.7 10.8 17.6 18.2
Undisclosed gender⁴ 41.3 24.2 25.8 37.6 0 37.6 4.9 10.5 20.7
Age group
Age <30 26.9 16.6 10.5 7.5 0 7.5 10.5 22 22.2
Age 30-50 22.9 19.2 21.6 12.3 8.2 12.2 10 18.9 18.7
Age >50 15.7 15.4 16.2 12.1 8.9 11.8 12.7 15 15.2
Total average # 2025 23.6 18.5 20.2 12.6 8.9 12.4 11.2 19.1 N/A
Total average # 2024 20.5 17.6 17.9 12.9 7.6 12.6 15.9 N/A 18.9
Career level
Total average 
# 2025
Total average 
# 2024A B C D E
Senior 
management Unranked³
1 Hours tracked on our global learning platforms (i.e., physical, digital as well as mandatory and voluntary training sessions).
2 Reporting on average learning hours excludes Farmers Group, Inc, Cover-More Group, Orion, BOXX Insurance, and getolo. The average learning hours per person in Farmers Group, 
Inc. is 35.6 hours (compared with 36.1 hours in 2024).
3 ‘Unranked’ refers to employees who are not assigned to any career level (15.3 percent of our workforce), comprising employees in Germany, including getolo (not ranked due to 
locally applicable restrictions preventing the use of this data, 8 percent of our workforce), Zurich Kotak (due to ongoing onboarding onto our platform, 2.8 percent of our workforce), 
Orion (0.3 percent of our workforce), BOXX Insurance (0.1 percent of our workforce), and sales force teams (due to their higher volatility, 2.4 percent of our workforce). The total 
includes all employees, including 'unranked'.
4 ‘Undisclosed gender’ refers to employees with no declared gender.
In 2025, our employees dedicated over 1.2 million hours to online learning, an increase from 1.1 million in 2024.3 This 
translates to an average of 19.1 hours per employee, an increase from 18.9 hours in 2024. Our learners’ Net Promoter 
Score (NPS) for all our courses is 38 for 2025, 4 points lower than in 2024.
Our learning approach not only embraces formal learning but increasingly shifts toward applied learning experiences 
that are crucial for professional growth and development. These include:
– Learning through collaboration: We have a number of platforms that facilitate communication and collaboration. 
These include leveraging our AI assistants, such as ZuriChat, Microsoft Copilot, internally developed AI assistants 
such as ProgramIQ,4 ClaimsIQ and others where employees can ask questions, solve problems and share knowledge 
in novel ways.
– Peer learning and mentoring: Interactions with colleagues and mentors provide meaningful opportunities for informal 
learning, which can be more contextually relevant than formal training. For example, Italy’s GenerAction program 
promotes cross-generational mentoring, enabling mentors and mentees to learn from one another as they work 
together to solve shared challenges.
– On-the-job learning: Provides engaging learning moments for our employees, applying theoretical knowledge and 
frameworks to real-world situations (e.g., via stretch assignments, secondments, internal mobility). Furthermore, 
communities of practice allows an exchange of knowledge on specific expertise, or our My70Percent initiative which 
encourages employees to consider exploring part-time on-the-job assignments outside of their everyday role.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
194
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1Brandon Hall Group is a leading research and analysis firm specializing in human capital management. The detailed results of the prizes won by Zurich can be seen at this link: 
https://excellenceawards.brandonhall.com/winners/ and on our website at www.zurich.com/commercial-insurance/sustainability-and-insights/awards.
2 2The ‘Winning in the Market’ (WITM) program’s NPS is 82.
3 3Reporting on learning hours excludes Farmers Group, Inc., Cover-More Group, Orion, BOXX Insurance and getolo.
4 4For more information on ProgramIQ, see section 4.4.1 Data & Responsible AI Commitment on page 187.


[page 71]
– Job shadowing: Observing experienced colleagues in their roles also allows employees to acquire new skills. For 
instance, Zurich UK's Ride the Rails initiative encourages employees to shadow colleagues in different functions to 
learn more about the business and develop cross-functional relationships.
In 2025, we spent more than USD 40.5 million on learning (compared with USD 41 million in 2024), an average of USD 
619 per employee (compared with 644 in 2024).
We continue to retain talent and skills, measured by both our people’s intention to stay working for us as well as actual 
turnover rates. Employees’ willingness to recommend Zurich as a great place to work, as measured in the ZES 2025, is 5 
percentage points better than those in high performing companies and 8 percentage points better than other global 
finance and insurance peers with the same provider, as is their intention to stay working for us (2 percentage points 
better and 4 percentage points better, respectively). Total employee turnover increased to 13.1 percent compared with 
12.9 percent in 2024. Over the years, we have observed minimal variance in the entry and exit patterns based on 
gender. In 2025, 50.4 percent of the individuals voluntarily or involuntarily departing our organization were female 
(compared with 52.8 percent in 2024).
Our employees under 30 years of age continue to have a higher voluntary turnover rate compared with other age 
groups, in line with external market trends. As we remain focused on getting insights from various sources, our aim is to 
continuously improve and remain an attractive employer for all who look to start and develop careers, not just in core 
technical insurance roles.
Table 26
Turnover1
Dimension
Region
APAC  9.7  10.1  9.5  9.3  0  9  21.7  6.3  6  12.2  12.8 
EMEA  11.6  7.3  6.8  9.8  12  9.8  8.5  4.6  4  8.6  9.5 
LATAM  14.8  16.3  9.3  11.4  15.4  11.6  28.6  6.9  8.2  15.1  15.2 
North America  25.9  19.5  11.5  18.7  14.3  18.4  19.6  8.3  11.2  19.5  16.9 
Corporate 
Center  16.7  7.5  7.9  9.3  8.7  9.2  12.5  2.9  5.4  8.4  8.2 
Gender
Female  13.4  14.3  9.5  10.1  14.3  10.3  10  6.5  6.7  13.2  13.2 
Male  16.3  12.2  9.0  12.7  9.6  12.5  13.1  5.9  6.9  12.8  12.4 
Undisclosed 
gender3  46.7  30.3  5.3  19.4  0  19.4  27.6  5.3  22.9  28.2  21.2 
Age Group
Age < 30  17.9  16.4  7.9  33.3  0  33.3  20.8  10.8  6.9  17.7  17.8 
Age 30-50  13  12.8  7.1  8.5  9.5  8.6  13.2  6.5  5.7  12.2  12.1 
Age > 50  13.8  13.5  13.5  15.8  11.3  15.4  7.5  2.9  9.9  12.8  12.1 
Employment Type
Full-time  13.9  13.2  8.9  11.5  10.1  11.4  13  6.2  6.8  12.9  12.6 
Part-time  21.6  15.1  14.8  21.4  40  22.1  5.6  5.7  9.5  15.1  17 
Nationality
National  12.3  9.5  8.3  10.1  14.7  10.3  11.9  5.2  5.4  10.6  10.5 
Non-national  13.4  9.7  6.4  9  6.1  8.7  11.1  6.3  3.8  10.1  11.2 
Undisclosed 
nationality4  22.7  19.1  11.1  18.2  14.3  17.9  19.6  8  10.8  18.8  17.4 
Total (% 2025)  14.6  13.3  9.2  11.9  10.8  11.8  12.6  6.2  7  13.1 N/A
Total (% 2024)  15  13.2  10.3  10.4  9.3  10.4  8.9  7  5.9 N/A  12.9 
Career level (%)
Voluntary 
turnover (%)
Involuntary 
turnover (%)
Total 
turnover (%) 
2025
Total 
turnover (%) 
2024A B C D E
Senior 
management Unranked 2
1 Total turnover is calculated as the sum of number of voluntary leavers and the number of involuntary leavers, divided by the average headcount of the selected year. Voluntary 
turnover refers to employees deciding to leave the company, e.g., for personal reasons. Involuntary turnover refers to cases where the decision to leave is not entirely made by the 
employee, e.g., retirement and mutual agreement. Reporting excludes temporary employees and interns.
2 ‘Unranked’ refers to employees who are not assigned to any career level (15.3 percent of our workforce), comprising employees in Germany, including getolo (not ranked due to 
locally applicable restrictions preventing the use of this data, 8 percent of our workforce), Zurich Kotak (due to ongoing onboarding onto our platform, 2.8 percent of our workforce), 
Orion (0.3 percent of our workforce), BOXX Insurance (0.1 percent of our workforce), and sales force teams (due to their higher volatility, 2.4 percent of our workforce). The total 
includes all employees, including 'unranked'. The total includes all employees, including 'unranked'.
3 ‘Undisclosed gender’ refers to employees with no declared gender.
4 ‘Undisclosed nationality’ refers to employees for whom we do not hold nationality/citizenship information, mostly from North America.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
195
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  


[page 72]
Case study
Developing next-gen digital leaders
Our global Digital Leaders program is building the next generation of Technology & Operations leaders by 
combining strategic insight, emerging technology and hands-on development in a comprehensive nine-month 
tailored program. 
The latest cohort finished in May 2025 and completed eight modules covering AI, cyber, cloud, leading through 
data, and change leadership – supported by senior mentors, monthly cohort sessions and external speakers.
Of these, 76 percent have moved into new roles, with many citing stronger networks, increased self-confidence, and 
a broader strategic perspective as outcomes of the program.
One said, “I’m more confident in applying what I have learnt and challenging the status-quo”, while another shared, 
“It gave me a clear view of the tech challenges that we have.” The next cohort launched in October 2025 with a 
deeper focus on AI and digital transformation, reflecting our commitment to delivering smarter, faster, and more 
impactful outcomes.
5.1.2 Inclusion and belonging 
Guided by our Board of Directors,1 we foster a culture focused on mutual respect, professional growth, and fair 
opportunities for all employees. By valuing diverse perspectives, we strengthen our teams and deliver better outcomes 
for our people and customers. In compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, we strive to integrate inclusion and 
belonging principles in all countries in which we operate by taking targeted actions and assuming leadership 
accountability, mirroring the full span of customers we serve.2
Approach
We strive to sustain a work environment that prioritizes equal treatment and opportunities for all3 – in which our voices 
and perspectives are diverse, our behaviors and actions are inclusive and our people feel a strong sense of 
belonging. We support an inclusive workforce, where all individuals are valued and respected. We invest in the 
development of our people, and foster a positive environment where our people have the opportunity to thrive and 
succeed throughout their career. This strengthens our ability to serve our customers, enhances our business resilience, 
and drives superior performance. 
Actions
We maintain a distinct culture where people feel they belong. Our cultural differentiator, as measured in the ZES 
2025, is our people’s strong sense of belonging to our diverse, tolerant and inclusive company. Employees’ sense of 
belonging is also the number one global driver of engagement. The vast majority of our employees believe that their 
teams have a climate where diverse perspectives are valued4 and they can be their authentic selves at work.5 In 2025, 
we improved rank and achieved third place among insurance companies in the Forbes World’s Best Employers 
award,6 we received Great Place to Work’s Best Workplaces in Asia7 and FT’s Europe Diversity Leaders’ awards,8 and 
several of our countries continue to receive Top Employer, local Great Place to Work, EDGE or other certifications and 
awards, validating employees’ perception.
We embrace individual perspectives, experiences, insights and ideas. We fully benefit from the broad range of skills 
and abilities of all of our people and consider diversity of perspectives in our recruiting efforts. We encourage exchange, 
raise awareness, strengthen respect and inclusion by supporting our employee resource groups (ERGs)9 across the 
organization. Our ERGs address locally relevant topics, provide thought-provoking and developmental programs 
throughout the year from which everyone can benefit. We encourage engagement in these groups in order to 
strengthen our sense of community. In the UK, for instance, nearly one third of employees are member of an ERG or other 
communities like Mental Health First Aiders. 
We maintain visibility on representation of genders across the organization. At the end of 2025, 33.3 percent of our 
Board of Directors (compared with 41.7 percent in 2024), 50 percent of our Executive Committee (the same as in 2024) 
and 51 percent of our employee population were female (compared with 50.9 percent in 2024). In addition, we monitor 
gender representation across multiple dimensions, including career levels and age groups. Our initiatives have helped 
drive improvements in gender representation since 2017, particularly in senior management. At the end of 2025, female 
employees represented 33.9 percent of senior management (compared with 32.1 percent in 2024), mainly due to 
increased external hiring of women in senior management. In 2025, the share of females in senior management was 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
196
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1The Governance, Nominations and Sustainability Committee assists the Board in setting an appropriate tone at the top to promote key values and behaviors, and to ensure a sound 
and open culture.
2 2See more on www.zurich.com/about-us/our-people/zurich-at-work.
3 3For further details on how we assessed materiality and what is relevant to us, please refer to section 1.1.2 Assessing materiality on pages 132 to 133.
4 4ZES 2025 “My team has a climate in which diverse perspectives are valued.”: 3 percentage points better than those in high performing companies and 6 percentage points better 
than other global finance and insurance peers with the same provider.
5 5ZES 2025 “I can be my authentic self at work.”: 2 percentage points better than those in high performing companies and 4 percentage points better than other global finance and 
insurance peers with the same provider.
6 6See more on www.forbes.com/lists/worlds-best-employers/.
7 7See more on www.greatplacetowork.com/best-workplaces-international/best-workplaces-in-asia/2025.
8 8See more on www.ft.com/content/76207eca-eb9c-4f28-8416-0e7d60af7e7b.
9 9Our Group-wide ERGs are: WIN (Women’s Innovation Network), ZurichNEXT (promoting intergenerational dialogue), Pride@Zurich (alliance of LGBTQ+ employee networks) and 
YouMatter (supporting employee wellbeing). Countries have, in addition, several other local ERGs.

[page 73]
38.1 percent at external hiring, 36.7 percent at internal hiring (including promotions 40 percent), and 39 percent among 
voluntary leavers).1
In addition, 44.2 percent of our people managers2 (compared with 43.3 percent in 2024) and 54.2 percent of our 
individual contributors were female (compared with 54.1 percent in 2024). We also have initiatives in place to develop 
women’s science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) careers. At the end of 2025, 29.6 percent of our 
employees working in IT or engineering roles were female (compared with 30.2 percent in 2024).
Figure 23
Gender representation highlights
We continue to support the development of female talents in progressing towards leadership positions, 
strengthening qualified, high performing women’s access to leadership opportunities. Most of our countries engage in 
programs and initiatives such as the Ellevate program of Switzerland (launched in 2024, providing visibility, networking, 
and career development opportunities for women in the organization, with a second cohort in 2025),3 or the Female 
Sponsorship Program of Australia and New Zealand (a flagship initiative launched in 2021 designed to strengthen the 
country’s commitment to support the next generation of female leaders).
We support the employability of individuals of all age groups and at all stages of their careers, providing flexibility for 
smooth transitions to new opportunities. Our early-in-career programs (e.g., Digital or Underwriting factory in Italy; 12-
months Next-Gen talent acceleration program in Brazil) are successful in recognizing internal talent and developing 
employees’ skills for future needs of our organization via workshops, coaching sessions and experience-based project 
work. These prepare participants for leadership opportunities. For team members at later career stages, several of our 
countries are offering phased retirement and knowledge transfer programs. For example, the U.S. offers flexible options 
to transition into retirement in a modified capacity for up to 24 months. 
Additionally we stand for other aspects of diversity too, creating opportunities for all. Related to LGBTQ+4 for instance, we 
have an active global ERG and we have been recognized as a Top Global Employer for the LGBTQ+ community by 
Stonewall since 2018, receiving the Silver award again in 2025.
Case study
Supporting social mobility through inclusive leadership 
In the UK, we are leading the insurance sector in social mobility, becoming the first UK insurer to publish its 
socioeconomic pay gap. Analysis shows that employees from lower socioeconomic backgrounds earn 4.2 percent 
more at the mid-point than peers from professional backgrounds. However, they earn 10.5 percent less on average 
due to underrepresentation in higher-paid roles. Currently, one in five senior leaders at Zurich UK come from lower 
socioeconomic backgrounds.1
To help address this, we partner with Circl to pair leaders with young people from lower-income backgrounds for 
mutual coaching and skills development. All our leaders on the Leader as Coach program reported becoming more 
inclusive, while 92 percent of future leaders felt more career ready.
1 For more information, see www.zurich.co.uk/media-centre/zurich-uk-shares-its-socioeconomic-pay-gap#.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
197
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1In 2024, the share of females in senior management was at hiring 28.2 percent, internal hiring 44.7 percent (including promotions 45.2 percent), and among voluntary leavers 34.7 
percent.
2 2People managerial and STEM classification data excludes information from Zurich Kotak and BOXX Insurance.
3 3In 2025, Ellevate’s NPS is 85.5. In addition, 40 percent of participants have made career moves since the program start in 2024.
4 4LGBTQ+ refers to a diverse community of people whose sexual orientations, gender identities, or gender expressions differ from conventional norms. It includes lesbian, gay, bisexual , 
transgender, queer/questioning individuals and many others, such as intersex, asexual, non-binary, and pansexual people.
People 
managers
A 2025 Women 44.2%
B 2024 Women 43.3%
C 2025 Men 55.5%
D 2024 Men 56.5%
People 
in senior 
management
A 2025 Women 33.9%
B 2024 Women 32.1%
C 2025 Men 65.3%
D 2024 Men 67.1%
People in 
IT/STEM 
roles
A 2025 Women 29.6%
B 2024 Women 30.2%
C 2025 Men 70%
D 2024 Men 69.5%
AB
C D
AB
C D
A
B
C D

[page 74]
We advocate for pay equity, fairness and pay transparency, and actively promote it in countries where we operate. 
We regularly monitor our processes to achieve a future with no pay gap. We already pay our workforce at or above 
minimum wage, in line with local regulations, applicable insurance labor law or insurance collective agreements. As part 
of the annual remuneration cycle, the majority of our countries with 100 or more employees1 perform a pay equity 
analysis to measure any potential gender pay gap, and to maintain a continued focus on pay equity. This process has 
successfully generated engaged conversations across our organization, and our leaders are fully dedicated to 
promoting equal pay for equal work across genders or any other demographic (which may apply locally). In 2025, we 
further analyzed in depth the equal pay results and recommended that our countries set themselves a pay equity 
target of ±5 percent, unless differently required by local legislation.
We adopt a proactive stance on pay equity and pay transparency, striving to adapt to evolving legislation while 
also monitoring emerging trends.2 We report on the above metrics or other related requirements in countries where we 
are legally required to do so, in accordance with local laws, regulations, related methodology and communication 
requirements. In 2025, we concluded the global rollout of our new tool PayAnalytics that enables us to monitor and 
measure pay equity based on a consistent methodology resulting in more insights. 
5.1.3 Wellbeing
We empower employees to be their best selves by supporting their health, sense of purpose and personal growth. 
Through guidance, resources, and tailored solutions, we cultivate a physically and psychologically safe and supportive 
work environment with fit-for-purpose working conditions3 that enable our people to thrive and perform sustainably. In 
the ZES 2025, our colleagues consistently tell us they feel Zurich cares about their health and wellbeing,4 and that they 
are able to balance work and personal lives.5
Approach
Our approach combines proactive prevention with responsive support. We build the resilience of our people 
through targeted initiatives, resources, and training, while ensuring help is available whenever it is needed. 
Preventive measures6 focus on healthy ways of working for individuals and teams, empowering employees to make 
conscious wellbeing choices and perform at their best. Support resources7 are available to guide and assist employees 
through challenges and help them reintegrate after extended leave. By monitoring key people resilience drivers and 
relevant metrics, we respond to employee needs with focused actions. Some of the metrics that we are monitoring are 
voluntary attrition, absence metrics such as short- and long-term illness days, Employee Assistance Program (EAP) 
utilization and resilience metrics from ZES, our annual employee experience survey.
Actions
In 2025, we launched the People Resilience Hub for Corporate Center employees, as a one-stop shop for information 
on how to strengthen, sustain or support the wellbeing and resilience of our people. Similar localized solutions exist 
across Zurich, which promote targeted initiatives such as resources, training, communication campaigns, and events. 
We are committed to working together in smart, intentional ways to unlock our teams’ full potential. This means 
driving an effective meeting culture, fostering an inclusive work environment and collaborating with empathy,8 as well as 
giving feedback for development and recognition. Through our FlexWork@Zurich principles, which are adopted in 
accordance with local needs and applicable laws and regulations, we empower employees to work in a way that 
achieves optimal results and fosters innovation and collaboration in response to changing customer needs, while 
maintaining a healthy work-life balance. These principles include flexible hours, hybrid working, purchase options for 
additional paid time off, unpaid leave (two weeks up to six months), try out part-time on a ‘pilot’ basis (for one to three 
months) or switching to part-time, or job sharing roles. We continuously evolve our policies to better reconcile work and 
family life, for instance, by supporting greater flexibility in childcare and eldercare.
We empower employees to build personal resilience for sustained high performance. 
– We support physical resilience by promoting healthy lifestyles, providing access to sports clubs, health centers, 
nutritious food offerings, and ergonomic solutions – some of our buildings hold the WELL certificate.9
– Financial resilience is fostered through our global Total Rewards Framework, which aligns all plans and programs to 
the Zurich Remuneration Rules while allowing flexibility for adaptation to local market practices.10 We offer financial 
education (e.g., budgeting, financial literacy),11 retirement planning, discount schemes, income protection solutions 
and, in some markets, financial advisory services.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
198
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
  
1 1Excluding businesses that are in the process of being integrated.
2 2To find out more about our Equal Pay for Equivalent Work analysis, see www.zurich.com/about-us/our-people/zurich-at-work.
3 3For further details on how we assessed materiality and what is relevant to us, please refer to section 1.1.2 Assessing materiality on pages 132 to 133.
4 4ZES 2025 “Zurich cares about my health and wellbeing.”: 3 percentage points better than those in high performing companies and 5 percentage points better than other global 
finance and insurance peers with the same provider.
5 5ZES 2025 “I am able to balance my work and personal life.”: on par with high performing companies and 3 percentage points better than other global finance and insurance peers with 
the same provider.
6 6For example: local workshops, training and support material (e.g. via local Employee Assistance Program (EAP)).
7 7For example: Mental Health First Aiders as well as training, support material and psychological counseling via local EAP.
8 8For more information on our customer empathy program, see section 4.3.1 Fair and transparent communication on page 185, and our Addressing the empathy gap report (2025) online 
on: https://edge.sitecorecloud.io/zurichinsur6934-zwpcorp-prod-ae5e/media/project/zurich/dotcom/empathy-report/empathy-report-2025.pdf.
9 9WELL focuses on the physical and social environments to benefit the health, wellbeing and performance of the people who use the building. It assesses ten core areas: mind, 
community, movement, water, air, light, thermal comfort, nourishment, sound, materials. For more information, see: www.zurich.com/media/magazine/2025/brick-by-brick-how-zurich-
is-reducing-carbon-emissions-in-real-estate.
10 1 0For more information on our global Total Rewards Framework, see our remuneration report on pages 91 to 99.
11 1 1For more information on our financial education offering, see: www.zurich.com/money-mindset.


[page 75]
– Social and emotional resilience is reinforced by a culture of connection, inclusion, and open dialogue – supported by 
various events (e.g., parents at work lunches), employee resource groups, and regular listening to employees through 
tools like the annual ZES. Across our countries, we offer local programs, such as cultural celebrations, team-building 
activities, and lunch & learn sessions on inclusive language and leadership. We support employees through different 
stages of life. For example, we provide dependent care solutions including on-site childcare, financial support, 
emergency care, and special leave options (e.g. parental leave beyond legal requirements, purchase option for 
additional paid time off, and elderly care leave), tailored to local value propositions and legal requirements.
– We prioritize mental resilience through a combination of preventive and supportive measures. Prevention includes 
identifying risk factors (e.g., bi-annual psychosocial risk assessment survey in Portugal), raising awareness and 
targeted activities, such as stress management courses and adjustments to ways of working.
– We believe that wellbeing is closely connected to purpose and personal growth. Therefore we encourage employees 
to use our development offerings (e.g., MyJourney, My70percent, Coaching@Zurich, MyDevelopment)1 to 
continuously evolve their skills and grow with purpose. In addition, we encourage volunteering2 through the MyImpact 
platform, with many countries offering paid volunteering leave. 
Support is always available to our people, whether for personal or work-related challenges. Employees can access 
Mental Health First Aiders, confidential help through the EAP, and dedicated office facilities such as first aid rooms, 
breastfeeding rooms, and prayer and silent spaces. We support reintegration after illness or accident in many countries.3
5.2 Prevention of bribery & corruption
5.2.1 Group Policy Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption
In line with our Code of Conduct, which defines our corporate culture of integrity and aims to maintain the trust and 
confidence of our customers and other stakeholders, we are committed to applying high standards of anti-bribery and 
anti-corruption (ABC) compliance across our operations globally. We prohibit all forms of bribery and corruption, and any 
business conduct that could create the appearance of improper influence, and expect the same from all third parties 
conducting business with us or on our behalf. As part of this commitment, we maintain a global ABC Framework. 
We are committed to fully complying with local and international anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and to maintaining 
strong and effective compliance controls. The Group Policy Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption (Group Policy ABC) is 
designed to help us, and our employees, adhere to these laws – some with extraterritorial reach including the United 
States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the United Kingdom’s Bribery Act. We adhere to a risk-based approach for the 
development and implementation of our global ABC Framework which is designed, in particular, to prevent and detect 
acts of bribery and corruption.
The Group Policy ABC4 sets out the minimum requirements and obligations, with which our subsidiaries worldwide, 
including their board members5 and employees, need to comply. It also provides related guidance regarding anti-bribery 
and anti-corruption compliance that our countries should adopt.
The Group Policy ABC sets out minimum requirements in relation to the following topics, among others:
– Associated persons’ due diligence.
– Third-party payment due diligence.
– Gifts, entertainment and other advantages.
In 2025, both the Group Policy ABC and the global ABC Framework have been updated based on the review 
conducted in 2024.
We perform due diligence in accordance with our Group Policy ABC before selecting a party to be an associated 
person.6 The due diligence must be appropriate to the anti-bribery and anti-corruption risk the relationship with the 
associated person may present. Higher risk associated persons receive periodically recurring due diligence. 
On third-party payments, our Group Policy ABC requires the establishment of documentation which provides, among 
other things, a business rationale for the relationship. It also requires our employees to be alert to potential anti-bribery 
and anti-corruption red flags7 that may be associated with improper third-party payments. Such red flags are to be 
addressed through a third-party payment due diligence process.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
199
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
1 1For more information on learning and development, see www.zurich.com/about-us/our-people/skills, as well as section 5.1.1 Careers and work on page191.
2 2For more information, see section 5.6 Community investment on page 204.
3 3At the end of 2025, the number of recordable work-related injuries were 133 (compared with 153 in 2024). This, combined with 123,110,414 annual working hours (124,719,810 
hours in 2024) gives us a rate of recordable injuries per 200k hours worked of 0.22 (compared with 0.25 in 2024). The decrease in annual working hours is due to excluding Cover-
More Group in 2025, Additionally, BOXX Insurance, Orion and getolo are out of scope of this metric.
4 4The Group Policy ABC requires the appointment of an anti-bribery and corruption officer (ABCO) for each country. The ABCO’s duty is to monitor compliance with the Group Policy 
ABC and the applicable local anti-bribery and anti-corruption framework. The ABCO also supports business management in maintaining the local anti-bribery and anti-corruption 
framework and reviewing it regularly to ensure that it appropriately addresses bribery and corruption risks in the country.
5 5Subject to Group and local governance requirements.
6 6Associated persons are individuals or entities who perform services for, to, or on behalf of, Zurich and may include: brokers, insurance agents and intermediaries, distributors, 
subcontractors, employees of outsourcing partners, our employees, Group entities or subsidiaries, independent non-executive directors, joint venture partners, outsourcers, including  
external asset managers, other consortia members, other (non-insurance) agents in the process of conducting business, suppliers and service providers (e.g., property management 
companies).
7 7Anti-bribery and anti-corruption red flags include, but are not limited to, the following: The recipient of the payment is a public official or a close relative of a public official, the payment 
is being made to a country that is different to the country in which the recipient is located or the services are/were rendered, there are multiple recipients of payments under a single 
contract etc.


[page 76]
Compliance is mandated to provide assurance to internal stakeholders (business management, board and audit 
committees) that compliance-related risks are managed effectively, and that controls are designed adequately and 
operating effectively. In addition, compliance supports countries to manage compliance-related risks appropriately and 
remediate gaps in operative compliance controls. It is important to note that anti-bribery and anti-corruption is part of 
the compliance risk universe1 and subject to independent assurance, advice and enablement by Compliance in 
accordance with the Zurich Compliance Charter and Zurich Compliance Program. 
Assurance activities conducted by compliance and audit in 2025 confirmed the overall assessment that our controls 
around anti-bribery and anti-corruption are well designed and working effectively.
5.2.2 Training and awareness
Fostering a culture of compliance among all our employees is important.2 To achieve this, it is critical to encourage 
general awareness and understanding of potential areas of bribery and corruption risk, applicable laws, and our policies.
We educate our employees and Board members annually on topics related to compliance and ethics, including anti-
bribery and anti-corruption, antitrust and fair competition, and other topics. This begins with mandatory Code of 
Conduct training.3 This annual training raises awareness of what it means to do the right thing. It helps employees and 
managers feel more confident in making ethical decisions in their day-to-day work. It also helps employees to spot and 
report possible bribery and corruption incidents. In 2025, almost all our employees4 completed the training, resulting in a 
global completion rate of 99.96 percent (compared with 99.99 in 2024). The completion rate was above 99.8 percent in 
all regions (99.96 in 2024).5 In addition, all 12 members of our Group Board completed the training. Employees whose 
roles expose them to potentially greater bribery and corruption-related risks are also required to undergo enhanced 
training on how to identify and respond to potential bribery and corruption risks. Our Code of Conduct is reviewed annually 
and approved by the Group Board. The Group Policy ABC is reviewed annually and approved by the Group CEO.
Compliance develops the training in line with the Group Policy ABC and in consideration of local risks, regulations and 
requirements for each jurisdiction. The training is reviewed on an annual basis to incorporate new developments and 
requirements. This keeps our employees and management at the forefront of the prevention of bribery and corruption 
and helps us fulfil our ambition of being a responsible and ethical business.
5.2.3 Protected advice 
Anti-bribery and anti-corruption is a risk which affects all business lines. Comprehensive regulatory requirements as well 
as a high level of regulatory scrutiny and extensive criminal enforcement with large penalties, fines or settlements drive 
up the inherent anti-bribery and anti-corruption risk for our company.
As outlined above, all our employees are subject to our Group Policy ABC6 and our Code of Conduct,7 and we provide 
them with training and other resources which aim to prevent and detect potential misconduct. If employees suspect 
misconduct, we want them to feel comfortable reporting their concerns and feel supported by the organization when 
doing so.
There are multiple channels for our employees to report suspected or actual illegal, fraudulent, improper or unethical 
conduct (‘integrity concerns’), including to people managers, Compliance, HR or Legal. Employees and other stakeholders 
can also use the Zurich Ethics Line (ZEL) to report integrity concerns anonymously, either via telephone or online via a web 
form. We are committed to the protection of whistleblowers8 against retaliation and do not tolerate retaliation against any 
employee or other person reporting an integrity concern in good faith. The ZEL is available globally and offers support in 
more than 20 languages. In line with our global framework for handling reports of misconduct, all integrity concerns are 
reviewed by a triage committee comprising representatives of Compliance, HR and Legal.
5.3 Human rights 
We respect the protection of international human rights within our sphere of influence and work hard to avoid being 
complicit in human rights abuses.
Approach 
When interacting with employees, customers, investees, shareholders, suppliers, partners, distributors, the public at 
large or any other stakeholder, we aim to promote the following best-practice standards to manage potential adverse 
human rights impacts:
– United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights: Implementing the United Nations Protect, 
Respect and Remedy Framework.
– OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises.
– United Nations Global Compact.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
200
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
1 1The compliance risk universe captures common global compliance risk themes.
2 2For further details on how we assessed materiality and what is relevant to us, please refer to section 1.1.2 Assessing materiality on pages 132 to 133.
3 3The code of conduct training includes the topic of anti-bribery and anti-corruption.
4 4The code of conduct training is also shared with various business partners depending on country requirements.
5 5Excludes employees on a long-term leave during the training window, new joiners who joined after the cut-off date for the annual training assignment, and employees who left the 
company before the assignment due date.
6 6www.zurich.com/en/about-us/corporate-governance/code-of-conduct/we-care-about-business-integrity
7 7www.zurich.com/about-us/corporate-governance/code-of-conduct
8 8For further details on how we assessed materiality and what is relevant to us, please refer to section 1.1.2 Assessing materiality on pages 132 to 133.


[page 77]
These principles are embodied in our Code of Conduct, which applies to our employees and Board members.1 We 
endeavor to work with third parties such as consultants, advisers, suppliers and agents who share our values, and we 
expect our business partners to adhere to the spirit of our code and embrace high standards of business conduct. 
We assess possible adverse human rights impacts within our sphere of activity, which includes our role as an employer, 
as an insurer, and as an investor as well as our own operations and supply chain, and our position within society.
Actions
Our responsibility as an employer
We do not tolerate harassment, discrimination or bullying in the workplace, whether based on personal identity or 
expression, origin, beliefs and opinions, life circumstances, health or physical characteristics, or any other relevant 
characteristics protected under applicable law.2 This applies regardless of an individual’s duties or positions within the 
organization. 
We offer multiple channels for employees and others to speak up and raise concerns, including to managers, 
Compliance, HR and Legal, as well as the Zurich Ethics Line.3
We strive to build an inclusive workplace that empowers everyone to achieve their full potential. We are firmly committed 
to living up to and evolving our policies, practices and way of working to support these efforts. We recognize the right of 
employees to freedom of association and collective bargaining and to freely form and join groups for the promotion and 
protection of employment interests.4
Our employees generally work in low-risk environments and are not exposed to significant health and safety hazards. 
Nevertheless, we adopt a systems-based approach to managing health and safety risks in a structured and consistent 
way across all our operations, and have a global program in place to ensure we continually improve our health and safety 
performance.5
Our responsibility as an insurer
Our approach to managing sustainability risks in business transactions has a particular focus on transactions where the 
insured customer may have an established track record of human rights violations, or is implementing projects that are 
particularly prone to potential human rights and environmental issues, such as mining or oil and gas projects.6
Human rights issues that are considered under our policy are:
– Child labor.
– Forced labor and compulsory labor.
– Involuntary relocation of local communities, inappropriate use of force or adverse impacts on vulnerable indigenous 
people. Evidence of such violations can include, but is not limited to, the absence of right of free, prior and informed 
consent for Indigenous Peoples (FPIC).
– Poor health and safety conditions.
– Instances of bribery and corruption.
Through our underwriting guidelines and checklists, we apply a clear guidance on underwriting decisions including clear 
referral processes.
Our responsibility as an investor
We consider principal adverse impacts of prospective and active investments. We have a framework in place to identify 
and assess those impacts.7 Examples of principle adverse impacts that can also represent material sustainability risks 
include, but are not limited to:
– Climate change risks (transition risks, physical risks and litigation risks).
– Activities negatively affecting biodiversity or increasing water stress.
– Deforestation, land degradation, and depletion of natural resources.
– Raw material sourcing.
– Environmental and health impacts of hazardous chemicals, waste and pollution. 
– Exposure to banned cluster munitions and anti-personnel land mines. 
– Human rights including labor rights in the supply chain.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
201
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
1 1More information in section 5.2.2 Training and awareness on page 200.
2 2Under personal identity or expression we understand, for example, race, ethnicity, color, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation. Origin refers to, for example, 
national or social origin. Beliefs and opinions refer to, for example, religion or religious beliefs, political opinion. Life circumstances refer to, for example, age, disability, pregnancy, 
caregiving responsibility, veteran status. Health or physical characteristics refer to, for example, past or current health conditions, physical or genetic characteristics.
3 3More information in section 5.2.3 Protected advice on page 200.
4 4An illustrative example is the Zurich European Forum (ZEF). It was established in 1996 with the aim to open an honest and transparent dialogue and consultation with our European 
employee representatives on transnational topics of interest. Today, ZEF is composed of 29 delegates from 13 countries. In addition to its quarterly Steering Committee meetings, 
ZEF also meets in plenary session once a year in Zürich with the participation of the Group CEO, EMEA CEO, Group Chief People Officer, and a group of corporate and European 
leaders depending on the topics to discuss. Over the course of this year, this employee representative body has covered a wide range of topics from workload and sustainability to 
digitalization and artificial intelligence. It has played an important role in the region for almost 30 years, continuously engaging in a dialogue on social, strategic and financial topics 
that are of relevance for us where the employee representatives voice their opinions and concerns, which also fosters and deepens trust levels throughout the workplace.
5 5For further information, see section 5.1.3 Wellbeing on pages 198 to 199.
6 6For further information, see: www.zurich.com/sustainability/governance-and-positions/our-positions. 
7 7For further information on our approach relating to responsible investment, see: www.zurich.com/-/media/project/zurich/dotcom/sustainability/docs/responsible-investment-at-
zurich.pdf.

[page 78]
– Community impact. 
– Human capital: health and safety and labor management. 
– Product safety.
– Corruption and bribery matters.
– Breaches of regulation, international norms and conventions.
We are a signatory of the United Nations Global Compact, the UNEP FI Principles for Sustainable Insurance and the 
Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI). This approach is adapted to each asset class and is applicable to assets 
managed by us, as well as our own assets managed by external asset managers.1
Working with suppliers
When working with suppliers,2 we apply our Supplier Code of Conduct which sets a clear expectation that our suppliers 
respect human rights. Each year, we conduct an annual human rights risk assessment to identify potential adverse 
impacts on human rights within our supply chain. The labor standards and workplace practices operated by our 
suppliers are a critical factor in the likelihood of adverse human rights impacts occurring. In 2025, as in prior years, our 
findings indicate that our supply chain has a low-risk exposure to such issues. We also carried out an additional 
assessment concerning child labor, following the same approach adopted in previous years.3 The assessment 
confirmed that there remains no reasonable suspicion of child labor within our supply chain.
The first step in our human rights risk assessment is to analyze the human rights set out in the United Nations 
Declaration of Human Rights, and seek to identify which, if any, of these fundamental human rights could be adversely 
impacted by suppliers with a direct buying contract. 
We then seek to identify the goods and services categories and countries where the potential risk of adverse impacts to 
human rights issues is highest. To identify high-risk goods and services categories, we consider data and reports from 
reputable NGOs and our own internal expert judgment. Our assessment is based upon the prevalence of human rights 
issues reported and an assessment of working practices at industry or sector level. Our assessment of high-risk 
countries is based on: 
– The reported prevalence of human rights issues.
– The degree of respect for worker rights, based upon local laws and actual practices.
– The extent of political freedom and civil liberties.
– The extent of corruption.
We share the findings of this assessment internally with relevant colleagues interacting with suppliers, provide specific 
training, and carry out risk-based due diligence on suppliers.4
5.4 Sustainable sourcing 
Approach
Due to the nature of our business, we are predominantly a consumer of services. Compared to other industry sectors 
such as manufacturing, the risks associated with the environmental, social, human rights,5 and governance impacts of 
our supply chain are low. Nonetheless, we are striving to effectively manage such issues. As part of this, we have 
established a sustainable sourcing program,6 which aims to enhance the resilience of our supply chain, support our 
commitment to net-zero and create a positive social impact. 
It comprises three pillars, which address environmental, social and ethical factors. Its objective is to embed these factors 
throughout the sourcing cycle, align suppliers with our values and be transparent about our expectations. We have 
developed a supplier code of conduct (SCOC)7 to lay a clear foundation for systematically integrating responsible 
business conduct in our supply chain and provide online training videos for suppliers to familiarize themselves with our 
expectations. 
We have established a framework of minimum standards to be applied to the onboarding and management of third 
parties with which we work, including suppliers. The framework adopts a risk-based approach to establish onboarding 
and management measures, such as third-party due diligence processes, that are relevant and proportionate to the 
nature and risk of any particular transaction. We consider supplier alignment with our SCOC as part of our due diligence 
processes and request selected suppliers to complete a self-assessment. We have a referral process in place to 
investigate or resolve, as appropriate, any red flags identified during the due diligence process. We also use a software 
tool that uses artificial intelligence to screen news reports, social media posts and NGO reports to monitor potential 
sustainability-related (including human rights) supply chain issues. We additionally seek to include specific provisions 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
202
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
1 1For further information on our Responsible Investment white paper: What we want to achieve, and how we do it, see: https://edge.sitecorecloud.io/zurichinsur6934-zwpcorp-prod-
ae5e/media/project/zurich/dotcom/sustainability/docs/responsible-investment-at-zurich.pdf.
2 2For further information, see 5.4 Sustainable sourcing on page 202.
3 3Pursuant to the Swiss Ordinance on Due Diligence and Transparency in relation to Minerals and Metals from Conflict-Affected Areas and Child Labor.
4 4For more information on risk-based due diligence processes on suppliers, see section 5.4 Sustainable sourcing on page 202.
5 5For more information on our positions on human rights, including human rights due diligence and human rights risk assessment, see section 5.3 Human rights on pages 200 to 202.
6 6For more information, please see www.zurich.com/sustainability/planet/sustainable-sourcing.
7 7For more information, please see www.zurich.com/en/sustainability/governance-and-policies/-/media/project/zurich/dotcom/sustainability/docs/sustainable-sourcing-supplier-code-
of-conduct-2021.pdf?v=4.


[page 79]
within our supplier contracts requiring alignment with our SCOC. From time to time, we may conduct audits or follow-up 
reviews on these topics with our suppliers.
Actions
Throughout 2025, we have continued to engage and support our suppliers to improve their sustainability performance. 
In particular, we have held further online and in-person events with our suppliers to educate them on our sustainability 
ambitions and promote a new collaboration with the SME Climate Hub,1 an initiative of the We Mean Business Coalition, 
the global nonprofit catalyzing business and policy action to halve global emissions by 2030. Through this collaboration, 
we provide free access to tools and resources that small and medium-sized suppliers can use within their own 
businesses and can track engagement. The tools and resources include carbon emissions calculators, training videos 
and guidance documents which are collectively designed to support small and medium-sized companies to take 
climate action and support us to work towards our supplier engagement goals. We are proud that additional suppliers 
have started their own climate action in 2025 using our free tools as a result of the engagement activities carried out by 
our team in collaboration with the SME Climate Hub. 
To ensure our colleagues are equipped with the necessary knowledge and skills to successfully engage suppliers on 
sustainability topics we provide access to a learning academy. The content includes internally produced online courses 
covering climate change, human rights, social procurement and supplier due diligence processes. The completion rate 
of the supplier due diligence training for employees working within the Procurement & Supply Chain Management 
function for 2025 is 100 percent (compared with 99.4 percent in 2024).
5.5 Responsible tax
We recognize that being a responsible taxpayer is integral to our wider economic and social impact and plays a key role 
in the development of the communities where we operate.
We pay taxes in the countries where we operate, reflecting the economic substance of our activities and adhering to 
local laws and regulations. Our tax strategy2 is aligned with our Code of Conduct3 and is approved by our Group Audit 
Committee. We do not engage in aggressive tax planning or use artificial structures that lack business purpose or 
economic substance. The presence of our subsidiaries and branches is driven by genuine business needs.
We maintain a robust governance framework and consider effective and efficient tax compliance a key objective, 
allocating significant resources to ensure our tax affairs are sustainable, well-governed, and transparent. Our tax function 
is embedded within our finance organization and subject to internal controls and regular reviews. 
We publish detailed information on our tax contributions4 and engage constructively with tax authorities. Our approach 
to tax is part of our sustainable value creation for all stakeholders.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
203
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
1 1For more information, see www.zurich.com/sustainability/planet/sustainable-sourcing#helping-suppliers-reach-net-zero. 
2 2To find out more about our tax strategy, please visit: www.zurich.com/sustainability/governance-and-positions/being-a-responsible-taxpayer.
3 3For more information, see www.zurich.com/about-us/corporate-governance/code-of-conduct.
4 4For detailed information on our tax contributions, please visit: www.zurich.com/sustainability/governance-and-positions/being-a-responsible-taxpayer.


[page 80]
 
5.6 Community investment
Our community investment activities1 are mainly delivered by the Z Zurich Foundation (the Foundation), a charitable 
organization funded by various members of the Group. In these turbulent times for the humanitarian and 
development aid sector overall, the Foundation is well positioned to continue to provide a meaningful response to 
the societal needs it focuses on. From the beginning of 2024 to the end of 2026, the Foundation aims to impact 
more than 25 million lives in total.
The Foundation’s highlights for 2025 include: 
– Significant developments in all four focus areas: adapting to climate change, enabling social equity, improving 
mental wellbeing, and responding to crisis. The Foundation launched new multi-year programs to assist 
communities across the globe alongside like-minded organizations. For example, the Foundation approved a 
grant to expand Instituto Terra’s Núcleo de Estudos em Restauração Ecossistêmica (NERE) program. This 
initiative equips young people – particularly those from vulnerable backgrounds – with the knowledge and 
practical skills needed to pursue meaningful careers in sustainable agriculture. This collaboration is supported by 
our team in Brazil and builds on our collaboration with the Instituto Terra.
– USD 50.2 million2 investment in community programming across the Foundation’s strategic areas of work. In 
addition, the Foundation collaborated closely with our local teams to engage our customers and distributors in 
social impact initiatives.
– In 2025, the Foundation made over 30 donations to disaster relief initiatives across the globe, for example for the 
various significant floods in Brazil throughout the year and, in Australia, during the first semester, as well as for the 
wildfires in California (U.S.) in January and in Argentina. For these disasters, the Foundation collaborated closely 
with our local teams and charitable organizations on the ground to provide comprehensive support to people 
impacted by these catastrophic events. The Foundation has also started a multi-year collaboration with the 
International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) to help mainstream mental health and psychosocial support in 
emergencies.
Table 27
Employee-led fundraising and volunteering1
Fundraising and donations (USD millions)2 3.8 3.8  2.3% 
Total time volunteered by workforce (hours) 239,398 199,469  20% 
Workforce actively volunteering (% of total headcount)  26.5%  24.1%  10% 
2025 2024 Difference
1 Zurich Insurance Group Ltd and its subsidiaries (Zurich). It also includes employees of the Farmers Group Inc. and Zurich Cover-More. Zurich Insurance Group has no 
ownership interest in the Farmers Exchanges. Farmers Group, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Zurich Insurance Group and certain of its subsidiaries provide certain non-
claims services and ancillary services to the Farmers Exchanges as attorney-in-fact and receive fees for its services.
2 Includes employee-led fundraising and donations,, but excludes Z Zurich Foundation matching.
2025 was again a record year for us in terms of employees volunteering. Our employees have recorded close to 240 
thousand hours of volunteering, including volunteering time of our customers and brokers when done together with 
our employees.
While the Foundation is the main vehicle by which we deliver on our global community investment strategy, 
members of the Group also drive community support actions and actively engage with charity organizations to 
address local needs and priorities.
Table 28
Charitable cash contributions
In USD millions
Charitable cash contributions by members of the Group¹ 18.7 18.2  2.9% 
Charitable cash contributions to Z Zurich Foundation² 63.1 54.5  15.6% 
2025 2024 Difference
1 Charitable cash contributions capture contributions from members of the Group to charitable initiatives and organizations, excluding the Foundation. It is at the discretion of 
the individual countries to define what they deem eligible in their respective context. As such there are no limitations or exclusions (e.g., religious or political purposes) as there 
are for contributions executed by the Foundation. 
2 Charitable cash contributions capture our contributions to the Foundation. The donations are made by various members of the Group. 
Charitable contributions by members of the Group to charitable initiatives and organizations in 2025 are in line with 
contributions made in 2024. We have decided to increase our financial support to the Foundation so it can adapt its 
response to those most in need in our societies, as those needs grew significantly across all focus areas in 2025. The 
rise in our contributions is reinforced by foreign exchange rate effects due to the strengthening of the Swiss franc 
against the U.S. dollar in 2025. 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
 204
Introduction  |  Governance  |  Planet  |  Customers  |  People
1 1Our Group and employees contribute through fundraising, volunteering and cash contributions whereas the Foundation carries out community investment activities.
2 2The final and audited 2025 figures will be disclosed in the Foundation’s Impact Report, which will be published in June 2026. To find out more about the Foundation’s work in 2025, 
please refer to the Group overview on pages 34 to 35.


[page 81]
6.1 Our yearly progress on our targets and ambitions
The table below shows our progress over the years compared to our qualitative ambitions and quantitative targets we set to execute our 
Sustainability Framework. Please note that target 2030 is always defined as using year-end 2024 and 2029 values, respectively (e.g., reduction 
of financed emissions). By 2030 target (e.g., for reduction of IAE intensity) is defined as using year-end 2030 value, similarly by 2025 target 
(e.g., for operational carbon emissions) is defined as using year-end 2025 value. Please also note that parentheses around percentages or 
points indicate a reduction.
Table 29
Our yearly progress on our targets and ambitions
Reduction of financed emissions
Reduce emissions intensity of listed 
equity and corporate bond investments 
(metric tons CO2e/USDm invested, compared 
with 2019 baseline)
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
Net-zero 
investment 
portfolio
(6)% (21)% (12)% (43)% (54)% (59)% (55)%
      Target 
achieved
Reduce emissions intensity
of direct real estate investments 
(kg CO2e/m2, compared with 2019 baseline)
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
(6)% (20)% (25)% (30)% (36)% (45)%
      Target 
achieved
Engagement
Engage companies producing 65% of portfolio 
emissions and lacking targets aligned with 
Paris Agreement (PA)
2021 2022 2023 2024
46% 54% 60% 65%
      Target 
achieved
Engagement with high-emitting companies 
which currently do not have credible science-
based targets
2025
4 20
Climate solutions
Allocation to climate solutions investments 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
+9% +11% +17% +25% +41% 
      Target 
achieved
Allocation to climate solutions investments 
(based on % AuM)1 
2025
6.9% 6%
Avoid CO2e emissions through 
climate-related impact investment (ambition 
per year)
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
4.6 million 
metric tons 
CO2e
3.2 million 
metric tons 
CO2e
4.5 million 
metric tons 
CO2e 
3.9 million 
metric tons 
CO2e 
3.4 million 
metric tons 
CO2e
5 million 
metric tons 
CO2e
Impact investment
Share of total invested 
assets in impact investments
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
2.5% 3.3% 3.8% 4.6% 5.3% 6.2%
      Target 
achieved
People to benefit from a positive contribution 
to their lives and livelihood
(ambition per year)
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
3.6 million 
people
4.7 million 
people
4.6 million 
people
5.3 million 
people
5.4 million 
people
5 million 
people
Investments
Our areas of focus Our progress Our targets
2020 to 2025 2030 2050
Targets / 
ambitions 
without 
a deadline
1 Estimated based on AuM 2023, equivalent to approximately USD 10 billion. Any portfolio activity will be subject to market conditions and potential other constraints. 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
205
6. Appendix


[page 82]
Revenues from sustainable solutions 
(in USD million)
20211 20222 2023 2024 2025
Annual increase
 
Target 
achieved
289 801 1,360 1,702 2,116
Engagement with large corporate customers who 
contribute most heavily to our portfolio emissions3 
and where our direct relationship means we have a 
greater degree of interaction 
2024 2025 Sept 24 - Sept 25 
target: 65   74 76 450
Interim 
target achieved
Reduction in IAE intensity in our large corporate 
customer portfolio3
(compared with 2022 baseline)
2023 2024 2025 
(initial 
estimate)5 Net-zero UWR 
portfolio
(13.5)% (14.1)% (10.6)% (20)%
Underwriting
Our areas of focus Our progress Our targets
2021 to 2025 By 2025 By 2030 By 2050
1 2021 amounts were calculated under IFRS 4 ‘Insurance Contracts’ and not remeasured to IFRS 17 ‘Insurance Contracts’.
2 Due to the adoption of IFRS 17 ‘Insurance Contracts’ in 2023, the measurement of revenues from sustainable solutions in our Life business was remeasured and aligned to net flows.
3 Determined by scope 1 and 2 for our customers’ emissions using the PCAF insurance-associated emissions methodology for commercial lines, covering customers with revenues greater than USD 1 billion.
4 Includes five customer engagements conducted as a pilot of our engagement approach in 2024. These are not counted towards the target of engaging with 65 large insurance customers in the first year from 
publication of the climate transition plan (September 2024 to September 2025), as they happened before September 2024. These engagements do however count towards the 450 by 2030 target.
5 2025 data is based on an initial estimation for our 2025 portfolio emissions based on the relevant 2025 in-scope portfolio premium, however relying on previous years’ reported customer emission data. 
Absolute reduction in all operational emissions1
(compared with 2019 baseline) 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
Net-zero 
operational 
emissions
(60)%2 (73)% (70)% (67)% (68.8)% (68.8)% (60)% (70)%
      Target 
achieved
Reduction of scope 1 and 2 emissions1
(compared with 2019 baseline) 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
(41)%2 (56)% (56)% (59)% (62.7)% (67.4)% (62)% (80)%
      Target 
achieved
Reduction of scope 3 emissions1,3
(compared with 2019 baseline)
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
(67)%2 (80)% (74)% (70)% (71.0)% (69.3)% (60)% (67)%
      Target 
achieved
% of MPS4 that is with suppliers having science-
based targets5
2023 2024 2025 75% with 
science-
based 
targets5
52.1% 59.4% 67.7%
% of MPS4 that is with suppliers having 
net-zero targets6 2023 2024 2025 75% with 
net-zero 
targets649.4% 51.9% 62.0%
Own operations and supply chain
Our areas of focus Our progress Our targets
2020 to 2025 By 2025 By 2029 By 2030
1 Zurich Cover-More, Farmers Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, our joint ventures with Banco Sabadell and Banco Santander, smaller businesses like Real Garant and Orion, as well as our acquisition Zurich Kotak are 
excluded since they were not reflected in the CO2e emissions baseline in 2019. 
2 The 2020 numbers were restated as a number of data quality improvement opportunities were revealed during the assurance process. For a detailed overview, see: www.zurich.com/-/media/project/zurich/dotcom/
sustainability/docs/Zurich-environmental-performance-data-2021.xlsx.
3 Resulting from air, rental and rail business travel, employee commuting, strategic data centers, printed paper and waste, as well as indirect energy impact.
4 MPS means the spend of approximately USD 2 billion annually managed centrally by Zurich’s Procurement and Supply Chain Management function on goods and services that are required to enable Zurich to maintain 
and develop its operations. In 2025, we successfully reduced the MPS reporting time lag thanks to a series of technical improvements. As a result, the reported MPS values now reflect the period from October 2024 
through September 2025.
5 We consider a supplier to have science-based targets when their emission reduction targets are approved by a scientifically accredited body or otherwise require a reduction of at least 42 percent in scope 1 and 2 
emissions by 2030.
6 We consider a supplier to have net-zero targets when their net-zero target is approved by a scientifically accredited body or otherwise has a public target to neutralize any residual scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2050.
Internal hires1
2021 2022 2023 2 2024 2025
Annual increase
68% 71.2% 73.4% 72.8% 66.7%
Our people
Our areas of focus Our progress Our targets
2021 to 2025 By 2025
1 Excludes ‘unranked’ employees who are not assigned to any career level (15.3 percent of our workforce). For further detail, see Table 24 Internal hires on page 193.
2 As of 2023, we included Farmers Group, Inc. and Cover-More Group. The internal hiring rate of career level A excludes external hires, as these positions are, by nature, mainly filled by external career starters, meaning the 
internal hiring rate of career level A is always 100 percent. The total percentage for 2024 (independent of career level) is also calculated without taking career level A external hires into account.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
 206


[page 83]
6.2 Material topics and subtopics reference table
Table 30
Material topics and subtopics reference table
Climate change (E1) Climate change mitigation 141 Chapter 3. Our planet
Climate change adaptation 141 Chapter 3. Our planet
Own workforce (S1) Equal treatment and opportunities for all 196 Section 5.1.2 Inclusion and belonging
Working conditions 198 Section 5.1.3 Wellbeing
Training and skills development 191 Section 5.1.1 Careers and work
Consumers and 
end-users (S4) 
Information-related impacts for consumers 
and/or end-users
176
and
185
Sections 4.1 Customer-centric culture, 4.2 Customer-
centric solutions and 4.3 Customer-centric interactions 
Access to (quality) information 185 Section 4.3 Customer-centric interactions
Business conduct (G1) Corporate culture 199 Section 5.2 Prevention of bribery & corruption
Protection of whistleblowers 200 Section 5.2.3 Protected advice 
Topic Subtopic Page Section
6.3 Methodologies
Insurance-Associated Emissions – methodology 
To provide transparency on our commercial insurance portfolio carbon footprint, we are leveraging the accounting method for IAE, published by 
the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) in November 2022 (Part C – Insurance Associated emissions 1st edition (2022)). We 
also report portfolio IAE intensity, which aligns with the Weighted Average Carbon Intensity (WACI) metric proposed by the CRO Forum.
In scope for reporting is our portfolio of large corporate customers, defined as customers with revenues greater than USD 1 billion. Lines of 
Business not covered by the PCAF standard version of November 2022 are excluded from the calculation. Excluded per PCAF attribution factor 
for commercial lines are agricultural government schemes, structured trade credit1, Construction All Risk / Erection All Risk engineering lines, 
surety, and insurance contracts purchased by public entities.
With this reporting scope, we cover our large commercial customers, representing USD 7.4bn of gross written premium and equating
 to 25 
percent of our total commercial insurance gross written premium in the baseline year of 2022. Based on portfolio evolution in 2024, the in-scope 
gross written premium changed to USD 8bn, which represents 27 percent of our total commercial insurance gross written premium. 
To arrive at our target value, we have modeled the expected carbon intensity of our portfolio, taking into account various business growth 
scenarios and existing customer decarbonization targets and, in the absence of explicit targets, the nationally determined emission reduction 
pathways of our customers’ countries of residence, where available. 
To provide a measure for the quality of emission data used for our IAE reporting, we provide a weighted average quality score aligned with PCAF 
methodology. Our score of 2.8 for the 2022 baseline as well as for 2023 and 2.7 for 2024 (1 being best, 5 being worst) is driven on the one hand 
by the inclusion of large non-listed companies in our reporting scope, where the availability of reported emissions is lower and industry emission 
factors have been used (predominantly quality score 4). On the other hand we have not assigned quality score 1 to any of our data, as our 
currently available data sets do not yet include information if customer emissions have gone through external verification as required by PCAF 
for score 1. In practice, many externally reported emission figures will likely have been verified. Capturing this additional data requires further 
analysis and would be included in future updates if appropriate data sets become available.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
207
1 1Given its negligible size, the trade credit portfolio has been excluded.

[page 84]
Figure 24
Insurance-associated emissions methodology
– Insured’s premium: For the purpose of IAE calculation, premium is defined as gross written premium (the total amount to be paid by the 
insured to the re/insurer for the policy written in the period). For multi-year contracts, an annualized premium value is used. Gross premium is 
also used for fronting policies. 
– Insured’s revenue: Total amount of income generated by the insured customer through the sale of goods or services.
– Insured’s emissions: Total scope 1 and 2 emissions1 of the customer either based on company-specific reported emissions or sector-
specific estimations.
– Portfolio premium: Sum of all insurance premiums within the scope of the calculation.
We aim to align the reporting years of premiums with customer emission and revenue data. However, due to a systematic time lag affecting 
both emission and revenue data for some customers, we rely on the most recent available data to calculate the IAE for the full in-scope 
portfolio. As a result, emission and revenue data may not align with the financial reporting period by one or more years. 
1 We do not deem the quality and availability of customer scope 3 emissions to be sufficient to allow for stable reporting and therefore do not include them in our calculation.
We are using S&P Global to source the emission data required. For customers where publicly reported emissions data is not available, estimates 
have been taken based on average industry carbon intensities, also provided by S&P Global, multiplied by the customer’s revenues. Customer 
revenues are also provided by S&P Global and supplemented by internal data where no match with S&P data could be found.
Interpretation of the IAE figures and progress over time needs to be mindful of the limitations in data quality and availability. Company-reported 
emissions are only available for around 56 percent by premium of our in-scope portfolio for 2024, with the remainder relying on emission 
estimates. While we consider average industry intensities scaled by customer revenue a reasonable proxy for customer emissions, over time we 
aim to continually replace estimations with actual emissions as more customers start their own reporting. To continue to improve the share of 
reported emissions in our calculations, we have further developed and strengthened the emission data quality assurance process for customers 
with material contributions to our IAE results. This helps us improve the data we receive from external providers. Despite these efforts, the 
continued reliance on estimated data and the systematic time-lag of reported emission data might however lead to year-over-year volatility in our 
reporting, as actual reported emissions differ from previously applied estimations and might not be aligned to our financial reporting year.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
208


[page 85]
Financed emissions – methodology 
Figure 25
Emission reduction target-setting methodology and scope: Listed equity and corporate bonds
Absolute emissions1 Relative emissions (intensity) Key
I: Current value of investment on issuer i
EV: Enterprise value of issuer i
C: Carbon emissions* of issuer i
* Carbon emissions = scope 1 and scope 2 emissions
Our 2030 interim climate targets cover the following asset classes:
– Listed equity, listed corporate debt and direct real estate.
We chose to calculate corporate-financed emissions and the resulting 
relative emissions intensity using the NZAOA Target setting protocol’s 
preferred approach, which is based on enterprise value, not revenue.
While a revenue-based carbon intensity measure is a good way to 
compare companies based on their size and underlying technology, in 
line with the NZAOA methodology, we believe the enterprise value 
approach is a better way to convert a corporation’s operational 
emissions (scope 1 and 2) into the ‘financed emissions’. This can be 
attributed to a company’s underlying equity and/or debt investors, who 
are ready to take additional responsibility for the emissions. To 
calculate corporate financed emissions, we use the following 
methodology:
– Scope 1 and 2 emissions in line with the GHG protocol, which are 
provided by S&P Trucost.
– Enterprise value is defined as the sum of market capitalization of 
common stock at fiscal year end, the market capitalization of 
preferred equity at fiscal year end, and the book values of debt and 
minorities’ interests minus the cash and cash equivalents held by 
the enterprise. When enterprise value is not available (for example 
for financial companies), it is substituted with market capitalization. 
Enterprise value data is provided by S&P Trucost.
– Market value (current value of investment) is defined as the market 
value of listed equity and listed corporate debt at fiscal year end. 
While all financial data (enterprise value and market value) is 
calculated as of December 31 of the reporting year, we use the 
latest available corporate emission data available as of January 
each year, when portfolio level financed emissions are calculated 
on an annual basis. This means that emissions data is 
systematically lagging. For example, financed emissions for 2025 
will be largely based on full-year 2024 emissions data, as full-year 
2025 emissions data will only be made available by data provider 
late in 2026 or even 2027.
1 In line with PCAF Global GHG Standard, see: carbonaccountingfinancials.com/files/downloads/PCAF-Global-GHG-Standard.pdf.
Figure 26
Emission reduction target-setting methodology and scope: Sovereign bonds
We follow the NZAOA-provided approach to measure the financed emissions of our sovereign bond portfolio: Financed emissions cover 
production (scope 1) emissions (excluding land use, land-use change and forestry (LULUCF)) of sovereign bonds of all maturities issued in 
domestic or foreign currencies. 
Absolute approach:
For production emissions:
Where exposure to sovereign bonds is in nominal value and PPP stands for purchasing power parity.
Relative emissions (intensity)
For production emissions:
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
209


[page 86]
Figure 27
Emission reduction target-setting methodology and scope: Real Estate 
Greenhouse gas emissions are linked to the energy use of each property during the reporting year. To calculate relative GHG emissions, we 
first aggregate the absolute emissions for each asset. Next, we determine the relative emissions by dividing the total emissions by the area 
covered, resulting in emissions per square meter. The equation below illustrates how absolute emissions are aggregated:
Absolute approach:
Where scope 1i represents the scope 1 GHG emissions attributable to property i, and Scope 2i represents the scope 2 GHG emissions 
attributable to property i. 
Intensity approach:
The equation below shows how the relative emissions KPI is calculated:
Where covered gross floor area (m2)i represents the total area of property i that is included in the reporting scope.
Scope 1 emissions are direct GHG emissions from sources owned or controlled by the entity and consumed by the landlord, such as on-site 
fuel combustion.
Scope 2 emissions are indirect GHG emissions from the consumption of purchased electricity, steam, heating, or cooling, consumed by the 
landlord.
For green building certificates, coverage is determined based on the asset value for the reporting year. Asset values are retrieved from our data 
warehouse following year-end consolidation (typically in early February) and used in the calculation. The share is referenced against the total real 
estate exposure, not limited to directly held assets. 
Where certified asset valuei represents the market value of property i, which holds a valid green building certification during the reporting year. 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
210


[page 87]
6.4 Investments – KPI yearly progress 
Table 32
Emissions profile 
Zurich Corporate Portfolio  54.8  46.6  49.6  47.7  63.1  64.3 58.5  (6) %
By investment asset class
Listed equity  9.1  6.9  6.7  6.4  10.5  10.6 10.6  (14) %
Corporate bonds  45.7  39.7  43.0  41.2  52.6  53.8 47.9  (5) %
By region
APAC  5.7  5.5  5.3  5.0  6.0  5.1 4.5  28 %
EMEA  36.3  30.0  32.0  29.5  40.7  42.5 38.2  (5) %
Americas  12.7  11.1  12.4  13.2  16.3  16.7 15.9  (20) %
By sector
Utilities  4.0  3.2  4.0  4.0  4.8  4.7 4.4  (9) %
Government-owned company  1.4  1.5  1.9  1.7  2.2  2.6 2.7  (46) %
Energy  1.7  1.5  1.8  1.9  2.5  2.7 2.1  (23) %
In scope AuM (in USD billions) 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020
2019 
(baseline)
% Difference 
(against 
baseline) for 
2025
Zurich Corporate Portfolio  3.1  2.9  3.8  5.7  6.8  8.3  7.9  (62) %
By investment asset class
Listed equity  0.4  0.4  0.4  0.5  0.7  0.8  1.0  (58) %
Corporate bonds  2.6  2.5  3.4  5.1  6.0  7.5  7.0  (62) %
By region
APAC  0.6  0.7  0.9  1.3  1.8  1.8  1.8  (65) %
EMEA  1.8  1.7  2.2  3.2  3.9  4.8  4.5  (60) %
Americas  0.6  0.6  0.8  1.2  1.1  1.6  1.7  (61) %
By sector
Utilities  1.0  0.9  1.4  2.2  2.9  2.7  2.7  (65) %
Government-owned company  0.2  0.3  0.5  0.9  0.8  1.3  1.4  (85) %
Energy  0.4  0.5  0.5  0.7  0.8  1.0  0.7  (33) %
Absolute financed emissions (million metric tons CO2e)1 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020
2019 
(baseline)
% Reduction 
(against 
baseline) for 
2025
1 Financial emissions cover scope 1 and 2 of underlying companies (listed equity and listed corporate bonds) attributed with enterprise value methodology and matched, based on most recently available emission data.
Zurich Corporate Portfolio 56 62 77 119 108 128 136  (59) %  (55) %
By investment asset class
Listed equity 44 52 57 84 71 74 90  (51) %
Corporate bonds 58 64 80 125 115 139 146  (60) %
By region
APAC 109 120 164 261 292 355 400  (73) %
EMEA 49 56 68 108 95 113 118  (58) %
Americas 51 52 63 89 70 98 105  (52) %
By sector
Utilities 240 288 358 547 600 565 616  (61) %
Government-owned company 143 200 262 518 375 498 529  (73) %
Energy 266 311 290 383 310 384 305  (13) %
Relative emission intensity (metric tons 
CO2e/USD millions market value) 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020
2019 
(baseline)
% Reduction 
(against 
baseline) for 
2025 Target 2030
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
211


[page 88]
Direct real estate portfolio 1 10.2 9.6 10.0 10.3 11.1 12.5 11.7  (13) %
Geographical breakdown
APAC 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 NA NA NA NA
EMEA 8.7 8.2 8.1 8.3 9.4 10.8 10.0  (13%) 
Americas 1.4 1.4 1.8 1.8 1.7 1.7 1.7  (17%) 
In scope AuM (in USD billions) 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020
2019 
(baseline)
% Difference 
(against 
baseline) for 
2025
1 The direct real estate emissions includes investment portfolio buildings only, as own-use buildings are part of our operational emissions target.
 
Direct real estate portfolio 5,7404 27,7434 34,4914 37,1104 39,3624 50,6694 53,1814  (48) %
Geographical breakdown
APAC 517 524 589 555 NA NA NA NA
EMEA 645 21,611 24,761 27,183 27,897 37,244 41,153  (47) %
Americas 4,577 5,608 9,141 9,372 11,465 13,425 12,028  (53) %
Estimation supplement5 26,936 4,992
Total (metered data and estimation 
supplement) 32,675 32,735
Absolute emissions (metric tons CO2e)1,2
2025 
(preliminary)³ 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020
2019 
(baseline)
% Reduction 
(against 
baseline) for 
2024
1 The CO2e emissions are calculated according to the location-based method. For more details, refer to appendix 6.3 Methodologies on pages 207 to 211.
2 The emission factors are retrieved from the Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor (CRREM). 
3 Coverage for metered data for 2025 is preliminary and currently low due to the timing gap in receiving energy invoices across our global portfolio.
4 Figures represent metered data only. 
5 Figures for estimation of missing energy invoices.Direct real estate portfolio 3.03 13.73 15.23 16.23 17.23 20.43 21.63  (36) %  (45) %
Geographical breakdown
APAC 52.2 52.9 59.5 56.0 NA NA NA
EMEA 0.5 15.3 17.1 17.9 18.2 21.3 22.9
Americas 7.8 9.5 11.3 12.4 15.3 18.1 18.0
Total (metered data and estimation 
supplement)4 17.3 16.2
Emission intensity (kg CO2e/sqm)1
2025 
(preliminary)² 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020
2019 
(baseline)
% Reduction 
(against 
baseline) for 
2024 Target 2030
1 The relative emissions intensity is calculated based on gross floor area (GFA) of the buildings. For more details, refer to appendix 6.3 Methodologies pages 207 to 211.
2 Coverage for metered data for 2025 is preliminary due to the timing gap in receiving energy invoices across our global portfolio.
3 Figures represent metered data only. 
4 Figures including estimation for missing energy invoices.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
212


[page 89]
Table 33
Climate solutions 
Climate solutions investments (in USD millions) 7,408 8,054 8,203 8,192 9,272 10,442 12,202
    of which environmental impact investments 3,662 4,424 5,115 4,640 5,792 5,936 7,195
    of which green certified buildings 3,747 3,621 3,088 3,552 3,480 4,506 5,007
impact investments 2.8 2.9 4.6 3.2 4.5 3.9 3.4
2019 
(baseline) 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
Table 34
Percentage of green certified buildings in the total real estate portfolio1
Zurich Global Real Estate Portfolio  25%  22%  19%  22%  23%  35%  36% 
APAC  0%  0%  0%  0%  0%  17%  15% 
EMEA  28%  23%  20%  23%  21%  34%  35% 
Americas  17%  18%  19%  17%  34%  48%  46% 
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
1 Market-value weighted and based on balance sheet investments, including buildings used by Zurich.
Table 35
Investment portfolio managed by responsible investors
Assets managed by responsible investors1  98.2 %  99.6 %  99.6 %  99.6 %  99.8 %  99.8 %  99.8 %
Total amount of impact investments (in USD millions) 4,555 5,770 7,037 6,328 7,882 8,460 10,969
% of Investment portfolio  2.2 %  2.5 %  3.3 %  3.8 %  4.6 %  5.3 %  6.2 %
Investment portfolio (in USD millions)2 204,803 226,389 211,334 168,478 171,200 160,645 177,635
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
1 A United Nations supported PRI signatory or asset manager that fulfills our minimum requirements for ESG int egration. See our Responsible Investment white paper: 
www.zurich.com/-/media/project/zurich/dotcom/sustainability/docs/responsible-investment-at-zurich.pdf.
2 Investment portfolio is calculated on a market basis, and is different from the total Group investments reported in the consolidated financial statements, which is calculated on an accounting basis and does not include 
cash and cash equivalents.
Table 36
Impact investing portfolio
Total amount of impact investments (in USD millions) 4,555 5,770 7,037 6,328 7,882 8,460 10,969
Environmental share  80%  77%  73%  73%  73%  70%  66% 
Social share  20%  23%  27%  27%  27%  30%  34% 
Asset class (in USD millions)
Green, social & sustainability bonds 3,645 4,677 5,846 5,247 6,857 7,502 9,834
Impact private equity 163 189 211 213 216 210 284
impact infrastructure private debt 747 904 980 867 808 748 851
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
213


[page 90]
6.5 Career level distribution of our workforce
Table 37
Career level distribution of our workforce1
Dimension
Region
APAC  31.8  40.6  6.4  2.3  0.1  2.3  18.9 10,040 9,625
EMEA  25.3  43.5  7.2  2.6  0.1  2.7  21.3 27,095 25,822
LATAM  37.2  37.6  5  1.6  0.1  1.6  18.6 8,726 8,537
North America  14.3  67.3  11.8  2.4  0.2  2.6  4 17,946 18,235
Corporate Center  5.3  41.2  27.3  22.8  2.9  25.7  0.4 1,630 1,623
Gender
Female  30.0  48.4  6.5  1.9  0.1  2.0  13.1 33,382 32,492
Male  18.7  49.7  10.9  3.8  0.3  4.1  16.6 31,478 30,872
Undisclosed gender3  6.4  19.2  4.2  2.9  0.0  2.9  67.2 577 478
Age group4
Age <30  52.2  31.9  0.4  0  0  0  15.5 9,558 9,364
Age 30-50  20.3  53.1  9.7  2.7  0.1  2.7  14.2 38,617 37,395
Age >50  18.1  48.4  10.7  4.9  0.5  5.4  17.4 17,212 17,083
Employment type
Full-time  23.5  49.9  8.8  2.9  0.2  3.1  14.7 60,547 59,133
Part-time  35.4  34.8  5.6  1.7  0.1  1.8  22.4 4,890 4,709
Nationality
National  29.0  41.6  6.7  2.5  0.1  2.6  20.1 42,080 39,301
Non-national  21.2  43.4  12.5  7.5  1  8.5  14.3 5,229 4,633
Undisclosed nationality5  14.4  66.9  11.7  2.4  0.2  2.6  4.4 18,128 19,908
Total (# 2025) 15,940 31,896 5,611 1,868 118 1,986 10,004 65,437 N/A
Total (# 2024) 15,850 30,635 5,373 1,777 109 1,886 10,098 N/A 63,842
Career level (%)
Total # 2025 Total # 2024A B C D E Senior management Unranked 2
1 The percentage calculation methodology has been revised for 2025 in order to improve readability, with percentages now calculated on a row basis. Prior-year values are therefore not directly comparable.
2 ‘Unranked’ refers to employees who are not assigned to any career level (15.3 percent of our workforce), comprising employees in Germany, including getolo (not ranked due to locally applicable restrictions preventing 
the use of this data, 8 percent of our workforce), Zurich Kotak (due to ongoing onboarding onto our platform, 2.8 percent of our workforce), Orion (0.3 percent of our workforce), BOXX Insurance (0.1 percent of our 
workforce), and sales force teams (due to their higher volatility, 2.4 percent of our workforce). The total includes all employees, including 'unranked'.
3 ‘Undisclosed gender’ refers to employees with no declared gender.
4 Demographic data is not available for BOXX Insurance, due to its recent acquisition (0.1 percent of our workforce).
5 ‘Undisclosed nationality’ refers to employees for whom we do not hold nationality/citizenship information, mostly from North America.
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
214


[page 91]
6.6 Swiss legal requirements (CO Art. 964b) 
Table 38
Swiss Code of Obligations reference table
The sections listed in the table below are the main source of information on a given matter. There may be additional information in other parts of 
the sustainability report. 
General information required to understand our business Our performance 
Our global business
Our business mix 
Our business model
Our strategy
6
12
13 to 14
15 to 18
7 to 11
Environmental matters (including CO2 goals) Sustainability performance highlights 2025
1.1 Our sustainability journey
3. Our planet
4.2.1 Revenues from sustainable solutions
6.1 Our yearly progress on our targets and ambitions
6.4 Investments – KPI yearly progress
128
132 to 133
141 to 175
179
205 to 206
211 to 213
Social matters Sustainability performance highlights 2025
1.1 Our sustainability journey
1.2 Stakeholder overview
4. Our customers
5.4 Sustainable sourcing
5.5 Responsible tax
128
132 to 133
134 to 137
176 to 189
202 to 203
203
Employee-related matters Sustainability performance highlights 2025
1.1 Our sustainability journey
1.2 Stakeholder overview
5. People, in particular:
– 5.1 Our people
6.1 Our yearly progress on our targets and ambitions
128
132 to 133
–134 to 137
190 to 204
190 to 199
206
Human rights matters 1.1 Our sustainability journey
5.3 Human rights 
5.4 Sustainable sourcing
132 to 133
200 to 202
202 to 203
Corruption matters 1.1 Our sustainability journey 
5.2 Prevention of bribery & corruption
132 to 133
199 to 200
References to national, European or international regulations1. Introduction and strategy 130 to 131
Legal requirements Section Page
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
215


[page 92]
6.7 TCFD reference table
Table 31
TCFD reference table
The sections listed in the table below are the main source of information on a given thematic area. There may be additional information in other 
parts of the sustainability report. 
Governance a. Describe the board’s oversight of 
climate-related risks and opportunities.
139 to 140 2.1 Governance around climate-related risks and opportunities
2.2 Impact of climate-related performance on remuneration
b. Describe management’s role in 
assessing and managing climate-related 
risks and opportunities.
139 to 140 2.1 Governance around climate-related risks and opportunities
2.2 Impact of climate-related performance on remuneration
Strategy a. Describe the climate-related risks and 
opportunities the organization has 
identified over the short, medium, and long 
term.
143 to 144 3.1.1 Our progress on our climate transition plan 
3.2 Our view on climate risk 
b. Describe the impact of climate-related 
risks and opportunities on the 
organization’s businesses, strategy, and 
financial planning.
143 to 147 3.2 Our view on climate risk 
c. Describe the resilience of the 
organization’s strategy, taking into 
consideration different climate-related 
scenarios, including a 2°C or lower 
scenario.
147 to 161 3.2.3 Our medium- and long-term approach to climate risk: scenario-based 
climate risk analysis
Risk 
Management
a. Describe the organization’s processes 
for identifying and assessing climate-
related risks.
143 to 161 3.2 Our view on climate risk 
b. Describe the organization’s processes 
for managing climate-related risks.
143 to 161 3.2 Our view on climate risk 
c. Describe how processes for identifying, 
assessing, and managing climate-related 
risks are integrated into the organization’s 
overall risk management.
143 to 144 3.2.1 Integration of climate risk within the overall risk management 
framework
Metrics and 
Targets
a. Disclose the metrics used by the 
organization to assess climate-related risks 
and opportunities in line with its strategy 
and risk management process.
162 to 175 3.3 Our targets and metrics
b. Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if 
appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions and the related risks.
162 to 175
205 to 206
3.3 Our targets and metrics
6.1 Our yearly progress on our targets and ambitions
c. Describe the targets used by the 
organization to manage climate-related 
risks and opportunities and performance 
against targets.
162 to 175
205 to 206
3.3 Our targets and metrics
6.1 Our yearly progress on our targets and ambitions
Thematic area Recommended disclosure Page Section
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
216


[page 93]
6.8 Assurance scope visualization
Table 39
Assurance scope
The below reference table gives an overview of the metrics which have been externally assured for the year ended December 31, 2025, unless 
otherwise stated. The assurance degree (reasonable, limited) and the framework or standard used are detailed for each metric.
Chapter 3: Our planet
Figure 8 Annual expected loss for top five peril 
regions
Limited 145 Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
Figure 10 Probable maximum loss by top three peril 
regions
Limited 146
SASB Standards
Table 6 Insurance-associated emissions from 
large corporate customers for 2023 and 
2024
Limited 164
PCAF
Table 7 Engagements with our customers Limited 165 Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
Table 9 Climate solutions Limited 166
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
Table 10 % green certified buildings in total real 
estate
Limited 167
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
Table 11 Engagements with our investees Limited 168
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
Table 12 Absolute emissions of the corporate 
portfolio
Limited 168
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
Table 13 Emission intensity of the corporate 
portfolio
Limited 168
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
Table 14 Absolute emissions and emission 
intensity of the sovereign bond portfolio
Limited 169
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
Table 15 Absolute emissions of the direct real 
estate portfolio
Limited 170
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
Table 16 Emission intensity of the direct real estate 
portfolio
Limited 170
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
Table 17 Investment portfolio managed by 
responsible investors
Limited 171
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
Table 18 Impact investing portfolio Limited 171
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
Figure 18 Impact metrics Limited 172
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
KPI Proxy voting Limited 172
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
KPI Assets under management for Zurich 
Investment Solutions 
Limited 172
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
Table 20 Absolute carbon emissions coming from 
our own operations
Reasonable 174
GRI Standards
Table 21 Absolute carbon emissions for entities not 
included in the baseline
Limited 175 Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
KPI % of MPS with suppliers that have 
science-based emissions reduction 
targets
Limited 175
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
KPI % of MPS with suppliers that have net-
zero targets
Limited 175
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
Where Assured metric Assurance degree Annual report Framework/Standard
Table / figures / 
KPI Title 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
217


[page 94]
Chapter 4: Our customers
Figure 20 Revenues from sustainable solutions 
split by region and sustainable category
Limited 181 Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
Figure 21 Revenues from sustainable solutions by 
product category
Limited 182 Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
KPI Revenues from energy efficiency and 
low-carbon technologies
Limited 182
SASB Standards
KPI Retail – customer retention rate Limited 177 SASB Standards
KPI Commercial Insurance – Premium 
retention rate
Limited 177
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
KPI Corporate Life and Pensions – 
customer retention rate
Limited 178
SASB Standards
KPI Employees completing data protection 
and privacy training
Limited 188
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
KPI Employees completing information 
security awareness training
Limited 188
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
Chapter 5: People
KPI Total Group headcount Limited 191
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
Table 23 New hires Limited 192
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
KPI % of all promotions are women Limited 193
Bloomberg GEI methodology
Table 24 Internal hires Limited 193 Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
Table 25 Average learning hours Limited 194
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
KPI Total number of hours training 
registered on MyDevelopment
Limited 194
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
KPI Average training expenditure per full-
time employee
Limited 195
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
KPI Total expenditure on training Limited 195
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
KPI % of individuals voluntarily or 
involuntarily departing the organization 
are women
Limited 195
Bloomberg GEI methodology
Table 26 Turnover Limited 195 Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
KPI % of our people managers are women Limited 197
Bloomberg GEI methodology
KPI % of our individual contributors are 
women
Limited 197
Bloomberg GEI methodology
KPI % of our employees working in IT or 
engineering roles are women
Limited 197
Bloomberg GEI methodology
KPI Employees completing anti-corruption 
training overall and by region
Limited 200
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
KPI Completion rate of the supplier due 
diligence training (%) 
Limited 203
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
Table 28 Charitable cash contributions Limited 204
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
Appendix
Table 37 Career level distribution of our workforce Limited 214
Zurich Insurance Group’s 
methodology1
Where Assured metric Assurance degree Annual report Framework/Standard
Table / figures / 
KPI Title 
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
218
1 Regarding performance indicators in line with Zurich Insurance Group's methodology, a description of the methodology is included in the relevant sections of the sustainability report.

[page 95]
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
219
7. Independent assurance report


[page 96]
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
220


[page 97]
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
221


[page 98]
Group 
overview
Governance Sustainability 
report
Risk
review
Financial
review
Zurich Insurance Group
Annual Report 2025
222
