# Lloyds Banking Group plc (LLOY.L)
# primary source: 2025-lbg-sustainability-report.pdf  (145 pages)

[page 1]
Building a 
sustainable and 
inclusive future
Lloyds Banking Group 
Sustainability Report 2025

[page 2]
Our purpose 
is Helping 
Britain Prosper 
As the UK’s largest financial services 
provider with 28 million customers, 
we have an important role to play 
in creating a more sustainable and 
inclusive future for people and 
businesses, by shaping finance 
as a force for good. 
Contents 
 01-04 Overview
Our Group strategy 
05-11 
Access to quality and 
affordable housing 
12-21 
Empowering a 
prosperous future 
22-36 
Supporting regional 
development and communities 
37-47 
Building an inclusive 
organisation 
48-59 
Supporting the 
UK’s transition 
60-118 
How we deliver 119-142 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Cover image created using AI software. 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025 01 
See our full reporting suite on 
the sustainability downloads page of our website.

[page 3]
Within this report, reference to 
the Group covers our core divisions. 
Reference to Bank is limited to our Retail and Commercial 
Banking operations. Scottish Widows relates to our Insurance, 
Pensions and Investments activities. Housing Growth 
Partnership (HGP) and LDC form part of Equity investments. 
The data and examples in this report reflect activities 
undertaken during the 2025 financial year (1 January to 
31 December 2025) and, where relevant to performance, 
activities and events before and after this period. The report 
includes information about Lloyds Banking Group and 
its subsidiaries. 
Retail 
Insurance, Pensions 
and Investments 
Commercial 
Banking 
Equity Investments and Central Items includes 
the Group’s equity investments businesses. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Our 2025 reporting suite Scope of this report 
Our 2025 report provides an update on how we 
are Helping Britain Prosper in a way that delivers 
long-term profit and returns, whilst creating a more 
sustainable and inclusive future for people and 
businesses, shaping finance as a force for good. 
Statement on assurance provider 
Deloitte LLP were appointed to provide 
independent limited assurance over certain 
data points indicated with a . The assurance 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  02 
engagement was planned and performed in 
accordance with the International Standard 
on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised), 
Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or 
Reviews of Historical Financial Information (ISAE 
3000 (Revised)) and International Standard on 
Assurance Engagements 3410 (ISAE 3410)
. This 
independent assurance report is separate from 
Deloitte’s audit report on the financial statements 
and is available in our 
sustainability downloads
Our reporting suite 
The content in this report is subject 
to the statements included in: (i) the 
‘Forward looking statements’ section; 
and (ii) the ‘Sustainability metrics 
basis of reporting’ which details how 
our metrics are calculated. 
Sustainability is considered in 
a number of documents across 
our reporting suite. 
Our ESG scores can be found online 
at sustainability downloads
 Annual report and accounts Sustainability report Gender and ethnicity pay gap report 
Sustainability metrics basis 
of reporting
Modern slavery and human 
trafficking statement Sustainability metrics datasheet

[page 4]
Our purpose pillars 
Our strategy is driven by our purpose, with 
each of the five pillars below woven into our 
core strategic priorities and helping deliver 
shareholder value. 
Access to quality 
and affordable housing 
To help all UK households regardless 
of income or tenure 
Empowering a 
prosperous future 
For our customers and businesses 
Supporting regional 
development and 
communities 
As our success is intrinsically linked 
with their success 
Building an inclusive 
organisation 
To better support our customers 
and communities 
Supporting the UK’s 
transition 
By providing financial solutions and 
building resilience 
The Group is committed to a purpose-driven strategy 
that supports the needs of our customers, colleagues and 
communities, while delivering long-term sustainable returns 
and creating value for shareholders. 
Our 2025 report showcases how we are Helping Britain 
Prosper by growing our business profitably and creating a more 
sustainable and inclusive future for people and businesses. I am 
pleased to update on the considerable progress made over the 
last year and want to highlight some of our top priorities. 
Access to quality and affordable housing 
We are proud to play a leading role in the UK’s housing 
market, working with communities, developers and local 
partners to accelerate the delivery of quality, affordable 
homes for people who need them most. 
In 2025, we provided £17 billion to first-time buyers, supporting 
business growth and helping 70,000 customers onto the 
property ladder. Last year, we strengthened our mortgage 
offering with the launch of ‘First Time Buyer Boost’, making an 
additional £5 billion available to customers who may previously 
have missed out on securing a mortgage. By making home 
ownership possible for thousands more people, ‘Boost’ is helping 
customers realise their ambition of home ownership, while 
driving income growth in a competitive market. 
The Group has a long-standing commitment to support 
the social housing sector and our financing is helping more 
people access secure, affordable homes, while strengthening 
lending growth. A brilliant example is our £100 million 
financing agreement with the Sovereign Network Group, 
which will fund the retrofit of 4,500 social homes. This 
support will improve energy efficiency, aiming to make these 
homes cost-effective, comfortable and quality places to live. 
Beyond championing the social housing sector, we are 
broadening access to home ownership and making it easier 
to access new, energy-efficient family homes. Through Lloyds 
Living, we now operate a growing portfolio of over 5,450 
professionally managed homes, offering more rental 
and shared ownership options across the UK. Through 
our market-leading role in the UK’s housing sector, we are 
successfully growing our business, while helping more people 
move into quality homes and build their futures. 
Empowering a prosperous future 
As the UK’s only integrated financial services provider we are 
deeply committed to empowering our customers to achieve 
their financial ambitions. Our products and services support 
people through some of their biggest milestones, be it saving 
for a home, starting to invest or planning for retirement. 
Since launching Ready-Made Pensions in 2024, we’ve 
opened over 7,000 accounts, helping customers access 
simple, flexible ways to build their retirement savings. Our 
Ready-Made Investments are empowering people to take 
control of their finances, with c.84,000 customers starting 
to invest since launch. With a market-leading fund charge, 
more of our customers’ money is invested directly into their 
futures, with over £500 million invested to date. Both 
offerings mean we’re supporting a growing customer base, 
while contributing to an increase in other operating income 
through management fees. 
We are using our extensive data and digital capabilities 
to strengthen customers’ credit health and improve access 
to borrowing. Over 500,000 customers improved their 
credit scores every quarter last year, building resilience and 
confidence. Our Benefits Calculator highlighted £93.3 million 
of support payable to customers, and we paid £9.1 billion 
in interest payments in 2025, supporting everyday resilience 
and deepening customer and client relationships. 
Supporting regional development 
and communities 
We are committed to supporting growth and creating 
opportunities in regions and communities across the UK. 
In the North West, we acted as mandate lead arranger 
for a £154 million debt commitment to a critical carbon 
capture infrastructure project that creates 2,000 jobs, 
demonstrating how our finance delivers commercial growth 
and regional development, while reducing emissions. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Group Chief Executive’s statement 
Charlie Nunn 
Group Chief 
Executive 
Read full biography
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  03 
Our support for major 
national projects, 
including Sizewell C, 
reflects our commitment 
to backing large-scale, 
clean power that will 
help secure reliable, 
affordable UK energy.” 

[page 5]
Last year, we supported the Community Development 
Finance sector as it continues to scale. Our initial £43 million 
investment in 2024, delivered through the £1 billion Regional 
Impact Fund, has since supported over 370 regional businesses 
and helped unlock new capital in local economies. 
Our Lloyds Bank Foundations are another useful community 
asset and we marked their 40
th anniversary in 2025. Since 
the Foundations were established in 1985, we have donated 
over £800 million and countless hours of our colleagues’ time 
in support of small and local charities across the UK. Beyond 
our Foundations, our colleagues also spent more than 11,000 
hours volunteering for national homelessness charity Crisis, 
raising almost £5 million since the start of our partnership 
in 2023. 
Our deep-rooted presence in UK communities reflects the 
enduring impact of our charitable initiatives and the strength 
of our commercial success, working together to create lasting 
value for customers and communities. 
Building an inclusive organisation 
We are clear that our workforce needs to reflect the 
customers and communities we serve. Over the past year, 
we have continued to advance our 2030 inclusion ambitions, 
strengthening our focus on increasing representation in 
executive roles. We remain committed to removing barriers 
and providing opportunities for people to reach their 
potential regardless of their socio-economic backgrounds. 
In 2025, our youth outreach programmes supported over 
100,000 people across school, college and university, 
building essential skills and strengthening the Group’s 
talent pipeline. 
Ensuring that we build an inclusive workforce means we 
can attract – and retain – the exceptional talent we need 
to deliver on our strategy and build a business that meets 
evolving customer needs. 
Supporting the UK’s transition 
We continue to strengthen the resilience of our balance 
sheet and investment portfolios by deploying capital to 
support the UK’s transition. Since 2022, we have provided 
£70.9 billion of sustainable finance and we have now 
invested £81.3 billion in climate-aware strategies since 2020. 
We are structuring new forms of finance that link institutional 
capital to critical national infrastructure. One example is our 
support for the first corporate issuance of a blue bond in 
sterling, co-coordinating £250 million for London’s Thames 
Tideway Tunnel. Once complete, the tunnel will reduce 
pollution and support the capital’s long-term water resilience. 
It showcases how innovation in sustainable finance can drive 
positive societal impact and robust financial outcomes. 
Alongside this leadership in nature-based finance, we
continue to play a critical role in strengthening the UK’s 
energy security. Our support for major national projects, 
including Sizewell C, reflects our commitment to backing 
large-scale, clean power that will help secure reliable,
affordable energy for the UK. These examples underline 
how we are supporting the long-term resilience of critical
infrastructure, while unlocking significant commercial 
growth opportunities aligned to the UK’s transition. 
Continuing to deliver in 2026 
We continue 2026 from a position of strength with a clear 
focus on purposeful growth. By combining positive impact 
with sustainable, long-term returns, we will continue to 
deliver on our purpose of Helping Britain Prosper. 
Charlie Nunn 
Group Chief Executive 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Group Chief Executive’s statement continued 
Our progress 
£21.9bn
of sustainable finance in 2025 
£1bn 
commitment to 
finance opportunities 
aligned to our Regional 
Impact Fund 
17.5% 
of executive roles held by 
Black, Asian and Minority 
Ethnic colleagues in 2025 
>£22bn 
of social housing financing 
supported since 2018 
£17.0bn 
lending provided 
to first-time buyers 
in 2025 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025 04 
Purpose in action 
Empowering customers 
for digital success 
The Consumer Digital Index is a comprehensive study of 
digital and financial lives. As the nation’s largest digital 
bank, we use our unique data and expertise to deliver 
powerful insights through this report. 
Our 2025 findings reveal a major shift, with more than 
28 mill
ion adults now using AI tools to manage their money, 
from everyday budgeting to savings goals and financial 
education. Further information can be found on 
page 33. 
We’re committed to ensuring everyone has the tools, 
confidence an
d access to thrive in a digital-first economy. 
Through Lloyds Bank Academy, c.428k individuals have 
benefitted from our digital and financial skills programmes 
in 2025, empowering our customers with knowledge 
and building a more resilient, inclusive financial future.

[page 6]
In this section 
Our business model 06 
Our pu
rpose pillars 
Highli
ghts 
Our Group 
strategy 
We are Helping Britain 
Prosper by creating a more 
sustainable and inclusive 
08 
future – shaping finance 
as a force for good. 
09 
Value chain and materiality 10 
Industry partnerships 11 
Our fr
ameworks Our vision is to be the UK customer-focused digital 
leader
 and integrated financial services provider, 
capitalising on new opportunities, at scale. 
11 
We are committed to delivering profitable solutions 
that advance a more inclusive and sustainable UK. 
By staying true to our purpose and prioritising 
the needs of our customers, colleagues and 
communities, we unlock new growth opportunities, 
strengthen business resilience, and generate 
sustainable, long-term returns for our shareholders. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  05 
See our full reporting suite on 
the sustainability page of our website.

[page 7]
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Our Group strategy continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  06 
What we do 
Our business model 
is focused on Helping 
Britain Prosper in 
a way that delivers 
sustainable profit 
and returns 
Our competitive 
advantages 
• Leading UK customer 
franchise with deep 
customer insight 
• All-channel distribution 
with digital leadership 
and trusted brands 
• Unique customer 
proposition 
• Innovation through 
modern and 
transformative 
technology 
• Operating at scale 
with cost discipline 
• Focused and capital-
generative business 
model 
• Financial strength and 
robust risk management 
• Dedicated colleagues 
with strong values 
For more information on our 
competitive advantages see 
page 06 of our 
annual report 
and accounts
Our purpose 
Helping Britain Prosper. 
We do this by creating 
a more sustainable 
and inclusive future for 
people and businesses, 
shaping finance as 
a force for good. 
Our vision 
To be the UK 
customer-focused 
digital leader and 
integrated financial 
services provider, 
capitalising on new 
opportunities, at scale. 
Our structure 
We have three core divisions that have been structured to serve our customers’ needs effectively 
Retail 
Consumer relationships 
Current accounts 
Savings accounts
Mass affluent proposition 
UK private bank 
Consumer lending 
Mortgages 
Credit cards 
Personal loans 
Motor f
inance
Insurance, Pensions 
and Investments 
Insurance 
Home, Motor, Health 
and Pet Protection 
Pensions and retirement 
Workplace pensions 
Direct to customer pensions 
Retirement 
Investments 
Ready-Made Investments 
Share dealing 
Commercial Banking 
Business and commercial banking 
Business loans 
Transactional banking 
Working capital 
Merchan
t services
Corporate and institutional banking 
Lending and debt capital markets 
Cash liquidity 
Risk management 
In addition, Equity Investments and Central Items includes the Group’s direct investments businesses. 
Our trusted brands 
With over 325 years’ heritage across our family of brands, we serve and support the evolving needs of our customers and clients across the UK. 
Our values 
These values are at the heart of everything we do – guiding our decisions, 
shaping our culture, and driving our purpose of Helping Britain Prosper. 
People-first Bold Inclusive Sustain able Trust

[page 8]
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Our Group strategy continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025 07 
How we do it 
We deliver for our customers 
by focusing on their needs, 
continually innovating the 
products and services we 
offer, developing and 
investing in new solutions, 
and using our expertise 
and influence to create 
positive change. 
How we serve our customers 
Innovat
ion, development, 
influence 
Driving innovation through effective 
use of customer feedback, data and 
technology ensures we remain relevant 
to the customer whilst enhancing 
industry standards. Our commitment 
to digital transformation is critical 
for future growth and sustainability. 
Products, services 
and solutions 
Offering a comprehensive range 
of financial products and services, 
increasingly through digital channels. 
We tailor these offerings to meet 
individual and business needs, ensuring 
customers have access to the right 
financial solutions. 
Successful business 
performance 
Delivering sustainable profit and 
growth based on financial strength 
ensures we can invest for the future, 
both in the business and customer 
propositions, whilst returning capital 
to our owners. 
Funding, investment 
and expertise 
Ongoing investment in the business 
ensures we can meet the evolving 
needs of our customers in a 
commercial way. Our significant 
funding helps people and businesses 
invest and grow whilst our expertise 
and tailored solutions help clients 
navigate financial challenges, fostering 
success and sustainable returns. 
Sustainable and inclusive growth 
Customers 
We provide financial services to over 
half of the UK adult population and 
more than one million businesses. 
By meeting our customers’ needs 
we’re unlocking sustainable growth. 
c.£14bn 
of sustainable finance provided for 
Commercial Banking customers in 2025 
£7.5bn 
of new-tax free savings supported 
through ISA propositions in 2025 
Colleagues 
We are committed to building an 
inclusive and sustainable organisation 
that is truly representative of our 
customers. 
We recognise that colleagues who 
can be their authentic selves at 
work are central to our success. 
19.0% 
of our senior roles were held by 
colleagues with disabilities in 2025 
17.5% 
of our executive roles held by Black, Asian 
or Minority Ethnic colleagues in 2025 
Communities 
Our success is intrinsically linked 
with the success of all regions 
across the whole of the UK. 
When local people, local businesses, 
and their communities prosper, 
so do we. 
£3.2bn 
of new finance supported in the 
social housing sector in 2025 
>£1.8m 
raised by our colleagues and customers 
to support Crisis and Simon Community 
in 2025 
Sustainable profit and returns 
Shareholders 
Our strategic progress, coupled with 
our financial results and continued 
investment, reinforces our confidence 
in achieving our 2026 guidance. 
The Group’s sustained strength in financial 
position has delivered strong capital 
generation, enabling an increased dividend 
and a
 £1.75 billion share buyback. 
3.65p 
total proposed ordinary dividend 
per share for 2025, up 15% 
£3.9bn 
returned to shareholders for 2025
H3

[page 9]
Helping Britain Prosper 
By creating a more sustainable and inclusive future for people and businesses – shaping finance as a force for good. 
Grow 
Drive revenue growth 
and diversification 
Focus 
Strengthen cost and 
capital efficiency 
Change 
Maximise the potential of 
people, technology and data 
Our purpose pillars 
Embedding sustainability in all that we do while acting in a trusted and responsible manner 
Access to quality 
and affordable 
housing 
See page  12 
Empowering a 
prosperous future 
Supporting regional 
development and 
communities 
Building an 
inclusive 
organisation 
Supporting the 
UK’s transition 
See page  22 See page  37 See page  48 See page  60
Driving business decisions to create value 
Purpose pillars 
highlights 
Delivering on our objectives across the 
pillars, we can create further commercial 
growth opportunities as well as positive 
outcomes for our stakeholders and thus 
build a more resilient and profitable business 
to deliver higher, more sustainable returns 
for our shareholders. 
We remain committed to 
building a sustainable and 
inclusive future. See the next 
page for highlights. 
UN Sustainability Development Goals 
As a purpose-driven organisation, we have an opportunity 
to play our part in helping the UK to meet the targets 
set by the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). 
They provide a common framework for us to identify 
how we can play a more active role in the sustainable 
development of UK society and help us frame how we 
use our operating model, scale, resources and skillsets 
to respond to some of the biggest societal challenges 
faced by the UK today. 
Throughout this report we have demonstrated how our 
activities support the achievement of specific SDG sub-
targets through selected examples and case studies. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Our Group strategy continued 
Link to strategy 
Grow Focus Change
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  08 

[page 10]
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Our Group strategy continued 
Link to strategy 
Grow Focus Change
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  09 
Access to quality 
and affordable housing 
£3.2bn
of new finance supporting the social housing sector of which 
£2.3 billion was sustainability-linked/
sustainability-labelled financing
Supporting regional 
development 
and communities
>370
regional businesses supported through 
our initial £43m investment in community 
development finance
Supporting the 
UK’s transition 
38,000 
hours
170
key suppliers assessed against our 
Emerald Standard representing 
more than 80% of supply chain 
emissions and spend 
of targeted support for Black, women 
and disabled entrepreneurs
prosperous future
Empowerin
g a 
Building an inclusive 
organisation 
Developed our 
new inclusion 
ambitions to 2030 
for executive roles 

[page 11]
At the heart of our purpose is a 
desire to create value for all our 
stakeholders by understanding what 
matters. Engaging with and listening 
to our stakeholders is intrinsic to our 
business and acting in a trusted and 
responsible manner. 
Our role as a UK-based financial institution is to facilitate 
the flow of funds between participants in the UK economy, 
act as custodians of financial assets and protect value for our 
customers. We consider long-term trends and their impact 
on what we do and the value we create for the society and 
communities we operate in. As such, the way we manage 
sustainability issues matters and our performance is integral 
in how we shape finance as a force for good. 
In 2025, we developed our approach to sustainability-
related financial materiality, leveraging existing materiality 
processes and tools. The Group continues to consider the 
regulatory landscape and is preparing to report in alignment 
with the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) 
through UK government adoption of UK Sustainability 
Reporting Standards (UKSRS) and the implementation 
of the EU’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive 
(CSRD) reporting when required by the Group as a non-
EU parent company. 
Further details on our Group Value chain can be found 
within our 
annual report and accounts
The Group continues to engage with our stakeholders to 
determine the sustainability topics which are important 
to them. 
In 2025 we refreshed our material topics through a 
review of the internal and external environments. 
These include our value chain, markets in which 
we operate, products, services and activities, as 
well as through horizon scanning, reviews of reporting 
frameworks and stakeholder engagement. Our internal 
environment includes colleagues, processes and 
policies, culture and management. We have used the 
outputs from this exercise to refresh our materiality 
assessment, with financial crime, cyber security and 
data privacy listed explicitly as a material topic, 
previously considered within governance and conduct. 
We prioritise our material topics based on: 
1. The strategic importance of the issue to the Group 
2. The importance of the issue to our stakeholders 
3. The social, economic and environmental impact 
of each topic in relation to the core activities, 
products and services provided by the Group 
Our materiality review and impact assessment of our 
operations, products and services was conducted in line 
with the requirements of the United Nations Environment 
Programme for Financial Institutions Principles for Responsible 
Banking (UNEP FI PRB), among other frameworks. 
Details on the associated risks and opportunities associated 
with our material topics have been included within our 
annual report and accounts Within this report we 
include information on how these material topics have 
been considered within the risk management framework 
and the activities undertaken in the year, see 
page 123. 
Material topics 
Topic Description Value chain impact 
Artificial Intelligence The introduction of Artificial Intelligence (AI) into the banking ecosystem 
carries with it both opportunities and challenges. While AI can process 
data at unprecedented speeds and scale, there are risks such as, biases 
and misinformation, with automated decision making. 
Customers and clients, 
Regulators and government, 
Communities, Colleagues and Suppliers 
Biodiversity and nature We recognise the important role that financial services in particular can play 
in helping to preserve natural ecosystems, minimising nature-related risks, 
and channelling capital towards protection and restoration of nature. 
Customers and clients, 
Regulators and government, Shareholders, 
Communities, Colleagues and Suppliers 
Climate change 
and transition 
We have an important role in managing the impact of our activities, 
products and services on climate change, and the risks and opportunities 
to the growth of our business as a result of climate change. 
Customers and clients, 
Regulators and government, Shareholders, 
Communities Colleagues and Suppliers 
Cyber security 
and data privacy 
We are working to bolster our cyber security to keep our customers’ 
money and data safe. 
Customers and clients, 
Regulators and government, Shareholders, 
Communities Colleagues and Suppliers 
Diversity, equity 
and inclusion 
We want to create a fully inclusive organisation that is representative of 
modern-day Britain, where differences are embraced and everyone can reach 
their potential, and we want to use our experiences to build more inclusive 
products and services, to help communities to become more inclusive. 
Customers and clients, 
Regulators and government, Shareholders, 
Communities, Colleagues and Suppliers 
Financial Crime We are continuously working to protect our stakeholders from Financial 
Crime, as well as improving our processes to achieve good customer 
outcomes in a responsible way. 
Customers and clients, Regulators and 
government, Communities and Suppliers 
Financial inclusion 
and resilience 
We are focused on ensuring that all our customers, regardless of their 
personal circumstances, can pursue their financial objectives and 
ambitions. Through our inclusive products, services and education tools, 
people, communities and businesses can rely on us for their financial 
needs, and feel in control and confident about their future. 
Customers and clients, 
Regulators and government, 
Colleagues and Suppliers 
Governance 
and conduct 
We are continuously working to strengthen our management of risk, 
culture and governance, as well as improving our processes to achieve 
good customer outcomes in a responsible way. 
Customers and clients, 
Regulators and government, Shareholders, 
Communities, Colleagues and Suppliers 
Health and wellbeing 
of colleagues 
The success of the Group is dependent on our people and a safe working 
environment is imperative to ensure no harm comes to our colleagues. 
To support the physical health and wellbeing of our colleagues we offer 
them a range of programmes and support services. 
Customers and clients, 
Regulators and government, Shareholders, 
Communities, Colleagues and Suppliers 
Modern slavery 
and human rights 
Through our lending and investment processes, we aim to respect and 
positively impact human rights and mitigate modern slavery in our value 
chain through our role as a financial services provider, lender, purchaser 
of goods and services, employer and supporter of our communities. 
Customers and clients, 
Regulators and government, Shareholders, 
Communities, Colleagues and Suppliers 
Regional inequalities Regional inequalities are leading to economic and social consequences 
across many communities. Sitting at the heart of communities, we are 
uniquely placed to leverage our scale to help address these issues. 
We do this by supporting the needs of these regions. 
Customers and clients, 
Regulators and government, Shareholders, 
Communities, Colleagues and Suppliers 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Our Group strategy continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  10 
Value chain and materiality

[page 12]
Our ongoing participation in 
global and regional commitments, 
memberships and collaborating with 
peers, supports the delivery of our 
purpose, identification of growth 
and resilience opportunities to deliver 
good outcomes for stakeholders. 
World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development (WBCSD) 
The WBCSD is a global organisation of over 200 businesses 
working to achieve the UN Sustainable Development Goals 
through the transformation of economic systems. The Group 
is a full member, participating in several projects in order 
to support our sustainability ambitions. 
United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) 
Since 2016, we have been a participant of the UNGC, which 
provides a universal framework for corporate responsibility, 
guiding companies to align their strategies with the Ten 
Principles on human rights, labour, environment and 
anti-corruption. 
United Nations Environment Programme 
for Financial Institutions – Principles for 
Responsible Banking (UNEP FI PRB) 
The Group became a member of the UNEP FI PRB in 2019 
to support the banking industry accelerate its contribution 
to achieving society’s goals as expressed in the UN 
Sustainable Development Goals and the Paris Agreement. 
The Equator Principles 
Lloyds Banking Group has been a signatory to The Equator 
Principles since 2008. A recognised framework for assessing 
and managing environmental and social risks in project 
finance transactions, applying the Equator Principles helps 
the Group to ensure that financed projects give due 
consideration to sustainability-related risks, leading to 
more responsible and resilient development outcomes. 
For details on environmental sustainability specific 
partnerships see our 
sustainability downloads
We have a number of frameworks 
in place that support the delivery 
of our strategy. These outline how 
we consider sustainability in our 
products and services, investments 
and stewardship activities. 
Sustainable Financing Framework 
The Framework sets out the Group’s methodology for 
classifying sustainable financial products, supporting 
consistent reporting, assurance and disclosure against 
the Group’s sustainable financing targets. 
It also guides the development of sustainable finance 
products and offerings by providing structure that enhances 
risk management and supports innovation products aligned 
with the Group’s sustainability objectives and ambitions. 
The framework applies to eligible Bank products and 
complements the Group’s Sustainable Bond Framework. 
External sector statements 
The Group’s sector statements, guided by international 
conventions, national legislation and leading industry standards, 
detail our cross-sector and sector-specific criteria for managing 
environmental and social risks, ensuring credit decisions reflect 
ESG-related risks and their financial implications. 
Our frameworks and external sector statements can be 
found 
here
Sustainable Bond Framework 
The Group’s Sustainable Bond Framework enables Lloyds 
Banking Group and its subsidiaries to issue secured and 
unsecured green and social bonds. It covers five lending 
categories: green buildings, renewable energy, energy 
efficiency, clean transportation and affordable housing. 
The framework defines how products are classified as 
sustainable, supporting funding for eligible assets and the 
Group’s sustainability strategy. To date, five green bonds 
have been issued under this framework. 
Scottish Widows Responsible Investment 
Framework 
Our Framework covers six Responsible Investment Principles 
and our Stewardship commitments, with good customer 
outcomes at its heart. This reflects the centrality of 
customers to the Group’s purpose. Our decisions on asset 
allocation, manager selection, fund research and engagement 
activity are guided by the framework and the principles are 
integrated into our investment policy. 
You can find out more about our Responsible Investment 
Framework by clicking 
here
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Our Group strategy continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  11 
Industry memberships 
Group membership 
Key memberships which supported our approach to sustainability: 
Our frameworks 
Responsible 
investment across 
asset classes
Holisti
c 
approach to net 
zero by 2050 
Real-wo
rld 
outcomes 
Data-dr
iven 
research 
Scottish Widows Responsible Investment Framework 
01 
06 
05 
04 
02 
Active 
ownership 
Good 
customer 
outcomes 03 
Customer 
choice

[page 13]
Access to quality 
and affordable 
housing 
Facilitate access to safe, 
good-quality and affordable 
housing for households across 
the UK 
Access to quality housing is a fundamental human 
need, with affordable and stable homes giving 
people a foundation on which they can thrive – 
whether they rent or own. 
The Group
 is one of the largest financiers and 
supporters of the UK housing sector and we are 
committed to expanding the availability and 
affordability of safe, quality and sustainable housing. 
We are un
iquely placed, through our Group 
strategy, to bring about change and create more 
sustainable and inclusive growth in the UK 
through access to better housing. 
Read more on how we are supporting the UK 
housing market on our 
website
In this section 
Broadening access to home ownership 14 
Increasin
g the supply of social and 
affordable housing 
Improving
 the quality of the private 
rented sector 18 
Supporting UK housebuilders to deliver quality 
and sustainable housing 19 
15 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  12 
Sustainable Development Goals 
See our full reporting suite on 
the sustainability page of our website.

[page 14]
Objectives 
01 
Broaden access 
to home ownership 
Highlight 
Sustainable Finance 
Provider of the Year 
at the Real Estate Capital 
Europe Awards for the third 
year in a row 
Our impact 
£17.0bn 
lending provided to UK first-time 
buyers in 2025 
Linked to strategy 
Grow 
£3.2bn 
of new finance supporting the 
social housing sector in 2025 
02 
Increase the supply 
of social and 
affordable housing 
>£22.7bn 
of financing supporting social 
housing since 2018 
Grow 
03 
Improve the quality 
of the private rented sector 
>5,450
professionally managed 
homes through Lloyds Living 
£550m 
Gross value-added through 
associated construction activity 
Grow 
04 
Support UK 
housebuilders to 
deliver quality and 
sustainable housing 
~5,500 
the number of HGP partnered 
homes sold since 2016 
Grow 
See page  14 
See page  15 
See page  18 
See page  19 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Access to quality and affordable housing continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025 13 
Pillar objectives, 
highlights 
and impact 
Facilitating access to safe, good-
quality and affordable housing 
for households across the UK.
£7
5m
refinance of sustainability-
linked loan with the Hill Group 

[page 15]
Access to secure and affordable housing 
is fundamental to building a sustainable 
and inclusive society – supporting 
financial stability, healthier lives, resilient 
communities, and long-term economic 
growth, while serving as a consistent 
source of income for the Group. 
Leveraging our scale, expertise and banking products, 
we play a vital role across the UK housing market – from 
supporting new housing developments and housing 
associations to financing private landlords, renters and 
homeowners. This commitment is embedded in our Group 
strategy and underpins our ambition to deliver inclusive and 
sustainable growth across both our Retail and Commercial 
Banking businesses. 
As challenges around access to quality housing continue to 
grow for many across the UK, we are positioned to help drive 
meaningful change. We are exploring ways to expand access 
to home ownership – not only through traditional mortgages 
but also via shared ownership models – while providing new 
finance to the thriving private rental and social housing 
sectors that foster inclusive communities and increase 
the availability of affordable housing. 
Industry award-winning 
Our efforts in the sector have been 
recognised through industry awards. 
This year we received Property Week 
RESI Award for Large Financier of the 
Year in recognition of our investment of 
equity into new home delivery and expansion 
of the Lloyds Living portfolio by 800 energy-
efficient homes. We were also awarded 
the 2024 Real Estate Capital’s Sustainable 
Finance Provider of the Year: Europe for 
the third year in a row. 
In addition, we also won an award for the 
Housing Growth Partnership, see 
page 19 
for details. 
Supporting our mortgage customers 
As one of the UK’s largest mortgage lenders, we are 
supporting more and more of our customers to buy their 
first home. We support first-time buyers to get on the 
housing ladder, in 2025, we have provided over £17 billion 
of funding to first-time buyers. 
We are helping more customers borrow what they need, 
by continuing to enhance how much we can responsibly lend. 
Following FCA clarification we made changes to our mortgage 
stress testing which has helped thousands of customers access 
a mortgage they would not have qualified for previously. 
Furthermore, this year we made over £5 billion available to help 
more than 14,000 first-time-buyers borrow at least 4.5 times 
their income, taking our total expanded commitment to higher 
loan-to-income mortgages since 2024 to £9 billion. One key 
part of this was expanding our ‘First Time Buyer Boost’ 
proposition, which helps many customers – in particular those 
on lower incomes – to increase how much they can borrow 
by up to 22%, improving their access to the housing market. 
Through our family of brands, we provide first-time buyer 
education to support customers on their home buying journey 
including: explaining the mortgage application process, the 
considerations when choosing a home, the costs involved, and 
the conveyancing process. We also enable customers to set 
a deposit savings goal and track their progress on this towards 
their home buying aspiration. 
Our ‘Your Credit Score’ tool helps customers to understand 
and take control of their credit health, through personalised 
score improvement tips, and identifying unusual items on their 
credit file. Over 500,000 customers improved their credit score 
every quarter this year as a result. This helps customers build 
confidence that their mortgage application may be more likely 
to be accepted by improving their credit score. 
Support for customers with smaller deposits includes 
offering products for those with a deposit of 5% to 10% 
wanting to buy a home. We also provide intergenerational 
options such as our ‘Family Boost’ mortgage which allows 
a family member to put down 10% of the purchase price of 
a home into a fixed term savings account. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Access to quality and affordable housing continued 
01 Broadening access to home ownership 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025 14 
£17.0bn 
of lending to first-time buyers in 2025 
SDG 11.1 
By 2030, ensure access for all to adequate, safe and 
affordable housing and basic services and upgrade slums. 
Link to strategy 
Purpose in action 
Lloyds Living Stories 
When Kalbinder and Balwinder began their search for a new 
home, they knew exactly what they wanted: an energy-
efficient property, preferably with a private garden. Lloyds 
Living quickly found the perfect match for them in Darfield, 
South Yorkshire. 
Through the Lloyds Living’s Pathway Flex scheme, they 
were able to rent first and decide later if they wanted to 
buy – a “try before you buy” approach that, in Kalbinder’s 
words, “just clicked like that”. 
Pathway Flex is a flexible way to get onto the property ladder 
through our private shared ownership scheme. Available 
on selected developments, it allows customers to buy their 
home straight away. On some developments, customers can 
rent one of Lloyds Living’s homes first and choose to buy 
a share when it suits them – starting with as little as 20% 
ownership, and gradually building this up until they own it all. 
We are proud to have helped Kalbinder and Balwinder turn 
a house into a home. Their journey is testament to the passion 
and commitment our team brings to every customer we meet. 


[page 16]
The Group has a long-standing 
commitment to support new finance 
to social housing, a sector we have 
championed for decades. Since 2018, 
we have supported £22.7 billion 
in finance to the sector through 
commercial lending and deal 
facilitation enabling more homes 
to be built and maintained. Our 
social housing portfolio provides 
a consistent, low risk, source 
of income generation. 
We collaborate with over 320 housing associations 
nationwide, ranging from small local providers to large 
organisations managing tens of thousands of homes. 
Our reach spans the entire country, and leverages our 
extensive experience to provide tailored funding solutions 
and sector expertise helping clients deliver high-quality, 
affordable homes. 
Social housing is a cornerstone of the UK’s housing 
landscape, providing millions with stable and genuinely 
affordable homes. We believe it should be recognised 
as essential national infrastructure alongside transport, 
energy and digital networks – forming the foundation 
of thriving communities and a prosperous economy. 
Its absence contributes to insecurity, inequality and 
poor societal outcomes. 
Our funding enables housing associations to invest in 
improving housing stock, from constructing new homes 
to retrofitting. These initiatives create warmer homes and 
reduce energy costs for residents. Our financing is playing 
a major role in upgrading social housing stock. 
In 2025, we supported £3.2 billion of new financing to the social 
housing sector which includes £2.3 billion of sustainability-
linked/sustainability-labelled financing
1.
 
Refer to 
page 65 for more on our sustainable financing 
targets and progress. 
National Wealth Fund Partnership 
In 2024, we partnered with the National Wealth Fund 
(NWF) and committed up to £500 million to a green retrofit 
loan fund, partially guaranteed by the NWF, to make it easier 
for social housing providers to upgrade existing homes to be 
warmer and more energy-efficient for tenants, supporting 
the UK’s broader net zero ambitions. This year we have 
started deploying our lending and have delivered five new 
Green Retrofit Loans for leading housing associations 
to accelerate the decarbonisation of social housing. 
No single investor, whether a local authority, 
housing association or bank, can enable the 
delivery of the energy-efficient homes we need 
on its own. But by working together, pooling 
our strengths and embracing innovation, we 
can meet the dual challenges of building new 
homes and retrofitting our existing stock.” 
Jess Tomlinson 
Global Head of Real Estate & Housing, Lloyds Banking Group 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Access to quality and affordable housing continued 
02 Increasing the supply of social and affordable housing 
Purpose in action 
In 2025 we have delivered 
£340 million of our £500 
million NWF finance 
commitment 
The financing provided by this initiative will help unlock economic 
opportunity in local communities across the UK, supporting an 
estimated 2,900 highly skilled jobs in plumbing, insulation and 
renewable energy installation. 
Some of the new loans delivered this year are showcased below. 
Peabody 
We provided a £60 million loan to 
our client, Peabody – a not-for-profit 
housing association that provides 
affordable homes, support and 
services in local communities. 
The loan agreement is to fund the 
retrofit of over 5,000 social homes 
across London and the South East. 
It will help enable Peabody to carry 
out bespoke energy efficiency 
upgrades, including wall and loft 
insulation, low-energy lighting, heat 
pumps, solar panels, flood resilience 
measures and water-saving 
technologies. 
Sovereign Network Group 
We entered into a financing agreement 
with Sovereign Network Group (SNG), one 
of England’s largest housing associations, 
across the South and South-West, 
including London and Hertfordshire, 
for £100 million to fund the sustainable 
retrofit of 4,500 social homes. 
SNG owns and manages approximately 
85,000 homes, serving around 210,000 
customers. It has identified more than 
15,000 homes that will form part of 
its retrofit programme with the aim 
of making improvements to the fabric 
performance and low-carbon heating 
technology of homes that will maintain 
their value as cost-effective, quality 
places to live. 
Orbit Group 
Lloyds Banking Group agreed a 
£195 million finance package with Orbit 
Group, one of the UK’s leading housing 
providers, to upgrade social homes across 
the Midlands, East and South-East of 
England, helping families enjoy warmer, 
safer and more affordable homes. 
The finance arrangement includes 
£30 million retrofit loan, partially 
guaranteed by the National Wealth 
Fund to support Orbit’s energy 
efficiency programme to improve 
insulation and installing energy 
efficient measures to reduce carbon 
emissions. Together with a £90 million 
sustainability-linked loan, the finance 
package will ensure residents benefit 
from warmer homes, creating more 
sustainable communities. 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  15 
SDG 7.3 
By 2030, double the global rate of 
improvement in energy efficiency. 
SDG 11.1 
By 2030, ensure access for all to 
adequate, safe and affordable 
housing and basic services and 
upgrade slums. 
SDG 17.17 
Encourage and promote effective 
public, public-private and civil 
society partnerships, building on 
the experience and resourcing 
strategies of partnerships. 
Link to strategy 
1 For details please refer to our sustainab le finance framework

[page 17]
Commitment to small local housing 
associations 
We are committed to lending to smaller social housing 
providers and not-for-profits, to help them to create more 
homes. As part of this we have already supported 
organisations like Golden Lane Housing to grow. 
Specialist housing providers are small in number but deliver 
critical services for vulnerable people. Beneficiary groups 
include people at risk of homelessness and rough sleeping, 
and people suffering from complex mental health issues 
and learning disabilities or recovering from addiction. 
Repurposing former sites into social housing 
In our 2024 report we announced that our former Group 
data centre in Pudsey, West Yorkshire has been identified 
for repurposing into social housing. The refurbishment is set 
to commence in 2027, subject to planning permission, and 
is expected to create up to 100 new homes for social rent. 
We will continue to look at whether our former sites can 
be repurposed. 
This project will also be guided by our efforts in greening the 
built environment. Please refer 
to page 91 for our strategy 
and progress. 
Social Housing Initiative 
Since 2023 the Social Housing Initiative (SHI) 
has brought together a range of stakeholders 
to take steps in addressing the chronic lack 
of social housing and genuinely affordable 
homes in the UK. 
This year members of the SHI continued to 
drive collaborative efforts, including the launch 
of the Small Sites Aggregator. In July, Lloyds 
hosted the second Social Housing Forum to 
bring together leaders from housing, finance, 
government and not-for-profit organisations to 
turn shared ambition into action. Participants 
in the Forum included the then Secretary of 
State for Housing, Communities and Local 
Government. 
Small Sites Aggregator 
In May, the government announced the launch of the 
Small Sites Aggregator, a public-private partnership that 
has been developed through the SHI and recently backed 
by the government. The Small Sites Aggregator will 
identify and unlock fragmented and underutilised 
brownfield land under the ownership of local authorities 
to deliver affordable housing. These are sites that are 
typically too small or complex for large developers when 
in isolation, but which, if aggregated, could unlock land 
at scale to support the delivery of thousands of new 
homes by the end of the Parliament. 
Building futures: The time is now 
In July 2025 we published the second instalment in our 
‘Building futures’ series of reports: ‘The time is now’ – 
reinforcing the urgent need to scale up new financing 
and delivery models and strengthen regional public-
private partnerships to accelerate social and affordable 
house building. 
In the report we highlight that the UK’s social housing 
sector is at a pivotal moment of real potential but also of 
pressing need. Drawing on our analysis of what is required 
to deliver new homes in the UK – as well as lessons from 
other countries – it sets out a practical, evidence-based 
case for progress and identifies three calls to action 
for the government, the private sector and the housing 
sector to accelerate progress: 1) scaling up public-private 
partnerships; 2) delivering a national response to the 
temporary accommodation crisis; and, 3) implementing 
targeted policy reform to unlock further investment 
and delivery. 
You can access our ‘Building futures: The time is now’ 
report here
Senze retrofit pilot 
In 2025, we commissioned a pilot study with Bromford Flagship 
housing association to explore how technology can improve 
decision making in retrofit planning. Using Senze’s live sensors 
in social homes, we monitored real-time thermal performance 
in homes. The findings revealed the ways in which actual 
performance can differ from modelled assumptions and 
potentially lead to sub-optimal retrofit recommendations. 
This data-led approach has the potential to help scope work 
more accurately, avoid unnecessary interventions, and identify 
where outcomes fall short. 
The study, authored by The Good Economy, an impact advisory 
firm, suggests that some retrofit funding may be spent on 
homes that need fewer upgrades, while other homes, requiring 
intervention, risk being overlooked. Ultimately, deployment 
of such technology enables the balancing of the desired 
environmental, social and economic outcomes. We hope our 
report’s insights and the blueprint it lays out encourage further 
pilots across the social housing and real estate sectors to 
validate cost savings and optimise resources. 
To read the full report and supporting appendices, visit 
lloydsbank.com/retrofit
This pilot demonstrates the transformative 
potential of real-time data in shaping retrofit 
strategies. By moving beyond traditional 
Energy Performance Certificate (EPC) 
visual assessments and using live sensor 
technology, we can make decisions grounded 
in actual thermal performance. That means 
smarter investment, fewer wasted resources, 
and ultimately better outcomes for customers.” 
Michael Craggs 
Development and Asset Management Innovation Lead, 
Bromford Flagship 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Access to quality and affordable housing continued 
Increasing the supply of social and affordable housing continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025 16

[page 18]
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Access to quality and affordable housing continued 
Increasing the supply of social and affordable housing continued 
Purpose in action
Living proof of 
social housing – 
Ray’s Story 
with Crisis 
When sight loss made Ray’s shared 
accommodation unsafe, he began sofa 
surfing and eventually sleeping rough. 
“My self-worth was gone. I felt 
vulnerable and lost.” 
Despite reaching out to local authorities, 
Ray could not find the support he 
needed, until he connected with our 
charity partner, Crisis. Through their 
Skylight centres, Crisis provides tailored 
help for people experiencing or at risk 
of homelessness. With the support 
of his lead worker, Ray moved into 
temporary accommodation and began 
rebuilding his confidence. 
After 11 months of uncertainty, Ray 
finally received the news he had been 
waiting for: a permanent social home. 
“Now I’m living proof of the impact 
of social housing. I wake up and I’m 
not in fear. I don’t have to wonder 
if I have somewhere to stay tonight.” 
Today, Ray lives with his guide dog 
Garcon, plays for the GB Blind Baseball 
team, and is working with Crisis’ 
Changing Lives programme and his 
Lloyds mentor to set up a charity 
bringing inclusive sports into schools. 
His story shows why a safe home is life-
changing, not just for individuals, but 
for communities. 
Through our partnerships with Crisis 
and Simon Community Northern 
Ireland, we have called for one million 
more homes at social rent in the next 
decade, so everyone has a secure place 
to call home. Learn more about our 
work to tackle homelessness and unlock 
opportunities for people like Ray. 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  17 
Purpose in action 
Partnering with 
Homewards to Tackle 
Homelessness 
In February 2025, the Group 
announced a pioneering partnership 
with Homewards, a programme led 
by HRH The Prince of Wales and 
The Royal Foundation. Homewards 
is dedicated to making homelessness 
rare, brief and unrepeated. This 
collaboration marks a significant 
step in addressing homelessness 
across the UK, combining financial 
support with our sector expertise. 
We have committed £50 million of 
new lending to support small- and 
medium-sized housing providers and 
charities. These organisations often 
face barriers in accessing finance for 
housing projects, particularly those 
that offer wrap-around support for 
individuals with complex needs. 
By working together, the Group and 
Homewards aim to break down these 
barriers, enabling more organisations 
to access funding that was previously 
unavailable to them. 
The new investment will be 
channelled into organisations 
operating in six flagship Homewards 
locations: Aberdeen, Bournemouth, 
Christchurch & Poole, Lambeth, 
Newport, Northern Ireland and 
Sheffield, alongside support for 
housing initiatives in the Liverpool 
City Region. 
Through the partnership we will work 
with Homewards to bring together 
local and regional government, not-
for-profits, and financial institutions 
to identify needs and key providers, 
creating clear pathways for financial 
support and expertise in these areas. 
A distinctive feature of this partnership 
is the provision of both funding and 
dedicated expertise. The Group is 
working with organisations to help 
build investment readiness, which 
can be particularly valuable for those 
receiving this type of funding for the 
first time. The ambition is to help 
these organisations to build, develop, 
or refurbish homes, including those for 
people with additional support needs. 
The partnership is also helping unlock 
more homes for models which combine 
accommodation with wrap-around 
support for those most in need. 
Ray with his Lloyds mentor, Craig, at 
the Yorkshire Three Peaks trek 2025, 
fundraising for Crisis 
SG 10.2 
By 2030, empower and promote 
the social, economic and political 
inclusion of all, irrespective of age, 
sex, disability, race, ethnicity, origin, 
religion or economic or other status. 
SDG 11.1 
By 2030, ensure access for all to 
adequate, safe and affordable 
housing. 
Link to strategy 
SDG 11.1 
By 2030, ensure access for all to 
adequate, safe and affordable 
housing. 
SDG 17.17 
Encourage and promote 
effective public, public-private 
and civil society partnerships. 
Link to strategy

[page 19]
Supporting the rental market 
The Group is working to improve quality in the private rented 
sector. In 2022, we published research in collaboration with 
Social Finance exploring how lenders can improve the private 
rented sector. The report concluded that a National Landlord 
Register in England would have a significant impact on 
housing quality and conditions for renters, and emphasised 
the golden opportunity to design the register in such a way 
that mortgage providers can use it to inform lending decisions 
and influence landlord behaviour. 
We have continued to build consensus across the industry and 
with political stakeholders, on the opportunity for mortgage 
providers to access and use the Private Rented Sector 
Database that will be introduced in England as part of the 
implementation of the Renters’ Rights Act. This will help 
ensure greater accountability for landlords in providing quality 
rental housing and a ‘one stop shop’ for relevant guidance on 
landlord obligations. For tenants it will increase transparency 
and the information available before they decide to rent 
a property and throughout their renting journey. 
Lloyds Living 
Renamed from Citra Living in 2024, the rental and shared 
ownership provider of Lloyds Banking Group celebrated its 
fourth anniversary. We now operate a growing portfolio of 
more than 5,450 professionally managed homes, improving 
access to high-quality, energy efficient housing across the UK, 
while acting as a source of income growth. 
Lloyds Living is working with leading housebuilders and 
developers to accelerate the delivery of housing for private 
rental. In 2025, we have continued working with a diverse 
group of house builders and development partners, including 
small and medium enterprises (SMEs), supporting their 
growth and enabling regional development. Since 
its founding in 2021, Lloyds Living has worked with 
14 partners, each working across multiple sites. 
Supporting landlords to be sustainable 
Through our BM1 Landlord Retrofit Tool in partnership with 
Energy Savings Trust, landlords receive a tailored action plan 
designed to fit their budget and identify practical upgrades 
to improve the energy efficiency of their properties. To date, 
nearly 1,400 landlords have used the tool to create personalised 
plans, access relevant government grants, and tap into energy 
company schemes to help finance improvements. 
Our business development managers continue to play 
a vital role in educating brokers on private rented sector 
regulations and emerging standards across the UK nations. 
In 2025, more than 400 brokers joined a dedicated webinar 
focused on regulatory changes. This year, we’ve also 
strengthened collaboration with professionals across 
the sector, bringing retrofit and regulatory expertise 
directly to landlord audiences. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Access to quality and affordable housing continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  18 
The impact of Lloyds Living’s investments 
and socio-economic footprint in 20252:
£560m 
invested in new homes 
96 
sites across the UK 
1,560 
new homes completed 
>900 
new homes in the 50% 
most deprived3 areas 
The impact of our investments 
on new homes 
£550m 
Gross value added (GVA) 
generated by associated 
construction activity (direct, 
indirect and induced) 
1,900 
Full time equivalent (FTE) 
construction jobs 
supported 
2,800 
FTE roles supported 
in the wider economy 
£23.2m 
in social value generated 
by employment 
opportunities 
The impact of our customers 
03 Improving the quality 
of the private rented sector 
1 BM Solutions is the buy-to-let brand of Lloyds Banking Group. 
2 The estimates of socio-economic impacts have been prepared by Lichfields based on publicly available information and information supplied by Lloyds Living and third 
parties. The analysis and interpretation of information and conclusions that have been reached are based on current conditions and views which may be subject to 
change. Lichfields has relied upon the accuracy of data and other information supplied without independent verification. The analysis draws upon and applies Lichfields’ 
proprietary methodologies. Estimates of economic impact and the underlying assumptions are illustrative and do not constitute forecasts. For the period 1 January 
to 31 December 2025. 
3 The Index of Multiple Deprivation (IMD) is the official measure of relative deprivation and combines information from the seven ‘domains’ of deprivation: income 
deprivation; employment deprivation; education, skills and training deprivation; health deprivation and disability; crime; barriers to housing and services; and living 
environment deprivation. Applies to England only.
£31.1m 
net additional expenditure 
from Lloyds Living customers 
in their local area 
£6.5m spent by new 
customers “making 
their house a home” 
£8.3m generated 
for local authorities 
in Council Tax receipts 
595 FTE jobs supported 
in the wider economy 
by customers’ expenditure 
£12.0m in social value 
generated by rental 
affordability savings 

[page 20]
Building new homes with MADE 
In 2024, MADE Partnership, a master developer partnership 
between the Group, Homes England and Barratt Redrow plc, 
was created in response to the demand for new homes 
across the country. As equal shareholders in this £150 million 
joint venture, the Group is working closely with Homes 
England and Barratt Redrow plc to oversee multiple large-
scale residential projects with a focus on community 
regeneration and place-based design. 
MADE Partnership was awarded Deal of the Year at the 
2025 RESI Awards and goes above and beyond solely 
housing – it covers roads, schools, green spaces and 
community infrastructure, designed to create cohesive 
and sustainable neighbourhoods. 
MADE signed its first agreement with Tameside Council 
to progress its flagship residential project, Godley Green 
Garden Village in Greater Manchester, with the aim of 
delivering up to 2,150 new homes. 
Following the early success of the partnership with Tameside 
Council, MADE has also entered into a similar agreement 
with Cheshire East Council to deliver the 1,500-home 
Handforth Garden Village. 
MADE is responsible for overseeing and managing the 
development of the garden villages, as well as delivering 
an ambitious social value strategy and ensuring robust long-
term stewardship is put in place. 
By working with private landowners, local authorities 
and other key public sector stakeholders, MADE continues 
to progress a tangible pipeline of large-scale residential 
development opportunities across England, with further 
announcements expected throughout 2026. 
Supporting small and medium housebuilders 
Housing Growth Partnership (HGP) is the Group’s equity 
investor focused on the UK housing sector. 
Awarded Specialist Financier of the Year at the 2025 RESI 
Awards, HGP invests patient capital – capital invested for 
a longer term – with the purpose of delivering social impact 
through partnership with selected residential developers 
and housebuilders to increase the number of homes being 
delivered, and help our partners grow. 
The RESI award recognises the key milestones achieved 
in 2024, which included supporting the delivery of 13,000-
plus new homes across the UK and committing millions 
in equity financing, as well as a 15% increase on 2023 
in new homes delivered. 
In March 2025, HGP completed its first project alongside 
PfP-igloo, a national place-making partnership between 
PfP Capital and Igloo Regeneration. The award-winning 
Dundashill development in Glasgow is a landmark scheme 
delivering 78 three- and four-bedroom homes utilising 
modular panels constructed offsite, and with all units 
achieving an EPC A rating. The homes incorporate advanced 
sustainability features, including solar panels, air source 
heat pumps and shower water recovery systems, and set 
a new benchmark for environmentally responsible housing. 
HGP has also invested in PfP-igloo’s Fruitmarket scheme, 
a 26-home sustainable development in a regeneration 
area of Nottingham, which will also target the same 
ESG credentials. 
Since inception in 2016, 
HGP has partnered with 
91 
developers across 
177 
schemes, committing to 
~15,000 
homes of which 
~5,500 
homes have been built and sold, 
with the balance of 
9,500 
in development 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Access to quality and affordable housing continued 
04 Supporting UK housebuilders to deliver quality and sustainable housing
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  19 


[page 21]
We continue to recognise the role we 
play in supporting homebuyers to make 
sustainable choices and homeowners 
to improve energy efficiency. 
We are committed to reducing barriers to retrofit and 
encouraging action through our new and existing 
propositions and partnerships, not only supporting the 
transition of UK housing to net zero, but supporting energy 
efficient homes that are cheaper to run for our customers. 
Since we relaunched our improved Halifax Green Living 
Reward/Lloyds Eco Home Reward in July 2024, offering 
home buyers, homeowners and home movers up to £2,000 
in cashback to improve their home’s energy efficiency, 
we have hit some significant milestones. In 2025, we have 
rewarded over 3,000 customers with over £3 million 
in cashback rewards. We also continue to provide a free 
EPC assessment for all customers that claim the cashback, 
not only to allow us to measure the impact of our energy 
efficiency improvements, but also to build a greater 
understanding on how improvements positively impact 
home emissions and bills. I
n October 2025, Lloyds Bank 
launched a market first offer, with the Bank covering 
the standard installation costs, above those covered 
by government grants, for an air source heat pump. 
The offer was available to qualifying customers who 
took out a new mortgage or switched deals and held 
or opened a Club Lloyds current account. 
In helping to support a move towards sustainable buildings, 
our Commercial Banking customers continue to retain free-
of-charge access to our Green Buildings Tool – a digital 
insights calculator that helps to identify and evaluate 
the estimated financial and environmental outcomes of 
potential investments to make properties more energy 
efficient. Since 2019, 2.4 billion square feet of real estate 
has been assessed using our Green Buildings Tool. We are 
improving the journey for customers to proactively share 
data with them in order to help them understand the 
impact on both the valuation of assets as well as the 
economic benefits of energy efficient buildings. 
Advancing Social Housing Sustainability 
Reporting 
As one of the largest funders of the UK housebuilding and 
social housing sectors, we support the industry to develop 
standards for more sustainable homes as well as providing 
finance and advisory support to help housebuilders and 
housing associations meet these standards, and to drive 
the adoption and evolution of relevant sustainability 
reporting frameworks. 
Since 2021, we have collaborated with Sustainability for 
Housing who provide guidance relating to the Sustainability 
Reporting Standards (SRS) for Social Housing in the UK. 
We also contribute to annual funder surveys and support the 
development of practical guidance for housing associations 
on aligning ESG reporting with transition planning. 
In 2025, we supported the transition of SRS data services 
to Housemark, the leading data and insight company for the 
UK housing sector, ensuring ESG disclosures are consistently 
measured and transparently communicated. We also 
contributed to sector webinars and advisory panels, 
promoting best practice and robust reporting standards 
to drive the housing sector’s net zero transition.
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Access to quality and affordable housing continued 
Supporting UK housebuilders to deliver quality and sustainable housing continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025 20 
Supporting our customers 
to make sustainable choices 
SDG 13.3 
Improve education, awareness-raising 
and human and institutional capacity 
on climate change mitigation, 
adaptation, impact reduction 
and early warning. 
Link to strategy 
Purpose in action 
A Partnership 
Driving Sustainable 
Futures 
The Group has played a 
pivotal role in supporting the 
housebuilder, Bellway, in its 
sustainability ambitions. 
As an Executive Committee member 
of the NextGeneration initiative, 
Lloyds contributed to Bellway’s initial 
membership to help enhance its 
sustainability disclosures – which 
saw Bellway being awarded 
NextGeneration’s Innovation Award 
for its Future Hub at Barton Quarter. 
This is an industry-leading project to 
share expertise about low-carbon 
technologies including air source heat 
pumps and help homebuilders deliver 
the changes required at scale to meet 
net zero targets. 
Another award-winning carbon 
reduction project is The Future Home 
at Energy House 2.0. Partnering with 
the University of Salford, Bellway built 
a home supporting groundbreaking 
research, testing future building 
standards within a climate-controlled 
chamber. Early test results have 
indicated that air source heat pumps 
are capable of heating homes for less 
than £2 per day. 
Bellway remains committed to a just 
transition, with a strong focus on social 
impact. It is great to see how Bellway 
has also partnered with Regeneration 
Brainery to advance skills development 
and promoting equality, diversity and 
inclusion (EDI) within the sector. 
This case study highlights both Bellway’s 
achievements and the kind of close 
collaboration with our clients that we 
at Lloyds seek to foster as we facilitate 
a real-economy transition to net zero. 
Bellway’s journey to net zero is anchored 
in its ‘Better with Bellway’ strategy, 
targeting full decarbonisation across all 
scopes by 2045. The company is aligning 
with the Future Homes hub Transition 
guidance and plans to publish its 
Transition Plan in 2026. 
Bellway’s plan has been reviewed 
and guided by Lloyds’ internal Client 
Transition Plan (CTP) team and 
its assessment methodology
1. 
1 For more information on our Client Transition Plan process see page 82.

[page 22]
In 2024, we renewed our three-year 
partnership with not-for-profit 
Regeneration Brainery to help tackle 
the skills and diversity challenges 
facing the property industry. 
Regeneration Brainery is an award-winning social enterprise 
looking to nurture and attract the next generation of talent 
into the property and construction sectors, enhancing social 
mobility of young adults from underrepresented 
backgrounds across the UK. 
During 2025, Regeneration Brainery has worked with over 
1,000 students – or Brainees – to find hands-on work 
experience, networking opportunities and mentors with 
industry professionals and providing work-ready training. 
Of Regeneration Brainery’s Class of 2025, 51% were female, 
72% from ethnic minority backgrounds and 78% of the 
students had at least one characteristic associated with 
barriers to social mobility. 
Over the last nine years a third of its students have now 
joined the industry in employment and a further 40% are in 
education specifically working towards entering the industry. 
Nine week-long Brainery programmes were delivered across 
seven cities this year, with plans to expand into Newcastle, 
Bristol, Wales and Scotland in 2026. We continue to 
champion the work of Regeneration Brainery, and are 
delighted to have colleague representation on their newly 
established advisory board to support the further expansion 
of the programme. 
Michele Steel, CEO of Regeneration Brainery said: 
“Lloyds has been active with the Regeneration Brainery 
programme since the beginning. From day one, the Lloyds 
team has been a driving force behind Regeneration Brainery, 
helping shape not only the programme but the futures of 
the young people within it. Your commitment runs deep –
 Lloyds goes the extra mile. We often say that change 
doesn’t happen overnight. With Lloyds, it has happened 
with consistency. Your support has helped us grow from 
a regional initiative into a national movement – empowering 
young people from all backgrounds to explore and step 
confidently into careers in the built environment. We’ve seen 
lives change, barriers fall and potential unlocked – and this 
is only the beginning. From Manchester to London, and 
anywhere we go, you continue to set the standard for what 
a meaningful partnership looks like. We’re proud of this 
relationship and we can’t wait to keep building together 
into 2026 and far beyond.”
Real Estate Balance: advocating for equity, 
diversity and inclusion 
Our partnership with Real Estate Balance has continued in 2025 
in response to our clients expressing a need for more information 
on how to address equity, diversity and inclusion in UK real 
estate and its associated sectors. Real Estate Balance has 
a particular focus on gender, ethnicity and social background 
and works closely with the industry to support its members 
in making cultural changes and identifying best practices, 
contributing to the enhanced performance of the industry. 
This year we have focused on an ‘Attract and Retain’ theme 
to highlight the need for the UK real estate sector to ensure 
it is actively recruiting from as diverse a pool of candidates 
as possible and creating supportive environments to promote 
successful careers in the industry. 
The UK Green Buildings Council (UKGBC) 
Programme partnership 
At the start of 2023, Lloyds was invited to be one of three 
Organisational Programme Partners of the UKGBC, in 
recognition for being leaders in our strategy and activities 
relating to creating a greener built environment. As a result, 
we participate in the UKGBC’s key programmes across 
learning and leadership, advancing net zero, resilience and 
nature and regenerative places. This close relationship with 
the UKGBC continues to underpin the education, products 
and propositions we develop for our customers, giving us 
access to the latest research and resources and a trusted 
sounding board comprising experts in the field. In an 
evolution of our collaboration this year, Lloyds and UKGBC 
partnered at COP to spotlight on transitioning the built 
environment and the critical role of natural capital in 
a changing climate. 
Purpose in action 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Access to quality and affordable housing continued 
Supporting UK housebuilders to deliver quality and sustainable housing continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025 21 
SDG 12.6 
Encourage companies to adopt sustainable practices 
and integrate sustainability information into their 
reporting cycle. 
Link to strategy 
Industry partnerships and supporting skills development
H
ill Group’s KPIs for a 
Sustainable Future
Award-winning housebuilder Hill was an early adopter of 
sustainable finance in the housebuilder sector when it 
appointed Lloyds to support the launch of its inaugural 
sustainability-linked loan (SLL) in 2021. The SLL featured 
key performance indicators (KPIs) relating to scopes 1-3, 
biodiversity net gain and its NextGeneration benchmark 
rating (see page 20
  for details).
Following significant progress and technical learnings 
through its own developments and partnerships with 
the public sector Hill has refreshed its strategy. In 2025 
Lloyds co-ordinated its second SLL with Hill, reflecting 
their matured sustainability thinking, expected 
regulatory standards and preparation for their transition. 
This is reflected through the refreshed KPI structure 
including a new social value KPI delivered through 
ambitious apprenticeship targets.
Our second SLL represents the next stage in Hill’s 
sustainability journey, informed by the lessons 
we’ve learned across our projects and partnerships. 
The strengthened KPIs align with evolving regulatory 
expectations, while the new social value target 
underscores our commitment to supporting 
apprenticeships and meaningful opportunities 
for local communities.”
Andrew Day
Sustainability Director at Hill
 

[page 23]
Empowering 
a prosperous 
future 
The financial health and confidence of the UK 
population and businesses are key in building 
sustainable prosperity for all. 
In this section 
Securely managing everyday financial needs 24 
As an integrated financial services provider in the 
UK we are committed to leveraging our position 
and work with partners to support customers, 
27 
businesses and communities to build their financial 
security and freedom, provide them with fitting 
31 
financial services, achieve their aspirations, and 
unlock opportunities to thrive, while utilising the 
power of data, technology and digital channels. 
33 
Empowering people and businesses to plan 
and achieve their ambitions and growth
Building towards secure, independent futures 
for UK people and businesses 
Unlocking opportunities through financial and 
digital capability and inclusion 
From accessible education and guidance, through 
inclusive services, digitally enabled tools and 
tailored support to underrepresented groups, 
to varied data-led product offerings, we empower 
people and businesses to make informed choices 
and pursue their goals, thrive and grow. In doing 
so, we are building a more resilient customer 
and client base for the Group and driving a more 
inclusive economic growth. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  22 
Sustainable Development Goals 
See our full reporting suite on 
the sustainability page of our website.

[page 24]
Objectives Highlight Our impac t 
£8.2bn 
of interest paid to savers in 2025 
Linked to
 strategy 
01 
Securely managing 
everyday financial needs 
80% 
of customers who enter collections 
are back 
to financial health within 
a month 
See page  24 
Grow 
Focus 
>500k
customers improving their credit 
score eac
h quarter through using 
your cred
it score 
02 
Empowering people 
and businesses to plan 
and achieve their 
ambitions and growth 
delivered 
>38,000
hours of targeted support to >9,000 black, 
women and disabled entrepreneurs 
See page  27 
Grow 
03 
Building towards 
secure and independent 
futures for UK people 
and businesses 
>7k
Ready-Made pension accounts opened 
since lau
nch with 27% for customers under 
the age o
f 35 years old 
41% 
of accounts opened by those who are self-
employed, helping those considered most at 
risk of not having sufficient pensions to meet 
basic standards of livings at retirement 
See page  31 
Grow 
>20,000
lessons completed through Doshi 
that uses
 gamification to make 
financial
 education engaging 
and impac
tful 
04 
Unlocking opportunities 
through financial and digital 
capability and inclusion 
>71,000
Small businesses have accessed our 
Lloyds Bank Academy financial and 
digital capability resources 
See page  33 
Focus 
Change 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Empowering a prosperous future continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025 23 
Pillar objectives, 
highlights 
and impact 
We
 help Britain prosper by giving 
people and businesses the right 
financial solutions and tools 
to thrive, grow and have a more 
prosperous future. 

[page 25]
Our aim is to help people and businesses 
build their financial security so that 
they don’t need to fear what tomorrow 
may bring. We are constantly evolving 
and developing new products, tools 
and experiences, and building these 
entirely around our customers’ needs 
to financially empower them for today 
and tomorrow. Our support and services 
are available to our customers in a 
multi-channel way, ensuring they can 
rely on us in everyday or specific and 
challenging situations. 
In 2025, we enhanced the way we 
support our customers. We created 
new products, services and experiences 
built entirely around customer needs, 
to financially empower them. 
Supporting our customers to save 
We’re proud to help Britain save. In 2025, we managed 
32 million savings accounts for 18 million customers, and 
this year alone we’ve opened over 3.5 million new accounts. 
Last tax year, more than 2.8 million customers chose one 
of our brands for their ISA contributions as we encouraged 
the nation to think ISA first. At peak, a new ISA was 
opened every eight seconds, and together we’ve 
supported £7.5 billion in tax-free savings this year. 
We’ve made saving simpler and smarter. Our first in-app 
journey now lets customers give us their instructions on fixed 
savings directly, making it easier than ever for customers to 
manage their money. Our new ‘one click’ onboarding journey 
has cut screens from six to one, helping us open over a 
million accounts since launch. 
We’ve also made saving more accessible for families. 
Our new MBNA fixed maturities journey and bite-sized 
onboarding steps give customers confidence in the actions 
they take. In May, we simplified eligibility for Smart Start 
and Money Smart accounts so parents only need a current 
account with us to open an account for their child. Every 
step we take is about empowering customers to save with 
confidence and convenience. 
Products and tools 
We have focused on designing products and services that 
solve some of our customers’ most underserved needs, 
like finding unclaimed benefits or switching bills. 
In 2024 we expanded our financial empowerment tools 
through our mobile banking app with the launch of the 
Benefits Calculator and Bill Switcher. 
We are also utilising various educational tools and 
platforms to equip our customers and communities with 
the knowledge to empower them to make decisions that 
result in the most prosperous outcomes for themselves. 
Benefits Calculator 
Data from Lloyds Banking Group and Policy in Practice 
shows that over seven million households across the 
UK are missing out on £24 billion in benefits each year. 
Through our Benefits Calculator customers can find 
benefits and grants they could be eligible for. 
Since the launch of the Benefits Calculator in 2024, 
more than four million customers have engaged with 
it, with eligible people receiving over £93 million in 
previously unclaimed benefits. Benefits Calculator, 
in collaboration with InBest, won Best Bank and 
Fintech Partnership at the 2025 Banking Tech Awards. 
Our ambition is to put at least £500 million in people’s 
pockets, remaining focused on supporting the growth 
of a resilient customer base. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Empowering a prosperous future continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  24 
Putting more money in customers’ pockets 
01 Securely 
managing 
everyday 
financial needs

[page 26]
Our specialist support teams are here 
to help when customers need extra care 
and tailored support. This reflects our 
commitment to meeting individual 
needs and doing what matters most for 
every customer. Colleagues can refer 
customers to these teams, ensuring 
those who need additional help are 
quickly connected to the right expertise. 
It’s a collaborative approach that puts 
customers first and makes sure they get 
the support that’s right for them. 
Trusted persons 
The Trusted Person Card and Trusted Person Alerts provide 
extra support for customers needing help with their finances. 
The card allows friends, family and carers to assist with 
everyday purchases and cash access using a separate card 
and PIN. Trusted Person Alerts let customers choose 
someone to receive text updates about their account 
activity without granting access to make payments or 
view balances, ensuring privacy and security. 
We also offer ‘speak on behalf’ for customers who would like 
an informal agreement for a trusted person (such as a family 
member or friend) to speak on their behalf. 
Domestic and financial abuse 
Our Domestic and Financial Abuse team has supported 
more than 18,600 victim-survivors since 2019 in rebuilding 
their financial independence. Colleagues receive specialist 
training from the charity Surviving Economic Abuse, enabling 
them to provide tailored assistance that meets individual 
needs. Where additional help is required, the team signposts 
customers to domestic abuse charities for emotional 
and practical support and accepts direct referrals from 
those organisations. 
In collaboration with experts, we have strengthened our 
domestic abuse training module to deepen colleagues’ 
understanding of domestic and financial abuse and ensure 
they are equipped to offer the right support to customers. 
Throughout 2025, we have supported c.5,400 victim-
survivors of domestic and financial abuse. 
Customers are able to seek support by calling us, using 
our secure messaging system via our websites, or requesting 
a call-back from one of our dedicated case handlers. 
Our specialist support teams provided dedicated 
support to all customers affected by: 
Domestic and financial abuse – offering tailored 
support to empower customers in regaining financial 
control including opening new accounts, separation 
of joint bank accounts, supporting with debt and more. 
Bereaved customers – supporting with practical 
and money-related matters following the death 
of a loved one. 
Representative access – where the customer or 
their representative needs support to manage their 
accounts with us due to a serious health condition, loss 
of mental capacity, or future planning for when they 
are no longer able to manage their own accounts
1.
Serious illness and ill health – provision of fee 
suppressions, waiver of fees and charges, payment 
holidays and more. 
1 This includes exceptional circumstances where the customer has lost 
mental capacity with no legal instruction in place. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Empowering a prosperous future continued 
Securely managing everyday financial needs continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  25 
Empowering our customers in all circumstances


[page 27]
Customers can access support to 
help manage their money or financial 
wellbeing through multiple channels 
In the moments that matter, we play a key role in supporting 
customers and communities, particularly those who might 
be having difficulty in managing their money. By offering 
tailored solutions and access to essential digital and financial 
skills, we’re empowering individuals to regain control of their 
financial wellbeing. This support ensures customers have 
the tools and knowledge they need to navigate challenging 
financial circumstances and life events, fostering resilience 
and promoting long-term financial stability. 
Throughout 2025, we have helped customers in financial 
difficulty across over 500,000 accounts by offering tailored 
solutions that meet their needs and help them on the path 
to financial resilience. 
We provide support across multiple channels to meet our 
customers’ needs. We handle calls and follow clear pathways 
to assist customers. Additionally, appointment-based 
support is available in branch. Through our Lloyds Bank, 
Halifax and Bank of Scotland branches, customers can 
book an appointment with a specially trained colleague 
who can help with any money worries. We also had more 
than 2,400 colleagues helping to provide financial assistance 
to customers in financial difficulty through tailored services 
and products. 
We offer customers in financial difficulty easily 
accessible support, either over the phone or 
online, through: 
• Allowing time to seek support: We can offer 
credit card, loans and overdraft customers 
who need time to seek support and guidance 
a temporary pause on all interest and fees, 
with no contact regarding payment during 
that period 
• Repayment plans: Mortgage, motor, credit 
card, overdraft and loan customers are able 
to discuss a range of support options, including 
allowing more time for repayment or making 
reduced payments for a period of time 
• Consolidating debts: Credit card, loans and 
overdraft customers can consolidate their 
outstanding debt into a lower interest loan 
• Changing products: We offer customers the 
option to secure a new mortgage rate up to 
four months in advance, which provides more 
flexibility and choice. If these rates fall during 
those four months, customers can then switch 
again to the lower rate. Customers on a 
variable rate, whether they’re up to date on 
payments or not, can switch to a new fixed rate 
• Mortgage Charter: We remain committed 
to the Mortgage Charter measures and have 
enhanced our customer journeys to enable 
customers to get the support they need 
Key resources to support customers 
Our Money Worries and Money Management website 
pages across our Lloyds, Halifax, Bank of Scotland 
and MBNA brands are an invaluable resource for 
the over 760,000 annual visitors. 
1. Money Worries pages provide guidance for 
customers likely to be in financial difficulty or 
concerned about keeping up with payments, 
including the ability to directly access tailored 
solutions to help get back to financial health. 
2. Money Management pages contain resources, 
tools and tips to help customers stay on track 
and manage their finances. 
3. External signposting to organisations such as 
StepChange, which provide independent help 
and debt advice as well as support with income 
maximisation. 
Support tool for customers 
in vulnerable circumstances 
Throughout 2025, we have continued with our 
commitment to supporting both colleagues and 
customers in vulnerable situations. Our continued 
expansion of this tool helped us offer appropriate 
solutions based on the impacts and needs identified, 
empowering colleagues to have meaningful 
conversations with customers about their 
circumstances. 
This tool was accessed over 32,600 times in 2025 
highlighting the importance of providing colleagues with 
the knowledge and tools to serve our customers. Where 
we are unable to help, where appropriate we will look to 
signpost or refer to external organisations and partners, 
providing customers with additional support. 
>760k 
annual visitors to our Money Worries and 
Money Management pages in 2025 
Understanding the unique needs 
of our customers 
We know every customer is different, and we’re committed 
to understanding and meeting those needs. That’s why we’ve 
added features to our online and mobile banking that let 
customers tell us what support works best for them, whether 
that’s receiving letters in a specific format, or letting us know 
about speech difficulties or the use of British Sign Language. 
Customers can share their requirements with us in person, 
online or over the phone. In 2025, more than 2.2 million 
support needs were recorded across our channels, helping 
us provide the right support when it matters most. 
By recording and sharing these needs with the right teams, 
we make sure customers don’t have to repeat difficult 
conversations. It’s a practical step that saves time and shows 
empathy for every experience. 
Accreditations and awards 
Throughout 2025 Lloyds Bank, Halifax and Bank of 
Scotland has retained the ‘Advanced’ rating through 
its ‘Mental Health Accessible’ programme for banks 
and essential services. The programme aims to improve 
outcomes for customers living with mental health 
challenges, helping to break the link between financial 
difficulty and mental health problems. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Empowering a prosperous future continued 
Securely managing everyday financial needs continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  26 
Helping to 
navigate financial 
challenges 
through multi-
channel support

[page 28]
Our aim is to provide financial 
propositions and services that will help 
people and businesses achieve their 
ambitions and goals: from saving for 
a specific objective, through managing 
credit profiles to be able to borrow 
responsibly, to accessing the right 
information, networks and finance 
that will empower businesses to start 
up, grow and fulfil their potential. 
Your Credit Score 
Your Credit Score, a free service provided in partnership 
with TransUnion, empowers customers with up-to-date 
insight into their credit information, what’s affecting their 
credit score, and hints and tips to improve it over time. 
Launched in September 2021, we now have recorded 
more than 12 million registered users. 
Every quarter, we consistently see over 500k customers 
improve their score band, which can make it easier for 
them to make big financial steps such as getting car finance 
or buying a home. The tool provides suggested actions 
customers can take to help improve their score as well 
as see what might happen if they take steps such as 
opening a credit card. 
Customers who don’t yet have a credit history or are new to 
the UK can now register their interest to review their score and 
credit report. We’ll reach out to them once it’s made available 
in the app so they don’t need to keep coming back to check. 
This year it has been easier for customers to spot anything 
that doesn’t look right and might have a negative impact 
on their score – seeing what hard searches have been made 
on their credit profile is a really good indicator of this and 
potential fraud. 
If something doesn’t look right, customers can easily report 
this to the credit bureau, TransUnion – over 51k customers 
in 2025 took proactive steps to make sure their information 
is correct. 
Since its launch in 2021, the tool has helped customers find 
and secure the right borrowing choice for them, with >500k 
lending needs met via Your Credit Score. 
Simplifying shared financial management 
We have teamed up with Lumio, the innovative money app, 
aimed at transforming how people manage their shared 
finances. Lumio’s cutting-edge app allows couples or other 
people who manage a household budget together, to 
manage their finances in a shared space, track shared 
expenses and save together towards common financial goals. 
We invited selected Lloyds Bank customers to trial the app and 
enjoy three months free access to Lumio Couples Pro, Lumio’s 
premium package, typically priced at £4.49 per month. 
Purpose in action 
Advance Credit Card 
A strong credit history can make the difference in realising 
life goals – whether that’s buying a car, your first home, or 
taking control of your finances. Taking that first step into 
credit can be daunting. Advance makes building a credit 
score simple and rewarding, using our expertise to give 
those in the early stages of their credit journey, the right 
tools and education. 
Advance is built for our current account customers 
who previously fell outside of cards’ risk appetite. These 
individuals pass affordability checks but lack deep credit 
histories, often younger customers or those new to 
borrowing. We’re offering a tailored solution that 
promotes responsible credit use and financial confidence. 
Key features of the card include: 
• Tailored support: Access to jargon-free resources via 
a knowledge hub online to help customers understand 
credit and build money skills 
• No foreign transaction fees: Spend abroad without 
extra charges 
• £20 reward: When customers keep their account 
up to date during the first six months 
• One interest rate: To make it simple to understand 
Advance is an example of how we are helping our 
customers feel empowered with their finances, 
supporting a group th
at has been overlooked in the 
market. It deepens engagement with our customer base, 
and supports our broader goals of sustainable profitability 
and inclusive financial wellbeing. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Empowering a prosperous future continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  27 
Helping customers realise their goals 
>500k 
customers improved their credit score 
band each quarter in 2025 
SDG 8.10 
Strengthen the capacity of domestic financial institutions 
to encourage and expand access to banking, insurance 
and financial services for all. 
Link to strategy 
02 Empowering 
people and 
businesses to 
plan and achieve 
their ambitions 
and growth

[page 29]
Businesses and entrepreneurs are the 
driving force behind the UK economy. 
Our role is to support businesses at 
every stage, helping them to grow 
sustainably in every region and sector 
of the UK. In 2025, Lloyds Bank has 
supported the aspirations of more 
than 1 million businesses
1. 
Building on this, we focus additional support on business 
communities that face the greatest structural and socio-
economic barriers. In 2025, through our partner network, 
we delivered more than 38,000 hours of targeted support 
to over 9,000 Black, women and disabled entrepreneurs. 
Research shows that breaking down barriers to underserved 
entrepreneurs would yield significant economic returns. It is 
estimated that closing the ‘enterprise gap’ could unlock an 
additional £250 billion in economic value from women-led 
businesses, £230 billion from disabled entrepreneurs and 
£75 billion from ethnic minority-led businesses. These figures 
underline why targeted support matters – not just socially, 
but also economically. 
We use research and evidence to continuously strengthen 
our business ecosystem, ensuring our initiatives drive real, 
systemic change for customers. To achieve this, we work 
with our partners, networks and communities to co-create 
and deliver meaningful, sustainable outcomes. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Empowering a prosperous future continued 
Empowering people and businesses to plan and achieve their ambitions and growth continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025 28 
Empowering 
businesses and 
entrepreneurs 
Little Soap 
Company 
Purpose in action In 2008, Emma was inspired by her 
grandmother to create a range of 
natural, pure soaps that are kind to 
both the skin and planet. Starting small 
and selling at local farmers’ markets, 
Little Soap Company quickly grew, 
entering the supermarkets some six 
months later and gradually scaled 
to become the household brand that 
it is today. 
The soaring success of Little 
Soap Company is down to the 
drive and dedication of founder 
Emma Heathcote-James, who 
has built an international body 
care business navigating the 
world with autism and ADHD. 
Little Soap Company is a proud B Corp 
and the recipient of numerous accolades. 
From organic soaps to haircare, skincare 
and even a line of pet shampoos, Little 
Soap Company is listed in all major UK 
retailers including Tesco, Sainsbury’s, 
Waitrose, Morrisons and WHSmith. The 
company is also expanding into new 
markets overseas. 
Emma recognises Lloyds Bank for being 
a banking provider that “understands 
the brand and how to work with us”. 
That longstanding relationship is also 
supporting the next chapter in 
Emma’s journey. 
The funding package from 
Lloyds supported the firm’s 
investment in new software 
to automate forecasting 
and order fulfilment, which 
was instrumental in the 
company's growth, enabling 
more efficient processing of 
orders and better integration 
with manufacturing.” 
Emma Heathcote-James 
Founder, Little Soap Company 
SDG 8.10 
Strengthen the capacity of 
domestic financial institutions to 
encourage and expand access to 
banking, insurance and financial 
services for all. 
SDG 10.2 
By 2030, empower and promote 
the social, economic, and political 
inclusion of all, irrespective of age, 
sex, disability, race, ethnicity, origin, 
religion, or economic or other status. 
Link to strategy 
As Steering Board Members of the ‘Lilac Review’, we helped 
build evidence of the barriers faced by disabled business 
owners and to shape recommendations for government, 
finance providers and business support. Disabled founders 
represent 25% of small business owners in the UK, but 
account for only 8.6% of turnover, a gap we’re committed 
to helping close as a founding signatory of the Disability 
Finance Code for Entrepreneurship. 
Building on the findings of the Lilac Review, we launched the 
Lilac Centre together with Small Business Britain and other 
Founding Partners. This is the UK’s first flagship business 
incubator dedicated to advancing the success of disabled 
entrepreneurs. Through the Lilac Centre, we are facilitating 
a series of networking events, masterclasses, and mentorship 
programmes for disabled business owners.
We also continue our pledge to create equal opportunities 
for women entrepreneurs, particularly via the ‘Investing in 
Women Code’ and the Invest in Women Taskforce. 
Research shows that Women entrepreneurs are particularly 
underrepresented in high-growth sectors. As such, we 
have dedicated specific resources to supporting women in 
sectors that are of critical importance to the UK economy. 
For example, we have proudly sponsored the Women in 
Manufacturing conference for three consecutive years 
and are collaborating on the sector’s “35 by 35” vision 
to increase women’s representation in the manufacturing 
sector to 35% by 2035.
In 2025, we also shared our ‘Black Entrepreneurs Programme 
Progress Report’, detailing our journey over the last three 
years in providing tailored support to strengthen Black 
entrepreneurs’ trust in banks and address barriers that 
impact their ability to scale. In collaboration with our Black 
Business Advisory Committee and partners such as Channel 
4, Black Business Magazine, and the UK Black Business Show, 
we are continuing to elevate the voices of this community 
whilst delivering support that is both relevant and responsive 
to their needs.
1 Figure includes clubs, charities and societies.

[page 30]
Access to finance 
From the early direction and funding needed by newer 
entrepreneurs, to supporting larger companies and 
enterprises as they expand and grow, we support SMEs 
to scale and create new jobs across the country. 
Limited access to finance is often cited as a significant 
barrier for businesses, particularly those from under-
served business owner groups. In May 2025, 57% of disabled 
entrepreneurs said access to finance was their most critical 
support need over the next 12 months. Lloyds Bank is 
committed to breaking down barriers faced by disabled 
entrepreneurs by co-creating financial solutions and 
networks that address their unique challenges. 
As founding signatories, we played a pivotal role in 
delivering the baseline report for the Disability Finance 
Code for Entrepreneurship (DFCE) in 2025. The report 
set out a series of recommendations for financial institutions 
to unlock opportunities for disabled entrepreneurs which 
we are actively implementing. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Empowering a prosperous future continued 
Empowering people and businesses to plan and achieve their ambitions and growth continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025 29
Purpose in action
Translate 
Culture 
Founded in 2019 by Masibu Manima, 
Translate Culture provides end-to-end 
solutions to help organisations maximise 
their growth potential. 
The pandemic hit, which looked like 
it could end the business before it even 
got started, but Masibu’s e-commerce 
expertise proved to be his saving grace. 
Throughout the pandemic, the business 
sky-rocketed and Masibu began working 
with bigger brands. 
In 2023, Translate Culture were unable 
to secure finance through traditional 
high-street banks as they had a limited 
accounting history. To meet rising 
client demand responsibly, they got 
Community Development Financial 
Institution (CDFI) funding to enable 
recruitment, strengthen delivery 
capability and maintain the momentum 
of their early expansion. 
Throughout the duration of the loan, 
they maintained consistent repayments, 
demonstrating both financial stability 
and commitment. When the funding 
term approached renewal, the CDFI 
advised that, based on performance 
and increased maturity as a business, 
a high-street bank would be able to 
offer a more affordable loan product. 
Following this guidance, they 
approached Lloyds Bank and 
successfully secured a £50,000 
loan. Lloyds Bank funding played a 
significant role in enabling Translate 
Culture to scale internationally, 
enhance operational efficiency and 
build a more resilient business model. 
Translate Culture has since grown 
with its clients, adding c.£100,000 
in revenue each year since launch. 
The progression from CDFI support 
to Lloyds Bank lending illustrates how 
inclusive finance pathways can unlock 
long-term prosperity, with Lloyds 
Bank playing a key role in enabling 
businesses to access the right funding 
at the right time to scale their business. 
SDG 8.3 
Promote development-oriented 
policies that support productive 
activities, decent job creation, 
entrepreneurship, creativity and 
innovation, and encourage the 
formalization and growth of 
micro-, small- and medium-sized 
enterprises, including through 
access to financial services. 
SDG 8.10 
Strengthen the capacity of 
domestic financial institutions to 
encourage and expand access to 
banking, insurance and financial 
services for all. 
Link to strategy 
In 2025, we created a customer panel of disabled 
entrepreneurs to review our lending j
ourney. Their feedback 
drove changes that made our language clearer and more 
inclusive for business owners of all backgrounds. We also 
commenced a partnership with Gusto Research to establish 
a 400-person panel of disabled entrepreneurs to ensure our 
products and services better meet the needs of disabled 
people while enhancing the experience for our entire 
customer base in 2026 and beyond. 
Alongside the direct support we provide to businesses, we 
are equally committed to helping entrepreneurs grow and 
scale through other parts of our ecosystem. Through our 
partnerships, we have supported early-stage entrepreneurs 
to secure access to grant funding worth over £50,000 
in 2025. 
I
n addition to this, we unlock access to finance through 
strategic partnerships for entrepreneurs across different 
regions of the UK. In 2025, we extended our sponsorship 
of The Lifted Project (now The Whole Point) through to 
June 2027, reinforcing our belief in data-driven, regionally 
focused approaches to unlocking capital for high-growth 
women founders. The project has driven the creation of 
regional growth boards in Scotland, Newcastle, Leeds, 
Liverpool and Birmingham, and launched initiatives like 
the Built to Rise Accelerator in Leeds, designed to scale 
ambition and investment readiness. 
We have also piloted new mechanisms to strengthen 
access to finance for early-stage businesses. Through a 
referral scheme connecting entrepreneurs with Community 
Development Finance Initiatives (CDFIs) – small, non-profit 
lenders that provide vital funding to businesses not yet ready 
for traditional financial institutions – we have referred 
78 businesses, with loan requests ranging from £25,001 
to £250,000. These initiatives are unlocking ambition and 
growth in underserved regions, ensuring that local businesses 
could thrive and contribute to regional productivity. 

[page 31]
Access to skills 
To truly empower our customers, we go beyond 
strengthening access to finance, offering a broader range of 
resources and support, recognising that access to finance is 
one of several critical components to sustainable business 
growth. For this reason, we have also provided specific 
programmes dedicated towards equipping businesses 
with skills essential to their long-term performance. 
In 2025, we strengthened our partnership with Foundervine 
through a curated programme of Accelerators, pitch nights 
and interactive networking delivered across London and 
Birmingham. Two eight-week Accelerators supported 50 high-
growth Black entrepreneurs, strengthening operational 
capabilities, expanding trusted networks, creating jobs and 
supporting pathways to long-term sustainable growth. Building 
on this delivery, the Foundervine Breakthrough Accelerator 
launched in Q4 2025, designed to support 25 Disabled 
Entrepreneurs with the skills and networks required to scale. 
To read more about how Lloyds Bank Academy is supporting 
businesses from underrepresented communities see 
page 35. 
>71,000 
small businesses have accessed our Lloyds Bank 
Academy business skills resources 
Access to information 
We have launched three online hubs, which collectively have 
attracted over 33k unique clicks in 2025. These hubs have 
proved a vital resource for underserved business owner 
groups, featuring case studies, practical guides and 
signposting to support them at every stage of their 
entrepreneurial journey. You can visit our hubs via: 
• Black Entrepreneurs Hub
• Disabled Entrepreneurs Hub
• Women Entrepreneurs Hub
We also continue to be the headline sponsors of Black Business 
Magazine (BBM). BBM addresses a recommendation from the 
Black. British. In Business & Proud report to amplify the stories 
of successful Black business owners. 
Access to networks 
Throughout 2025, we have made significant progress in 
enhancing access to networks. We have dedicated specific 
resource to building out opportunities for underserved 
business owner groups to build networks and showcase their 
value, allowing them to connect with new partners and build 
their customer base, recognising the untapped economic 
potential they offer. Through large scale networking events, 
we have reached over 5k underserved entrepreneurs. 
Key highlights include: 
Naidex: 
We were headline sponsors 
of ‘Naidex’ this year – the UK’s 
largest conference for the 
Disabled community, attracting 
over 12,000 annual visitors, 
including over 1,000 
entrepreneurs. As part of 
Naidex, we introduced Elevate, 
the first UK pitch competition 
for Disabled entrepreneurs. 
Out of more than 60 impressive 
entries, four entrepreneurs 
were selected to pitch their 
businesses live on stage at 
Naidex, facing a panel of expert 
judges. The winner and runner-
up each received grant funding 
and tailored mentoring support 
to help accelerate their ventures. 
Disability Means Business: 
We have launched a bold new 
campaign in partnership with 
Purple Goat agency – Disability 
Means Business – challenging 
stereotypes and raising visibility 
of Disabled entrepreneurs as 
drivers of innovation and growth. 
The campaign has already 
achieved over 350,000 organic 
social media views, signalling 
strong engagement and 
momentum. 
Black in Business initiative: 
We launched the second year of our Black 
in Business initiative, in partnership with 
Channel 4, in which the total TV advertising 
pot was increased to £600,000. Four Black-
led businesses won a bespoke TV advert, 
which aired for the first time in summer 
2025. The winners have also been personally 
supported by members of the Group’s 
Executive Committee and have reported 
significant commercial uplifts with one 
reporting more than a 60% increase in orders. 
Black Business Show: 
As part of the Black Business 
Show in Birmingham and 
London, we backed the 
Launchpad pitching competition 
and delivered on-the-day 
mentoring and business support 
to attendees. More than 19,000 
people attended the two events 
– 4,600 of which were 
entrepreneurs – and through 
Launchpad, we provided 
opportunities for eight business 
owners to showcase themselves 
in front of hundreds of potential 
customers, investors and 
business partners. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Empowering a prosperous future continued 
Empowering people and businesses to plan and achieve their ambitions and growth continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  30

[page 32]
We want our customers, clients and 
communities to be equipped with the 
right tools, guidance and propositions 
to build a financially more secure 
and sustainable future. 
As a financial services provider, integrating banking, 
investment and pensions offerings, we are in a unique 
position to help our customers navigate the complexities of 
long-term financial planning. We are focusing on providing 
accessible insurance, protection, investments and pensions 
products and also innovative forms of education to help 
engage our customers and communities more broadly. 
Our annual retirement reports have identified the different 
areas that impact our customers and their communities’ long-
term security. They have also identified the ways we can 
support to reduce inequality and insecurity in those areas. 
We offer a range of Insurance products to enable our 
customers to protect what matters to them most, this 
is across Home, Health, Motor and Pet insurance. With 
accessible products and digital journeys, our customers 
can tailor the product to their requirements. 
Retirement Report 
In our flagship thought leadership report series this year we 
focused on financial empowerment as an overarching theme. 
We saw that the number of people in the UK who are not on 
track for a minimum retirement lifestyle is growing, and over 
half know they aren’t saving enough for retirement. In this 
year’s Retirement Report, we highlighted certain groups who 
face particularly daunting retirement prospects including 
Generation Z (those in their twenties), middle-income 
earners and the self-employed. Pensions are a powerful tool 
for building wealth and financial resilience for retirement, 
but it’s important for everyone to consider their entire 
financial picture to face the future confidently. 
Women and Retirement Report 
Our Women and Retirement Report revealed that the 
gender pension gap has widened to 32%, leaving more 
women at risk of poverty in retirement. With one in four 
women out of work for over five years by age 55, we 
highlighted how women‘s career breaks for childcare, 
menopause or health, significantly impact their 
retirement outcomes. 
We concluded that closing the gender pension gap and 
helping women to secure a better financial future, requires 
bold pension reforms and stronger decision making. 
The 2024 report was shortlisted for a number of 
industry awards. This year we also won a PRWeek 
award for our campaign ‘Beat The Gap: Twenty years 
of the Women and Retirement Report’ and an 
International MarCom Award for our campaign 
‘Chasing the Agenda for Equality in Retirement’. 
Retirement Realities: Unlocking the 
workplace benefits 
In a new report for us this year we took a closer look at 
workplace pensions and the part they play in an employee’s 
overall remuneration package. We spoke to employees and 
employers across the UK and uncovered a stark truth: over a 
third (34%) of workers risk not being able to cover their basic 
needs in retirement. Workplace pensions have the power to 
transform financial futures, but low engagement is stopping 
people from making the most of this vital benefit. 
Nest Insight Research: Making Retirement 
Saving Easier for the Self-Employed 
Currently, only 18% of the UK’s 4.4 million self-employed 
workers save into a pension, despite three-quarters 
expressing a desire to do so. Unlike employees, self-
employed individuals miss out on automatic enrolment, 
leaving many without structured retirement savings. The 
Group and Department for Work and Pensions supported 
Nest Insight to explore an “autosave” mechanism, a default 
approach that nudges people to save while allowing opt out. 
Findings show there is interest in default savings, particularly 
when combined with accessible savings options alongside 
pensions. Prototypes tested through banking apps 
demonstrated that integrating autosave into financial 
platforms could boost participation. This approach aims to 
make saving effortless, reducing barriers linked to irregular 
income and lack of employer support. We encourage 
policymakers to consider default mechanisms as part of 
broader reforms to ensure financial security for all workers. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Empowering a prosperous future continued 
03 Building 
towards secure, 
independent 
futures for UK 
people and 
businesses 
We have developed 
digital tools and 
gamification for the 
Scottish Widows app 
which addresses 
some of the issues 
our reports raise, 
such as the Career 
Break modeller. 
Ready-Made Pension 
Since the launch of our Ready-Made Pension, 
we have opened over 7,000 accounts, giving 
more customers access to flexible pension 
solutions. On average, customers save £200 
each month, steadily building long-term financial 
security. The service has proven particularly 
popular among independent earners, with 41% 
of customers being self-employed. 
We’ve launched a Ready-Made Pension under 
the Scottish Widows brand, giving customers 
who are new to Lloyds Banking Group the 
ability to open a simple pension and access 
it seamlessly through our app, 
Ready-Made Investments 
Our Ready-Made Investments have empowered 
over 84,000 customers to begin their investment 
journey, with over £500 million invested in their 
future. And now with a market-leading fund 
charge of 0.1%, more of our customers’ money 
is invested in their future. 
Career Break Modeller 
Women face a unique set of barriers when it 
comes to their wealth, their autonomy and the 
ability to take control of their financial future. 
Changes to pensions over the years have led 
to a societal shift, with many people in the UK 
heading for a future income that’s below the 
minimum living standard. 
If we then overlay the systemic barriers women 
specifically face, we’re looking at an even 
bigger challenge. 36% of women are heading 
for a below minimum living standard compared 
to 31% of men. 
But the vast majority of women aren’t even 
aware there’s an issue. Which is why we have 
created gamified content in the Scottish 
Widows app which addresses some of the 
challenges this report raises. Our new in-app 
content alerts users to the issues, explains 
clearly what the gender pension gap is and 
provides some reassurance that taking action 
today isn’t as difficult as you might think. We 
also include some practical and simple tips for 
a better tomorrow.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  31 

[page 33]
Purpose in action 
Scottish Widows Lifetime 
Investments 
In 2025 we launched Scottish Widows Lifetime 
Investments, our new default offering. It aims to 
maximise pension growth potential, with a high exposure 
to equities when customers are many years away from 
their retirement age, and a shorter de-risking phase. 
So their pension savings are invested in higher-growth 
investments for longer. Customers will continue to 
benefit from our open architecture approach to 
investment management. 
We’ve worked with Robeco to develop indices that 
deliver good financial outcomes for our customers, whilst 
helping to shape a better world to retire into. The new 
funds include tilts towards companies that have a 
positive impact on the UN Sustainable Development 
Goals and those that are climate leaders and therefore 
likely to benefit from growth opportunities that the low 
carbon transition brings. 
Private market investments 
As a founding signatory of the Mansion House Compact, 
Scottish Widows is aiming to secure better outcomes for 
its customers by investing in private markets. The Compact
1 
is a voluntary commitment to invest at least 5% of pension 
investment defaults in private markets
2. 
Scottish Widows considers private investments as a way 
to enhance diversification and provide potential access to 
growth opportunities within a modern portfolio structure. 
Private market investments encompass a range of asset 
types distinct from traditional public markets, including 
private equity, venture capital, infrastructure, private 
credit, real estate and natural capital. They deliver different 
investment return streams with different characteristics that 
can be particularly useful in enhancing workplace pension 
member outcomes throughout the retirement journey. 
They can support innovative start-up, or growth businesses, 
to scale or access real assets, giving investors exposure 
to new return streams not found in listed markets. 
What’s particularly attractive about private market 
investments is that they can provide tangible environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) benefits by enabling direct 
influence over portfolio companies. The concentrated 
ownership structure typical of private markets opens up 
new routes of engagement and influencing as it enables 
investors to exert influence through pre- and post-deal 
active engagement. The level of influence is dependent on 
the asset type. Investors may drive sustainability practices, 
improve governance and promote social impact initiatives 
more effectively than in public markets. Value creation over 
the longer term is supported through active ownership, 
alignment with ESG goals and funding of innovative, 
purpose-driven businesses. For example, they can support 
businesses that are solving real-world problems like clean 
energy, affordable housing or better healthcare. While the 
illiquid nature of private markets can come with higher risks, 
it also provides unique opportunities to enhance customer 
outcomes while advancing net zero objectives. 
Scottish Widows has been working hard to open up access 
to private market investments, initially for its workplace 
customers, in a measured and thoughtful way. 
In August, the FCA granted Scottish Widows approval 
to launch its own Long-Term Asset Funds (LTAFs). LTAFs 
have been specifically designed to deal with long-term 
investments that aren’t easy to buy and sell quickly, with 
safeguards built in. We will provide options for workplace 
pension customers to have exposure to private assets via 
our approved LTAF and will seek new opportunities to invest 
in climate and nature solutions through this structure.
1,2 
Schroders Personal Wealth (SPW) 
In 2025, SPW, the wealth management and advice business 
became a fully owned subsidiary of Lloyds Banking Group. 
SPW which, will be rebranded as Lloyds Wealth, offers a 
personalised advice-led proposition managing c.£17 billion 
in assets under administration for c.60,000 clients. 
The acquisition accelerates the Group’s wealth strategy 
creating an integrated banking and investment proposition 
combining expert face-to-face advice with digital tools. 
SPW provides its clients with investment products that 
integrate its Responsible Investment principles into the 
research and selection process. SPW Authorised Corporate 
Director’s (ACD) approach to ESG factors consists of four 
pillars: Exclusions/Restrictions, Collective Investment 
Scheme ESG Assessment, Engagement and Stewardship, 
and Monitoring and Oversight. Further information can be 
found within SPW ACD’s Responsible Investment Policy. 
SPW aims for net zero operations by 2030 and net zero 
across its supply chain by 2050. Further information can 
be found in 
SPW’s 2024 Responsible Business Report
SPW is excluded from financed emissions calculations 
and net zero targets due to previous lack of direct control. 
We will review and define an appropriate approach for SPW 
assets under administration going forward. 
Purpose in action 
Scottish Widows Insurance 
Scottish Widows continues to strengthen its protection 
proposition, helping customers and advisers build 
financial security with confidence. Income Protection 
now completes our suite for independent financial 
advisers, reinforcing our market position and supporting 
this vital product in safeguarding incomes when it matters 
most. We’ve embedded a digital protection journey into 
the home-buying process, enabling us to protect twice 
as many mortgage customers, and expanded our reach 
through leading consumer aggregators such as 
MoneySuperMarket and CompareTheMarket – meeting 
customers where they are and improving access to cover. 
Innovation remains central to our approach, with AI 
accelerating underwriting and claims to tackle pain 
points that persist across the industry. These changes 
reflect our commitment to making protection simpler, 
more accessible, and aligned to our purpose of helping 
people plan for a secure future. 
1 The Compact is a voluntary initiative launched in July 2023 as part of the UK 
government’s broader Mansion House Reforms. Its main goal is to increase 
investment in private markets. Defined Contribution pension providers agree 
to allocate at least 5% of their default pension funds to unlisted investments 
by 2030. 
2 Private markets investments aren’t traded on public exchanges such as stock 
markets or bond markets. Instead, investors invest directly in private companies, 
private property or private funds, for example. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Building towards secure, independent futures for UK people and businesses continued 
Empowering a prosperous future continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  32 
SDG 8.10 
Strengthen the capacity of domestic financial institutions 
to encourage and expand access to banking, insurance 
and financial services for all. 
Link to strategy
SDG 8.10 
Strengthen the capacity of domestic financial institutions 
to encourage and expand access to banking, insurance 
and financial services for all. 
Link to strategy

[page 34]
We believe digital and financial 
inclusion is about providing access 
to technology or financial products 
and equipping individuals and 
businesses with skills, confidence 
and opportunities. Our efforts 
reach across diverse segments 
and communities, aiming to help 
them feel empowered. 
Digital and financial exclusion aren’t peripheral issues – 
they can be significant barriers to feeling part of society 
and supporting people to feel included and empowered 
is crucial. This is a massive step forward to improve access 
to banking for those who need it most, improving digital 
capability and confidence and helping people to build 
a stronger financial future.” 
Jas Singh 
CEO, Consumer Relationships at Lloyds Banking Group 
Our commitment to being a digitally 
inclusive financial services provider 
is an important part of how we are 
Helping Britain Prosper and this 
extends beyond our usual role. 
In 2025, we were pleased to be able to take an active role in the 
Financial Inclusion Committee, with Jas Singh, CEO, Consumer 
Relationships, chairing the Digital Inclusion and Access to 
Banking sub-committee. Work of the Committee, which was 
convened by HM Treasury with a mission to tackle barriers 
to individual and households’ ability to access affordable 
and appropriate financial products and services, supported 
development of the government‘s Financial Inclusion Strategy. 
Our digital initiatives and tools demonstrate our dedication 
to helping people and businesses feel confident managing 
their money digitally. 
We have worked with social housing associations, charities 
and local authorities to provide face-to-face support. We 
offer housebound and low digitally confident people with 
the only industry Digital Helpline, which provides free 
support, data and devices. 
Online, we offer a free open-sourced set of essential digital skills, 
employability and financial skills training, created in partnership 
with internal experts and external partners. For customers, we 
embed support in key customer journeys, and offer expertise 
and content to our large clients and charity partners. For small 
businesses, mentoring and coaching has also been provided. 
Consumer Digital Index: A decade of insight 
and the future of empowerment 
The 2025 UK Consumer Digital Index is the 10th edition 
of this landmark study. It combines behavioural and 
transactional data from 1 million customers with large-scale 
surveys and interviews to deliver a comprehensive view 
of digital and financial lives across the UK. This helps shape 
the national conversation on inclusion and empowerment – 
and is used by government, devolved nations and local 
authorities, industry and the charity sector. 
In the report, we build on a decade of data, by exploring 
how AI is influencing personal finance, revealing that those 
embracing digital tools say they feel more informed, 
empowered, and better able to save. 
The research highlights that while AI is helping to transform 
how people manage their money giving them greater control 
over their financial futures, people need to trust that the 
information they receive is accurate, secure, and being 
provided in their best interests. 
Financial empowerment goes beyond access to technology – 
it’s about confidence. When smart, well-governed AI is 
combined with trusted expertise, its potential to improve 
financial wellbeing and support Britain’s economic prosperity 
becomes truly transformative. Highlights from our report: 
28m 
adults are now using AI 
tools to manage their 
money, from everyday 
budgeting to savings goals 
and financial education
1 
Almost 1 in 3 adults
report using AI weekly 
to manage their money
1
£815 is the average saved
each year by people who 
are most digitally and 
financially capable
1
Supporting our customers’ needs 
We want every customer to have a great experience 
and access our services in a way that works best for them. 
Wherever they are, we’re committed to making banking 
simple, accessible and inclusive for all. 
Inclusive design 
Inclusive design is a core priority for us in the way we 
design and deliver services and experiences to our customers 
and colleagues. It underpins our commitment to helping 
communities across Britain prosper by ensuring that everyone 
can access and benefit from our products and services. 
What inclusive design means for us: 
We take an iterative approach to understanding customer 
needs, assessing the impact of what we design, and ensuring 
equitable, sustainable access for all. Inclusive design is not 
just a principle, it’s a practical tool and approach to decision 
making that shapes how we plan, build and deliver services. 
How we embed inclusive design: 
We have developed inclusive design and delivery toolkits, 
practical resources that help teams apply inclusive 
approaches throughout planning and delivery, translating 
policy into practice. We continuously seek to improve our 
tools and resources to make sure our teams can design 
effectively for different communities and people’s needs. 
Collaboration and testing: 
We work with external specialists, such as the Digital 
Accessibility Centre (DAC), to test and evaluate our designs, 
ensuring they are accessible and usable for everyone. 
In 2024, we launched the inclusive design panel in 
partnership with social business Three Hands. This panel 
brings together individuals with lived experience and 
experts from charities and support organisations. They 
review, test and critique our products, offering ideas to 
improve accessibility and make services more inclusive. 
We have seen a 200% uplift in customers using the app 
Direct Debit journey after information enhancements 
recommended by the Inclusive Design Panel. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Empowering a prosperous future continued 
04 Unlocking 
opportunities 
through financial 
and digital 
capability 
and inclusion 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025 33 
Building digital and financial capability 
1 National estimates are taken from a nationally representative survey (5,000 UK 
adults; from 3 – 28 July 2025). Figures on AI usage and reported savings are 
based on self-reported survey data and reflect perceptions at the time of 
fieldwork, not verified outcomes.

[page 35]
We have a strong foundation in 
financial education, providing 
significant financial and resource 
investment, active leadership, and 
partnership on various programmes. 
The provision of financial education remains inconsistent 
across UK schools with 53% of children stating they do not 
receive a ‘meaningful financial education’ 3 in 4 teachers 
saying most students leave school or college without key 
financial skills and teachers feeling both under-equipped 
and under-resourced to fill the gaps. 
Our colleague-led financial education programme is delivered 
face-to-face in schools across the UK using accredited resources, 
and provides small-scale, deep-impact education. Evaluation 
from our 2025 campaign confirmed that 84% of students had 
learned how to better look after their money and 83% felt more 
confident to discuss money with an adult. 
In 2025, approximately 300 of our colleagues used their skills 
and resources and delivered lessons to 2,278 students in 
29 different educational environments across the UK. 
We maintain a partnership with Young Enterprise to ensure 
our learning outcomes are aligned with the recommendations 
from the Money and Pensions Service. We also actively 
engage with peer organisations through our involvement with 
UK Finance and promote significant initiatives such as Talk 
Money Week and National Numeracy Day throughout the year. 
Led by insights into learning outcomes, we ran a pilot to take 
traditional indoor learning outdoors, testing this approach 
with Year 5 students in six UK locations. The outdoor 
sessions boosted engagement, especially among students 
who were less engaged indoors. Teachers observed improved 
behaviour and focus and volunteers described the 
experience as rewarding and inclusive. 
Of the students we worked with: 
• 57% felt more confident discussing money with their 
families 
• 33% gained confidence in staying safe with digital money 
For 2026, our strategic goal is to continue to create impact 
across local communities. We are enthusiastic about the 
potential to reach even more young people and advance 
our ambition to foster financial literacy and independence. 
Museum on the Mound financial education 
Museum on the Mound uses the Group’s historical 
collections to help young people and families form a positive 
relationship with money. The aim of the Museum’s education 
service is financial empowerment, delivered in a unique way 
that makes financial concepts accessible and engaging. 
The strength of the service comes from being able to provide 
context and make learning hands-on using real artefacts. We 
step back to explore the fundamentals: where money came 
from, why society needs it, and how to recognise its value. 
In 2025, Museum on the Mound supported 13,064 
young people nationwide through digital and in-person 
workshops. 98% of group leaders rated our programmes 
as excellent and 100% would recommend them. Young 
people’s interest in money soared, with inspiration 
scores rising from 5.2 to 9.2 after Museum workshops. 
Our programmes spark meaningful conversations about 
money within families, as young people take their learning 
home and share what they’ve discovered. Through engaging, 
curriculum-aligned workshops, the Museum empowers 
individuals to build confidence in managing money, fostering 
lifelong financial resilience and informed decision making. 
Empowering young people through our 
collaboration with MyPocketSkill 
In 2025, we teamed up with MyPocketSkill, a platform 
that connects young people to flexible income opportunities 
such as tutoring, photography, music coaching and more. 
Through the collaboration, students from leading universities, 
including University College London, University of West 
London, Cardiff University and Swansea University were 
able to earn money whilst they study. 
During the first phase of the initiative, over 2,000 students 
with Lloyds accounts registered, with 120 successfully 
completing tasks and collectively earning more than 
£60,000. This initiative promotes financial independence 
and helps address the barriers students encounter when 
balancing work and study. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Empowering a prosperous future continued 
Unlocking opportunities in the financial and digital ecosystem continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  34 
Making money meaningful 
with financial education 
Purpose in action 
Doshi 
Through the Launch Innovation Programme – an initiative 
that connects FinTechs with business teams to develop 
and test innovative solutions – we have run an experiment 
with Doshi, a platform that uses gamification to make 
financial education engaging and impactful. 
Doshi breaks down complex financial topics into bite-sized 
lessons with quizzes and rewards, creating an experience 
that is intuitive, motivating and encourages ongoing 
learning. Together, we introduced interactive, gamified 
financial education to younger customers, particularly 
students, to help build knowledge and confidence in 
managing their finances. 
The collaboration has delivered strong results. Survey 
findings showed: 
• 69% of respondents reported an increase in money 
confidence (74 respondents) 
• 91% said they would continue using Doshi to improve 
financial understanding (303 respondents) 
With more than 1,800 individuals signed up and over 
20,000
 lessons completed, these outcomes highlight the 
power of gamification in making financial learning relevant 
for the next generation. 
By embedding financial education into engaging digital 
experi
ences, we are improving our customers’ financial 
literacy. This approach empowers younger generations to 
make informed choices and develop positive habits, setting 
them up for success in the future. Our partnership with 
Doshi demonstrates how collaborative innovation creates 
real impact for our customers, showcasing the strength 
of the Launch programme in bringing fresh ideas to life. 
SDG 4.4 
By 2030, substantially increase the number of youth 
and adults who have relevant skills, including technical 
and vocational skills, for employment, decent jobs 
and entrepreneurship. 
Link to strategy 
>2,200 
students supported 
through face-to-face 
financial education lessons 
29 
schools engaged with 
provision of indoor and 
outdoor financial education 
84% 
of students said they had 
learned how to better 
manage their money 
1 UK Finance - Financial Education Report
2 Hundreds of thousands of young people leaving school every year without money skills

[page 36]
Our Academies offer free support to 
individuals and businesses across the 
UK, equipping them with essential 
digital skills and financial confidence 
to thrive in an increasingly online world. 
This year over 500,000 people and businesses have accessed 
our Academy skills resources, with opportunity to boost their 
financial and digital capability and scale their businesses 
through expert-led programmes. Breaking down barriers to 
inclusion and empowering communities with practical tools 
and knowledge, the Academy is driving meaningful change, 
creating opportunities and improving resilience to enable 
sustainable growth for all. 
Our success is built on collaboration. We work with a wide 
range of partners, from local authorities and government 
bodies to community organisations and charities. We deliver 
tailored support, meeting people where they need us and 
feel comfortable. Our commitment to growing confidence 
and capability also extends to the partners we work with. 
Our train-the-trainer model ensures skills and capabilities 
stay in the community after our Academy trainers have 
moved on, creating a long-lasting impact. 
In 2025, the Department for Science, Innovation 
and Technology recognised the Academies’ impact, 
acknowledging our work in bridging the digital divide 
in the Liverpool City Region with our public and private 
sector partners. 
Supporting our customers and communities 
across the UK 
We remain dedicated to tackling digital exclusion and 
financial vulnerability through practical interventions that 
make a material difference in people’s lives. To empower 
and uplift our customers’ financial and digital confidence, 
we’ve developed a multi-brand, multi-channel support 
model that delivers meaningful help across face-to-face, 
telephony and online formats. In 2025, 428,246 individuals 
accessed these Academy skills resources. 
Our work extends across all areas of society. We have 
delivered face-to-face financial skills lessons in 24 UK prisons 
to support the Group’s wider Access to Banking programme. 
With over 600 learning interactions with prisoners we have 
seen increased confidence in managing bank accounts and 
personal finances – critical for rehabilitation. Additionally, 
we launched 16 financial skills modules on the HMPPS Virtual 
Learning Campus, widening support to those outside our 
direct partnerships. 
We are empowering branch colleagues in Scotland and 
Wales to help customers build digital and financial skills. 
With over 23 million users now banking online, tailored 
training equips colleagues to deliver practical support on 
online safety and digital money management. By embedding 
these skills into everyday conversations, branches are 
bridging the digital divide, boosting financial resilience, 
and creating meaningful impact in local communities. 
Growing our support to the Liverpool 
City Region 
We are committed to creating inclusive opportunities 
for communities across the UK. In Liverpool City Region, 
the Academy has expanded its support through digital 
and financial skills programmes in partnership with the 
Combined Authority. 
We’ve partnered with Liverpool City Region Combined 
Authority, Vodafone and Assurant to deliver the Digital 
Inclusion Initiative. Since launching in 2023, it has provided 
over 5,500 residents in the region with a digital device, 
six months of connectivity and in-person skills training. 
This supported customers and people in the community 
who were digitally excluded. 
Through our relationship with the Combined Authority we’ve 
grown our impact in the region, with a focus on supporting 
young people at risk of becoming NEET (not in education, 
employment, or training). We’ve helped 107 students on 
the national Elevate programme understand how to manage 
a bank account through lessons. We’re also supporting care 
leavers in the region, aged 18 to 21 with digital skills, through 
the Youth Guarantee programme. 
Supporting UK businesses to thrive 
In 2025, 71,848 small businesses have accessed our Academy 
financial and digital capability resources. This has given them 
opportunity to access multi-channel skills support including 
online learning platforms, expert-led interactive webinars, 
peer-to-peer mentoring and a bespoke Start-Up, Scale-Up 
business and digital skills programme. We also partner with 
leading organisations like Small Business Britain. Together, 
we offer business-focused webinars and provide access 
to thousands of free online learning licences for Skillsoft 
Percipio. This helps businesses grow their leadership and 
technical skills. 
We’ve continued to grow our online, multi-channel Start-Up, 
Scale-Up programme for small businesses. This year, we’ve 
supported 620 businesses through the programme, including 
351 business owners from underserved communities. 
Towards the end of 2025, we launched the programme to 
Bank of Scotland customers, with 33 customers benefitting 
so far. This means we are now supporting small businesses 
from every region across the UK to thrive through our Start-
Up, Scale-Up programme.
Supporting our colleagues 
We have transformed customer digital skills support through 
partnership with Athena, a GenAI-driven system designed 
to deliver instant, accurate responses to colleague queries. 
This makes digital and financial education easier for 
customer-facing colleagues to access. Academy resources 
such as digital skills lessons, fraud awareness, and budgeting 
support are now surfaced directly in Athena’s AI-powered 
search results enabling customer-facing teams to quickly 
find support on digital inclusion and financial wellbeing. 
Our 
online learning hub has a wide range of lessons that 
are open to everyone and completely free. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Empowering a prosperous future continued 
Unlocking opportunities in the financial and digital ecosystem continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  35 
>428,000 
People have accessed our Lloyds 
Bank Academy financial and 
digital skills resources 
>71,000 
small businesses have accessed 
our Lloyds Bank Academy 
business skills resources 
Lloyds Bank Academy – Building 
confidence and capability for 
a financial and digital future

[page 37]
Scottish Widows is transforming the 
customer experience through digitising 
financial education and engagement 
allowing customers to access tailored 
digital learning, interactive tools 
and gamified experiences. We are 
empowering our customers with the 
tools to make informed decisions in 
order to build financial resilience, while 
strengthening our customer base. 
Be Money Well 
Scottish Widows is equipping people with the financial and 
digital skills to help manage money and plan for their future 
through its Be Money Well hub. We offer a comprehensive 
digital learning platform tailored to real-life financial needs 
which is available to everyone even if you are not a Scottish 
Widows customer. This year, 18,698 people have been 
supported through the platform, enabling them to learn 
about pensions, plan their financial futures and get support 
with digital and life’s money moments. 
Pension Mirror 
Scottish Widows’ Pension Mirror online tool has gone from 
strength to strength, winning several awards. The digital tool 
– which sits on Scottish Widows’ website – scans users’ faces
and uses AI technology to guess their age. It then tells them
the average pension savings for other people their age using
the Office for National Statistics data, encouraging the
comparison of their personal pension savings and
engagement with the Scottish Widows app alongside
education over pensions. 
Pension Hub 
The Pension Hub is a new dedicated space available within 
the Retail app focusing on pensions. It’s designed to provide 
a range of engagement tools and educational content to 
help customers better understand their pension options. 
To date, over one million customers have visited the hub 
to gain a deeper understanding of pensions and their role 
in achieving future retirement plans. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Empowering a prosperous future continued 
Unlocking opportunities in the financial and digital ecosystem continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025 36 
Transforming financial education 
for long-term savings 
Purpose in action 
Games and 
pension savings 
Our Dundee Tech School teams 
have now reached one-year maturity, 
and have launched eight gamified 
experiences and two games to help 
our Scottish Widows’ customers to 
understand their pension savings. 
We successfully launched Job Dash in 
partnership with Peek & Poke to help 
players think about pension savings 
they might have forgotten about from 
previous jobs and build their pension 
knowledge through questions during 
the game. Job Dash has been used by 
over 6,700 players, with 800 going on 
to learn more on our website or 
download our app. 
This year we launched our second game 
– Pension Powerlift – to support Pension 
Engagement Season. It aims to help 
customers strengthen their pension – 
explaining the benefits of starting 
to save early. Initial results have been 
positive with a high level of return visits, 
and customers sharing their scores on 
social media. 
We’re excited to continue to grow our 
engagement offering on our dedicated 
Power Up Hub with a game for 
International Women’s Day launching 
in the new year to tackle the gender 
pension gap. 
To find out more please visit the 
Power Up hub
Link to strategy SDG 4.4 
By 2030, substantially increase 
the number of youth and adults 
who have relevant skills, including 
technical and vocational skills, for 
employment, decent jobs and 
entrepreneurship. 
SDG 8.10 
Strengthen the capacity of 
domestic financial institutions to 
encourage and expand access to 
banking, insurance and financial 
services for all.

[page 38]
Supporting 
regional 
development 
and communities 
With roots going back over 
250 years, Lloyds Banking 
Group has played a pivotal 
role in supporting individuals, 
businesses and communities 
right across the country. 
Be a partner in the regeneration of the UK’s 
regions and nations 39 
Build and regenerate housing to create 
thriving communities 42 
Broaden economic opportunity by 
enabl
ing the creation of high-quality jobs 
and inclusive growth 43 
Help c
ommunities to develop and adapt 
to immediate and future needs through 
community investment and engagement 
Our regional footprint means that we can help 
businesses to grow and thrive and we are 
committed to broadening economic opportunity 
by stimulating growth and creating high-quality 
jobs, benefitting local communities. 
45 
We provide expert financial support and guidance 
to businesses of all sizes and from all sectors. Our 
leading digital and relationship banking services 
offer a broad range of finance, helping to meet 
our clients’ needs as they expand and flourish. 
In this section 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Sustainable Development Goals 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  37 
See our full reporting suite on 
the sustainability page of our website.

[page 39]
Objectives 
01 
Be a partner in the 
regeneration of the 
UK’s regions and nations 
Highlight 
£100m 
lending to the Haweswater Aqueduct 
Resili
ence Programme 
Our impact 
>370 
businesses supported through 
our CDFI funding to date 
Linked to strategy 
See page  39 
Grow 
£340m 
finance delivered from our 
£500m 
commitment in 
partne
rship with National 
Wealth
 Fund 
02 
Build and regenerate 
housing to create 
thriving communities 
£50m 
sustainability-linked loan 
to Mosscare St Vincent’s 
See page  42 
Grow 
03 
Broaden economic 
opportunity by enabling 
the creation of 
high-quality jobs and 
inclusive growth 
5,000 
apprentices, graduates and 
engineers trained through 
the 10-year sponsorship of 
the Manufacturing Technology 
Centre (MTC) 
>£8m 
estimated additional benefit generated 
from partnership with MTC through 
referred SME partners working with 
MTC on projects 
See page  43 
Grow 
c.£36m 
donated to our foundations 
in 202
5 to support local 
commun
ities 
04 
Help communities to develop 
and adapt to immediate 
and future needs through 
community investment 
and engagement 
>£800m 
donated to our charitable foundations 
since 1985, now celebrating their 
40th anniversary 
See page  45 
Grow 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting regional development and communities continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  38 
Pillar objectives, 
highlights 
and impact 
Supporting individuals, businesses 
and communities across the UK 
to grow and thrive. 

[page 40]
Our regional development programme 
Our regional development programme is designed 
to stimulate economic growth and create sustainable 
employment across the UK’s diverse regions and nations. 
In particular, the programme focuses on unlocking potential 
in areas that have historically faced economic challenges, 
which is crucial for Helping Britain Prosper. 
Regional Impact Fund: 
We have committed £1 billion to support opportunities 
in the UK’s regions which are aligned with our Regional 
Development objectives. The Regional Impact Fund is 
allocated specifically to projects that will have significant 
social, economic or environmental impact at a regional 
level. A highlight from this year is our funding for Golden 
Lane Housing. 
Golden Lane Housing (GLH): Funding 
that counts 
Golden Lane Housing is based in Manchester and offers 
supported housing across England, Wales and Northern 
Ireland. The organisation provides high-quality, secure 
homes that enable people with a learning disability and 
autistic people to live independent and fulfilling lives. 
Many individuals they support face significant barriers to 
accessing appropriate housing, including those leaving long-
stay hospitals, at risk of homelessness, or requiring specific 
adaptations to live safely. The organisation works to ensure 
that people facing barriers to access housing have the right 
home and support to thrive in their communities. 
Our funding of £10 million is provided through a Revolving 
Credit Facility giving a flexible option for Golden Lane 
Housing to access funds as and when they are required. 
The financial backing from 
Lloyds allows us to continue 
investing in the development 
of much-needed homes, making 
improvements to existing 
properties, and ensuring our 
tenants have high-quality 
places to live.” 
John Verge 
CEO, Golden Lane Housing 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting regional development and communities continued 
01 Be a partner in 
the growth of 
the UK’s regions 
and nations 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  39 
Regional development


[page 41]
The Group has its origins firmly rooted 
in the regions and nations of the UK. 
As part of our strategy, we support 
businesses of all sizes every day, 
helping them to thrive through the 
funding and other financial 
propositions we provide to them. 
In 2026 we will make £35 billion of new finance 
available to companies operating and investing in the 
UK. Of this, £9.5 billion will be dedicated to small and 
medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and over £1 billion 
will be made available to businesses in the North East, 
aligning with our partnership to drive investment into 
the region. You can read more about this on 
page 43. 
We believe helping businesses thrive and supporting 
their growth ambitions creates opportunities in regions 
and communities across the UK. Deploying incremental 
lending – from helping to build new homes to supporting 
the expansion of manufacturing businesses – can create 
new jobs and benefit communities. 
Zenobe Energy 
Our funding of £20 million as part 
of a £60 million project finance facility 
will enable UK energy storage company 
Zenobe to build a 68MW battery energy 
storage system (BESS) in Lerwick 
in Shetland. The system is the next 
crucial step in connecting Shetland’s 
distribution network to the mainland 
grid and is expected to go live in 2026. 
The BESS will allow the Lerwick Power 
station to move to standby operation 
only, cutting emissions, utilising more 
renewables and supporting the 
energy transition. 
Haweswater Aqueduct Resilience 
The Haweswater Aqueduct 
Resilience Programme is a 
transformational infrastructure 
project to design, build, finance 
and maintain six new tunnel sections 
along half of the 110km aqueduct. 
Once complete, it will deliver 570 
million litres of clean drinking water 
daily. We have committed £100 
million as part of a wider £3 billion 
deal to safeguard the water supply 
for 2.5 million people across 
Cumbria, Lancashire and Greater 
Manchester. The project will create 
up to 1,200 jobs, including local 
recruitment and apprenticeships. 
DES Energy 
We have provided £800,000 in 
funding to Lancashire-based DES 
Energy which designs, funds, installs 
and manages solar and electric vehicle 
(EV) charging infrastructure for 
commercial clients. The business is 
targeting a 40% increase in turnover 
in the next two years, which will also 
lead to increased recruitment and 
more apprenticeships. 
Bruntwood SciTech 
Bruntwood SciTech’s property 
platform serves the UK’s innovation 
economy and alongside other lenders 
we jointly provided a £100 million 
increase to the existing funding 
package during the year. This will 
help its continued expansion plans 
to support the growing demand 
from life science, technology and 
innovation businesses across the UK, 
delivering world-class infrastructure 
and specialist support in locations 
including Manchester, Cambridge, 
Leeds and Birmingham. 
Technoset 
We provided an asset finance 
package to Technoset, a precision 
engineering firm based in Rugby. 
The funding enabled a £650,000 
investment in advanced machinery 
and automation, including sliding 
head lathes and a milling machine 
with automated handling, 
boosting production efficiency 
and competitiveness. Lloyds Banking 
Group’s support is helping the 
company to expand into emerging 
markets like telecommunications. 
Derw Glass 
We supported Derw Glass, a 
leading glass manufacturer based 
in Pembrokeshire, to upgrade 
its operations and produce more 
energy-efficient double-glazed 
windows. Our funding will enable 
the purchase of new machinery 
which will cut energy consumption 
by around 10% per month, improve 
insulation performance, and create 
opportunities for workforce upskilling. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting regional development and communities continued 
Be a partner in the growth of the UK’s regions and nations continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  40 
Supporting 
businesses 
across the UK 
Supporting UK businesses

[page 42]
Business in the Community 
For 40 years, Business in the Community (BITC) has worked 
alongside communities, recognising that they understand 
their own challenges and how to solve them, but often 
struggle to mobilise resources and access national or regional 
support. As founding partners, our years of experience 
working with BITC have shown us there are no quick fixes 
to the complex challenges faced by these communities. 
Pride of Place is BITC’s place-based regeneration and social 
impact programme. It brings together businesses, local 
government, civil society and communities to drive long-
term, sustainable change in areas facing deep disadvantage. 
The programme operates in some of the UK’s most deprived 
places, aiming for systemic transformation, not short-term 
fixes. Partnerships are business-led, with senior leaders from 
local and national organisations working alongside councils, 
voluntary groups and residents. We provide sustained 
resource, advice and support to motivate and empower 
local stakeholders so that each place can identify its own 
challenges and innovate its own solutions. 
Blackpool Pride of Place Partnership 
We are part of the Blackpool Pride of Place Partnership, 
which was formed in 2017 as BITC’s pilot and flagship 
partnership, bringing together leaders from the public, 
private, and voluntary sectors – including Blackpool Council – 
to tackle deep-rooted social and economic challenges 
together, delivering lasting regeneration. 
The Partnership developed a long-term Town Prospectus 
and has made excellent progress, including the £40 million 
Blackpool Town Deal in 2020, £140 million of Levelling Up 
funding and, in 2024, £90 million for housing renewal for 
England’s second most deprived ward. 
Through our work with the Partnership, we identified 
the opportunity for a CDFI to support Blackpool and the 
surrounding area, which could unlock new investment for 
local start-up and scale-up businesses. The announcement 
of the new CDFI was made at the Tower Ballroom in 
Blackpool during the year and demonstrates what can be 
achieved when local partnerships and national commitment 
come together. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting regional development and communities continued 
Be a partner in the growth of the UK’s regions and nations continued 
Purpose in action 
Community 
Development Finance 
We were proud to continue our support for the Community Development Finance sector 
with a further allocation from our Regional Impact Fund. 
>370 
businesses supported through 
our CDFI funding to date 
Community Development Finance 
Institutions (CDFIs) are small, not-for-
profit lenders who provide finance to 
local businesses, often in the most 
disadvantaged communities. 
During 2024 we announced £43 million 
of funding for three CDFIs based in 
Doncaster, Wolverhampton and Bradford, 
as part of a £62 million fund. This was the 
first commercial loan made to the sector 
by a mainstream UK lender and was fully 
drawn by the three CDFIs involved during 
2025. Overall the funding intends to invest 
in 800 businesses, sustaining around 
10,500 jobs, with over 370 businesses 
already supported. 
One recipient is Lumberjaxe Foods, 
which secured a £100,000 loan to scale 
production of its natural seasonings and 
sauces and expand its retail footprint 
following a successful pitch and 
investment on the Dragons’ Den television 
show. This loan was provided by BCRS 
Business Loans, a CDFI which supports 
the growth of small and medium sized 
businesses in the West Midlands and Wales. 
Our commitment to CDFIs continued 
during the year. In October we 
announced £5.6 million of additional 
funding for one of our original CDFI 
recipients, which will help to create 
a new CDFI based in Blackpool, with 
investment expected early in 2026. 
This funding aims to improve access to 
finance for local businesses and social 
enterprises across Blackpool and the 
Fylde Coast. The new CDFI will help the 
area build on its ambitions to become 
a vibrant, inclusive and innovative place 
to live, work and grow. 
During 2025 we provided grant funding 
for legal advice to help CDFIs join the 
British Business Bank’s Community 
ENABLE Funding Programme. This is an 
important step in increasing finance for 
the sector. We also continue to play a 
convening role in sector growth and we 
look forward to working with the British 
Business Bank and other lenders to 
continue to promote the CDFI sector 
and expand the available pool of 
funding to help more CDFIs to scale. 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  41 
SDG 8.3 
Promote development-oriented 
policies that support productive 
activities, decent job creation, 
entrepreneurship, creativity 
and innovation. 
SDG 9.3 
Increase the access of small-scale 
industrial and other enterprises to 
financial services, including affordable 
credit, and their integration into value 
chains and markets. 
SDG 10.2 
By 2030, empower and promote 
the social, economic, and political 
inclusion of all, irrespective of age, 
sex, disability, race, ethnicity, origin, 
religion, or economic or other status. 
Link to strategy

[page 43]
Albyn Housing Society 
Our £10 million loan will help Albyn to deliver 600 new 
affordable homes across the Highlands – a region where 
there is an urgent need for quality housing. 
Albyn Housing manages around 4,000 homes across the 
Highlands of Scotland and prides itself on ensuring that the 
design of new homes is shaped by the voices of the local 
community. This includes energy-efficient designs and 
innovative heating solutions, creating homes where people 
can thrive. The first phase of development will bring new 
properties to Highland locations including Ullapool, Tain 
and Alness, each designed to meet the needs of the people 
who will live there. 
Albyn also embraces innovation, using smart technology 
to monitor residents’ wellbeing, helping vulnerable tenants 
live independently and safely at home. 
igloo Regeneration 
In 2025, Housing Growth Partnership (HGP) completed its 
second transaction with the regeneration specialist, igloo 
Regeneration. The funding will support the development 
of 26 new homes and a commercial unit at Fruit Market 
in Nottingham. This site is the next phase in a major 
regeneration project in the city’s Creative Quarter, and 
its central location means residents can live car-free within 
an easy walk of the city’s amenities. Homes will be built to 
reduce energy usage and bills, featuring high-performance 
external fabric, air source heat pumps and underfloor 
heating, supporting HGP’s commitment to low-carbon, 
future-proofed housing. This investment builds on HGP’s 
strategic partnership with igloo, which aims to deliver over 
1,100 sustainable homes across the UK. 
Keepmoat 
During the year Lloyds Living contracted housebuilder 
Keepmoat to deliver 294 single-family homes to the rental 
sector in Yorkshire. The homes will be built at four sites, 
with more than 200 of the homes having an all-electric 
specification, aligning the homes with zero-carbon living. 
The homes are strategically located to offer excellent access 
to local amenities, schools and transport links, ensuring families 
have access to high-quality and sustainable rental options. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting regional development and communities continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  42 
02 Build and regenerate housing to create thriving communities 
Purpose in action 
Mosscare 
St Vincent’s 
During the year we provided a £50 
million sustainability-linked loan to 
Mosscare St Vincent’s. The housing 
provider owns and manages around 
9,000 social and affordable homes, 
mainly in the Greater Manchester area, 
and its ethos is to deliver excellent 
landlord services and provide warm, 
safe homes for its residents. 
This funding will support plans to 
develop 1,500 new homes by 2030, as 
well as improving the energy efficiency 
of its existing homes. The sustainability 
linked aspect of the loan means that the 
housing provider can receive a discount 
on its funding if certain energy efficiency 
requirements are met. 
This funding from Lloyds will enable us to 
continue in our mission of providing high-
quality, affordable, much-needed homes 
in Greater Manchester and beyond, while 
meeting our sustainability goals.” 
Steve Aggett 
Executive director of finance and business excellence, 
Mosscare St Vincent’s Housing Group 
SDG 7.3 
By 2030, ensure access for 
all to adequate, safe and 
affordable housing and basic 
services and upgrade slums. 
SDG 11.1 
By 2030, double the global 
rate of improvement in 
energy efficiency. 
Link to strategy

[page 44]
Industrial Strategy 
The recently announced UK government Industrial 
Strategy outlines key sectors, technologies and regions the 
government intends to support through targeted investment 
and coordinated policy initiatives. Our Industrial Strategy 
roadshow in partnership with the Confederation of British 
Industry (CBI) helps to bring this to life. The year-long 
programme is designed to help government and businesses 
co-deliver a successful industrial strategy that drives growth 
across every sector, nation and region of the UK. 
The programme began in Birmingham and is touring UK cities, 
uniting business leaders, policymakers and stakeholders 
to explore how collaboration drives investment, innovation 
and inclusive growth. Rooted in local dialogue but nationally 
ambitious, these events aim to shape the UK’s industrial future. 
Investing in the North East 
One of the high-potential sectors identified in the Industrial 
Strategy was clean energy. We are pleased to be partnering 
with the North East Combined Authority and the Office for 
Investment to accelerate private investment into the North 
East of England, focused on clean energy opportunities. 
This will be significant to unlocking the region’s potential 
to benefit from the energy transition, aligned with the 
region’s aim of creating 25,000 clean energy jobs by 2035. 
To support the North East, we contributed to the financing 
of the new AESC Envision gigaplant in Sunderland, boosting 
EV production and strengthening the regional supply chain. 
Universities and skills 
Universities are drivers of regional growth, fuelling innovation, 
undertaking world class research, and building future skills. This 
ensures Britain’s workforce of the future is well equipped which 
is essential for the delivery of the UK’s Industrial Strategy. 
In 2025 we provided new lending facilities to a number of 
universities, including the University of Birmingham, helping 
with their future plans. We also supported universities in 
embedding sustainability into treasury strategies through 
Sustainability Referenced Deposits, which fund projects 
in renewable energy, green buildings and social housing. 
By the end of 2025, 27 universities had placed over 
£253 million into this form of deposit. 
Beyond our banking relationships, we are proud to 
exchange knowledge and expertise with many universities. 
Our Group Executive Committee visited the University of 
Leeds, exploring how AI and digital transformation is shaping 
the future. During the year we also partnered with the 
University of Newcastle, hosting events on the societal 
challenges and opportunities shaping 2025 and beyond. 
We are partnering with universities to help students manage 
finan
ces as they leave home, offering financial literacy courses 
and enhanced student accounts. Read more on page 34. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting regional development and communities continued 
03 Broaden economic opportunity by 
enabling the creation of high-quality 
jobs and inclusive growth 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  43 
Partnering with 
industry to 
support regional 
growth 
Purpose in action Lloyds Banking Group’s sponsorship has 
also helped develop MTC’s Apprentice 
Support Service Programme, which 
helps SME manufacturers to recruit 
apprentices and access funding via the 
government’s Apprenticeship Levy. 
Skills 
Development 
for SMEs 
Small and medium enterprises (SMEs) 
are a critical force in sustaining quality, 
well-paid employment in the UK. 
We continue to support SMEs to 
grow by developing the skills of their 
workforce, particularly in sectors of 
critical importance to the UK economy 
like housing and manufacturing. 
In 2025, we celebrated the 10-year 
anniversary of our £15 million strategic 
partnership with MTC. This partnership 
supports the development of skills, 
research and innovation in the UK’s 
manufacturing sector. With the 
support of Lloyds Banking Group’s 
sponsorship, it has now trained over 
5,000 apprentices, graduates and 
engineers through centres in Coventry, 
Liverpool and Oxfordshire. 
The partnership also aims to help 
address the skills gap in the 
manufacturing sector, providing a unique 
platform to connect manufacturers with 
high-quality training in areas such as 
electrification, digitalisation and clean 
energy systems. Research from Make 
UK suggest the 55,000 manufacturing 
vacancies cost the economy £6 billion 
in lost output each year. 
To date, more than 700 SME 
manufacturers have been referred to 
the partnership, with more than 115 going 
on to work with the MTC on specific 
projects for their business, generating 
over £8 million of additional benefit, 
through improvements and upgrades 
for equipment, automation and 
sustainability-led projects. 
SDG 4.4 
By 2030, substantially increase 
the number of youth and adults 
who have relevant skills, including 
technical and vocational skills, for 
employment, decent jobs and 
entrepreneurship. 
SDG 8.3 
Promote development-oriented 
policies that support productive 
activities, decent job creation, 
entrepreneurship, creativity 
and innovation. 
SDG 9.5 
Enhance scientific research, 
upgrade the technological 
capabilities of industrial sectors 
in all countries, in particular 
developing countries. 
Link to strategy 
   

[page 45]
Our private equity investment arm 
LDC works with a broad range of 
portfolio companies across the UK 
to grow their business sustainably, 
diversifying and differentiating 
growth for the Group. 
At the same time it partners with management teams to 
deliver financial growth and embed responsible practices 
that create long-term value for businesses, communities 
and the environment. 
Here are some examples of businesses we have 
supported to grow: 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Broaden economic opportunity by enabling the creation of high-quality jobs and inclusive growth continued 
Supporting regional development and communities continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  44 
LDC Purpose in action
significant UK expansion. In 2025, 
it partnered with over 1,000 letting 
agents and operators. With LDC’s 
support, it has increased its nationwide 
presence from 41 to more than 60 
locations. They have also launched 
in Scotland and increased employee 
headcount by 65%. 
The business has invested in its 
platform, sales, marketing, and 
launched several new initiatives to 
benefit students, including free 24/7 
access to mental, financial and physical 
wellbeing support. Recognising the 
mental health challenges students face, 
UniHomes has a vision to make student 
living stress-free, enabling students 
to spend more time focusing on their 
studies and enjoying their time at 
university. 
The reinvestment from LDC, alongside 
new investment from Macquarie 
Capital, will enable UniHomes to further 
enhance its technology, broaden its 
customer offering to both existing and 
new partners, and accelerate expansion 
to other markets including purpose-built 
student accommodation, build-to-rent 
and professional sharers. 
UniHomes 
has driven growth through 
Investing 
in student 
accommodation: 
UniHomes 
UniHomes is a Sheffield-based 
student accommodation advertising 
platform, helping students find their 
‘home from home’. 
Following two years of significant 
growth, LDC is reinvesting in the 
business. Since LDC’s initial 
investment in 2023, the business 
has grown revenue by 75%. 
SDG 11.1 
By 2030, ensure access for all 
to adequate, safe and affordable 
housing and basic services and 
upgrade slums. 
Link to strategy 
Purpose in action 
Zip World 
Following a successful six-year partnership, 
LDC exited its investment in Zip World in 
2025, concluding a transformative chapter 
for the adventure tourism brand. 
Backed by LDC, Zip World more than 
doubled its sites from three in North 
Wales to a nationwide portfolio, 
launched world-class attractions, 
and diversified into accommodation. 
This strategic growth drove turnover 
up by 95%, headcount by 200%, and 
boosted the company’s valuation 
from £45 million to more than 
£100 million. 
An independent 2024 North Wales 
Tourism report revealed that Zip 
World contributed £941 million to the 
Welsh economy over the last decade, 
creating jobs, attracting visitors, and 
revitalising communities. 
Zip World’s B Corp certification 
further cements its commitment to 
sustainability, placing it among just 
47 certified companies in Wales 
and only 18 adventure tourism 
organisations globally. This recognition 
celebrates its excellence in 
maintaining natural landscapes while 
delivering economic regeneration. 
Andrew Hudson, CEO of Zip World, 
said: “As LDC concludes their 
successful investment journey with 
us, we want to thank them for their 
support over the years which has 
allowed us to stay resilient and 
achieve so many of our goals despite 
the significant disruption caused 
by the Covid-19 pandemic.” 
£941m 
contributed by Zip World 
to the Welsh economy over 
the last decade 
SDG 8.3 
Promote development-oriented 
policies that support productive 
activities, decent job creation, 
entrepreneurship, creativity and 
innovation. 
SDG 12.6 
Encourage companies, especially 
large and transnational 
companies, to adopt sustainable 
practices and to integrate 
sustainability information into 
their reporting cycle. 
Link to strategy 

[page 46]
As a Group, we believe in the power 
of communities – and we stand with 
those facing social disadvantage, 
housing insecurity and low financial 
capability as well as the global 
challenge of transitioning to net zero, 
which affects us all. Our commitment 
is to act with purpose through 
investment and skills. 
Through our Community Engagement programme, we join 
forces with specialist partners, using our scale and expertise 
to work towards a more inclusive and sustainable society. 
Our support takes many forms – from direct financial 
contributions to colleague volunteering and fundraising – 
all measured with the Business for Societal Impact (B4SI) 
external framework to ensure transparency and impact. 
By funding our four charitable Foundations, partnering 
with Crisis to unlock access to quality affordable housing, 
delivering financial education to children and young people, 
and working with the Woodland Trust to protect nature, 
we are helping to break cycles of disadvantage and drive 
meaningful change for generations to come. 
Our primary volunteering themes 
remain closely aligned to our Group’s 
purpose and strategic partnerships 
to support our impact as a Group. 
Our volunteering programme supports colleagues to give 
at least eight hours a year within work time to volunteer 
in communities. Volunteers have been involved in activities 
ranging from tree planting through our partnership with 
the Woodland Trust to supporting charities with strategic 
challenges. Skills volunteering continues to be a key goal to 
better serve our communities – both applying our own skills 
and developing the skills of charities and community groups. 
Throughout 2025, 10,809 colleagues volunteered more 
than 91,000 hours across the UK with over 46% using 
their skills to support across our partnerships and key 
themes of sustainability, financial education, housing and 
homelessness, and charities supported by our charitable 
foundations. Colleagues also claim matched giving, managed 
by our Foundations, for the volunteering that they do in their 
personal time. 
We have undertaken a comprehensive review of our 
volunteering strategy, reaffirming our commitment to 
Helping Britain Prosper through purposeful action. Grounded 
in colleague insight, sector benchmarking and cultural 
reflection, our strategy reimagines volunteering as a strategic 
enabler – embedding it into our Group strategy and aligning 
it with our core themes of housing, financial resilience, 
sustainability and place-based impact. The renewed 
approach expands flexibility and access, re-emphasises skills-
based and team volunteering, and leverages technology 
to match colleagues with causes that matter. By integrating 
gamification, recognition and leadership endorsement, 
we are fostering a culture where volunteering is not only 
encouraged but celebrated. This transformation empowers 
colleagues to grow, connect and contribute, bringing our 
values to life and delivering meaningful change in the 
communities we serve. 
More information can be found about our financial 
education schools volunteering programme on 
page 34. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting regional development and communities continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  45 
04 Help communities to develop and 
adapt to immediate and future 
needs through community 
investment and engagement 
Colleague volunteering 
B4SI aligned community 
investment in 2025
£69.2m 


[page 47]
Supporting housing as a route 
to end homelessness 
Homelessness remains one of the most urgent challenges 
facing our society. At Lloyds Banking Group, housing is 
embedded in our purpose, and through our partnership 
with Crisis and Simon Community Northern Ireland, 
we are helping to deliver lasting change. 
Now in its third year, our partnership is driving both direct 
support and systemic change. Since launching in April 2023, 
colleagues have raised almost £5 million and volunteered 
more than 11,000 hours to support people experiencing 
homelessness. This includes 176 Changing Lives grants, 
helping individuals to start businesses, enter education, 
or gain qualifications. Colleagues have also contributed 
517 hours of tailored mentoring, workshops and coaching – 
giving people the confidence and skills to succeed. 
In 2025, Good Place Lettings, a not-for-profit lettings agency 
designed to break down barriers to affordable housing, 
opened its doors, directly funded through our colleague 
fundraising. This practical innovation complements our 
joint national advocacy, including a call from the Group 
and Crisis for 1 million new social homes by 2033, keeping 
housing firmly on the national agenda. 
We are also expanding our support for Crisis’ Skylight centres, 
funding frontline services across nine locations. These centres 
offer personalised care through dedicated lead workers, 
helping people access the right services for their situation. 
Over 20,000 colleagues have completed understanding 
homelessness awareness training. Crisis Advocate training 
has started at the end of 2025 where those trained are able 
to use their voices to champion change. Signature events like 
the Atlas Mountain trek, City Walks and the Sahara Desert 
Trek continue to inspire action and raise vital funds. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting regional development and communities continued 
Help communities to develop and adapt to immediate and future needs through community investment and engagement continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025 46 
Charity 
partnerships Woodland Trust 
We are contributing to a greener and 
more sustainable future through our 
partnership with Woodland Trust 
and our commitment to planting 
10 million trees over the 10 years 
to the end of the decade. 
To meet the UK’s goal of net zero 
carbon emissions by 2050, woodland 
cover needs to increase from 13% 
to 19%, (the equivalent to 1.5 billion 
trees) but the UK currently has one 
of the lowest levels of woodland 
cover in Europe at 13.5%, (25th out 
of 28 countries). 
Our partnership contributes towards 
this goal, while also enabling 
colleagues to volunteer with the 
Woodland Trust in both tree planting 
and inventory activity. In 2025, 
a further 1 million trees have been 
planted as a result of the partnership. 
>£1.8m 
raised by colleagues and 
customers to support Crisis 
and Simon Community in 2025 
SDG 13.3 
Improve education, awareness-
raising and human and 
institutional capacity on climate 
change mitigation, adaptation, 
impact reduction and early 
warning. 
SDG 15.a 
Mobilize and significantly 
increase financial resources 
from all sources to conserve 
and sustainably use biodiversity 
and ecosystems. 
Link to strategy 
6m 
trees planted since 2020 
with the Woodland Trust
Purpose in action

[page 48]
2025 marks the 40th anniversary 
of our four charitable Foundations, 
demonstrating the Group’s long-term 
commitment to communities across 
the UK and Northern Ireland. The 
Foundations support small and local 
charities tackling social disadvantage 
in the areas that need it most. 
This year’s £35.7 million donation from the Group takes the 
total since 1985 to more than £800 million, with at least 
another £100 million pledged by 2030. The Foundations 
invest this funding to help people overcome issues such 
as poor mental health, domestic abuse, addiction and 
homelessness. Beyond funding, around 700 colleagues 
have volunteered to share their skills and expertise to 
further support small charities. 
Together with all four Foundations, we commissioned new 
research in 2025 to understand charities’ role in improving 
financial resilience. Consumers told us that support was 
well received, but charities felt their capacity was low. 
In response, the Group donated £2 million to create a 
£4 million joint fund with the Foundations to build charity 
capability and capacity. The Lloyds Bank Academy will also 
provide tailored training and resources to charities in 2026. 
£35.7m 
donated to our charitable 
Foundations in 2025 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting regional development and communities continued 
Help communities to develop and adapt to immediate and future needs through community investment and engagement continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025 47 
Our charitable 
Foundations 
Lloyds Bank Foundation 
for England and Wales 
Lloyds Bank Foundation for England and 
Wales is supporting Women and Digital 
Inclusion (WODIN) with a three-year 
unrestricted grant of £75,000, plus strategic 
development support an
d Lloyds Banking 
Group’s colleague volunteers through the 
Bank of Scotland Foundation 
Every day, children as young as five wake up 
not to cartoons, but to adult responsibilities: 
cooking meals, administering medication, 
comforting parents battling illness or 
addiction. Many don’t realise they are 
'young carers', leading to exhaustion, 
isolation, and falling behind at school. 
Halifax Foundation 
for Northern Ireland 
Commedia of Errors create art that responds 
to challenges and questions the changing 
times in which we live. They aim to grow, 
develop and inform audiences, beneficiaries 
and the arts sector and to broaden and 
deepen engagement by overcoming barriers 
Lloyds Bank Foundation 
for the Channel Islands 
Also celebrating their 40th anniversary, 
Guernsey-based charity, Grow, received 
one of the very first donations made by the 
Lloyds Bank Foundation for the Channel 
Islands. Forty years ago, the £5,000 donation 
funded two watercress beds, a new boiler, 
Skills Exchange Programme. 
WODIN helps migrant women across 
Merseyside get digitally and socially 
connected. It runs free digital skills training 
in a flexible environment so women with 
children can attend without worrying about 
childcare. Learning digital skills builds 
confidence, connections and independence. 
WODIN’s Founder and CEO, Sylvia, said: 
“We’ve never h
ad that kind of funding before, 
where you choose where you put the money, 
where your organisation needs it most. 
As well as funding, we have had support 
with a business strategist who has helped 
us reshape our vision, shape our strategy, 
create proper strategic objectives and we 
have a plan how we are going to give it legs. 
We needed support with our financial 
management, and with support from Lloyds 
colleagues we now have a tool that has 
helped me apply for more funding.” 
Edinbur
gh Young Carers exists to change that, 
giving these children the chance to be children 
again. Since the pandemic, referrals have surged 
by 150%, with carers aged five to nine up 75%. 
Without support, their futures are at risk. 
Bank of Scotland Foundation is helping 
through a multi-year grant of £88,580, 
enabling Edinburgh Young Carers to expand 
capacity, reduce waiting lists, and provide 
one-to-one counselling, family services and 
social activities. Thanks to this funding, 70 
more children each year can improve school 
attendance, wellbeing and confidence. Every 
child deserves to be a child first. Bank of 
Scotland Foundation is making that possible. 
Margaret Murphy, CEO of Edinburgh Young 
Carers, explained: “The Foundation’s multi-
year grant has allowed us to significantly 
increase our capacity to support our 
youngest carers. We can now work with 
these young people much more quickly, 
to arts participation. They also run the Plays 
Aloud programme, an older people specialist 
th
eatre programme with a particular focus 
on dementia. It connects with isolated older 
people living in care homes, nursing homes 
and dementia units across Northern Ireland, 
bringing arts activities and performances 
to those with no access to traditional arts 
programming. 
Commedia of Errors have secured 10 grants 
from the Halifax Foundation since 2015 
including a two-year, £40,000 grant through 
the 40 Invest Grant Programme. They have 
also been matched with a Lloyds Banking 
Group mentor through the Mentoring 
Programme. This developmental partnership 
fosters personal and professional growth, 
enabling the charity to navigate challenges 
and enhance their leadership skills. 
infrastructure to provide water to the 
project, and a cold store. These proved vital 
investmen
ts for the charity, whose mission 
is to support adults with learning disabilities 
and difficulties develop self-confidence and 
life skills; enabling them to be included and 
valued within a workplace and the wider 
community by providing occupational 
training and mentoring in a safe and 
stimulating environment. Fast forward 
to 2025 and Grow has benefitted from 
£200,000 from the Foundation, with funds 
over the years supporting new glass houses, 
site redevelopment and staff salaries. 
Marguerite Talmage, Grow Board Trustee 
said: “Grow has become part of the Guernsey 
community… every family can have people 
with learning disability among them – Grow 
is a safe haven for them to come and learn 
additional skills.” 
which has made a real difference for both 
the children and our staff.” 
Sylvia Kalungi, Margaret Murphy, Commedia GROW crew 
Founder and CEO of Edinburgh of Errors ' manning 
CEO, WODIN Young Carers with Plays Aloud' their newly 
Development programme opened shop
Worker, Mel Aitken 
and Young Carer, 
Amelia 

[page 49]
Building an 
inclusive 
organisation 
We aspire to be the UK’s 
leading business for inclusion – 
supporting our customers, 
colleagues and communities. 
In this section 
Create a more inclusive organisation 
that is representative of our society 50 
Remove barriers and provide opportunities 
for our colleagues to thrive  54 
Our ambition is to build a workforce that reflects 
the diversity of the society we operate in, enabling 
us to better serve those we work with and for. 
57 
Support 
the health, safety and wellbeing of 
our colleagues 
Provide 
the appropriate technology, tools and 
skills for our colleagues to thrive 58 
We recognise that our success depends on our 
people. Attracting and retaining top talent is critical 
to delivering our strategic transformation. That’s 
why we’re focused on creating an environment 
where colleagues feel supported, empowered 
and confident about their future. 
From inclusive practices to a safe and healthy 
workplace, we are committed to fostering a culture 
where everyone can thrive, learn and grow – driving 
productivity, resilience and long-term value for 
the Group. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  48 
Sustainable Development Goals 
See our full reporting suite on 
the sustainability page of our website.

[page 50]
Objectives Highli ght Our im pact Linked  to strategy 
01 
Create a more inclusive 
organisation that 
is representative 
of our society 
Strong inclusion score (84%) 
from 2
025 MyVoice annual 
engage
ment survey 40.4% 
of executive roles held by women 
and 17.5% of executive roles held 
by Black, Asian or Minority 
heritage colleagues 
See page  50 
Change 
02 
Remove barriers and 
provide opportunities 
for our colleagues to thrive 
Recognised in the Top 75 
Social Mobility Employer 
Index, debuting at 
40th place 
Overal l 22% of our UK 
colleagues are from 
low socio-economic 
backgrounds
1 
See page  54 
1 From our 2025 annual colleague survey, 
65% of colleagues have shared their socio-
economic background with us. 
Change 
03 
Support the health, 
safety and wellbeing 
of our colleagues 
1,703 
wellbeing advocates onboarded 
across
 our business 
2025 e
NPS 
+23 
(increased by 15 points 
from last year) 
See page  57 
Change 
Building confidence in 
developing new skills to 
transform how we show 
up for customers 
04 
Provide the appropriate 
technology, tools and 
skills for our colleagues 
to thrive 
c.10k 
colleagues participated in Data 
& AI s
ummer school in 2025 
See page  58 
Change 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Building an inclusive organisation continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  49 
Pillar objectives, 
highlights 
and impact 
We aspire to be the UK’s leading 
business for inclusion – building 
a workforce that reflects the diversity 
of the society we operate in, enabling 
us to better serve those we work 
with and for.

[page 51]
Embedding inclusion at the heart 
of our transformation 
Reflecting the society we serve is at the heart of our 
transformation. It enables us to design products and services 
that truly meet customer needs, attract exceptional talent 
and build stronger connections with communities. At Lloyds 
Banking Group, inclusion isn’t an add-on – it’s a driver of 
progress for colleagues, customers and communities. 
In 2025, we have continued to embed inclusion into how 
we work – linking it to our purpose, performance and culture. 
This approach helps us deliver better experiences for 
customers and accelerate meaningful change. 
We are evolving our approach by making Inclusion the 
organising principle of our people and customer strategy. 
This reflects what our colleagues and customers expect, 
aligns with regulatory standards, strengthens our ability 
to attract talent, serve diverse markets and customers, 
and manage risk. Diversity and equity remain essential 
outcomes of our approach. 
Finally, we’ve strengthened the structures that support 
inclusion across the Group, recognising that in a fast-
changing and often challenging world, inclusion provides 
stability and confidence for everyone. 
Inclusive transformation: Driving 
measurable impact 
To unlock better experiences for colleagues, customers and 
the business, we’ve introduced our Inclusive Transformation 
approach – a bold shift in how we design, work and lead. 
This approach aims to embed inclusion into everything 
we do, equipping leaders and line managers to champion 
inclusive behaviours every day. It helps colleagues navigate 
complexity and societal change with a globally aware, 
future-ready mindset, ensuring inclusion is not an add-
on but a core part of how we operate. 
Inclusive behaviour strategy 
Our strategy positions inclusion as an enabler of high 
performance and team effectiveness, with leaders shaping 
inclusive cultures. In 2025 we: 
• Introduced a module for leaders and line managers 
to support them with fostering psychological safety 
and belonging within their teams 
• Embedded inclusion governance and principles into 
organisational design, pay and recruitment, strengthening 
the quality and consistency of decisions. For example, 
ahead of pay and GPS reviews, we strengthened line 
manager training to further build capability in identifying 
and managing potential bias 
Inclusive recruitment 
We have taken significant steps to make recruitment 
more inclusive: 
• Embedding inclusive thinking from the outset through 
cross-functional working 
• Training hiring managers on disability and neurodiversity 
• Improving role adverts with Textio, ensuring higher 
inclusive language scores 
• Undergoing an audit through Lexxic and driving actions 
to improve experiences for neurodiverse colleagues 
• Working with the talent team to create relevant social 
content to attract talent from under-represented groups 
across the UK 
Inclusive design in practice 
We have embedded inclusion into people processes, policies 
and propositions: 
• People Platform teams apply Inclusion guidance at the 
start of product design for accessibility and fairness 
• Inclusive principles integrated into pay, organisational 
design, recruitment and learning, with mandatory 
guidance before completion 
• Interlocked with business areas to embed inclusive 
thinking consistently 
• Our policy teams are inclusion champions and we work 
collaboratively on reviews and new policies 
Listening and measuring impact 
We continue to listen to colleagues and ensure they feel 
safe and included. Our Inclusion Index has risen year-on-year 
to 84% in 2025, showing tangible progress. 
Context and commitment 
Amid heightened global attention on equity and 
inclusion, we remain committed to embedding inclusion 
into every aspect of our business – as we believe that 
it is a driver of performance, innovation and trust. 
2026 will see us reboot inclusion further – under our 
banner of Inclusive Transformation. Our long-term 
commitment is to embed inclusion into decision making 
and actions. It’s about building a high-performing 
culture where inclusion is a habit, not a headline. 
From inclusive design and data-driven insight to inclusive 
behaviours and societal impact, this is about making 
inclusion the enabler of everything we do, wherever we 
do it – to create more opportunities and better outcomes 
for our customers, colleagues and communities. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Building an inclusive organisation continued 
01 Create a more inclusive organisation 
that is representative of our society
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  50 


[page 52]
We are dedicated to advancing 
gender equality by strengthening 
the talent pipeline and driving 
balanced representation in senior 
leadership roles. 
Advancing gender balance in our 
leadership team 
In 2025 we set a new ambition to reach and maintain 
a gender balance of between 45-55% in executive roles by 
the end of 2030
1,2. Setting this ambition for our leadership 
team is important in providing role modelling and inspiration 
for our colleagues and ensures more inclusive strategic 
decision making. At the end of 2025, the number of women 
in executive level roles stands at 40.4%, putting us on track 
to meet our 2030 ambitions
1,2.
Women in executive roles: 
(%) 
2025 
40.4% 
40.4% 
 Progress
 2030 goal range Link to str ategy 
We proudly co-sponsor the government-backed FTSE 
Women Leaders Review which sets recommendations 
to increase the representation of women on boards and 
in leadership. We achieved all of the Review’s recommendations 
in 2023, two years ahead of the deadline. In 2025 we 
achieved 13th place in the FTSE 100. 
In 2025, we actively engaged men to understand their 
perspectives on inclusion, through workshops and discussions 
on men’s mental and physical health, and an International 
Men’s Day campaign focused on positive male role models. 
A face-to-face Fatherhood hackathon aimed to address the 
challenges of working fathers, resulting in tangible solutions 
including a new “Dad@Work” hub. The outputs, alongside 
cultural change recommendations and inclusive policies, 
significantly strengthened parental support for men and 
visibility across the organisation. 
In 2025, our continued commitment has once again been 
recognised externally, with our inclusion in the Times Top 50 
Employers for Gender Equality for the 14th consecutive year. 
Supporting women into tech and data 
28.6% of our UK tech and data roles are held by women, 
reflecting broader market trends. As demand for these skills 
continues to grow, Lloyds Banking Group are committed to 
improving gender balance in this space. Our award-winning 
Elevate Programme, which develops leadership capability 
among women across tech, data and security, continues 
to be a focus, with over 100 women participating in 2025. 
We’re proud that many participants have seen a positive 
impact on their careers. 
Growing future talent 
In 2025, we continued to attract women into our tech 
and data graduate and apprenticeship programmes, with 
women making up 46.2% of graduates and 48.7% of 
apprentices. This progress is vital to building a balanced 
pipeline for future senior roles and ensuring long-term 
inclusion in the industry. 
By investing in early career pathways, we’re helping to 
shape a more inclusive future for tech and data at Lloyds 
Banking Group. 
Our Breakthrough network 
Our Breakthrough network is committed to ensuring a 
truly gender-inclusive workplace. In 2025, it observed key 
dates such as International Women’s Day and Menopause 
Awareness Month with a series of events, and refreshed 
initiatives such as Empower Half Hour: 12 weeks of bite-
sized, high-impact development challenges to help women 
build confidence, strengthen their personal brand, and 
prepare for career progression. 
This year also saw the launch of the Breakthrough Male 
Allies workstream, encouraging men to actively support 
inclusion through inclusive leadership, increased 
participation in equity efforts, and community-building 
via mentorship and storytelling. 
Gender pay gap 
Work is continuing towards reducing the gender pay 
gap with the mean gender gap reducing by 1 percentage 
point to 24.9% (April 2024 to April 2025). The full 
gender and ethnicity pay gap report is available in 
our 
sustainability downloads
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Building an inclusive organisation continued 
Create a more inclusive organisation that is representative of our society continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  51 
Gender 
45% to 55%
1 Executive roles include UK and international based Grade X colleagues only, 
excluding those based in the US and subject to local laws and regulations. 
2 Gender data includes those on parental/maternity leave, absent without leave 
and long-term sick and excludes contractors, temporary and agency staff. 
International colleagues are included, except those based in the US, subject 
to local laws and regulations. 

[page 53]
Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic 
representation in executive roles: 
(%) 
17.5%
2025 17.5% 
 Progress
 2030 goal range Link to strategy 
19% to 22%
3.5% to 4% 
Black heritage representation 
in executive roles: 
(%) 
4.3% 
2025 4.3% 
 Progress
 2030 goal range Link to strategy 
We are committed to building an 
inclusive society and creating an 
organisation that reflects the diverse 
community that we serve. 
Increasing representation of colleagues of Black, Asian and 
Minority Ethnic heritage remains a focus as we continue to 
make progress in the right direction. 
We have now entered into the next chapter of our journey with 
our 2030 ambitions reflecting both our ongoing transformation 
and the evolving diversity of society. Based on UK census data 
and industry benchmarks, we set ranging UK ethnicity ambitions 
of 3.5-4% for Black heritage and 19-22% for Black, Asian and 
Minority Ethnic colleagues in executive
1,2 roles. 
We continue to exceed the Parker Review recommendation 
of at least one Black, Asian or Minority Ethnic Board 
member. For details on Board ethnicity, see page 136 
of the annual report and accounts
Guided by our commitment to reflect the diverse 
communities that we serve and our insights based 
Race 
Action Plan  since 2020, we remain focused on driving 
cultural change, improving recruitment and progression, 
and supporting Black heritage communities across the UK. 
Upskilling colleagues and supporting with 
career progression 
In 2025, in response to the ongoing slow progress towards 
achieving our Black heritage representation ambitions, we 
invited all middle managers to senior leader Black heritage 
colleagues to participate in a Career Conversation, aiming to 
better understand colleagues’ career experiences and goals, 
sharing the existing support available and helping to create 
connections, including exploring opportunities for 
mentorship and sponsorship. 
Attracting and recruiting 
In 2025, we launched a series of invite only Regional 
Thought Leadership and Networking events hosted by Group 
Executive Committee members with the aim of building 
external communities around our hub locations. The events 
are focused on professionals who we believe have the skills, 
insight and experience relevant to our businesses, helping 
to create a diverse talent pool for today and for the future. 
Growing future talent 
We welcomed another cohort of Black heritage interns from 
the 10,000 Interns Foundation, with 21 students joining us in 
2025. 140 T-Level students, age 16–19, completed an 11-week 
paid work placement in our cyber, data, engineering and 
finance teams. In 2025, 37% of these students were of Black, 
Asian or Minority Ethnic heritage
2.
In 2025, we also welcomed new graduates with 45% 
of Black, Asian or Minority Ethnic heritage and 10% of 
Black heritage. 
Our colleague networks 
Our Race, Ethnicity and Cultural Heritage (REACH) network, 
Black Organisation for Leadership and Development (BOLD) 
and Faith community groups continue to support colleagues’ 
career ambitions and foster an empowering environment. 
In 2025, they hosted events and activities to connect Black, 
Asian and Minority Ethnic colleagues and allies, both virtually 
and in person. 
Our two executive allies reinforce our commitment to 
ethnicity inclusion at the highest levels, including the Group 
Executive Committee and Board, demonstrating visible 
leadership support. 
We are committed to listening to our colleagues to better 
understand their experiences and track progress against our 
ambitions. Listening sessions are also crucial for us to ensure 
we understand social issues that impact all of our colleagues 
and improve how we respond to them. 
External recognition 
At the 2025 Ethnicity Awards we were once again recognised 
as overall ‘Outstanding Employer’ for the fourth time since 
the launch of the awards in 2018. This is in recognition of 
a business which is investing in the ethnicity agenda across 
various criteria such as capturing diversity data, 
implementing an action plan, building understanding and 
supporting development and representation of diverse 
ethnic groups. 
Ethnicity pay gap 
Continued progress has been made with the mean gap 
reducing by 1.3% to 1.7% (April 2024 to April 2025). The full 
gender and ethnicity Pay Gap report is available in our 
sustainability downloads
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Building an inclusive organisation continued 
Create a more inclusive organisation that is representative of our society continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025 52 
Ethnicity 
1 Executive roles include UK-based Grade X colleagues only. 
2 All diversity information for ethnicity, disability, sexual orientation and gender 
identity is based on voluntary self-declaration by colleagues. Our systems do 
not record diversity data of colleagues who have not declared this information 
and is for UK payroll only. 

[page 54]
We’re committed to creating a more 
inclusive working environment for 
our LGBTQ+ colleagues. 
We are proud to be recognised as a leading employer in 
LGBTQ+ inclusion. We continue to enhance the workplace 
experience for LGBTQ+ colleagues by championing a culture 
where everyone feels supported, valued, and able to be 
their authentic selves. We are committed to understanding 
the challenges LGBTQ+ individuals may face and remain 
engaged in addressing these through meaningful action 
and inclusive practices. 
Support for colleagues 
In 2025, we formally launched an enhanced Employee 
Assistance Programme (EAP) tailored for LGBTQ+ colleagues 
and allies – believed to be the first of its kind in the UK 
offered by any employer and EAP provider. This pioneering 
service, developed in response to colleague feedback, was 
piloted in 2024 and is now a permanent offering. Staffed 
by individuals with lived experience and specialist training, 
it provides a safe, empathetic space for support, shared 
experiences, and access to tailored resources. 
Sharing best practice 
We’ve continued our series of LGBTQ+ Client Roundtable 
events, aimed at promoting best practice, uniting 
organisations around shared themes, and collaboratively 
exploring the challenges faced by the LGBTQ+ community 
both within the workplace and in wider society. 
In 2025, we hosted a pioneering LGBTQ+ Mental Health 
Conference, bringing together industry experts, charities, 
and our external clients and colleagues to promote 
understanding, share best practice and build connections. 
Our Rainbow Network 
Our LGBTQ+ colleague network, Rainbow, plays a pivotal 
role in our approach, and for over ten years has been 
committed to connecting, developing and supporting 
colleagues across the Group. 
Pride continues to be an all-year round celebration of all 
sexual orientations and gender identities. Activities peak in 
the summer with almost 1,000 colleagues and their guests 
taking part in 27 external Pride events across the UK. 
Throughout the year, we also honour key moments in the 
LGBTQ+ calendar, including LGBTQ+ History Month in 
February and National Coming Out Day in October. 
We aspire to be a best-in-class leader 
in disability and neuro-inclusion. 
Alongside our ambition and guided by our Blueprint for 
disability and neuro-inclusion, we’ve committed to making 
recruitment more inclusive, supporting career development, 
and improving accessibility in workspaces and technology. 
In May 2025 we held a tailored facilitated workshop for all 
our Talent Acquisition Managers, which tangibly increased 
their confidence supporting hiring managers and candidates 
with disabilities and neurodivergent conditions, throughout 
the recruitment process. 
To strengthen our commitment to neuro-inclusion we 
applied for Lexxic’s “Neurodiversity Smart” (ND Smart) 
accreditation, which evaluates how effectively an 
organisation supports neurodivergent colleagues. The 
assessment involved a comprehensive review of our people 
processes and policies, covering recruitment, performance, 
wellbeing, workplace design, communications, procurement 
and customer engagement. We’re proud to have achieved 
Certified status on our very first assessment. 
Support for colleagues 
We also launched our Group-wide disability and 
neurodiversity upskill programme. Developed based on 
colleague feedback, it includes an interactive e-module, 
a toolkit and workshops for line managers, delivered in 
partnership with the Business Disability Forum. You can 
find out more about this initiative on 
page 58. 
In 2025, we expanded the pilot circular mentoring 
programme for senior leaders and colleagues with disabilities 
and neurodivergent conditions, aiming to boost 
understanding and support career progression, with 
95 colleagues participating this year.
 
Our colleague networks 
Our Access network supports colleagues with disabilities, 
long-term health conditions, neurodivergent conditions and 
allies by raising awareness, providing upskilling, fostering 
community support and reducing stigma. It includes 
communities such as neurodiversity and a d/Deaf Culture 
Club, with an executive ally reinforcing our commitment 
through visible leadership. 
In 2025, Access hosted its second Hackcess event, focused 
on inclusive recruitment and leveraging the knowledge and 
lived experiences of over 80 colleagues to improve our 
workplace through innovative design thinking. 
External recognition 
We’re proud to be an accredited Neurodiversity Smart 
certified business, the world’s first quality mark for neuro-
inclusion in the workplace. 
In 2025, our Chief Executive Officer for Consumer Relationships 
was recognised in the global Enable Advocate Role Model list. 
As headline sponsor of Naidex, the UK’s largest conference 
for the disabled community, we have introduced the Elevate 
disabled entrepreneurs pitch competition – the first of its kind. 
Inclusive buildings and workplace 
We recognise that an inclusive workplace is essential for 
colleagues to thrive. In 2025, we strengthened design 
standards to support neurodivergent colleagues and those 
with accessibility needs. Updates include sensory-friendly 
environments, varied workspaces, and improved accessibility 
features in our kitchenettes as well as the provision of 
Changing Places facilities. 
We continue to embed our inclusive design principles, 
including wider speed gates as well as consistent layouts 
and signage. Seven major offices have been transformed 
using these standards with our colleagues at the heart of 
these changes. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Building an inclusive organisation continued 
Create a more inclusive organisation that is representative of our society continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  53 
Sexual 
orientation and 
gender identity 
Disability and 
neurodiversity

[page 55]
We focus on social mobility and remain 
committed to removing barriers and 
providing opportunities for people 
from all socio-economic backgrounds 
to reach their potential. 
An individual’s socio-economic background can significantly 
shape their career opportunities. Research consistently 
reveals career progression gaps linked to socio-economic 
background. For instance, a major analysis found that 
employees from lower socio-economic backgrounds took, 
on average, 19% longer to earn promotions than peers 
from more advantaged backgrounds
1.
Aligned with our purpose of Helping Britain Prosper, our 
social mobility efforts reflect our commitment to inclusive 
opportunity and meaningful change. This year we set an 
ambition to be recognised as a leading UK employer that 
removes barriers and creates opportunities for individuals 
from all socio-economic backgrounds to reach their full 
potential. This will be achieved by increasing access to 
meaningful careers for people from lower socio-economic 
backgrounds and support improved outcomes for pupils 
from all backgrounds. To strengthen our understanding, 
we’ve made it easier for colleagues to share their socio-
economic background through our central people system, 
with an ambition of 70% UK colleague participation. This 
data is vital to enhancing our inclusive insights. At the end 
of 2025, 30.6% of colleagues had participated. 
Understanding our colleagues 
In our 2025 annual colleague survey, 65% of UK colleagues 
have shared their socio-economic background with us. 
Notably, 22% of colleagues overall and 21% of our senior 
colleagues are from low socio-economic backgrounds
2.
Recognised in the Top 75 Social Mobility Employer Index, 
debuting at an impressive 40th place, this is an annual 
benchmarking and assessment tool that measures employer-
led social mobility across eight key areas using the latest 
research and best practice. 
We’re proud to be named as a finalist in four categories at 
the 2025 UK Social Mobility Awards; Organisation of the Year, 
Social Mobility Network, Pre-Recruitment Programme and 
one of our senior leaders was a finalist of the Champion of 
the Year. 
Our social mobility colleague network 
Boost is dedicated to raising awareness and driving 
education around social mobility, while empowering 
individuals to thrive, regardless of their starting point in life. 
Through collaboration with our other colleague networks, 
Boost has hosted impactful events, including a Social 
Mobility in Financial Services session, and supported 
initiatives like National Mentoring Day. Our two executive 
allies play a pivotal role in advancing this focus, actively 
reinforcing our commitment to social mobility at the highest 
levels, including the Group Executive Committee and the 
Board and demonstrating visible leadership support. 
Supporting the next generation 
In 2025, we supported young people in education from 
primary to further and higher education. Our Youth outreach 
helped over 100,000 young people develop essential skills 
and experiences to realise their potential. In 2025, 18% of 
our summer interns and 23% of our graduate intake told 
us they are from a lower socio-economic background. 
It’s been an exciting year in terms of our legal work 
experience and insights offering as part of PRIME, an alliance 
of law firms and in-house legal teams across the UK and 
Republic of Ireland determined to improve access to, and 
socio-economic diversity within, the legal profession. We’ve 
successfully designed and delivered a range of face-to-face 
and virtual legal work experience and insights programmes 
to over 3,600 ambitious students. 
We launched Project Hope in partnership with NHS West 
Yorkshire, supporting care-experienced young people. Led by 
our Consumer Relationship team, we onboarded five care 
leavers into full-time roles in 2024, and in 2025 this increased 
by a further 15. We’re proud to be a signatory to the Care 
Leaver Covenant, further deepening our commitment. 
1 Social Mobility Progression Report 2022: Mind the Gap – By KPMG and Bridge Group
2 Based on voluntary declaration by colleagues. UK payroll only. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Building an inclusive organisation continued 
Purpose in action Lloyds Bank Academy plays a key role by 
providing tailored financial, digital and 
career skills training, delivered during 
induction and beyond. The Academy 
helps care leavers build confidence, 
manage money and develop essential 
digital capabilities. This support equips 
care leavers with financial literacy and 
digital confidence, enabling them to 
access online services, use workplace 
tools effectively and build personal 
financial resilience. It eases their 
transition into roles at Lloyds Banking 
Group and helps them thrive 
professionally and personally. 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  54 
Project 
Hope 
My experience of joining 
and working for the Group 
so far has been very good 
and very smooth. I feel 
that there has been a lot 
of support in regard to 
integrating within the 
Group. This has given me 
an opportunity to gain 
professional experience 
with a well-established and 
reputable company. I have 
also been able to network 
a lot more in this company 
than I have before.” 
Lorin C 
new-joiner 
SDG 4.4 
Increase relevant skills for 
employment. 
SDG 4.6 
Achieve literacy and numeracy. 
SDG 8.6 
By 2020, substantially reduce 
the proportion of youth not in 
employment, education or 
training (NEET). 
Link to strategy 
02 Remove barriers and provide 
opportunities for our colleagues 
to thrive

[page 56]
When colleagues can be themselves 
at work, we unlock our business’s full 
potential. By creating a workplace 
where everyone is valued and 
empowered, we drive innovation, 
fuel sustainable growth and deliver 
impact for customers, communities 
and shareholders. 
Grow with purpose 
Lloyds Banking Group is committed to building inclusive and 
sustainable futures for people and businesses across the UK, 
guided by our purpose of Helping Britain Prosper. 
This purpose shapes every decision we make, ensuring we 
deliver positive outcomes for customers, colleagues and 
communities while driving sustainable growth and returns 
for shareholders. 
Central to this is embedding our values and fostering a 
culture that empowers colleagues to deliver our ambitious 
transformation and growth strategy, enabling us to grow 
existing businesses and create new ones responsibly. 
Our leaders are central to cultural renewal. Grow With 
Purpose, our leadership development programme, drives this 
effort. In 2023 we focused on organisational shifts; in 2024, 
on the customer and digital leadership; and in 2025, on 
reinventing businesses to enable growth and innovation. 
The Bank’s top 320 leaders were brought together in smaller 
cohorts and over two days listened to a variety of internal 
and external speakers on these themes. Further cascade 
activities will happen in 2026 to embed these learnings 
into other echelons of leadership. 
In driving the change, leaders are supported by a movement 
of over 7,300 colleagues as ‘Catalysts’ across the business. 
Representing more than 10% of our colleague population, 
these changemakers role-model our values and purpose, share 
stories and drive improvements by challenging the status quo 
and unblocking issues that get in the way of how we work. 
Our Catalysts inspire everyone across the Group to help 
us become a truly purpose-driven organisation. 
Recognition 
Recognition continues to be a cornerstone of our culture at 
Lloyds Banking Group. It boosts morale, strengthens engagement 
and fosters a sense of belonging – helping colleagues feel valued 
and motivated to deliver their best. Since June 2024, we’ve 
embarked on a transformation of our recognition approach 
and this year we’ve seen
 25% of our colleagues nominated for 
our annual Game Changer Awards, celebrating colleagues who’ve 
delivered game-changing outcomes for our customers and lived 
our values in meaningful ways. 
In 2025 we’ve also introduced a new recognition platform 
designed to be global, inclusive, accessible and embedded 
into the flow of work. We initially launched into our 
Hyderabad office, enabling our colleagues based in India 
to have access to a recognition platform for the first time, 
with recognition being sent between UK and India colleagues 
from November, demonstrating our commitment to inclusive 
practices across the regions we operate. 
We continue to celebrate our game changers. From local 
BU events to the Group-wide Customer Heroes celebration 
planned for March 2026, we’re continuing to spotlight 
those who go above and beyond. These stories are not just 
moments of appreciation – they’re powerful examples of the 
behaviours we want to see across the Group and the impact 
our colleagues have had on our customers. 
Colleague remuneration 
We continue to prioritise fairness, progression and certainty 
for colleagues. 
Since March 2022, we have increased the base pay of our 
colleagues by more than £1 billion, with a clear emphasis on 
supporting those on the lowest salaries. We have agreed a 
multi-year pay deal for 2026 and 2027 with our two recognised 
unions for our junior colleagues. For 2026, there will be a 
£1,200 pay award (pro-rated) and our minimum starting 
salary will be £26,200, representing a 4.8% increase. Colleagues 
can also increase their pay through growing their skills. 
The Group continues to be an accredited Living Wage 
Foundation Employer with current pay rates comfortably 
above the minimums required for accreditation. 
To encourage ownership, colleagues are eligible to 
participate in our HMRC-approved share plans. We also 
continued to promote our Healthy Finances Hub and 
Employee Assistance Programme to enable colleagues 
to support themselves at key personal moments. 
Further information is provided on pages 98 to 133 
in our 
annual report and accounts
Pension schemes 
98% of our employees participate in the Group pension 
schemes. 
Lloyds Banking Group Pensions Trustees Limited, which 
is responsible for managing the largest Group pension 
schemes, has the ambition to reduce the carbon emissions 
of its approximately £37 billion investments by at least 50% 
by 2030 and to be net zero by 2050. 
As part of this and in response to member feedback, Lloyds 
Banking Group Pensions Trustees Limited integrated 
sustainability considerations into its investment strategy, 
allowing our colleagues in the defined contribution schemes 
to opt to participate in an ESG-aligned pension investment. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Building an inclusive organisation continued 
Remove barriers and provide opportunities for our colleagues to thrive continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  55 
Supporting our colleagues

[page 57]
Performance management ‘Your Best’
Your Best is the way we enable high performance and 
continuous development. It helps everyone deliver brilliantly 
for our customers, communities and colleagues. 
At the heart of our performance management approach is a 
commitment to fostering a culture of high achievement and 
continuous improvement. We use our Your Best framework 
to empower colleagues through tailored tools, resources 
and ongoing support, encouraging them to take ownership 
of their development and performance. Colleagues set clear 
performance and development goals aligned with business 
priorities, supported by ongoing feedback, coaching and regular 
check-ins to ensure continuous growth and impactful delivery. 
We integrate wellbeing into performance conversations, 
ensuring leaders understand what colleagues need to 
perform sustainably. Where needed, appropriate reasonable 
adjustments are made to support colleagues to be at their best. 
Our focus is on driving high performance year-on-year, 
enabling individuals to deliver exceptional outcomes for 
our customers and communities. By refining our processes 
and guidance, we’re building teams that not only strive 
for excellence but drive meaningful business growth 
and positive impact across the Group. 
Colleague engagement 
In 2025, we strengthened how we listen to colleagues by 
introducing six surveys and reinstating joiner and leaver 
surveys, creating a continuous view of sentiment across 
the colleague lifecycle. With over 64,000 colleagues
1, this 
approach ensures timely insights across roles and locations. 
Our annual MyVoice survey achieved a record 85% 
completion and generated more than 200,000 comments, 
providing rich, actionable feedback. Combined with pulse 
surveys and lifecycle data, these insights give leaders a 
granular understanding of engagement drivers and enable 
practical changes that make the greatest impact. 
Results this year show robust improvements across 
themes, including our Employee Engagement Index (up 
four percentage points to 75%) and employee Net Promoter 
Score (up 15 points to +23). Taken together, these outcomes 
indicate we are in a strong position to continue to progress 
our transformation, with clearer insight to guide action 
at Group, function and team levels. 
We run quarterly Board listening sessions to connect the 
Board with colleagues across the Group through direct 
conversations on cultural and operational topics. We 
continue to share feedback promptly, support leaders to 
act on insights, and embed colleague voice into strategic 
decision making. 
During the year, the Group communicated directly with 
colleagues on performance, economic and regulatory 
changes, and key strategic initiatives. Meetings were also 
held with recognised unions. Stakeholder engagement 
at all levels is central to delivering our purpose of Helping 
Britain Prosper. 
The Board engages directly and indirectly with stakeholders 
to better understand colleagues’ perspectives and the 
Group’s impact on their daily lives. 
Please see our 
annual report and accounts on page 76, 
for additional information on how the Board engages with 
the workforce. 
Freedom of association 
and collective bargaining 
We support our colleagues' right to exercise freedom 
of association and have extensive colleague voice, 
consultation and collective bargaining processes in place. 
We continue to collectively consult and negotiate 
with two trade unions on behalf of our UK workforce 
at grades A-C. In 2025 we introduced three new 
colleague Forums – the People Forum, People 
Consultation Forum and Management Advisory Forum 
– designed to increase colleague voice at grades D-G 
where trade union membership is low. We collectively 
consult with the People Consultation Forum on 
matters impacting colleagues at grades D-G. 
Prosper 
We have launched Prosper – a GenAI-powered HR portal 
to radically simplify how our colleagues access people-
related information and support. As we moved content 
into the platform we also reimagined it, reducing 
the policy content by 60% and consolidating 
28 policy documents into 14 new policy 
standards that were written using inclusive, 
plain language. Prosper aims to increase the 
productivity of our colleagues, freeing up their 
time to support and deliver for our customers. 
Dealbreakers 
In 2025 we’ve embedded our ‘Dealbreakers’ which sit 
alongside our Values to clarify the behaviours we won’t 
tolerate. They are integrated into onboarding, key 
learning and colleague communications, reinforcing 
accountability and transparency across the Group. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Building an inclusive organisation continued 
Remove barriers and provide opportunities for our colleagues to thrive continued 
1 Based on average headcount figures for 2025. 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  56 


[page 58]
The health, safety and wellbeing of 
our colleagues is a key priority for the 
Group. We take a risk-led approach, 
guided by data insights and our 
organisational values, and informed 
by emerging trends to invest in a high-
performance, human-centred culture. 
Our model: Four integrated pillars 
We actively listen to colleagues through focus groups and 
surveys, review internal data, and draw insights from our 
wellbeing services to ensure we design propositions that 
meet the mental health and wellbeing needs of colleagues. 
These insights shape a flexible framework built on four pillars: 
1. Embedding wellbeing into everyday workflows 
2. Strengthening proactive wellbeing support 
3. Optimising clinical and specialist services 
4. Data-driven decision making 
Our wellbeing advocates – now over 1,700 strong – form 
a vibrant network championing health and wellbeing. 
Their whole-person focus recognises the link between 
mental and physical health. Feedback from advocates 
shapes campaigns to meet diverse workforce needs and 
tailor delivery locally for impact. We amplify this through 
targeted communications, authentic stories, and Group-
wide training. In 2025, all colleagues completed our 
mandatory mental health and wellbeing module, 
‘Looking after Yourself and Others’. As we enter 2026, 
we’re refreshing our suicide awareness training. 
Pushing mental health boundaries 
with clinical support 
Mental health is central to our wellbeing strategy, focused 
on prevention, support and recovery for everyday challenges 
and clinically diagnosed conditions. We work to break stigma 
by fostering psychological safety and encouraging open 
conversations, so colleagues feel confident seeking help 
and supporting others. 
In 2025, we co-created a market-leading LGBTQ+ mental 
health support service with our EAP provider, pairing 
colleagues with counsellors who share lived experience 
for greater empathy and understanding. We also launched 
a platform to advance mental health dialogue for LGBTQ+ 
colleagues, bringing together partners and charities to 
share insights and practical strategies for safer, more 
inclusive workplaces. 
Our commitment has been recognised through 
accreditation by the Mind Forward Alliance against its 
Thriving at Work Assessment. We achieved the highest 
standard, being rated as ‘Health Creating’ in 2025. 
Accessible support 
We believe wellbeing support should be easy to access, 
inclusive, and available whenever needed. That’s why 
we invest in market-leading services offering practical tools 
and expert help for everyday challenges or complex health 
needs. From mindfulness resources to confidential counselling 
and enhanced medical benefits, our approach ensures 
comprehensive, tailored support. 
Our partnership with Headspace provides free guided 
meditation and wellbeing content for colleagues and their 
families. Uptake continues to grow, with over 28,500 
colleagues and 3,000 family members registered, building 
resilience and reducing stress. 
For personalised assistance, our EAP offers 24/7 confidential 
support on mental health, legal and financial wellbeing, handling 
around 478 calls and 335 counselling sessions monthly. 
We also prioritise clinical care. In 2018, we increased mental 
health cover under our Private Medical Benefit to £50,000, 
creating parity with physical health. Utilisation data in 2025 
confirms its value, and we’ve enhanced this benefit by 
adding neurodiversity diagnostics, with further expansions 
planned for 2026. 
Supporting life stages and complex challenges 
Life doesn’t stand still – and neither do the challenges our 
colleagues face. We know wellbeing is shaped by personal 
circumstances, so we offer support beyond the workplace. 
From fertility journeys to menopause, and from domestic 
abuse to homelessness, our approach combines empathy 
with practical help. 
In 2024, we became the first UK bank recognised as a Fertility 
Friendly Employer by Fertility Matters. In 2025, we were named 
Family Friendly Employer of the Year and won Best Benefits to 
Support Reproductive Health. Our menopause accreditation 
reinforces this commitment, with tailored training and medical 
support through Bupa. 
We also take a stand on issues affecting safety and 
wellbeing. Working with charities such as Surviving Economic 
Abuse, Tender and EIDA, we provide guidance, awareness 
campaigns and direct assistance. Our Emergency Assistance 
Programme offers safe accommodation, one-to-one support, 
and privacy measures. In 2025, we ran our 16 Days of Action 
campaign and partnered with Women’s Aid and Police 
Scotland to raise awareness. 
Recognising links between homelessness and mental health, 
we extended support for colleagues facing housing 
insecurity, offering flexibility, paid leave and specialist 
signposting. Beyond internal support, we share expertise 
externally, contributing to the Manchester Gender Based 
Violence Board and hosting an EIDA Advisory Council 
meeting with senior policymakers. 
Colleague safety 
At Lloyds Banking Group, we are committed to the Health 
and Safety of our colleagues and customers. This 
commitment is reflected in our recent achievement. 
The Group is proud to have earned the RoSPA Gold Award 
for our Branch Network and the Silver Award for our Head 
Office Locations. 
The RoSPA Awards recognise organisations who have set the 
highest standards in accident prevention and commitment 
to health and safety sector-wide. 
By earning a RoSPA Award, organisations not only receive 
recognition for their accomplishments but also become part 
of a legacy that values dedication to high safety standards 
and commitment to excellence. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Building an inclusive organisation continued 
03 Support the health, safety and 
wellbeing of our colleagues
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  57 


[page 59]
Evolving skills for a sustainable future 
In 2025, we continue to build on our commitment to 
colleague learning and development, with a strategic focus 
on reskilling, digital transformation and the cultivation 
of critical people skills. Our approach is shaped by the 
successes and lessons of 2024, as we expand pathways, use 
technology to empower colleagues, and foster an inclusive, 
adaptable workforce which is fit for the future. 
Reskilling our colleagues 
Reskilling remains central to our talent strategy. In 2025, 
we launched four new self-paced pathways across Data 
Management, Cyber, Engineering and Economic Crime 
Prevention, enabling colleagues to build future-focused 
skills and prepare for emerging roles. So far this year, over 
1,750 colleagues have enrolled. Upon completion, they can 
apply for a Skill Boost Programme, an externally recognised 
certification to support career growth. Our aim is to make 
reskilling accessible to all, empowering individuals to take 
ownership of their development while enhancing workforce 
agility. This approach supports both personal progression 
and organisational resilience in a rapidly evolving environment. 
Harnessing AI to future-proof learning 
and skills development 
In 2025, Lloyds Banking Group took a bold step forward 
in embedding artificial intelligence across our learning 
ecosystem. We launched the Copilot Academy, a Group-
wide initiative designed to empower colleagues to engage 
with AI responsibly and confidently. Building on this 
momentum, 2026 will see the introduction of a broader 
AI Academy, expanding access to cutting-edge learning 
pathways and fostering digital fluency at scale. We’ve also 
invested in the Cambridge Spark programme, equipping our 
senior leaders in AI technology as well as helping them to 
identify opportunities and use cases. 
As part of our continuous innovation cycle, we’ve invested 
in multiple AI proofs-of-concept aimed at supercharging skills 
development. In 2026, we will launch Agentic AI solutions, 
including a skills agent and immersive practice simulators that 
offer personalised, real-time support. These tools will help 
colleagues identify learning opportunities, build confidence, 
and develop critical capabilities for the future of work. 
The integration of AI and machine learning is not just 
a technological upgrade – it’s a strategic enabler. It ensures 
our workforce remains agile, skilled, and ready to thrive 
in a rapidly changing world. 
Academies: elevating learning in 2025 
Building on the strong foundation laid in 2024, academies 
have become a central pillar of our learning strategy. In 2025, 
we took this to the next level, working with Group Executive 
Committee members to refine our skills priorities, introducing 
richer learning pathways, and embedding enhanced analytics 
to give clearer insights into colleagues progress and impact. 
These enhancements have transformed the experience, making 
learning more personalised to colleagues’ roles, as well as being 
more engaging, and measurable. Usage continues to increase, 
with approximately 10,000 colleagues accessing academies 
each month, reflecting the increasing demand and value of 
these resources to support development. We’ve also run 
focused campaigns which tens of thousands of colleagues 
have engaged with to build their future skills, such as our 
Data & AI Summer School, Surf the Skill Wave, and a 
Customer Care Academy live initiative during National 
Customer Service Week. 
Smarter learning: using analytics and AI 
to deliver business outcomes 
Our learning and skills partners are empowered by a 
comprehensive suite of reports and interactive dashboards, 
enabling performance consultancy across the organisation. 
By embedding analytics into our learning ecosystem, we 
enable leaders to make evidence-based decisions that 
accelerate skills growth and deliver measurable business 
outcomes. We’ve invested heavily in developing learning 
content aligned to critical skills, working in partnership with 
business areas and fully evaluating solutions to ensure they 
deliver the required outcomes, intercepting if they don’t. 
AI is now actively shaping how we design and deliver 
learning. By integrating AI into content development, we’ve 
accelerated the creation of high-quality, relevant learning, 
enabling faster deployment and greater responsiveness 
to evolving skills gaps. 
This is me: championing diversity and 
neuro-inclusion 
“This is Me” is an e-learning solution which empowers 
colleagues and leaders to champion diversity and neuro-
inclusion through open dialogue, practical training and 
accessible tools. With the course completed by over 54,000 
colleagues, it’s reshaping workplace culture, reducing stigma, 
and driving inclusive leadership. Its success earned Lloyds 
Banking Group global recognition, including the 2025 Davos 
Impact Award. Over 90% of colleagues who completed 
a post course evaluation survey felt highly confident in their 
understanding of disability and neuro-inclusion. To be best-
in-class in this space, we knew we could go even further – 
so we rolled it out externally for everyone to benefit. Almost 
2,000 people accessed the public version of this training 
in 2025. For the first time, we incorporated features such 
as an inbuilt text reader, zoom functionality, a British Sign 
Language interpreter and audio narration. 
Commitment to workforce sustainability 
Our learning and development strategy directly supports 
the Group’s sustainability commitments. We believe that 
by reskilling colleagues, embracing digital transformation 
and fostering inclusive people skills, we are building a 
sustainable, future-ready workforce. Our ongoing investment 
in academies, AI and technology ensures that colleagues 
are equipped to thrive in an ever-evolving environment, 
benefitting customers, colleagues and communities alike. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Building an inclusive organisation continued 
04 Provide the 
appropriate 
technology, 
tools and skills 
for our colleagues 
to thrive
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  58 


[page 60]
Our Next Generation talent 
programmes play a vital role in driving 
social mobility, diverse pipelines, and 
offering accessible skills-based career 
pathways. These initiatives are 
supported by our refreshed EVP, 
‘Faster Forward’ and a new Employer 
Brand helping us attract the diverse 
talent we need to transform at pace. 
Apprenticeships 
Through our award-winning programmes, we continue to 
extend and enhance our apprenticeship delivery, currently 
offering apprenticeships in over 30 occupational roles from 
Level 2 (GCSE equivalent) to Level 7 (Master’s Degree 
equivalent). We typically have around 1,300 colleagues 
undertaking an apprenticeship at any time, and we are on 
track to start over 600 apprentices in 2026. Our recruitment 
continues to support diversity; in 2025, 26% of apprentices are 
from a Black, Asian or Minority Ethnic heritage and 49% are 
women. Using parental occupation at age 14 as an indicator, 
20% of offers in 2025 have been made to candidates from lower 
socio-economic backgrounds. We are proud to be ranked 11th in 
the Top 100 Apprentice Employers ranking. 
T Levels 
We first provided T Level placements in 2022 and have grown 
the offering year-on-year. In 2025 we have hosted 140 
placements and have scaled our offering in our Community 
Bank increasing our reach across England. The placements give 
the students a head start in their careers enabling them to be 
work-ready, build relevant skills and grow in confidence. The 
majority of students come from economically disadvantaged 
backgrounds. T Levels can also provide a pipeline into 
apprenticeship schemes – 50% of our 2024 placement students 
have completed their qualification and have now started an 
apprenticeship with us in 2025. We were proud to have won the 
inaugural T Level Employer of the Year award. 
Graduates 
Our 2025 intake brings 364 graduates into all major business 
areas. Graduates typically join on a two-year rotational 
programme, with some extending to three or four years. 
Technology is at the heart of our offer, with 57% of 
graduates hired into roles focused on technology 
engineering, data science and AI, and data management, 
supported by initiatives such as our Data and AI Summer 
School and tools like CoPilot. Diversity remains a priority, 
over 45% of our 2025 intake are from Black, Asian and Ethnic 
Minority backgrounds. We’re proud to be ranked 11th in the 
Times Top 100 Employers List. With 95% of graduates staying 
after one year and 79% after three years, our programmes 
are creating a strong pipeline of future talent for the Group. 
Work experience programmes 
The Group coordinates various work experience programmes 
for school children to engage with the Group. Over 2025, 
the programme has achieved the following: 
• Skillsbuilder: Delivered essential skills sessions to over 
9,000 students aged 6 to 19 
• Work experience: Provided virtual, hybrid and on-campus 
opportunities for students aged 14 and above, totalling 
15,000 placements 
• Careers fairs, talks and outreach: Reached a total 
audience of 64,000 students to date 
• Skillsbuilder Accelerator: attended by 20,000 students 
We continue to innovate through our Skills Fest and Lloyds 
Careers Live programmes, creating greater reach to more 
people and ensuring they are learning the skills to succeed 
in an ever-changing skills landscape. 
Internships 
Our internship programme remains central to our inclusive 
talent strategy. Through partnerships with the 10K Interns 
Foundation and Sutton Trust, we’ve created meaningful 
pathways for underrepresented talent while embedding 
sustainability principles across programme design. 
In 2025, we welcomed 194 interns and industrial placement 
students both directly and through partnerships such as 
10,000 Interns Foundation & Sutton Trust. Looking ahead 
to 2026, we’re enhancing pre-application and employability 
support to increase representation. We’re also building a 
sustainable talent pipeline through regional hiring, reducing 
environmental footprint, and creating long-term career 
pathways. Through our partnerships with Zero Gravity and 
Code First Girls, Lloyds Banking Group has made significant 
strides in driving social mobility and gender diversity in tech. 
EVP 
Continuing to hire diverse talent into the Group is critical 
in order for us to transform, so never has it been more 
important that we have an EVP and Employer Brand that is 
truly reflective of the Group and what it is like to work here. 
With that in mind, earlier this year we launched our new 
EVP ‘Faster Forward’. Created to be adaptable and 
resonate with our diverse audiences and key archetype 
groups including youth, it was developed through 
extensive internal and external research. Our new EVP 
allowed us to set out a clear colleague deal, shaping what 
we expect from our colleagues when they join us, and 
what they get in return. 
From our EVP, a new Employer Brand was developed 
aligning to the Group brand refresh. This gives us a new 
and exciting visual identity and tone of voice that is 
already having a huge impact through use in targeted 
inclusion campaigns and will continue to do so as we move 
forward in attracting the diverse talent we need to 
transform at pace. Our brand shift has been fed through 
externally to our social media presence, our careers site 
and widely across our recruitment campaigns, resulting 
in positive results across key metrics. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Provide the appropriate technology, tools, and skills for our colleagues to thrive continued 
Building an inclusive organisation continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  59 
Early Careers and Employee 
Value Proposition (EVP) 
37% 
of T Level Students 
are of Black, Asian 
and Minority Ethnic 
heritage 
746 
new apprentices 
in 2025 
50% 
of T Level students 
returned to the 
Group as 
apprentices in 2025

[page 61]
Supporting 
the UK’s 
transition 
We are Helping Britain 
Prosper by supporting 
the transition to a low 
carbon-economy. 
In this section 
Transition plan 62 
Our environmental strategy 63 
Our emissions reduction ambition 64 
Sustainable finance and investment 65 
Our acti
ons to deliver 
Own oper
ations 
As a diversified financial services group, our 66 
transition plan sets out how we are positioning 
the business to respond to the growth opportunities 
and challenges of transitioning to a low carbon 
economy, while continuing to deliver resilient 
financial performance. 
67 
Supply c
hain 71 
Banking 
activities 75 
Transition plan by system 84 
Scottish Widows 111 
By integrating transition considerations into 
strategy, governance and capital allocation, we aim 
to strengthen the resilience of our portfolios and 
operations, prioritising commercial opportunities 
and enhancing value creation for shareholders. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK transition How we deliver 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  60 
Sustainable Development Goals 
See our full reporting suite on 
the sustainability page of our website.

[page 62]
Objectives Highlight 
Enable growth through 
financing the transition 
and sustainable markets 
£21.9bn 
of sustainable finance 
support
ed in 2025 
Our impact 
£81.3bn 
of discretionary investments 
in climate-aware strategies 
Linked to strategy 
See page  65 
Grow 
Strengthen the Group’s 
climate and nature risk 
and resilience management 
Assessed impacts and 
dependencies for Bank 
Agriculture and Commercial 
Real Estate sectors, and 
completed a TNFD-aligned 
LEAP assessment of our 
own property portfolio 
We plan  to support the 
Aire Resilience Company 
benefitting the water 
catchment and improving 
the resilience of our 
Leeds office locations 
See page  63 
Focus 
Contribute to national 
decarbonisation goals, 
supporting energy security 
and the resilience of the UK 
£633m 
debt commitment towards 
Sizewel
l C nuclear power station 
1 in 8 
electric vehicles on UK roads 
financed by the Group 
See page  84 
Grow 
Integrate social 
and environmental 
considerations in 
the delivery of our 
transition plan 
£70.9bn 
of sustainable financing 
since 2
022 
Launched 
Scottish Widows lifetime 
investments, our ESG-tilted 
default workplace 
proposition 
See page  65 
Grow 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  61 
Pillar objectives, 
highlights and 
impact 
We are committed to supporting the 
UK’s transition, identifying profitable 
solutions to building a more inclusive 
and sustainable UK society – shaping 
finance as a force for good. 

[page 63]
We have continued to develop our 
transition plan, seeking to build an 
integrated approach that supports 
economic growth through our 
products, services and investments – 
supporting our customers, clients and 
the broader economy to transition. 
Own operations 
ambition 
In our own operations we 
aim to achieve net zero 
carbon operations by 20301 
supported by underlying 
pledges across our own 
operations. 
Supply chain 
ambition 
Working with our suppliers 
to reduce the emissions 
generated by 50% by 20302 
from our demand for goods 
and services, on the path to 
net zero by 2050 or sooner. 
Bank
 ambition 
Working with customers, 
government and the market 
to help reduce the carbon 
emissions we finance by 
more than 50% by 20303 
on the path to net zero 
by 2050 or sooner. 
Scottish Widows 
ambition 
Achieving net zero 
emissions across our 
investment portfolio by 
20504, with the interim 
target of halving our carbon 
footprint by 2030. 
Foundations of our approach 
Climate-nature-people 
impacts 
Products and 
propositions 
Monitoring performance 
agains
t our own 
operations ambition 
and pledges
 (see pages 67 and 70) 
Financi ng opportunities for 
our clients and customers 
Risk insights and 
scenario analysis 
Systems-based 
thinking 
Our actions to deliver 
Partnerships and 
collaborations 
Engagement 
strategy 
Frameworks 
How we track progress 
Monitoring performance 
against our supply 
chain ambition and 
the Gr
oup’s supplier 
sustainability standards
 (see pages 7
1 and 74) 
Monitoring performance 
against our Bank ambition, 
sector targets and 
sustainable financing
 (see pages 7
5 and 110) 
Monitoring performance 
against our Scottish 
Widows ambition and 
discretionary investment 
in climate-aware strategies 
(see pages 1
11 and 118) 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
Supporting the economy to transition... 
1 Absolute emissions from a 2018/2019 baseline include scope 1, 2 and 3 
categories, excluding Lloyds Living and is reported on a market basis. 
2 Absolute emissions from a 2021/22 baseline includes scope 1, 2 and 3 categories. 
3 Absolute emissions from a 2018 baseline covering scope 1 and 2 financed 
emissions. 
4 Relative carbon intensity from a 2019 baseline covering scope 1 and 2 
financed emissions. 
while delivering growth and building balance sheet resilience 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  62 
Transition plan

[page 64]
Within a global transition, and as one of the UK’s largest 
financial services providers, our environmental strategy aims 
to actively support economic growth whilst strengthening 
our balance sheet resilience. 
Supporting our customers, investees, clients and the broader 
economy to transition aligns to our purpose of Helping 
Britain Prosper through sustainable and inclusive growth, 
with the UK’s green economy estimated to be made up of 
over 22,000 businesses, supporting almost one million jobs
1.
Although it is widely acknowledged that the current pace 
of the transition remains insufficient and further action is 
required from all stakeholders, some progress is evident. 
For instance, the UK’s green economy expanded by over 10% 
in 2024, with the Group’s breadth and scale making it well 
positioned to finance the transition.
1 
Transitioning the economy is complex, involving 
interconnected sectors and associated economic systems. 
It also requires considering climate objectives, with nature 
considerations and social impacts linked to a just transition, 
which we are increasingly exploring in order to leverage 
synergies and manage trade-offs. 
Our engagement with clients on Client Transition Plans, 
investees through our stewardship approach and with our 
suppliers helps us to understand what this means in reality 
for them and the wider economy. 
We use a systems-led approach that enables the Group to 
identify and prioritise the most material risks, opportunities 
and dependencies, and determine the actions needed to 
drive meaningful impact and progress. In 2025 this included 
TNFD LEAP aligned assessments given the critical role nature 
plays in supporting the transition. While some dependencies 
identified may challenge our ability to transition in line with 
global and UK climate and nature goals, and can influence 
how effectively we meet our own ambitions and targets, 
they cannot become a barrier to action. 
Our aim is to be a constructive partner in the transition, 
supporting the many benefits such as regional growth, job 
creation and re-skilling, warmer homes, energy security 
and cleaner air. The cost of inaction is too high, with rising 
building operating expenses, escalating transition-related 
economic costs from delayed transition, increasing impacts 
from extreme weather and the degradation of nature. 
Our actions include using our financial services and products, 
such as lending, investments and capital allocation or advisory 
services, to support the transition. We also leverage partnerships 
and collaborations with expert organisations, and engage with 
industry, policymakers and regulators to understand shared 
challenges, identify solutions and drive real economy change. 
Through 2025, we refined our transition plan to focus on the 
actions that will most effectively advance our ambitions, 
recognising this will remain an ongoing process as the external 
environment and our dependencies evolve. Our frameworks 
such as our investment exclusions policy and ESG Credit tools 
continue to support risk management and are integral for our 
strategy and long-term success and resilience. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  63 
Our environmental strategy 
 Our integrated approach 
We apply an integrated climate-, nature- 
and people-centred approach to 
transition planning, enabling us to 
manage interconnected risks and 
opportunities while maximising synergies. 
Because nature underpins economic and 
social wellbeing, ecosystem degradation 
creates systemic risks for all sectors. 
Strengthening and restoring natural 
systems enhances resilience and delivers 
co-benefits such as carbon sequestration, 
while effective climate action can also 
support healthier ecosystems and 
stronger local communities. 
This integrated approach ensures our 
response is both immediate and 
forward-looking, contributing to 
long-term value for society, the 
environment and our business. 
We continue to understand and act on 
nature
-related risks and opportunities 
in line with the recommendations of the 
Taskforce on Nature-related Financial 
Disclosures (TNFD). In 2025, we built 
on our materiality assessments by 
completing a TNFD LEAP aligned proof 
of concept pilot for our Commercial & 
Residential Real Estate 
(page 92) and 
Agriculture lending portfolios (page 108) 
and completed a LEAP assessment for 
our operational sites using the Earth Blox 
platform. This work has improved our 
understanding of how our clients interact 
with the natural environment and how 
their activity, and our own operations, 
both impact and depend on nature. 
Building on these insights we piloted a 
framework across these two portfolios 
that considers the nature-related 
impacts and dependencies of our climate 
activity, supporting an integrated 
approach to climate and nature within 
transition planning (see 
page 85). 
We recognise just transition and 
adaptation consideration
s will 
manifest differently across systems 
and where they intersect. We continue 
to deepen our understanding through 
systems analysis to support people-
centred outcomes, and continue to 
embed these considerations into our 
climate target setting approach. 
Environmental Markets Environmental Markets are a powerful 
mechanism that aligns economic 
activity and commercial outcomes 
with environmental stewardship. We 
acknowledge that they can be a tool 
to support the transition when utilised 
appropriately and to rigorous standards, 
delivering significant environmental, 
social and commercial value that can also 
support adaptation and resilience, both 
here in the UK and globally. 
We are seeing an increasing number 
of environmental markets emerge 
including voluntary biodiversity and 
water quality markets alongside 
compliance markets such as the UK’s 
Biodiversity Net Gain market. 
Within this market expansion, carbon 
markets remain the most established, 
where both nature-based and 
technology-based projects support 
business to address ongoing and 
residual emissions, whilst also driving co-
benefits alongside mitigation efforts. 
You can read our own approach 
to car
bon offsetting in our Carbon 
Offsetting Principles and our use 
of carbon credits in 2025 in our 
Sustainability metrics datasheet available 
in our 
sustai
nability downloads
1 The Future Is Green: The economic opportunities brought by the UK’s net zero 
In 2025, our Commercial Bank set 
up a Voluntary Carbon and Nature 
Markets team to support clients to 
navigate this space, and provide the 
financial products and propositions 
to enable them to do so (see 
page 83). 
Further, Scottish Widows is considering 
potential nature-related financing 
opportunities in private capital markets 
that can mitigate risks, provide new 
revenue streams and increase resilience. 
To read more about Scottish Widows 
Transition Plan see 
page 112.
 
economy

[page 65]
2018 
Baseline 36% 50% 
Progress Ambition 
We remain committed to supporting 
clients and the wider economy 
through the transition, having set 
clear ambitions across our operations, 
supply chain, lending and investments 
to decarbonise. 
While we continue to make progress on our ambitions, there 
are significant challenges and external dependencies in many 
areas of the economy, including the technologies, solutions 
and policies required, that will need to be addressed for us 
to achieve these ambitions. See
 pages 67 to 118. 
Our approach to supporting the UK’s transition will continue 
to evolve to reflect regulatory, policy and technological 
developments, ensuring we maintain support for an orderly 
and socially responsible transition in alignment with UK 
government policy. 
1 Based on 2024 data available for Bank and Scottish Widows financed emissions 
scope 1 and 2 emissions only. 2024/25 period end data for supply chain emissions 
and own operations includes scope 1, 2 and 3 categories and is reported on a 
market basis. 
2 Baseline year determined by ambition (2018 for Bank, 2019 for Scottish Widows, 
2021/22 for Supply Chain and 2018/2019 for Own Ops) MtCO
2e – Megatonnes 
Carbon Dioxide equivalents. 
3 Scottish Widows ambition is intensity based for details on progress see page 112.
 
The amount assured by Deloitte as part of their limited assurance work is 
8.72MtCO
2e. The difference to the amount shown in the diagram is due to 
rounding differences. 
4 Supply chain emissions are calculated from supplier spend totalling £4.4 billion 
(net of VAT). In addition there is a further c.£5.7 billion gross spend spread across 
other business areas which are not included. 
For details on our methodology please see 
sustainabil
ity metrics basis of reporting
Progress in reduction of our Group’s emissions (MtCO2e)1
The scale of our current emissions varies across different 
areas of the business. 
Bank 
financed MtCO2e
29.2 
2024 MtCO2e
Scottish 
Widows 
financed
3
2024 MtCO2e 
MtCO2e
12.5 
8.8 
What this looks like for the Group 
Baseline year2
18.6 
Baseline year2
MtCO2e
0.53 
Supply 
chain
4
2024/25 
0.51 
MtCO2e
0.11 
Baseline year2
Own 
operations
2024/25 MtCO2e
0.18MtCO2e 
Baseline year2
In 2024, we obtained ISAE 3000 (revised) limited assurance 
that the selected 2030 ambitions, targets and pledges 
below, align with the temperature goal of Article 2(1)a of the 
Paris Agreement which states the objective as “holding the 
increase in the global average temperature to well below 2°C 
above pre-industrial levels and pursuing efforts to limit the 
temperature increase to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels, 
recognising that this would significantly reduce the risks 
and impacts of climate change”: 
• Own operations 
• Supply chain 
• Bank financed emissions 
• Bank sector financed emissions (for UK residential 
mortgages, commercial and residential real estate, 
agriculture, power, oil and gas, aviation, auto OEM, 
road passenger transport, retail motor cars and retail 
motor light commercial vehicles (LCVs)) 
• Scottish Widows carbon footprint 
The limited assurance included assessment that the above 
noted ambitions and targets had been set at a level of 
emissions or emissions intensity reduction that is equal to 
or greater than the reduction required using the Paris-aligned 
scenarios and science-aligned methodologies as described 
in our sustainability metrics basis of reporting 2024. 
In 2025, the Climate Change Committee (CCC) published 
the Seventh Carbon Budget which updated the emission 
reductions required to ensure the UK is on the pathway 
to net zero by 2050. During 2025, we have updated our UK 
focused Bank financed emissions sector targets previously 
set using the CCC’s Sixth Carbon Budget. These include 
targets for UK residential mortgages, commercial and 
residential real estate, agriculture, road passenger transport 
and retail motor cars and LCVs. We have not sought updated 
assurance on the revised targets since we used the same 
target setting approach as when the targets were originally 
set. 
Our Bank financed 
emission progress 
MtCO2e reduction 
(%) 
Progress on our Bank ambition 
Our Bank ambition is to work with customers, 
government and the market to help to reduce the 
carbon emissions we finance by more than 50% 
by 2030 on the path to net zero by 2050 or sooner. 
Our 2024 progress shows a 36% reduction in our Bank 
financed emissions from our 2018 baseline. 
Our net zero ambition was set in 2020, and informed 
by the UK CCC’s assessment of UK sectoral emissions 
reductions pathways. While we have made progress to 
date, achieving this ambition depends on how quickly 
the underlying sectors transition given the challenges 
and external dependencies that exist in many areas 
of the economy. These challenges and dependencies 
are related to policy and regulatory support, market 
readiness and public awareness, technology availability 
and infrastructure, supply chains and workforce skills, 
and grid decarbonisation. We explain specific 
dependencies by system in our transition plan (see 
pages 84 to 110). 
We remai
n committed to supporting clients and the wider 
economy through this transition. The ongoing variability of 
dependencies, including those noted above, will influence 
the outcomes and our performance. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  64 
Our emissions reduction ambition

[page 66]
We have established sustainable 
finance and investment targets 
aligned to our core business areas. 
Our financing and investment target periods align to the 
Group’s strategic and performance management timelines 
and will develop to support our 2030 ambitions and beyond to 
2050. Sustainable finance and investment are key mechanisms 
to support the transition and reduce emissions. However, 
achieving our net zero transition targets and ambitions requires 
globally coordinated action across financial service providers, 
corporates, government agencies and regulators. 
Since 2022 our cumulative sustainable financing is £70.9 billion 
covering our Commercial Banking, Motor and Mortgages businesses. 
Our active targets for these areas are £30 billion sustainable finance 
for Commercial Banking customers by the end of 2026, £10 billion 
of financing for EVs by the end of 2027 and £11 billion of mortgage 
lending for EPC A and B rated properties by the end of 2027. 
We achieved our original target to invest in climate-aware strategies 
at the end of 2024. At year end 2025 we have £81.3 billion invested 
in climate-aware strategies. This is a significant rise from prior period, 
driven by the launch of our new workplace proposition, Scottish 
Widows Lifetime Investment, which includes a higher proportion 
of climate-aware ESG-tilted investment strategies. 
Our Sustainable Financing Framework has continued 
to evolve to provide greater clarity on what the Group 
considers to be eligible types of sustainable finance covering 
the Group’s Retail and Commercial Banking financing. 
Sustainable finance and investment targets continue to be 
part of our LTIP assessment as set out on page 122 of the 
annual report and accounts
Group-wide sustainable finance
Commercial Banking1,2 
A breakdown of our sustainable financing is shown below: 
Type (£bn) 2025 2024-2025 
Bonds 2.3 5.9 
Lending – use of proceeds3 6.4 8.5 
Sustainable Business Financing 1.7 3.2 
Sustainability-Linked Loans 3.4 6.9 
Total 13.8 24.5
Total sustainable finance achieved since 2022 
£70.9bn 
Discretionary investment 
in climate-aware strategies
Scottish Widows6
Total discretionary investment in climate-aware strategies 
£81.3bn 
Key 
Performance against 
previous target 
Performance against 
current target
Target 
outperformance 
Target 
For methodology please see the sustainability metrics basis of reporting which is available in our sustainability downloads
Indicator is subject to limited assurance by Deloitte LLP for further details see page 02. 
1 As defined within the Sustainable Financing Framework available in our sustainabi lity downloads
2 The new Commercial Banking target (1 January 2024 onwards) relates to both Corporate and Institutional Banking 
customers and Business and Commercial Banking customers. From 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2023 the target applied 
to corporate and institutional customers only, and was measured against the criteria set out in the 2023 Sustainable 
Financing Framework. 
3 Includes £0.6bn lending to SMEs located in the most socio-economically disadvantaged areas in the UK and to female-led 
businesses, both of which form part of the social eligibility criteria, included for the first time in 2025. 
4 New mortgage lending on UK (excluding Channel Islands) residential property that meets an EPC rating of B or higher. 
The target includes remortgages but excludes further advances. £18.5 billion covers the period from January 2022 
to September 2025. £5.3 billion was achieved from 1 January 2025 to 30 September 2025. There are rounding differences 
between the cumulative total and the individual target positions. 
5 From 1 January 2025 the new target includes new lending advances and operating leases for EVs; includes cars and vans. 
From 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024 the target covered EVs and plug-in hybrid vehicles new lending advances 
for Black Horse and operating leases for Lex Autolease (gross) and operating leases for Tusker (gross, post-acquisition 
by the Group (February 2023)); includes cars and vans. There are rounding differences between the cumulative total 
and the individual target positions. 
6 This refers to funds that have a focus on investment in companies that are either adapting their business to reduce 
carbon emissions or developing solutions to address climate change. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025 65 
Sustainable 
finance and 
investment 
Our sustainable finance and investment 
TotaI £45bn
(cumulative)
£40.3bn
Current progress
2022
2024
Progress
(£bn lending)
 Target
£15bn ◀£15.8bn
£24.5bn ▶ £30bn
2026 target
TotaI £21bn 
(cumulative)
£18.5bn
Current progress
2022
2025
Progress
(£bn lending)
 Target
£10bn ◀£13.3bn
◀£5.3bn £11bn
2027 target
Mortgages1,4
Motor1,5 TotaI £18bn
(cumulative)
£12.1bn
Current progress
2022
2025
Progress
(£bn lending)
 Target
£8bn ◀£9.4bn
◀£2.8bn £10bn
2027 target

[page 67]
We recognise that ambition alone 
won’t support the transition or deliver 
on our purpose of Helping Britain 
Prosper. We need a delivery plan along 
with measures to track our progress. 
Our Group climate transition plan sets out the steps we’ll 
take to reduce emissions to net zero for our operations, 
supply chain and Bank financed emissions as part of our 
strategy. Our transition plan is governed under the same 
structure and financial planning process as our wider 
environmental sustainability strategy. 
We know that as much as we can achieve through our 
own activity, we cannot achieve our ambitions alone. 
Transitioning to net zero is a universal endeavour and will 
depend on key players collaborating such as government, 
industry and wider society acting together to deliver net 
zero, alongside significant technology advancements in 
high-emitting sectors. 
For further information on our memberships see our 
sustainability downloads
1 Our sector targets are set in line with the Target Setting Guidance produced 
by the NZBA and n
ow available for voluntary use through UN Environment 
Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI). See page 09 of sustainability metrics 
basis of reporting  for further details. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  66 
2020 2021 2022 
• Joined Partnership for 
Carbon Accounting 
Financials (PCAF) and 
we are also a member 
of the regional group 
PCAF UK 
• Joined Aldersgate 
Group 
• Announced travel 
emissions pledge 
• Founding member of 
the Net-Zero Banking 
Alliance (NZBA) 
• Became member 
of Glasgow Financial 
Alliance for Net Zero 
• Launch of Scottish 
Widows Climate 
Action Plan 
• Launched Scottish 
Widows discretionary 
investment in climate-
aware strategies target 
• Launched Bank 
sustainable financing 
targets 
• Published seven 
sector targets
1
• Published supply chain 
net zero ambition 
2024 2023 
• Determined Lloyds Living 
emissions baseline 
• 50% new developments 
contracted in 2024 report 
to NextGeneration 
Initiative 
• Published three 
additional sector targets 
• Launched new 
Commercial Banking 
sustainable financing 
target 
• Achieved targets for 
motor financing and 
mortgage lending for 
EPC A and B rated 
properties 
• Achieved Scottish 
Widows investment in 
climate-aware strategies 
•
Achieved Commercial 
Banking sustainable 
financing target 
• Announce d two new 
operational water 
and waste pledges 
2025 2030 2050 
• Scottish Widows 
published updated 
transition plan 
• Launch of ESG-tilted 
Scottish Widows 
Lifetime proposition for 
Workplace customers 
• Launched new targets 
for motor financing and 
mortgage lending for 
EPC A and B rated 
properties 
• 50% reduction in Bank 
financed emissions 
• Scottish Widows half 
carbon footprint 
of all investments 
• Full exit from lending 
to all entities operating 
thermal coal facilities 
• 2030 Bank sector targets 
• 50% reduction in supply 
chain emissions 
• Net zero own operations 
• 50% reduction in 
operational energy use 
• Zero waste by 2030 
• Water neutral by 2030 
Net zero 
by 2050 
or sooner 
Our actions 
to deliver 
Key External partnerships and memberships 
Our ambitions, targets and pledges 
Achieved 
Next steps

[page 68]
Foundations of our approach 
The Group established scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction 
pledges to ensure operational decarbonisation efforts are 
robust, science-aligned, and meet leading international 
standards. Developed in response to evolving guidance 
from the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and the 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), our initial 
pledge targeted a 60% reduction by 2030 (from a 2009 base 
year), which we achieved. We then set a more ambitious goal: 
a 90% absolute reduction in scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030 
(from a 2018/19 baseline). This was informed by improved 
methodologies, accurate data, and progress in emissions 
reduction, exceeding minimum requirements for a 1.5°C 
pathway as defined by SBTi and IPCC. These pledges were 
underpinned by scientific guidance, best practice, and 
benchmarking against SBTi criteria. 
In 2021, we pledged to maintain travel emissions below 50% 
of 2018/19 levels, covering commuting, business travel and 
company vehicles. This was based on travel pattern analysis, 
emissions data, and evolving post-pandemic working practices, 
aligning with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol to lead on scope 3 
emissions. Although achieved in 2023, it was by a narrow margin 
of 1.3%, with rising business travel posing future risks. In 2024, 
we reassessed the pledge as our international travel needs grew 
and due to the change in operating model, we removed 
international travel from the commitment. 
Details on our international travel can be found in the 
sustainability metrics datasheet
In 2023, we renewed water and waste pledges and nature 
commitment to align with global best practice and stakeholder 
expectations. These aim to deliver tangible actions that 
embed sustainability values, engage colleagues, and support 
communities while tackling climate change. In 2025, we plan 
to go beyond our 80% operational waste reduction pledge 
to pursue Zero Waste
3 by 2030, diverting over 90% of waste 
from landfill and incineration. Having achieved a 50% water 
reduction since 2009, our goal is to achieve water neutrality
5 
by 2030 through reducing and reusing water wherever 
possible, and offsetting any unavoidable consumption 
via stewardship initiatives. 
Our work to improve biodiversity across our people and places 
is part of our work to progress toward TNFD alignment for 
our operations. This is supported by our 10-year biodiversity 
enhancement management plan, launched in 2023, reflecting 
growing awareness of biodiversity loss and the UK goal to 
protect 30% of land by 2030
6 and is underpinned by science-
based approaches, partnerships and colleague engagement. 
1 Our ambition and pledge progress reporting excludes emissions from Lloyds Living. 
2 From 2023/24 our travel-related carbon emissions pledge considers domestic 
travel only. 
3 90% diversion from landfill and incineration. 
4 Reduce operational waste by 80% by 2025 from a 2014/2015 baseline. 
5 Water neutrality across our full operational estate, achieved in line with the 
mitigation hierarchy (reduce, reuse, replenish). Includes water consumption across 
our full operational estate. 
6 30by30 on land in England: confirmed criteria and next steps
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own 
operations 
We have an ambition 
to achieve net zero across 
our own operations by 
2030, based on our 
2018/19 baseline
1. The 
delivery of our ambition 
is supported by five pledges
1: 
• Reduce our direct carbon emissions by at least 90% 
by 2030 from a 2018/19 baseline 
• Reduce total energy consumption across our 
operations by 50% by 2030 from a 2018/19 baseline 
• Maintain travel-related carbon emissions below 50% 
of 2018/2019 baseline
2 
• Zero waste by 20303 (includes our legacy waste 
reduction pledge4)
• Water neutrality5 by 2030
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  67 

[page 69]
Reduce our direct carbon emissions 
by 90% by 2030 
Progress in 2025 
Guided by our 360 framework, our refurbished buildings 
show that deep retrofit can produce a more carbon-efficient 
building with lower embodied carbon. This year we opened 
four refurbished offices and completed construction of a 
modern high-tech data centre. These buildings are more 
efficient than their historical counterparts and emit fewer 
carbon emissions in their daily running through renewable 
heating solutions and low-energy fixtures and fittings. 
Examples include our Old Broad Street office in London which 
utilises a 2.2 MW air source heat pump as its primary fuel 
source. Our Colmore Row office in Birmingham utilises our 
carbon-free electricity in its electric heating system and 
achieved an upfront embodied carbon footprint of just 164 
kgCO
2e/m2. We were proud to win Building of the Year at the 
National Sustainability Awards for our Old Broad Street office. 
We continued reducing our carbon emissions associated 
with heating fuel across our branches through a targeted 
programme to remove gas burning appliances. This year 
several branches were assessed for gas removal, with four 
buildings having their gas boilers replaced with more carbon-
friendly electric heating systems. 
Next steps 
We will continue rolling out our heating 
decarbonisation programme across the branch estate 
as well as scaling remote monitoring and smart building 
analytics to identify residual inefficiencies. To reduce 
our reliance on grid electricity we will investigate 
opportunities for new solar PV systems across our 
property portfolio and explore options for installing 
renewable energy systems across our estate. We will 
prioritise low-GWP refrigerants in all new systems and 
enhance tracking and management of existing F-gas 
inventories to minimise leakage. 
Reduce total energy consumption 
by 50% by 2030 
Progress in 2025 
We have continued our efforts to reduce our energy 
consumption through the delivery of energy efficiency 
project works. This year we have undertaken seven lighting 
replacement projects, connected four more branch Building 
Management Systems (BMS) to our remote monitoring 
system and undertaken Quattro Seal installations in 
23 locations. 
Our Connected Energy Management contract with Mitie has 
produced a combined energy reduction of 4,751 MWh across 
29 sites. This year the programme focused on ensuring our 
BMS controlled our internal environments appropriately 
and reduced energy waste through plant overrides. 
We have continued our relationship with our partner 
Wates to deliver the ‘Call for Innovation’. This initiative 
brings to the fore new and innovative technologies with 
their suitability for use assessed against a set of criteria. 
This year, we identified two new solutions to test on our 
estate, with outputs closely analysed to determine 
suitability to roll out further. 
Next steps 
As we wrap up our large programmes of energy efficiency 
works, our focus will shift to more bespoke, building 
specific, packages of work. We will look to close 
performance gaps in refurbished sites and improve energy 
use intensity through advanced fault detection and 
predictive optimisation. We will expand smart building 
analytics to enable real-time energy management and 
integrate insights into operational decision making. 
1 From 2023/24 our travel-related carbon emissions pledge considers domestic 
travel only. 
Maintain travel-related carbon emissions 
below 50% of 2018/19 baseline1
Progress in 2025 
We have continued our activities this year to provide our 
colleagues with more sustainable travel choices. To increase 
awareness of the sustainable travel options available to 
colleagues, we hosted a series of sustainable travel 
roadshows including virtual lunch and learn sessions for 
liftshare and cycle to work schemes. This year we were 
awarded the Carpool Champion Award in the Mobilityway’s 
Commute Zero Hero awards. 
For our colleagues who need to drive to work we have 
EV charging available at 31 locations with a total of 230 EV 
charging points installed across our full estate. Our liftshare 
platform is available to all UK colleagues and has over 7,300 
authenticated journeys with dedicated liftshare parking 
spaces offered at three sites. For those colleagues who can 
utilise a more sustainable method of travel we completed 
bike servicing at five hub offices and increased our active 
travel enhancements at six sites. 
For our colleagues who travel for business our Sustainable 
Business Travel forum provided more granular data to 
improve visibility and accountability in addition to the 
promotion of a rail-first approach to domestic travel. 
Next steps 
We will continue enhanced travel reporting and 
engagement to ensure our business units prioritise 
sustainable travel. Utilising the increased data outputs 
from this reporting, we will strategically target areas of 
concern and support specific changes to routes or travel 
methods to reduce carbon emissions. We will continue 
to support our colleagues to adopt sustainable 
commuting habits with bike servicing at key hubs and 
EV roadshows as examples and will continue to improve 
active travel facilities across our estate. 
To increase colleague engagement we will investigate the 
introduction of gamification for travel-related activities 
through the development of app-based technology. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations continued | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  68 
Our actions to deliver 
SDG 15.a 
Mobilize and significantly increase financial resources from 
all sources to conserve and sustainably use biodiversity 
and ecosystems. 
Link to strategy 
Purpose in action 
Update on how we are 
bringing nature closer 
to our people and places 
This year we continued bringing nature closer to our 
people and places through targeted actions. 
We re-measured the ecological value of six offices to track 
progress on our 10-year biodiversity enhancement 
management plans. This helped identify a growing 
population of 88 great crested newts and rare bladderwort 
plants at one site. At our new Peterborough data centre, 
we are delivering additional nature enhancements beyond 
planning requirements, including woodland and watercourse 
enhancements and new wildflower meadow habitats to 
support local butterfly and moth species. We completed site 
enhancements at three branches, planting 10 UK native 
trees, 25m of hedgerows, 50m
2 of new wildflower mini-
meadows, and diverse native flowering plants for pollinators. 
Our refurbished offices at Old Broad Street, Colmore Row 
and Paper Exchange in Belfast supported urban greening 
through the installation of insect hotels, native wildflower 
planters, indoor plants and biodiverse living roofs. 
This year, we launched a colleague allotment 
competition at four sites, growing vegetables and herbs 
which colleagues could buy, with funds raised going to 
Crisis. We also gave away 1,840 UK native tree saplings 
to colleagues at different events. 
To ensure our actions do not increase nature-related 
climate risk, we undertook a Taskforce for Nature 
Financial Disclosure (TNFD) assessment using the LEAP 
framework (Locate, Evaluate, Assess and Prepare). We 
combined Earth Blox multi-source geospatial intelligence 
with our own operational sustainability data to build 
a map of the opportunities that exist to improve 
coexistence with nature across our locations. 

[page 70]
Zero waste by 2030 (includes our legacy 
waste reduction pledge1)
Progress in 2025 
This year, we have achieved our 2025 pledge to reduce 
our operational waste by 80% as compared to our 
2014/15 baseline. This reduction was achieved by 
undertaking several significant actions across our data 
systems and property portfolio. A key action was to 
align our waste collection services with our site assessed 
production volumes. From our initial assessment, we 
were able to work with our waste delivery partners, 
Mitie, to reduce collections by over 50% across our 
office portfolio. A reduced requirement for printing and 
increase in home working allowed rationalisation of our 
printing facilities across both our office and branch 
estate and assisted in the reduction of our paper waste. 
We became the first UK Banking organisation to achieve the 
Zero Waste Europe ‘On the Road’ accreditation at our Bristol 
Harbourside office. This accreditation shows that we are making 
excellent progress in building the right infrastructure whilst 
increasing colleague action to create a circular environment. 
To achieve this accreditation we underwent a site audit which 
highlighted clear and engaging waste sorting stations, the 
reduction of over 7,800 plastic milk bottles per annum through 
the installation of milk dispensers and the prioritisation of real 
crockery and cutlery. All these actions are underpinned by high-
quality communication and awareness raising. 
Understanding that contamination of our waste streams 
reduces the options for recycling, our commitment to giving 
colleagues the right choice for their waste disposal to reduce 
contamination levels was paramount. Our new waste 
segregation stations were installed at 13 offices, and are 
future proofed for further legislative change, enabling 
segregation of waste into smaller and more specific groups 
for better recycling options. 
1 Reduce operational waste by 80% by 2025 from a 2014/2015 baseline. 
Our new Belfast office was opened with no 
single-use-cup provision where we chose to provide all 
our colleagues in this building with a reusable cup. In our 
Glasgow offices we utilised the services of ‘Borrow Cup’, 
an organisation that collaborates with a number of 
different coffee outlets across the city, to reduce single-
use-cup volume. 
We continued our mission to reduce food waste through 
our partnership with Olio. This year, we have increased the 
number of our locations involved to 18. Through this initiative 
we have given away 2,223kg of food through 6,744 items. 
Next steps 
As we transition into our pledge of Zero Waste by 2030, 
we will spend the coming months developing our reporting 
and calculation methodology to include our expanded 
scope of technology waste and construction waste. 
Technology waste is defined as any Group owned or leased 
IT or electronic equipment that is no longer required or 
useable by the Group, due to building refurbishments, 
breakage, or replacement by newer models. Across two 
key processors, 457 tonnes of UK technology waste was 
collected between October 2024 and September 2025. 
Working to improve the re-use of technology items across 
our sites, we redeployed 12% of collected items internally. 
Any devices no longer required by the Group have been 
graded by one of our processors and, where possible 
remarketed, resulting in 10% being sold to other organisations. 
Building upon our On the Road status, from Zero Waste 
Europe, at our Bristol Harbourside office we aim to grow 
this achievement by upgrading our recognition into the Zero 
Waste Europe star achievement categories. We will look 
to achieve the first of three stars at our Bristol Harbourside 
office. With this knowledge, we will look to expand this 
accreditation scheme to at least two additional large offices. 
In 2025 we signed a new waste contract with Mitie 
Waste Services. This contract changes our previous 
waste removal method of a single national contractor 
to more local contractors. This contract aims to provide 
better data and a more bespoke service. Through this 
contract term we will increase the volume of actual 
measured waste to over 90% of our total waste 
collection. We will roll out our current waste 
segregation stations to more offices and produce 
a smaller version for our branch estate where 
appropriate. We will develop, design and deliver single-
use-cup collection points to be rolled out across our 
office estate and continue to reduce our consumption 
of plastic milk bottles with the further rollout of milk 
dispensers, making them more innovative with smart 
weighing technology. 
Water neutrality by 2030 
Progress in 2025 
We have continued to ensure that our design standards 
reflect our water reduction ambitions with all our new 
building refurbishments containing low flow fixtures and 
fittings. This year, we commissioned our first grey-water 
harvesting system at our Old Broad Street office. This system 
utilises wastewater from the taps and showers to fill toilet 
cisterns across the building, reducing the requirement to 
consume fresh water. The solution is expected to reduce 
our water consumption by up to 10,000 litres per day. 
We have continued to focus on data accuracy and completed 
our ‘long term no read’ programme to ensure all our properties 
are billed accurately for the volume of water they use. 
Enhanced data accuracy helps support our strategic pathway 
development for future years. This pathway includes the 
outputs from the Taskforce for Nature Financial Disclosure 
(TNFD) assessment using the LEAP framework. This assessment 
produced information, insights and data that enabled us to 
investigate our ability to undertake specific actions for water 
reduction and potential future replenishment activities. 
Insights from our LEAP assessment have also supported 
us beyond our water reduction activity. We intend to 
support the Aire Resilience Company and the work they 
are undertaking in the Aire Valley. The focus is to deliver 
upstream interventions that work with nature to 
intercept and slow the flow of water, reducing pressure 
on Leeds’ existing flood defences, and bring wider 
environmental benefits to communities across Leeds 
and the Aire Valley.
Next steps 
In the coming years, we will continue to reduce our 
water use through solutions such as shower timers and 
the installation of water butts. Water butts provide us 
with an additional water source for watering plants and 
allotment spaces, as well as reducing the run-off volume 
to the sewerage system in periods of heavy rainfall. 
We will continue to work with partner organisations 
and our water supplier to find and fix any water leaks 
across our estate. We will expand our automated meter 
readings and data capture installations across our 
property portfolio to ensure we can gather accurate 
data where possible – allowing us to target solutions 
that further reduce or reuse water. 
We will continue to develop our strategy to enable our 
pathway to 2030. By utilising a mitigation hierarchy 
based on a three-stage approach; Reduce, Reuse, 
Replenish, we will prioritise activity that reduces water 
consumption and, where possible, we will look to 
capture and reuse water across the operational estate. 
To support the development of our water 
replenishment interventions, we will utilise key 
guidance and frameworks such as the World Resources 
Institute’s Volumetric Water Benefit Accounting 
methodology, and will update on the development 
of this strategy in due course. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations continued | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  69

[page 71]
Our operational ambition 
56.1% 
Net zero carbon operations by 20301,2
reduction from a 2018/2019 baseline 
Further details of our Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR) 
reporting can be found in our annual report and accounts
and our sustainability metrics datasheet
Reduce our direct carbon 
emissions by at least 90% 
by 2030
2,3
Based on scope 1 and 2 emissions only 
56.1% 
reduction 
Travel emissions2,5
Maintain travel-related carbon 
emissions below 50% of 2018/19 
baseline 
59.0% 
reduction 
Water neutrality by 20302,7
Water neutrality from our own 
operations from a 2018/2019 baseline
52.6% 
reduction 
Energy consumption2,4
Reduce total energy consumption 
by 50% by 2030 from a 2018/2019 
baseline 
48.7% 
reduction 
Waste reduction2,6
Reduce operational waste by 80% by 
2025 from a 2014/2015 baseline
82.0% 
reduction 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations continued | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025 70 
How we track progress
1 The methodology to derive reported scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions is provided in the sustainability metrics basis 
of reporting. Emissions reduction is shown for the period 1 October 2024 to 30 September 2025. 
2 Our ambition and pledge progress reporting excludes emissions from Lloyds Living. 
3 Includes scope 1 and 2 emissions, market-based approach for electricity scope 2. 
4 Includes electricity, gas and fuel usage across our full operational estate and excludes fleet vehicles. 
5 Includes UK business travel (covering flights, car journeys, hotel stays, taxis, buses and underground/overground 
rail trips), and employee commuting, company cars and mobile branches with well to tank (WTT). Includes 
restated flights and rail emissions performance to reflect improving data coverage. From 2023/24, our travel-
related carbon emissions pledge considers domestic travel only. 
6 Includes general waste, plastics, mixed recycling, food waste and confidential paper, as well as lower-volume 
waste such as glass and wood. 
7 Water neutrality across our full operational estate, achieved in line with the mitigation hierarchy (reduce, reuse, 
replenish). Includes water consumption across our full operational estate. 
 2030 target  We are here
56.1% 2025 
53.7% 2024 
Progress (% reduction) 2018/2019 baseline
Progress (% reduction) 
We are here  
59.0% 
 2030 target
2025 
51.3% 2024 
2018/2019 baseline
 2030 target  We are here
Progress (% reduction) 
52.6% 2025 
46.0% 2024 
2018/2019 baseline 
2030 target   We are here 
48.7% 2025 
42.6% 2024 
Progress (% reduction) 2018/2019 baseline
We are here  
82.0% 
 2025 target
2025 
74.5% 2024 
Progress (% reduction) 2014/2015 baseline
Progress on our pledges

[page 72]
2025 highlights 
We have an ambition to reduce our 
supply chain emissions by 50% by 
2030, from a 2021/2022 baseline, 
on a path to net zero by 2050. 
511,909tCO2e
2024/25 carbon emissions1
115.8tCO2e/£m 
2024/25 carbon intensity1
170 
suppliers assessed against our 
Emerald Standard, representing 
more than 80% of our supply chain 
spend and emissions
2
1 Refer to page 74 for further details. 
2 Refer to page 72 for further details. 
Reducing the carbon footprint of our supply chain remains a key 
area of importance. In setting our ambition, we recognised the 
need to have greater insight on the emissions and impact our 
demand generates. Supporting our suppliers through active 
collaboration and engagement, has been and remains essential 
as we transition to a low carbon economy. 
By understanding the carbon emissions generated through the 
goods and services provided to us, our focus was on setting an 
emissions reduction ambition in line with a 1.5°C scenario. In 
setting a 50% reduction between 2022 and 2030, the Group’s 
ambition goes beyond the minimum requirements of the 
Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). 
We will continue to ensure our methodology and approach 
aligns with international standards and where necessary 
enhance internal processes to continuously drive progress. 
Through our Emerald Standard, we directly engage with 
suppliers who make the biggest contribution to our supply chain 
emissions, setting out clear requirements for them to work 
towards. This year, we’ve engaged more suppliers as part of the 
programme and whilst spend remains higher, carbon emissions 
and intensity have reduced since baseline year – highlighting 
progress through our chosen approach. 
When we set our ambition, we recognised that achieving it 
depends on our suppliers reducing their own emissions. As the 
global pace of transition is currently falling short of what is 
needed, collective progress is essential to meeting net zero 
ambitions. For organisations with global supply chains in 
particular, the geopolitical landscape plays a role in progress 
being made. 
To face into external challenges, we will enhance our 
Emerald Standard programme in 2026 so that we can work 
with our suppliers to accelerate the pace – simultaneously 
strengthening our supply chain and our ability to adapt, 
change and navigate the risk of future disruption. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  71 
Supply 
chain
Foundations 
of our approach 

[page 73]
Our Emerald Standard requirements 
Our Emerald Standard is the Group’s supplier 
sustainability standard. To meet the Emerald Standard 
requirements our suppliers must achieve the following: 
GHG emissions calculation and disclosure 
• A public CDP Climate Change response
• Achieve at least a B score
• Disclosure of scope 1 emissions
• Disclosure of scope 2 emissions
• Disclosure of material scope 3 emissions
Net zero commitment 
• A public ambition to achieve net zero
• A target year of 2050 or sooner, with interim
targets for 2030, or sooner 
• A net zero target that covers scope 1, 2 and
material scope 3 emissions 
Science-aligned emission reduction target 
• Publicly available science-aligned target
• Targets are aligned to 1.5°C pathway
• Targets cover scope 1, 2 and material scope 3
emissions 
ESG scorecard 
• An up-to-date EcoVadis scorecard
• Achieve an overall score of 59 or more
Partnering for progress 
We launched our Emerald Standard in 2022, with the 
aim of working collaboratively with key suppliers on our 
common journey to net zero. Setting a clear environmental 
expectation, it draws on existing globally recognised 
disclosure and assessment approaches. Since then, we’ve 
seen strong progress through active collaboration and 
continued adoption of the standard. 
In 2025, our Emerald Standard population represented 
over 80% of our in-scope supply chain spend and emissions 
based on the previous year’s reporting (October 2023 – 
September 2024). Results highlight a continued year-on-
year improvement in supplier attainment of the Emerald 
Standard, showcasing positive progress across our 
supply base. 
The Group’s adjustment to how it awards the Emerald 
Standard, prompted by changes in CDP’s scoring 
methodology, resulted in an additional five suppliers 
achieving the Emerald Standard in 2025, bringing the 
total number of suppliers meeting all requirements to 59. 
Future focus 
We’re proud of the progress we’ve made so far and will 
build on the momentum created as we look to the future. 
With 2030 approaching and the evolving landscape, we are 
reviewing what we ask of our suppliers to ensure continued 
alignment with our ambition. To this end, 2026 will see the 
introduction of an updated Emerald Standard that will build 
on regulation changes and best practices, ensuring pace 
of progress aligns with our ambition: 
• Shifting focus: A focus on target setting and disclosure
has been essential in defining our ambition and setting
expectations. The evolution will focus on transition plans
and decarbonisation solutions that enable suppliers
to reduce their emissions in line with science, whilst
continuing collaboration and sharing of best practice 
• Leveraging regulations: Increasing mandatory
requirements in key jurisdictions for suppliers will be
leveraged to unlock efficiencies and minimise additional
resource requirements 
• Tailoring requirements: Our key suppliers are at different
stages of their decarbonisation journeys, so it is important
that our requirements adapt to supplier and sector
maturity to incentivise progress 
• Enhancing data accuracy: For the Group to consistently
track performance against targets and GHG reduction
plans, our aim is to transition from spend-based data
towards supplier-specific emissions inclusive of product
carbon footprints 
59
key suppliers meeting all requirements 
of the Emerald Standard, representing 
43% of supply chain emissions 
The Emerald Standard clearly articulates 
considered, focused and ambitious 
expectations for Lloyds Banking Group’s 
key suppliers. The investment in expertise 
and energy behind the Standard is, 
however, even more impressive; it signals 
to me the Group’s genuine commitment 
to effecting change through proactive 
and positive collaboration. The ongoing 
support, regular events and occasional 
challenge presented by the team has 
undoubtedly influenced our own 
performance and is a model of effective 
stakeholder engagement.” 
Matt Sparkes 
Sustainability Director, Linklaters LLP 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain continued | Banking activities | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows 
How our suppliers perform against our Emerald Standard requirements1 
2025 2024 Trend 
Suppliers meeting all requirements of Emerald Standard2 59 (35%) 44 (27%) 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025 72 
1. GHG emissions calculation and disclosure 72 (42%) 61 (38%) 
2. Net zero commitment 105 (62%) 77 (48%) 
3. Science-aligned emission reduction target 114 (67%) 83 (51%) 
4. ESG scorecard 115 (68%) 96 (59%) 
1 The numbers and percentages are reported on an absolute basis, given annual changes to the in-scope supplier population (for example: supplier exits, legal entity 
changes, scope increase to ensure 80% spend/emissions coverage). 
2 Due to significant changes in 2024's CDP scoring methodology, suppliers that historically met the CDP B score requirement and met all other requirements in 2025 
have been awarded the Emerald Standard, regardless of 2024 CDP scoring. 
Our actions 
to deliver


[page 74]
Engagement approach 
We believe that engaging with our suppliers plays a key 
role in the reduction of emissions generated through the 
goods and services provided to us – supporting our journey 
towards net zero. 
In 2025, supplier feedback regarding ESG challenges 
was analysed to develop a roadmap of events, providing 
suppliers with increased knowledge, a broader network 
to tackle shared challenges, and support for those 
transitioning to net zero. 
To ensure maximum attendance for our 2025 events, 
both virtual webinars and an in-person event were 
offered. The virtual events were designed to provide 
suppliers with skills and knowledge to advance their 
sustainability journey, including technical guidance on 
science-aligned targets, deep dives on best practice for 
successful CDP and EcoVadis submissions and workshops 
on calculating scope 3 emissions. 
The event series concluded by welcoming 50 unique 
organisations to our in-person Supplier Sustainability 
Connect event. The event was curated to address the 
priorities identified by our suppliers, whilst fostering 
meaningful dialogue and networking opportunities. 
The agenda featured sessions on purposeful growth, 
the business case for nature, transition plans, and a 
focus group dedicated to discussing the future evolution 
of the Emerald Standard. 
We recognise the importance of bringing our suppliers 
together to learn, share and support one another through 
a variety of touchpoints. We will continue to engage our 
suppliers through both virtual and face-to-face events in 
2026, aligning our agenda to focus areas identified during 
our latest supplier assessments and feedback. 
Collaboration is the cornerstone of 
resilient, future-fit supply chains. The 
Supplier Sustainability Connect hosted by 
Lloyds Banking Group at their impressive 
(and sustainably retrofitted) office in 
London was a reminder of what’s possible 
when organisations come together with 
shared purpose. It was energising to 
connect with colleagues, peers and 
partners all working toward a more 
sustainable and equitable future. At HH 
Global, we’re proud to support Lloyds 
Banking Group’s ambition of Helping 
Britain Prosper, and we remain committed 
to maintaining our leadership status as the 
Emerald Standard evolves and replicating 
positive impact across our supply chain 
and beyond.” 
Andrew Westrop 
Sustainability Director and 
ESG Programme Manager, HH Global 
Mitigating nature-related risk from third-
party spend 
Following a nature materiality assessment completed 
at the end of 2024, we identified three sectors to focus 
on: construction, business services and technology. 
We directly engaged with priority suppliers in these sectors 
and assessed their organisational environmental strategy 
and commitments aligned to nature, as well as current 
activity and future plans. Overall findings highlighted 
that whilst the majority of suppliers in these sectors have 
identified nature as an area of focus, a number of suppliers 
are still in the early stages of understanding how best to 
take this forward. The most mature suppliers have carried 
out assessments across their own organisation and made 
or had clear intent to make commitments relevant to their 
industry and impact. 
In addition, we built into the Emerald Standard 
engagement discussions a broader ESG question with 
the aim to explore which Emerald Standard suppliers 
were focusing on nature. Insight revealed several with 
biodiversity, water and waste initiatives, with associated 
public disclosures. 
All insight gathered is helping inform future plans and 
strategy on how we can best work with our suppliers 
to understand and mitigate the impact our supply chain 
has on nature. 
Working with our suppliers to achieve 
our operational ambitions 
Aligned to our zero-waste ambition, we have worked with 
our technology waste processors to identify treatment 
methods and lay out reporting requirements for technology 
waste. These interactions have enabled us to better 
understand our suppliers’ processes and the challenges 
they face within their own sectors. We will continue 
collaboration with technology waste processors in 2026 
to strengthen data quality, traceability, and consistent 
categorisation of outcomes – aiming to identify additional 
reuse opportunities, aligning to our existing circular 
economy principles. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain continued | Banking activities | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows Purpose in action 
Inspiring supplier action 
Computacenter is an independent technology and 
services provider, supplying technology and related 
support to the Group alongside end-of-life management 
via its Circular Services – with a focus on three pillars: 
People, Planet and Solutions. 
Via Computacenter’s Circular Services, the Group’s 
redundant technology equipment is recovered and 
assessed for reuse or recycling in line with circular 
economy principles and the European Waste Hierarchy. 
We work in partnership to ensure reuse is a priority, with 
all redundant items thoroughly sanitised of data prior to 
being redeployed or resold – and environmentally 
responsible recycling carried out where reuse is not viable. 
Once technology equipment has been allocated for reuse 
or recycling, Computacenter provides insight on monetary 
returns from resale, carbon avoidance from reuse and 
recycling, and raw materials extraction from recycled items 
and components. Recycling outputs are validated by their 
testing of downstream partners’ recycling processes, 
ensuring robust data and industry-leading practices. 
We’ve also partnered with Computacenter on their Recycle 
for Good scheme, which encourages employees to donate 
their personal redundant technology items. From October 
2024 to September 2025, the scheme has led to 3,691 
items being collected weighing 5.6 tonnes, with the 
additional value of raising employee awareness of the 
pressing need to recover materials from used technology. 
“Computacenter and Lloyds Banking Group’s partnership 
has been strengthened as a result of the Emerald 
Standard, which helps suppliers focus on what matters 
to LBG by allowing partners to focus on implementing 
changes rather than completing custom questionnaires 
and reports.”
Clare Parry-Jones 
Sales Enablement Director Europe, Computacenter 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  73 
SDG 12.5 
By 2030, substantially reduce waste generation through 
prevention, reduction, recycling and reuse. 
Link to strategy

[page 75]
How we track progress 
Our supply chain emissions 
For the latest reporting period, October 2024 to September 
2025, emissions are calculated from supplier spend totalling 
£4.4 billion (net of VAT). This represents an 11% increase 
in supplier spend compared to our baseline year. Emissions 
have decreased by 4%, whilst our emissions intensity is 13% 
lower than baseline year. 
Compared to baseline year, our spend composition reflects 
a higher concentration in higher intensity areas: 
• Category 1: spend has increased by 5% whilst emissions 
have reduced by 18% 
• Category 2: spend has increased by 146% whilst emissions 
have increased by 102% 
• Category 4: spend has increased by 49% whilst emissions 
have increased by 35% 
The increase in category 2 emissions reflects the Group’s 
investment in our new data centre, as well as capital 
expenditure to maintain and transform our office and 
branch network. Category 4 emissions increased primarily 
due to increased spend with a single supplier, which 
accounts for most of the emissions within this category. 
The calculation of our category 2 and category 4 emissions 
relies predominantly on less accurate calculation methodologies. 
These activities are also more carbon intensive. 
Whilst we expect this spend to decrease as our investment 
programme concludes, we will continue to encourage 
our key suppliers to disclose their full scope of material 
emissions, and where possible allocate them to the products 
and services they deliver to the Group. 
Since we started reporting, supplier allocated emissions 
have risen substantially from 5% to 23%, representing 39% 
of supplier spend. Conversely, Comprehensive Environmental 
Data Archive (CEDA) based emissions calculations have 
decreased from 66% to 48%. This demonstrates an 
improvement in the quality and accuracy of the data 
used to calculate our emissions. 
The most appropriate approach to calculation of emissions 
associated with the supply chains supporting Lex Autolease, 
Tusker and Lloyds Living businesses requires further 
investigation before we can disclose them. Their supply 
chain emissions arise predominantly from the purchase 
of vehicles and property. 
Overall, we estimate there is a further c.£5.7 billion gross 
spend which is currently not captured or disclosed in our 
reporting. Lex Autolease, Tusker and Lloyds Living third-
party spend represents c.94% of the c.£5.7 billion. 
Strengthening data accuracy 
In October 2025, CEDA released an update to carbon 
emissions factors for 2023 onwards. This update 
incorporates UK price index adjustments, reflects real-world 
decarbonisation trends, and adopts updated global warming 
potential (GWP) values following the transition from 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) 
Assessment Report 5 (AR5) to Assessment Report 6 (AR6). 
As a result, we have restated baseline year + 1 and baseline 
year + 2. 
To maintain consistency and comparability between 
our disclosures, we also re-aligned some of our previous 
CEDA mappings based upon improved understanding of 
descriptions and corrected immaterial findings identified 
in prior calculations. These changes have been applied 
retrospectively, including to our baseline year, to ensure our 
data reflects the most accurate and up-to-date information 
available. To maintain confidence in our restated baseline 
year and latest reported emissions, these have been subject 
to limited assurance. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain continued | Banking activities | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows 
Scope 3 supply chain emissions (tCO2e) 
Baseline year + 3 Baseline year + 2 Baseline year 
Scope 3 supply chain emissions by GHG protocol category 2024/25 2023/24 2021/22 
Category 1 – purchased goods and services (including category 8 
upstream leased assets) 350,383  352,522  429,676 
Category 2 – capital goods 76,742  93,306  37,966 
Category 4 – upstream transportation and distribution 84,784  58,471  62,979 
Total 511,909
Industry collaboration 
We are proud to be part of the Finance Initiative for 
Sustainable Procurement (FISP) Peer Group, facilitated 
by Accenture, where we work alongside industry peers 
regarding sustainable procurement practices across the 
financial sector. Through open collaboration, we share 
best practices, tackle common challenges, and we have 
contributed to the group’s first white paper on the 
calculation and reporting of emissions in the financial 
services sector. 
Whilst our involvement reflects our commitment 
to embedding sustainability into our supply chain, it 
is up to each organisation to take its own independent 
decision to integrate recommendations in line with their 
commitments and policies. 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  74 
 504,299  530,621 
Emission Intensity (tCO2e / £m) 115.8 109.5  132.9 
Indicator is subject to limited assurance by Deloitte LLP for further details see page 02. 
tCO2e
600,000 
500,000 
400,000 
300,000 
200,000 
100,000 
0 
Supply chain emissions (tCO2e) 
Previously reported emissions Recalculated emissions 
2021/22 
Baseline year 
2024/25 
Baseline year+3 
2023/24 
Baseline year+2 
% of emissions by methodology
 100% 
 90% 
 80% 
 70% 
 60% 
 50% 
 40% 
 30% 
 20% 
 10% 
 0% 
CEDA CDP Apportioned CDP Supplier Allocated 
2021/22 
Baseline year 
2023/24 
Baseline year+2 
2024/25 
Baseline year+3 
4.7 
28.9 
66.4 
19.2 
20.0 
60.8 
22.7 
29.3 
48.0

[page 76]
Our Group ambition, to reach net zero 
by 2050 or sooner, guides our long-
term direction and underpins our role 
in supporting the UK’s transition 
to a low carbon economy. 
Our bank lending activity is the largest share of our Group 
financed emissions and a key area of focus for supporting the 
transition while unlocking growth opportunities through the 
financing of clients, customers and the broader economies 
such as transition technologies and nature-based solutions. 
Alongside balance sheet growth, understanding our exposure 
to transition risks across our lending portfolios is also critical 
to managing financial stability and shareholder value. 
Aligning with the Paris 1.5°C goal is essential to mitigate 
economic disruption and protect resilience for our business 
and the UK economy. 
Our priority is to be a constructive partner in the 
transition. We support clients on their own transition 
journeys. The scale of the transition challenge demands a 
systemic approach to influence change, recognising that no 
single organisation can deliver the transition alone. We work 
with policymakers, regulators, clients and suppliers to shape 
frameworks, accelerate adoption of low-carbon technologies 
and scale solutions at pace. Collaboration mitigates risk 
and creates new markets and revenue streams. 
To support the delivery of our Group ambition, we have 
set science-aligned targets for our most material sectors 
(see 
page 79). These guide our lending activities, assisting 
us to align our capital flows with low-carbon and 
transition outcomes. 
Unless otherwise stated, disclosures in this section from 
pages 75 to 110 are not applicable to our Scottish Widows’ 
assets and liabilities. See pages 111 to 118 for Scottish 
Widows disclosures. 
Our actions focus on driving practical 
change such as: 
Financing energy-efficient and low-
carbon projects to future-proof assets 
Supporting clients with transition plans 
Advocating for policy frameworks that 
enable systemic change 
Convening stakeholders to share insights 
and scale solutions 
Together, our ambition provides the overall direction 
for the Group, our sector targets support the roadmap 
for our business, and our financing demonstrates 
measurable progress – creating value for customers, 
communities and shareholders while building 
a resilient and profitable business. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Banking 
activities
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  75 

[page 77]
1 TNFD: Additional Guidance for Financial Institutions We have used ENCORE 
as the primary source of impact and dependency information. 
2 Increased climate risk represents lending to customers that may likely contribute 
a higher share of the Group’s financed emissions. Not all customers in these 
sectors have high emissions or are exposed to significant transition risks. 
3 The benefits people obtain from ecosystems. 
When considering sectors 
with increased environmental 
sustainability-related risk, we have 
looked at both climate and nature. 
We recognise that we are earlier in our journey on nature 
than climate and therefore have initially focused on 
disclosing our exposure to sectors considered to have 
material nature-related impacts and dependencies. 
This has been achieved by mapping industry codes 
provided by TNFD, for priority sectors defined in TNFD’s 
Additional Guidance for Financial Institutions
1, to standard 
industrial classification (SIC) codes. The drivers behind the 
climate risk sectors and nature priority sectors are however 
potentially different. 
Exposure to customers in environmentally significant sectors 
 Industry Increased climate risk drivers2 Nature-related impacts and dependencies1
Agriculture, forestry 
and fishing 
Increased climate risk sectors: agriculture, fishing and forestry. 
The agriculture sector is exposed to policy reform, increasing demands from supply 
chains and changes in consumer behaviour, alongside technological advances. 
Agriculture is one of the sectors with the largest impacts and dependencies on nature. For example, 
agriculture directly contributes towards water scarcity and declining soil health. The forestry sector 
is directly dependent on water availability and can, when not managed sustainably, lead to habitat 
destruction and soil erosion. Fishing activities are dependent on healthy ecosystems, and can cause 
biodiversity loss through overexploitation and habitat destruction. 
Construction Increased climate risk sectors: housebuilders and other construction. 
Risks associated with housebuilding and other construction include increased 
environmental regulation, including carbon taxes, and investor pressures and shifting 
consumer sentiment to move to alternative sustainable practices. 
Construction activities are associated with high resource intensity, relying on large quantities of raw 
materials such as timber and water, the extraction of such can have significant impacts on natural 
ecosystems. Construction activities also involve significant land use changes and the production 
of substantial waste and pollution. 
Energy and 
water supply 
Increased climate risk sectors: utilities. 
Utilities that fail to address climate risks may face reputational damage, exposure to 
carbon taxes, higher investment requirements, legal challenges, and increased scrutiny 
from investors and stakeholders. 
Energy supply is a priority sector for nature as this sector has direct impacts on nature across land 
and sea use change, resource use and pollution. Water supply is highly dependent on ecosystem 
services3 that enable the provision of water of a suitable quality. Waste management services within 
this industry are most notably associated with pollution as an impact driver through the pollution 
of soils and water. 
Financial, 
business and 
other services 
Increased climate risk sectors: automotive and real estate. 
The majority of our lending to financial, business and other services is associated with 
automotive, specifically rental companies, which are at risk of increased regulation/
policies, as well as increasing investor pressure and shifting customer sentiment. 
The majority of our lending to the financial, business and other services industry is not considered 
to have material impacts and dependencies on nature. Impacts and dependencies are associated 
with services to the sector linked to transportation (see Transport, distribution and hotels). 
Manufacturing Increased climate risk sectors: automotive, construction materials, chemicals 
and steel manufacture, food manufacture and wholesalers, general manufacturing 
and oil and gas. 
Manufacturing covers a broad range of activities, with risks associated with increasing 
policy reform, pressure to reduce emissions, exposure to carbon taxes, and increased 
litigation pressure and reputational damage. 
Whilst manufacturing as an industry is not a distinct nature priority sector, manufacturing activities 
can have large impacts on the natural environment through, for example, air and water pollution 
and waste generation. These activities may also be highly dependent on the availability of water 
resources and have a high resource dependency on raw materials. 
Mining and 
quarrying 
Increased climate risk sectors: oil and gas. 
The risks from associated activities are increasing policy reform, pressure to reduce 
emissions, exposure to carbon taxes, potential litigation and reputational damage. 
Our lending to mining and quarrying activities is low; however, these activities are associated with 
impacts related to land, freshwater and ocean use change as well as pollution such as air, soil and 
water pollutants and waste generation. The industry is also associated with high dependencies on 
ecosystem services such as water supply, flood control and water purification. 
Postal and 
telecommunications 
Climate risk is relatively low for this industry compared to other sectors. The impacts of our lending to the postal and telecommunications industry is not associated with 
a nature priority sector indicating that it is not considered to have material nature-related 
dependencies and impacts. 
Property 
companies 
Increased climate risk sectors: real estate. 
The climate risks associated with real estate are evolving energy-efficiency regulations, 
which could render properties non-compliant, potentially impact property valuations 
and lead to increased affordability pressures. 
The majority of our lending to property companies is not considered to have material nature-related 
impacts and dependencies as this finance is primarily associated with real estate investment 
activities. 
Transport, 
distribution 
and hotels 
Increased climate risk sectors: automotive, industrial transport, oil and gas and 
passenger transport. 
Transition risk is a key issue for the transport sector, with an increase in regulation/
policies, increased competition with new entrants alongside advances in technology, 
as well as increasing investor pressure and shifting customer sentiment. 
High impacts and dependencies on nature related to our lending include, for example, the transport 
sector’s potential to significantly impact nature in ways such as the emission of greenhouse gases and 
non-greenhouse gases, water and noise pollution. Beyond transport, this industry is associated with 
consumer services, such as food and drink and retail sale of pharmaceuticals, driving impacts such 
as waste production. 
Personal 
(mortgages 
and other) 
Risks associated with personal mortgages are evolving energy-efficiency regulations, 
which could render properties non-compliant, potentially impact property valuations 
and lead to increased affordability pressures. 
Our personal mortgages are not considered to have material direct impacts or dependencies 
on nature. Whilst upstream homebuilding (see Other construction) is associated with significant 
impacts and dependencies on nature, personal mortgages are primarily financial transactions related 
to property ownership which therefore have less of a direct influence on nature. 
Lease financing 
and hire purchase 
Transition risk is a key issue for the transport sector, with an increase in regulation/
policies, increased competition with new entrants alongside advances in technology, 
as well as increasing investor pressure and shifting customer sentiment. 
Lease financing and hire purchases are closely associated with the transport industry (see Transport, 
distribution and hotels). 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities continued | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  76 
Bank lending 
to customers in 
environmentally 
significant 
sectors

[page 78]
Banking activities continued 
Our lending portfolio means we 
have exposure to the following 
sectors with increased climate risk: 
residential mortgages, real estate 
sector and agriculture. 
Supporting the UK’s transition 
continued 
Exposure to customers in environmentally significant sectors (£m) 
 31 December 2025  31 December 2024 
Concentrations of exposure 1 Sectors with increased climate risk 2 Lending 3 Off-BS 4
 Total 
exposure 
 Increased 
climate risk 
% of Group 
 Nature 
priority 
sector % of 
Group Lending 3 Off-BS 4
 Total 
exposure 
 Increased 
climate risk 
% of Group 
Agriculture, forestry Agriculture 5 6,003  692  6,695 6,383  574  6,957 
and fishing Fishing 13  4  17 24  4  28 
Forestry 55  9  64 17  24  41 
Total 6,071  705  6,776  1.1%  1.1% 6,424  602  7,026  1.1%  1.1% 
Construction Housebuilders 872  1,390  2,262 1,020  1,521  2,541 
Other construction 2,303  1,285  3,588 2,369  1,076  3,445 
Total 3,175  2,675  5,850  0.9%  0.9% 3,389  2,597  5,986  1.0%  1.0% 
Energy and water Utilities 4,910  5,499  10,409 4,222  4,517  8,739 
supply 6 Not assessed as increased risk 661  1,014  1,675 690  1,018  1,708 
Total 5,571  6,513  12,084  1.6%  1.7% 4,912  5,535  10,447  1.4%  1.5% 
Financial, business and Automotive 860  1,001  1,861 460  628  1,088 
other services Real estate —  555  555 —   331
  331 
Not assessed as increased risk 39,361  33,838  73,199 37,574  30,814  68,388 
Total 40,221  35,394  75,615  0.4%  0.3% 38,034  31,773  69,807  0.2%  0.4
% 
Manufacturing 7 Automotive 1,056  1,898  2,954 1,269  1,769  3,038 
Construction materials, chemicals and steel manufacture 379  219  598 164  265  429 
Food manufacturing and wholesalers 1,530  679  2,209 979  797  1,776 
General manufacturing 1,797  3,949  5,746 2,182  3,085  5,267 
Oil and gas 45  44  89 1  25  26 
Not assessed as increased risk 519  980  1,499 195  894  1,089 
Total 5,326  7,769  13,095  1.8%  1.2% 4,790  6,835  11,625  1.7%  1.1% 
Mining and quarrying Oil and gas 147  1,153  1,300 125  491  616 
Not assessed as increased risk 167  19  186 80  8  88 
Total 314  1,172  1,486  0.2%  0.2% 205  499  704  0.1%  0.1% 
Postal and Not assessed as increased risk 3,177  3,909  7,086 3,182  3,728  6,910 
telecommunications Total 3,177  3,909  7,086  0.0%  0.0% 3,182  3,728  6,910  0.0%  0.0% 
Property companies 8 Real estate 9 19,139  7,131  26,270 19,271  6,157  25,428 
Total 19,139  7,131  26,270  4.1%  0.0% 19,271  6,157  25,428  4.1%  0.1% 
Transport, distribution Automotive 1,866  1,912  3,778 1,911  2,223  4,134 
and hotels 10 Industrial transport 1,084  1,056  2,140 937  895  1 ,832 
Oil and gas 104  6  110 57  10  67 
Passenger transport 1,010  1,433  2,443 963  1,421  2,384 
Not assessed as increased risk 6,266  5,449  11,715 6,868  5,409  12,277 
Total 10,330  9,856  20,186  1.3%  1.7% 10,736  9,958  20,694  1.4%  1.8% 
Personal: Mortgages11 Increased risk  346,033  19,566  365,599  330,840  18,166  349,006 
Total  346,033  19,566  365,599  56.7%  0.0%  330,840  18,166  349,006  56.8%  0.0% 
Personal: Lease Increased risk  13,972  220  14,192  13,249  102  13,351 
financing Total 13,972  220  14,192  2.2%  2.2% 13,249  102  13,351  2.2%  2.2% 
Personal: Other Increased risk 160  —  160 162  85  247 
Not assessed as increased risk 30,985  65,674  96,659 27,854  65,188  93,042 
Total 31,145  65,674  96,819  0.0%  0.0% 28,016  65,273  93,289  0.0%  0.0% 
Total  484,474  160,584  645,058  70.3%  9.3%  463,048  151,225  614,273  70.0%  9.2% 
Subtotals Increased climate risk  403,338  49,701  453,039  70.3%  386,605  44,168  430,773  70.0% 
Nature priority sectors 12  38,905  21,086  59,991  9.3%  38,471  18,317  56,788  9.2% 
Oil and gas 296  1,203  1,499  0.2% 18
3  526  709  0.1% 
Automotive 3,782  4,811  8,593  1.3% 3,640  4,619  8,259  1.3% 
Real estate 19,139  7,686  26,825  4.2% 19,271  6,488  25,759  4.2% 
 Nature 
priority 
sector % of 
Group 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  77 
Exposure to 
environmentally 
significant 
sectors 
1 Based on the standard European nomenclature of productive activities (NACE 
codes) as presented within the Concentrations of Exposure table in our 
annual report and 
accounts  on page 165. Lease financing, previously 
reported in aggregate, is presented separately according to whether the 
lending is personal or non-personal. Non-personal lease financing is allocated 
to the industries or sectors relevant to the exposure. Comparatives are 
represented on a consistent basis. 
2 Based on standard industrial classification (SIC) codes. 
3 Lending is based on total loans and advances to customers before allowance 
for impairment losses. 
4 Off-BS (Off Balance Sheet) includes total commitments, financial guarantees 
and contingent liabilities. 
5 Agriculture includes Scottish Widows loans held via securitisation. 
6 Energy and water supply nature priority sector % of Group – this industry is 
also associated with waste management services which, whilst not associated 
with high climate risk, are associated with material impacts and dependencies 
on nature. 
7 Manufacturing nature priority sector % of Group – unlike for climate, not all 
general manufacturing is associated with a nature priority sector. 
8 Property companies nature priority % of Group – whilst the TNFD identifies 
real estate development as a priority sector for nature, the majority of our 
exposure is associated with real estate investment activities, and therefore 
this lending is not associated with a nature priority sector. 
9 Real estate includes social housing and loans held via securitisation. 
10 Transport, distribution and hotels nature priority % of Group – whilst not 
considered to be associated with high climate risk, some of our lending in this 
industry is associated with, for example, consumer services such as food and 
drink and retail sale of pharmaceuticals which are associated with nature 
priority sectors. 
11 Personal (mortgages) nature priority sector % of Group – whilst climate risk 
considers the energy usage of homes associated with our personal mortgages 
as a key driver, from a nature perspective the direct influence of homeowners 
on the state of nature is considered to be low. 
12 Nature priority sectors are identified separately from increased climate risk, 
outlined on
 page 76.

[page 79]
Banking activities continued 
Analysis by IFRS 9 expected credit 
loss stage and maturity for lending 
made to sectors classified as being 
at increased climate risk. 
1 Personal (mortgages and other) includes POCI (purchased or originated credit 
impaired) assets within underlying stages, £0.6 billion Stage 1, £2.7 billion Stage 
2 and £1.7 billion Stage 3. 
Supporting the UK’s transition 
continued 
Exposure to customers in sectors with increased climate risk (£m) – 31 December 2025 
Energy and water supply Utilities
Mining and quarrying 
Increased risk lending by maturity 
Sectors with increased climate risk Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Total < 1 year 1-5 years > 5 years Total 
Agriculture  4,530  1,226  247  6,003  1,984  1,568  2,451  6,003 
Fishing 11  2  —  13  5  3  5  13 
Concentrations of exposure 1
Agriculture, forestry and fishing 
Forestry 50 5  —  55 18  14  23  55 
Total 4,591  1,233  247  6,071 2,007  1,585  2,479  6,071 
Housebuilders 573  224  75  872 555  275  42  872 
Other construction 2,045  191  67  2,303 1,464  727  112  2,303 
Construction 
Total 2,618  415  142  3,175 2,019  1,002  154  3,175 
Total 4,744  139  27  4,910  2,422  2,041  447  4,910 
Financial, business and 
other services 
Food manufacturing and wholesalers 1,463  66  1  1,530 894  552  84  1,530 
General manufacturing 1,578  165  54  1,797 1,049  649  99  1,797 
Manufacturing 
Oil and gas 44  94  9  147  103  38  6  147 
Total 44  94  9  147 103  38  6  147 
Real estate 17,464  1,286  389  19,139 9,310  7,974  1,855  1
9,139 
Total 17,464  1,286  389  19,139 9,310  7,974  1,855  19,139 
Property companies 
Transport, distribution Automotive 1,781  49  36  1,866 1,133  601  132  1,866 
Industrial transport 994  81  9  1,084 658  349  77  1,084 
Oil and gas 104  —  —  104 64  33  7  104 
Passenger transport 958  45  7  1,010 613  326  71  1,010 
and hotels 
Total 3,837  175  52  4,064 2,468  1,309  287  4,064 
Personal: Mortgages In scope 306,711  33,468  5,854  346,033 14,924  55,995  275,114  346,033 
Total 306,711  33,468  5,854  346,033 14,924  55,995  275,114  346,033 
In scope 11,076  2,758  138  13,972 4,488  9,380  104  13,972 Personal: Lease financing 
Total 11,076  2,758  138  13,972 4,488  9,380  104  13,972 
In scope 150  6  4  160 45  106  9  160 Personal: Other 
Total 150  6  4  160 45  106  9  160 
Increased risk lending by credit loss stage 
4,744  139  27  4,910 2, 422 2,041 447 4,910 
Automoti
ve
Total
Automotive
848  11  1  860 476   333  51  860  
848  11 
 1  860 476   333  51  860 
1,032  2
2  2  1,056 617  381  58 1,056 
Construction materials, chemicals and steel manufacture 336  40  3  3 79 221 137 21 379 
Oil and
 gas
Total
44 1 — 45 27 16  2 45
4,453 29
4 60 4,807 2 ,808 1,735 264 4,807
Total 356
,536 39,879 6,923 403,33 8 41,070 81,498 280,770 403,338
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  78 
Our 2025 
exposure to 
increased 
climate risk 
sectors – 
including credit 
loss stage and 
maturity

[page 80]
Our target summary 
Based on 2024 total Group assets of £906.7 billion, 
approximately £537.9 billion of assets (excluding pension 
and investment balances) are in scope of Partnership for 
Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) methodology. We 
have calculated emissions for 99% of our Bank assets in 
scope of PCAF
1.
Cash is represented in our coverage as zero emissions, 
noting the PCAF standard does not have a methodology 
for cash. The table below shows the proportion of lending 
that is covered by financed emissions sector targets: 
Reconciliation of Group total assets to lending used 
for emissions calculations 
Total 2024 
£bn 
Total assets 906.7 
Insurance, Pensions and Investments2 (197.3) 
Outside of PCAF scope (171.5) 
Bank assets in scope 537.9 
Assets where emissions are not yet calculated (2.8) 
Bank assets where emissions are calculated 535.1 
Zero emissions assets3 (65.8) 
Bank sovereign debt4 (16.8) 
Bank lending with financed emissions 452.5 
1 We have used the PCAF Part A – Financed emissions 2nd edition (2022) 
for calculations. We will review the Part A – Financed emissions 3rd 
edition (2025) that was released in December 2025 to determine what 
updates may be appropriate for future disclosures. 
2 Pensions and investment balances are covered through our Scottish 
Widows financed emissions ambition. 
3 Relates to zero emission balances (mainly cash). 
4 See 
page 80 for our approach to Bank sovereign debt. 
Sector target summary 
Total sector Lending within 
Baseline lending 2024 sector target % within sector Divergence 
System and target1 year of target (£bn) 2024 (£bn) target in 2024 Target baseline2 2024 Target progress from pathway3
Greening the built environment 
UK mortgages – 35% reduction in emissions intensity to 30kgCO2e/m2 by 2030 2020 313.0 313.0  100% 46kgCO2e/m2 42kgCO2e/m2  2.0 % 
Commercial and residential real estate (C&RRE) – 43% reduction in emissions intensity to 
22kgCO2e/m2 by 2030 
2021 21.9 18.9  86% 38kgCO2e/m2 34kgCO2e/m2  5.6 % 
Low carbon transport 
Retail motor (cars and LCVs) – 48% reduction in emissions intensity to 82gCO2e/km by 2030 2018 22.1 21.0  95% 157gCO2e/km 132gCO2e/km  (1.8) % 
Road passenger transport – 47% reduction in emissions intensity to 67gCO2e/pkm by 2030 2019 1.1 0.6  53% 125gCO2e/pkm 109gCO2e/pkm  0.6 % 
Automotive (OEMs) – 47% reduction in emissions intensity to 131gCO2e/vkm by 2030 2020 8.6 8.5  99% 246gCO2e/vkm 234gCO2e/vkm  18.7 % 
Aviation – 31% reduction in emissions intensity to 788gCO2e/rtk by 2030 2019 0.0 0.0  84% 1,143gCO2e/rtk 743gCO2e/rtk  (24.4) % 
Sustainable farming and food 
Agriculture – 23% reduction of absolute emissions to 5.1MtCO2e by 2030 2021 6.2 5.8  93% 6.6MtCO2e 5.4MtCO2e  (13.3) % 
Energy transition 
Oil and gas – 50% reduction in absolute emissions to 3.6MtCO2e by 2030 2019 1.4 0.5  37% 7.2MtCO2e 1.6MtCO2e  (59.3) % 
Power generation – 81% reduction in emissions intensity to 51gCO2e/kWh by 2030 2020 4.0 2.9  73% 264gCO2e/kWh 6gCO2e/kWh  (96.4) % 
Thermal coal – Full exit of thermal coal power in the UK by 2023. Full exit from all entities that 
operate
 thermal coal facilities by 2030 
Total lending to sectors with targets 378.3 371.2  98% 
Consumer Lending without sector targets 15.6 
Commercial Banking without sector targets 58.6 
Bank lending with financed emissions 452.5 
Target sector 
coverage  = 
Total lending 
within sector targets  = 82% Total calculated 
emissio
ns  = 
Bank ass
ets where emissions are 
calculated  = 99% 
Bank len
ding with financed emissions Bank assets in scope 
1 There are rounding differences between target baseline, percentage reduction and 2030 target. Targets cover on-balance sheet assets. The scope of our targets have been defined, and the target setting methodologies set out, within the sustainability metrics 
basis of 
reporting available at our sustainabil
ity downloads
2 C&RRE, Retail motor, Road passenger transport, Automotive (OEMs), Aviation, Agriculture, Power and Oil and gas baselines have been updated due to methodology changes, correction of misstatements due to error and revised client data. 
3 Shows divergence between 2024 actual and 2024 reference pathway emission intensity. Arrow up – performance for 2024 ahead of reference pathway. Arrow down – performance for 2024 behind reference pathway. 
  Indicator is
 subject to limited assurance by Deloitte LLP see page 02 for 
details. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities continued | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  79 
Sector target 
summary

[page 81]
Our scope 3 financed emissions are calculated from the 
scope 1 and 2 emissions generated from our investments 
or lending. Scope 3 (value chain) emissions are also 
calculated and reported separately. We continue to refine 
our estimates of financed emissions as we enhance our 
understanding, calculation methodologies and data. 
Further details on our calculation methodology can be 
found within the sustainability metrics basis of reporting 
available in our 
sustainability downloads
We recognise our role in the UK economy, and the 
opportunities it creates to support the transition of our 
most carbon-intensive sectors to meet our net zero 
ambitions. In supporting the transition through direct 
financing our financed emissions may increase on 
a temporary basis. In the long term we expect that 
supporting the transition of our high carbon sector clients 
will reduce our financed emissions. For details of our Client 
Transition Plan assessment approach see 
pages 82 to 83. 
Bank sovereign debt 
Following the issuance by PCAF of its sovereign debt 
methodology, we have calculated and reported financed 
emissions on our sovereign bond portfolio since prior year. 
These bonds are held as part of the Bank’s liquidity 
portfolio. As the balances can vary significantly over time 
and there is limited potential to influence the emissions 
of the issuing nations, these emissions are not included as 
part of the Bank financed emissions baseline or ambition. 
Estimated emissions for the period ended 31 December 
2024 are 2.2MtCO
2e excluding Land Use, Land-Use Change 
and Forestry (LULUCF) and 2.3MtCO2e including LULUCF. 
For details on sovereign debt emissions within Scottish 
Widows see 
page 117. 
Bank absolute financed emissions, PCAF data quality scores and intensity metrics1,2,5 
2024 2023 2018 
Financed 
emissions Data quality Financed emissions Data quality Financed emissions Data quality 
PCAF data PCAF data PCAF data 
MtCO2e Intensity quality score MtCO2e Intensity quality score MtCO2e Intensity quality score 
Total Total Total Total Total Total 
Physical scope 1 scope 1 scope 1 Physical scope 1 scope 1 Physical scope 1 
Sector Scope 1 Scope 2 Scope 3 intensity Scope 1 Scope 2 and 2 and 2 Scope 3 and 2 Scope 3 intensity and 2 Scope 3 Scope 3 and 2 intensity and 2 Scope 3 
Greening the built environment 
3.9  0.5  4.4 UK mortg ages  — 42kgCO2e
/m2
3.3  3.3  3.3  — 4.7  — 43kgCO2e 3.4  —  — —  —  —  — 
/m2
 0.3  0.2  0.5 C&RRE  — 34kgCO2e
/m2
4.5  4.5  4.5  — 0.6  — 34kgCO2e  4.4  —  — —  —  —  — 
/m2
Low carbon transport 
2.2  0.2  2.4 Retail mot or  — 132gCO2e
/km
2.3  2.7  2.3  — 2.4  — 140gCO2e  2.2  —  3.7 
/km
157gCO2e/
— km
 2.1 
 — 
0.2  —   
0.2 Road passenger transport  0.2 109gCO2e
/pkm
1.1  1.1  1.1  2. 5 0.1  0.2 114gCO2e/ 1.2  2.9  — —  —  —  — 
pkm
0.1  0.1  0.2 Automotive (OEMs)  14.5 234gCO2e
/vkm
1.0  1.2  1.1  1. 5 0.2  15.0 293gCO2e 1.2  1.9  — —  —  —  — 
/vkm
—  —  — Aviation  — 743gCO2e
/rtk
1.0  1.0  1.0  2. 0 0.1  — 901gCO2e 1.0  1.8  — —  —  —  — 
/rtk
Sustainable farming and food 
5.2  0.2  5.4 Agricult ure  —  4.6  4.7  4.6  — 5.8  —  4.6  —  — —  —  —  — 
Energy transition 
0.2  —  0.2 Oil and ga s  1.4 1.1  1.2  1.2  2.2 0.2  1.5 1.1  2. 1  — —  —  —  — 
0.1  —  0.1 Power generation  — 6gCO2e/
kWh
2.9  1.7  2.8  — 0.1  — 52 gCO2e/ 2.8  —  — —  —  —  — 
kWh
 12.2  1.2  13.4  16.1 3.2  Bank financed emissions with sector 3.3  3.2  1.6  14.2  16.7 3.3  2.0  3.7 —  2.1  — 
target
0.2  —  0.2  — 3.1  Consumer Lending without sector targets3 3.1  3.1  — 0.3  — 3.1  —  7.0 —  3.9  — 
3.8  1.2  5.0  42.9 3.8  Commercial Banking without sector 3.8  3.8  5.0 4.8  42.3 3.7  5.0  18.5 —  4.0  — 
targets4
 16.2  2.4  18.6  59.0 3.2  Total Bank financed emissions 3.3  3.2  4.5  19.3  59.0 3.3  4.6  29.2 —  3.8 
1 Our 2018 baseline year was restated from 29.7MtCO2e to 29.2MtCO2e and 2023 comparative year restated from 19.7MtCO2e to 19.3MtCO2e. These restatements are due to methodology changes, correction of misstatements due to error and improving 
client data impacting C&RRE, Retail motor, Road passenger transport, Automotive (OEMs), Agriculture, Power, Oil and gas and Commercial Banking without sector targets. This has been partially offset by the addition of our European mortgages portfolio 
from 2023. Further details provided for affected sectors on pages 84 to 110. Our recalculation approach is set out in our sustainability metrics basis of reporting which is available in our sustainability downloads
2 The Bank’s scope 3 emissions are made up of the scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions of the customers we lend to. Methodology outlining the calculation of finance emissions is included in our sustainability metrics basis of reporting which is available in our 
sustainability downloads. 
3 Consumer lendin
g without sector targets relates to Retail motor vehicles outside of the Cars & LCVs sector target, and our European mortgages (2023 onwards). 2018 includes UK mortgages prior to setting a sector target. 
4 Commercial Banking without sector targets, reflects scope 3 for all sectors without a scope 3 target, in line with PCAF guidance. This disclosure is limited to scope 3 upstream emissions due to PCAF scope 3 emission factors only covering upstream. 
5 Targets cover on balance sheet assets. 
   Indicator is subject to limited assurance by Deloitte LLP for further details see page 02. 
For details on economic intensity by sector please see the sustainability metrics datasheet available in sustainability downloads 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities continued | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  80 
Our Bank 
financed 
emissions

[page 82]
PCAF published the Global GHG 
Accounting and Reporting Standard 
(Part B) (the Standard) for facilitated 
emissions in December 2023, which 
covers a subset of capital markets 
(off-balance sheet) activities. 
In alignment with PCAF standards, we have updated our 
baseline for our facilitated emissions activities that adhere 
to the Standard, along with disclosing our emissions for 2024. 
This includes primary bond and syndicated loan issuances. 
Facilitated emissions differ from financed emissions in that 
they are not typically held on balance sheet. 
Setting sector reduction targets 
for facilitated emissions 
Our facilitated emissions data is sector and deal concentrated 
with four sectors representing over 50% of scope 1 and 2 
facilitated emissions for 2024. We acknowledge that 
facilitated emissions will fluctuate year-on-year due to: the 
influence of market conditions on deal supply and demand; 
emissions being calculated and disclosed only in the year each 
deal is facilitated; and PCAF bringing more products into scope 
for facilitated emissions in the future. 
Bank facilitated emissions, PCAF data quality scores and intensity metrics 
2024 Baseline year: 2023 
Facilitated emissions (MtCO2e) Facilitated emissions (MtCO2e) 
Scope 1 Economic Scope 1 
Scope 1 Scope 1 and 2 Scope 3 emissions Scope 1 Scope 1 and 2 Scope 3 
Facilitated and 2 and 2 as % of PCAF data Scope 3 Scope 3 as % of PCAF data intensity Facilitated and 2 and 2 as % of PCAF data Scope 3 Scope 3 as % of PCAF data 
amount 33% 100% Facilitated quality 33% 100% Facilitated quality (MtCO2e/ amount 33% 100% Facilitated quality 33% 100% Facilitated quality 
Sector (£bn) weighting weighting Total score weighting weighting Total score £bn) (£bn) weighting weighting Total score weighting weighting Total score 
Low carbon transport 
Passenger transport 0.0 0.07 0.21  27% 1.5 0.03 0.09  1% 2.0 0.68 0.4 0.10 0.31  43% 1.5 0.04 0.12  2% 2.0 0.95 
Automotive (OEMs) 4.3 0.03 0.09  11% 1.1 2.22 6.72  67% 2.0 1.59 2.8 0.02 0.06  9% 1.2 1.89 5.74  75% 2.0 2.10 
Energy transition 
Oil and gas 0.3 0.03 0.10  13% 1.8 0.23 0.70  7% 2.6 2.43 0.2 0.02 0.06  9% 2.1 0.18 0.54  7% 2. 8 2.57 
Power generation 0.1 0.01 0.04  5% 2.4 0.06 0.17  2% 11.3 1.49 0.4 0.02 0.07  10% 1.9 0.04 0.11  1% 3.8 0.46 
Sector-based facilitated emissions 4.7 0.15 0.44  56% 1.2 2.54 7.68  77% 2.1 1.56 3.8 0.17 0.51  71% 1.4 2.15 6.5  85% 2.2 1.83 
Non-sector-based facilitated emissions 14.0 0.11 0.35  44% 2.2 0.76 2.32  23% 2.7 0.20 10.8 0.07 0.21  29% 2.4 0.37 1.12  15% 2.8 0.12 
Total Bank facilitated emissions 18.7 0.26 
Economic 
emissions 
intensity 
(MtCO2e/
£bn) 
0.79  100% 1.9 3.30 10.00  100% 2.5 0.58 14.6 0.24 0.72  100% 2.1 2.52 7.62  100% 2.7 0.57 
Green use of proceed facilitated emissions1 1.8 0.03 0.08 1.9 0.25 0.77 2.5 0.48 0.8 0.03 0.09 2.1 0.22 0.66 2.6 0.99 
1 Our primary green bond issuances are included separately and we have attributed full emissions weightings (33% and 100% of our total bookrunner apportionment). 
  Indicator is subject to Limited ISAE 3000 (revised) and ISAE 3410 assurance by Deloitte LLP for the Sustainability Reporting. Deloitte’s 2025 assurance statement and the sustainability metrics basis of reporting are available online in sustainability downloads 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities continued | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  81 
Facilitated emissions

[page 83]
The transition plans of our clients 
are key to the delivery of our own 
Group Transition Plan. In line with 
our ambition to become a leader in the 
energy transition, by understanding 
our clients’ transition strategies, 
we can identify key opportunities 
arising from the transition to a low-
carbon economy. 
Our transition planning insights and technical expertise are 
offered to clients seeking support to develop and deliver 
their sustainability strategies and to finance innovative 
transition solutions. 
Lloyds Banking Group has provided great 
assistance with regards to our Better with 
Bellway sustainability strategy, from 
supporting our NextGeneration submission 
(a housebuilding sustainability benchmark) 
to reviewing our draft Climate Transition 
Plan, we can rely on Lloyds Banking Group 
to provide high quality advice.” 
Simon Park 
Head of Sustainability Bellway 
Every year our subject-matter experts review our priority 
clients’ transition plans to support engagement and 
financing decisions. Close engagement and collaboration 
with our clients is a key investment into these relationships, 
supporting us in truly understanding their businesses. 
We identify where they may need our support to achieve 
their decarbonisation ambitions, where we can act as 
trusted advisers, and seek out financing opportunities 
that can help drive a real-economy transition. 
These enhanced Client Transition Plan (CTP)
1 assessments sit 
alongside our ESG risk assessments undertaken as part of the 
credit risk assessment process. ESG risk assessments cover 
96% of clients in our Corporate and Institutional Bank and 
consider a broader range of ESG considerations as well as 
transition planning elements. These assessments support our 
understanding of climate risks and opportunities across our 
client portfolio and are further built upon by the enhanced 
CTP assessments for priority clients to drive engagement. 
In 2025, our CTP framework expanded to consider impacts 
and dependencies on nature alongside climate. We piloted 
just transition considerations within assessments for the first 
time in the real estate & housing sector. 
We align our approach with best practice
2 as this space 
matures and welcome increased interoperability in 
regulations and disclosures. We are actively engaged across 
the industry, with standard setters, data providers, peers 
and our clients, striving for increasing standardisation in 
transition planning approaches to alleviate the multiple 
reporting responsibilities which corporates face. 
The UK government is exploring options for mandating 
transition plan disclosures
3, making this topic highly relevant 
for our largest corporate clients. Additionally, the industry is 
developing its understanding of the role of client-level 
transition assessment within transition finance definitions
4. 
Understanding our Client Transition Plans 
To help us better understand risks and opportunities, corporate 
clients are covered by multiple layers of client transition 
assessments. 
Initial Assessment: Transition Risk Outcomes: 
96% of corporate clients in our 
Corporate & Institutional Bank 
included within ESG Tool 
Climate Risk Assessment. 
Streamlined assessment 
completed as part of ESG 
credit risk identification and 
assessment framework 
Embed outcomes into our 
multi-factor risk decisioning 
processes. Informs our sector 
and client level risk appetite. 
See page 127 
Enhanc
ed Assessment: Client Transition Plans (CTP) Outcomes: 
Priority clients covered by annual in-depth CTP assessment • Provide greater 
In 2025: 
• Undertook 108 detailed CTP 
assessments, representing 
£14.7 billion of drawn lending 
• 
• 
New sector in 2025: Real 
estate & housing 
Detailed assessments completed 
understanding of client 
transition activities 
supporting financing 
decisions aligned 
to the transition 
• Sector coverage: oil & gas, power 
& utilities, aviation, auto OEMs, 
road transport, manufacturing, 
leisure, food & drink, and retail • 
by Subject Matter Experts 
in Specialist Frontline Team 
Factors considered: climate, 
• Identify opportunities 
to support a real-economy 
transition through finance 
nature and just transition 
(pilot for real estate & housing) 
• Utilise client engagement 
to support client in maturing 
their transition planning 
Leveraging CTP for Direct Client Engagement 
Highly detailed, bespoke assessments are leveraged, where 
appropriate, to hold impactful direct engagements with clients 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities continued | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  82 
Client Transition 
Plans 
1 From 2025, our internal Credible Transition Plans (CTPs) assessment methodology will be 
known as Client Transition Plans. This underscores our commitment to understanding 
our clients’ transition challenges and opportunities to finance their decarbonisation 
strategies as they manage their response to changing guidance and reporting standards. 
2 Transition Plan Taskforce guidance (whose work has been carried forward by the 
International transition Plan Network (ITPN)), IFRS foundation guidance, the Transition 
Finance Council. 
3 Transition plan requirements: implementation routes (accessible webpage) – 
GOV.U
K 
4 Transition Finance guidelines: Consultation on entity-level Transition Finance Guidelines. 

[page 84]
SDG 9.4 
By 2030, upgrade infrastructure and retrofit industries to 
make them sustainable, with increased resource-use 
efficiency and greater adoption of clean and 
environmentally sound technologies and industrial 
processes, with all countries taking action in accordance 
with their respective capabilities. 
Link to strategy 
Purpose in action 
Financing the transition: 
Hynet Carbon Capture, 
Utilisation and Storage 
In April 2025, Lloyds Banking Group supported the £2.5 billion 
financing package for the UK CCS, HyNet CO₂ Transport 
and Storage Project owned by Eni, a global energy company. 
Under a first-of-a-kind framework supported by the UK 
government, Liverpool Bay CCS Limited (or Eni) will deliver 
new and repurposed onshore and offshore infrastructure 
to transport CO₂ emissions from industrial facilities within 
the Track One HyNet North West Cluster, for permanent 
storage in depleted offshore gas reservoirs in the Irish Sea. 
This initiative is critical for decarbonising hard-to-abate 
sectors such as energy-from-waste, cement manufacturing 
and low-carbon hydrogen production. 
Aligned with the UK government’s ambition to capture 
and store 20–30 million tonnes of CO₂ per annum by 2030, 
HyNet is expected to play a pivotal role in the UK’s Net Zero 
strategy. From targeted start-up in 2028, the project will have 
an initial storage capacity of 4.5 million tonnes of CO₂ per 
annum, with potential to increase to 10 million tonnes per 
annum in the 2030s as additional emitters join the cluster. 
The project will meaningfully contribute to the local 
economy, with the expected creation of 2,000 jobs during 
the initial construction phase and further employment 
opportunities generated through wider regional investment, 
supporting our purpose of Helping Britain Prosper. 
Key 2025 insights and actions 
As we engage with our clients, we seek to understand their 
transition priorities and work with them to achieve their 
transition ambitions: 
• Transition Planning momentum grows: more clients are 
developing transition plans than in any previous years, 
with some publishing further iterations as their strategy 
evolves. Around 60% of clients assessed in 2025 are 
demonstrating progress towards mature capital allocation 
aligned with their transition plan 
• Going Beyond Climate: increasing emergence of nature 
and social impacts beyond climate weaving into transition 
planning, with companies grappling with how to interlock 
nature & social impacts to drive a more holistic just 
transition 
• International Divergence: increasing divergence in 
transition planning requirements is a challenge for 
international interoperability of standards. Regulation 
and policy is a key driver of corporate ambitions & 
disclosures, with jurisdiction often driving corporate 
engagement 
• Dependence on Technology: in sectors where the 
development and scale-up of commercially viable 
technologies are still uncertain, there is a lack of 
confidence in aligning with ambitious decarbonisation 
pathways 
Next steps: 2026 and beyond 
• Identify the opportunities from the transition: meeting 
our clients’ transition finance needs, supporting key 
enabling technologies, and driving impact through green 
& transition finance 
• Prioritise engagement with our priority clients & 
leveraging our expertise to scale our support: leverage 
CTP to provide decision-useful information and consider 
transition as part of strategic decisions and in risk 
processes 
• Continue engagement across industry: striving for 
increasing standardisation in approaches 
• Remain dynamic & agile as this space matures: aligning 
with industry guidance as corporate reporting 
requirements evolve and offering bespoke advice 
to support our clients 
For a business to transition credibly, 
they need a long-term plan to guide 
their journey, with clear near-term 
and long-term targets. 
Last year we updated our guidance to provide more 
granularity on how participation in the Voluntary 
Carbon Markets (VCM) can align with net zero 
transition plans. 
Through the use of carbon markets, businesses can take 
responsibility for the impact of their ongoing emissions 
as well as neutralising the impact of their residual 
emissions by their net zero target year and thereafter. 
Voluntary Carbon Markets 
Over the past year, VCM has experienced significant 
growth and development, reflecting broader trends 
in climate action, regulatory shifts and private sector 
commitments to sustainability. 
A push for standardisation and integrity has resulted in 
clearer rules and safeguards, with the publication of the UK 
government’s Principles for Voluntary Carbon and Nature 
Market Integrity, the Integrity Council for the Voluntary 
Carbon Market (ICVCM) Core Carbon Principles and 
the SBTi’s revised Corporate Net-Zero Standard. 
At the start of 2025, we established a dedicated VCM 
team, whose strategy focuses on helping businesses 
navigate the market in order to reduce, avoid and 
remove emissions as well as financing high integrity 
carbon removal projects. 
To learn more about the team, please read our 
Carbon 
and nature markets page 
Supporting our clients address their residual 
and ongoing emissions 
Many companies are setting long-term and interim goals 
to achieve net zero emissions. By addressing residual and 
ongoing emissions sooner, businesses can make meaningful 
progress towards these targets whilst securing a stable 
supply of high integrity carbon credits and future-proofing 
against climate-related risks and potential regulatory 
requirements. 
We support clients through the provision of an end-to-
end offering including developing carbon offsetting 
strategies and curating portfolios of high-quality credits 
through spot, forward and offtakes purchases. As the 
market continues to evolve at pace, we are working with 
a broad range of market participants within the VCM 
ecosystem, including policymakers, standard setters, 
rating agencies, project developers and buyers. 
Scaling carbon removals and nature finance 
Carbon removal technologies including biochar, direct air 
capture, reforestation and soil carbon sequestration, play 
an essential role in reducing carbon dioxide, but many of 
these solutions require large-scale deployment of funding 
to mature and scale to meet future demands. 
Lloyds Bank’s VCM strategy seeks to structure financial 
products that enable businesses to invest in carbon 
removals while providing capital needed to support the 
research, development and growth of these technologies. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities continued | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  83 
Voluntary Carbon & Nature Markets 
(VCNM)

[page 85]
The systems engage with where 
we live through greening the built 
environment, how we move through 
low carbon transport, how we farm 
through a sustainable farming and 
food system, and the energy we use 
through an energy transition system. 
Through 2025, we have continued to strengthen our 
transition plan, focusing on the actions that will most 
effectively advance our ambitions while remaining 
responsive to an evolving external environment and our 
wider system dependencies where the pace of global 
change is not yet on a 1.5 degree trajectory. 
As part of this work, we monitor and forecast our financed 
emissions to 2030 for our sector targets, comparing our 
strategic decarbonisation pathway with the projected 
decarbonisation pathway of the UK. These forecasts carry 
limitations due to the availability of data, market developments, 
policy shifts and key dependencies that we cannot control on 
our own that could pose risks in achieving our ambitions. 
Our system-level analysis indicates that, in energy transition 
and low-carbon transport, the Group is on track to 
decarbonise faster than the UK overall. This reflects factors 
such as our lending composition, the size of our portfolio, 
and global nature of certain portfolios. Energy transition 
has been supported by our CTPs along with increased 
renewables lending in the Power sector. Progress in low 
carbon transport has been supported by the transition 
to low emission vehicles in our Retail motor business. 
For the Greening the built environment and Sustainable 
farming and food systems, our projected 2030 
decarbonisation is expected to closely align with the UK, 
consistent with our balance sheet composition closely 
mirroring the UK sector mix. 
Group vs UK expected 2030 decarbonisation by system 
Energy 
transition  
Greening 
the built 
environment
 
Low carbon 
transport
 
Sustainable 
farming 
and food
 
Key Decarbonising 
faster than 
the UK 
Decarbonising 
in line with 
the UK 
Our progress updates in the sector transition plans 
include our latest view of the emissions intensity reductions 
progress to date in our portfolios, as well as the risks and 
dependencies that could affect our ability to meet the 2030 
sector target positions. 
For further details please see the sector updates within the 
transition plans. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Transition 
plan by 
system 
Our focus remains on four key systems where we believe we can leverage 
our scale and reach in the market and the financial services and products 
we offer to support the transition to net zero. 
Our systems 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  84 
Energy transition 
See page 86 
Greening the built 
environment 
See page 91 
Low carbon 
transport 
See page 100 
Sustainable farming 
and food 
See page 107

[page 86]
In 2024, COP16 focused on 
implementation, where a major theme 
was on mobilising resources and aligning 
financial flows to meet the goals and 
targets of the Global Biodiversity 
Framework (GBF) and in 2025 parties to 
the Convention on Biological Diversity 
(CBD) revised and updated National 
Biodiversity Strategies and Action Plans 
(NBSAPs) to align with the GBF. 
In 2025, we worked with UNEP-WCMC and others to 
advocate for policymakers to use this opportunity to include 
considerations related to the private finance sector within 
biodiversity policies and associated activity. Through 
engaging with and leveraging the insights and expertise of 
financial institutions, governments can ensure that their 
national responses to the GBF, including the UK’s, are 
financially viable and that they can support financial 
institutions to provide capital in support of NBSAPs. 
This in turn allows financial institutions to consider their 
role in national and sector level nature financing needs, 
aligning financial flows with nature protection and 
restoration as part of public-private collaboration in 
support of national goals. 
In response we have continued to understand and act 
on nature-related risks and opportunities in line with the 
Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD). 
Our refreshed 2025 nature materiality assessment using the 
Exploring Natural Capital Opportunities, Risk and Exposure 
(ENCORE) tool and underlying data has continued to support 
the prioritisation of Agriculture and Commercial & Residential 
Real Estate (C&RRE) as the areas that could present the most 
material nature-related risks and opportunities. 
For these priority sectors, and our own operations 
(page 68), 
we partnered with Earth Blox, a geospatial data and analysis 
platform, to produce a TNFD LEAP-aligned Proof of Concept 
that allows us to understand how our clients interact with the 
natural environment, and how their activities both impact and 
depend on nature. Due to the importance of understanding the 
nature-related impacts and dependencies, we mapped over 
70,000 C&RRE securities and over 10,000 agricultural clients; 
for our agricultural clients, the totality of mapped clients 
covered almost one third of UK farmland. 
By combining geospatial and environmental data, we 
have been able to understand where our clients and own 
operations interface with sensitive locations. We have 
carried out this assessment in line with the TNFD definition 
of sensitive locations, considering: 
• Areas important for biodiversity, including species; and/or 
• Areas of high ecosystem integrity; and/or 
• Areas of rapid decline in ecosystem integrity; and/or 
•
 Areas of high physical water risks; and/or 
• Areas of importance for ecosystem service provision, 
including benefits to Indigenous Peoples, Local 
Communities and stakeholders 
We’ve been able to track pressures like water demand 
and fertiliser use that impact the ability of nature to deliver 
ecosystem services, whilst simultaneously growing our 
understanding of the extent to which our clients rely on 
these services, such as protection from extreme weather 
events like storms and flooding, pollination services, and 
the supply of clean water. 
In addition to this, we have also piloted a framework that 
considers the nature-related impacts and dependencies of 
that climate levers and guardrails that support us to meet 
our climate targets for C&RRE 
(page 96) and Agriculture 
(page 109). 
This framework was designed to explore synergies and trade-
offs between climate mitigation and nature impacts and 
dependencies, and to develop a core set of nature-related 
actions to mitigate any identified synergies or trade-offs. 
As part of our transition planning, these nature-related 
actions are now being considered as our system strategies 
continue to evolve and as we continue to understand the 
climate-nature nexus more broadly. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  85 
Supporting 
nature 
2025 Nature Materiality Assessment1,2,3 
Key4
Greening the built environment 
Energy transition 
Low carbon transport 
Sustainable food and farming 
Cross system 
1 Size of bubble corresponds to lending as of 31 December 2025, see page 77. There are minor adjustments between financial figures reported on page 77 and those used in the Materiality Assessment, for example the separation of real estate and social 
housing, to recognise differing impacts and dependencies of the specific activities we lend to. Refer to page 77 for the breakdown of our lending portfolio, as bubble sizes cannot be used for accurate calculation of total lending. 
2 The axis l
abels from “Low” to “Very High” represent relative positions for ease of interpretation. Underlying scores are scaled using a logarithmic function, so intervals are not linear. 
3 ENCORE knowledge base, the basis of this assessment, considers pressures; a single pressure may lead to multiple impacts (changes in the state of nature, which can impact the capacity of nature to provide social and economic benefits). We’ve referred 
to the axis as impacts as this is commonly understood terminology. 
4 Whilst all lending activity was considered within our Nature Materiality Assessment, aggregated ENCORE pressures and dependencies are displayed for our most material sectors aligned with our four key systems. 
Utilities 
General manufacturing 
Industrial transport 
Housebuilders 
Passenger transport 
Automotive 
Real estate 
Oil & gas 
Other 
construction 
Agriculture 
Food manufacturing 
and wholesalers

[page 87]
System summary 
UK emissions1,2 
19.2% 
Bank financed emissions3
1.6% 
UK energy 
supply emissions 
Bank financed 
emissions 
Opportunity 
£140 billion in finance is required from 2020-2030 
to achieve net zero in this system in the UK4,5 
Associated sector targets 
• Oil and gas • Power • Thermal coal 
Associated UK CCC 2024 progress indicators 
• Solar operational capacity 
• Offshore and onshore wind operational capacity 
• Unabatable gas share of generation 
• Electricity use in industry share of total energy use 
System focus 
The energy transition system addresses the supply, generation, 
transmission, distribution and use of liquid, gas or electrical 
energy sources throughout society, emphasising the shift from 
high carbon sources towards a lower carbon integrated system. 
The energy transition offers a key commercial opportunity. 
The UK government’s Clean Power 2030 Action Plan
6 sets 
the target for 95% of the UK’s electricity generation to come 
from low-carbon sources by 2030. This requires an estimated 
£40 billion annual investment, with a strong role for private 
finance where supported by public policy and funding. 
This energy transition enables the decarbonisation of other 
systems and sectors such as the electrification of passenger 
transport or domestic heating, backed by flexible generation 
and storage technologies including EVs, batteries and pumped 
hydro. The energy transition also supports energy security 
through the reduction of reliance on imported fossil fuels. 
Protecting jobs and communities is critical, given the sector’s 
employment footprint. This will require large-scale re-skilling, 
targeted regional investment, and clear policy signals to 
maintain confidence and attract private capital. 
Strongly aligned with our wider purpose pillars, the energy 
transition offers opportunities for regional growth across 
the UK such as through planned Carbon Capture, Utilisation 
& Storage (CCUS) and hydrogen clusters in historically 
industrial areas, including the repurposing of existing 
infrastructure for carbon capture and hydrogen, in turn 
supporting growth. 
More broadly the UK’s energy transition could support 
an estimated 400,000 extra jobs nationally by 2030
7. 
The North East Combined Authority aims to create 
25,000 clean energy jobs by 2035, see page 43 for details 
of our involvement. 
£140bn 
required by 2030 to achieve net zero 
in the UK energy transition 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  86 
Energy 
transition 
Key Significantly off track On track 
Slightly off track Too early to say 
Current areas of focus 
Value chain segment System interactions Changes needed 
Energy 
production
1 Sourced from Department for Energy Security and Net Zero – 2023 UK 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
2 UK emissions from 2023 for energy supply were 74.0MtCO2e. Total UK 
emissions from 2023, including energy supply were 385.0MtCO2e for the 
entire UK. 
3 Total Bank financed emissions are 18.6 MtCO2e for 2024. 
4 Emissions for the Energy transition system relate to UK energy supply 
emissions including emissions from power generation and fuel supply. 
Total UK energy supply emissions are equal to the sum of UK energy 
supply emissions across all systems. 
5 Estimated figures for 2020–2030, accurate at the time of publication 
of the CCC Sixth Carbon Budget. 
• Renewably powered electricity generation including 
decentralised systems 
• Nuclear energy and other non-intermittent electricity generation 
• Hydrogen infrastructure, alternative fuels, carbon capture 
and storage 
Transmission 
and 
distribution 
• Smart and flexible energy grid to balance intermittency 
supplemented with increased energy storage and built in future 
capacity (pumped storage, batteries, including vehicle batteries, 
renewable hydrogen) 
• Low carbon heat networks 
Customer 
end-use
• A reduction in energy demand across buildings, transport 
and manufacturing 
• Access to affordable energy (electricity, heat) 
Systems Key Energy transition Low carbon transport 
Greening the built environment Sustainable farming and food 
Key dependencies 
Planning and grid connection constraints which can limit 
the speed of deployment for required technologies. 
Supply chain constraint and skills shortages slowing 
manufacture and construction of technologies. 
Bankability and scalability of newer technologies 
resulting from nascent business models, revenue 
streams and uptake. 
6 Clean Power 2030 Action Plan 
7 Clean energy jobs boom to bring thousands of new jobs  

[page 88]
SDG 7.1 
By 2030, ensure universal access 
to affordable, reliable and modern 
energy services. 
SDG 9.4 
By 2030, upgrade infrastructure 
and retrofit industries to make 
them sustainable, with increased 
resource-use efficiency and 
greater adoption of clean 
and environmentally sound 
technologies and industrial 
processes, with all countries taking 
action in accordance with their 
respective capabilities. 
Link to strategy 
Energy Supply Financing Ratio (ESFR) 
As part of our commitment to supporting the transition, 
we are assessing new ways to measure the impact of our 
financing decisions and recognise the need for transparent 
and credible metrics that demonstrate how our financing 
decisions influence the global energy transition. While 
traditional financed emissions targets remain essential, 
they do not fully capture the directional flow of capital 
towards low-carbon solutions. 
To address this, we are exploring the introduction of an ESFR 
as a measure of the ratio of financing we provide for low-
carbon energy supply compared to fossil fuel energy supply. 
This metric will provide the Group with a clear view of how 
our lending and investment activities are shifting to enable 
the transition to a resilient, low-carbon economy and will 
complement our sectoral decarbonisation targets, helping 
us to monitor progress against our transition plan. 
The ratio will be piloted alongside our existing financed 
emissions metrics, with the aim of integrating it into our 
public disclosures in future reporting cycles. By introducing 
the ESFR, we aim to provide a more holistic picture of our 
role in supporting and financing the energy transition – 
moving beyond emissions accounting to focus on the flow 
of finance that shapes the future energy system. 
2026 look ahead system actions 
The Group recognises the significant opportunity 
presented by the UK government’s Clean Power 2030 
ambitions, and has undertaken extensive analysis of the 
modelled potential growth of key renewable and low-
carbon technologies to enable a decarbonised power 
system across the UK. Leveraging this analysis, we are 
aligning current and future growth strategies in order 
to continue playing a leadership role in this transition. 
The energy transition is a strategic priority for our 
clients, society and government. We recognise that 
achieving these ambitious plans will require the 
alignment of private finance with public frameworks. 
Our strong franchise and proven track record position 
us well to lead in the UK and to explore opportunities 
in other markets. While most growth in the energy 
transition will come from proven technologies, 
delivered through our existing client base, we also 
acknowledge the need for additional solutions, 
technologies and businesses to meet future demands. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  87 
Purpose in action 
Statera 
CarrEx 
In 2025, Lloyds Bank acted as Sole Structuring Bank 
and Mandated Lead Arranger, successfully closing 
a £235 million greenfield portfolio financing for 
one of the UK’s largest Battery Energy Storage 
System (BESS) projects. The financing supports 
the construction of the Carrington BESS plant 
(680MW/1,360MWh) in Greater Manchester.
The project developer, Statera 
Energy, builds, owns and operates 
storage and flexible generation 
technologies, providing clean and 
secure energy. Statera is wholly 
owned by the global infrastructure 
investor, EQT Infrastructure. With 
over 2GW of capacity already 
delivered or under construction, 
this transaction strengthens Statera’s 
role in addressing the UK’s energy 
‘trilemma’ – delivering lower costs, 
greater security, and a cleaner 
power system. 
By enabling large-scale battery 
storage, it accelerates the UK’s Net 
Zero transition, supports renewable 
integration, and ensures grid stability. 
The project will deliver the flexible 
capacity needed to balance supply 
and demand, and maintain reliable 
electricity for homes and businesses. 
A clear example of the Group Helping 
Britain Prosper. 

[page 89]
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 
Absolute emissions (MtCO2e) 
8 
7
 
6
 
5
 
4
 
3
 
2 
1 
0 
Oil and gas absolute emissions reduction 2019 to 20302
Reference pathway Actual 2030 target 
Achievement of target pathways is contingent on market 
developm
ents, policy shifts and dependency assumptions. Please 
see the Risks and dependencies section. 
The oil and gas sector plays 
an important role in providing 
energy security to the UK and 
its decarbonisation is critical to 
limiting global warming to 1.5ºC. 
Target 
50% 
oil and gas absolute emissions reduction 
(MtCO2e) between 2019 and 2030 
Target to reduce absolute drawn financed emissions (scope 
1, 2 and 3) by 50% by 2030 from a baseline of 7.2MtCO2e in 
2019 to 3.6MtCO2e in 2030, based on the IEA NZE scenario1. 
In our oil and gas portfolio, we originally set a target to 
reduce absolute emissions by 50% by 2030 to 3.9MtCO
2e 
from a baseline of 6.4MtCO2e in 2019. The 2019 portfolio 
baseline has been restated to 7.2MtCO2e primarily due 
to correction of manual errors for two clients, as well as 
updates and improvements to our processes. 
1 The International Energy Agency Net Zero Emissions 2050 (IEA NZE 2050) 
as defined i
n our sustainability metrics basis of reporting which is available 
in our sustainabil
ity downloads 
Progress update 
At year-end 2024 we had reduced financed emissions 
by 78% from the 2019 baseline of 7.2MtCO2e, reaching 
1.6MtCO2e, driven by both a reduction in drawn balances 
and a reduction in reported client emissions. 
Taking into account energy security, geopolitical factors and 
just transition considerations, we continue to strategically 
review our portfolio composition to ensure alignment with 
net zero objectives and our commitment to Helping Britain 
Prosper, while also supporting other strategic portfolios 
such as those in the US. 
2 For our absolute targets we display the forward looking year-on-year reduction 
required from the Scenario Pathway as our Reference Pathway, as the scale 
required for the country or global level Scenario Pathway would make our 
reference pathway unreadable. 
Risks and dependencies 
Energy security remains a critical dependency, particularly 
amid ongoing heightened geopolitical risks and global supply 
chain pressures. As the UK transitions, we will continue to 
need to consume oil and gas for some time. According to the 
National Energy System Operator’s Future Energy Scenarios 
2025 gas will feature in the energy mix until at least 2040 
and beyond. Whilst oil is no longer part of the UK’s energy 
mix, it plays a major role in the UK’s overall energy system, 
particularly in transport as well as the wider economy. 
Declining domestic production may result in increased 
reliance on imports, exposing the UK to global price 
uncertainty and security risks combined with geopolitical 
risks and supply disruptions. 
Ongoing concern in the UK over the cost of living also 
presents risks to net zero delivery. Considerable focus 
remains on household and business energy affordability. 
Higher and/or more volatile bills could result in an erosion 
of support for transition policies thus slowing deployment 
of the very technologies (renewables, networks, flexibility) 
that reduce costs over time. 
Maintaining enough secure, affordable domestic supply 
during a managed decline and just transition is therefore 
a core dependency for a smooth net-zero pathway. 
The UK government’s strategy prioritises accelerating 
investment in clean energy technologies while reducing 
reliance on imported fossil fuels, and is underpinned by 
policy such as the Clean Power 2030 Action Plan. Our focus 
is on supporting clients to adopt an increasing proportion 
of non-hydrocarbon-based power generation and lower 
the carbon intensity of their operations, including enabling 
access to finance for renewable and transition projects 
and clean technology. 
Our actions 
As part of our commitment to supporting the transition to 
a low-carbon economy, this year we continued our in-depth 
review and consideration of clients’ transition-related 
targets, commitments and progress. For more information 
on our CTP process see 
pages 82 to 83. 
The latest IEA NZE 2050 scenario in the 2025 World Energy 
Outlook focuses on upstream investments to maintain 
production from existing fields, as in the absence of such 
investment their natural decline rates would exceed the 
rate of decline of fossil fuel demand in the scenario. In 2025 
we have maintained our approach not to finance new 
greenfield oil and gas developments, while supporting 
activities within existing assets. Further information on our 
sector-specific criteria for managing environmental and 
social related risks within this sector can be found in our 
External Sector Statements
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  88 
Oil and gas

[page 90]
Companies in the power sector 
generate electricity from fossil fuels, 
nuclear or renewable sources. 
Scaling up low-carbon electricity generation remains 
essential to support the transition of other sectors, such 
as the electrification of heating and transport. In 2024, wind 
became the UK’s largest source of electricity generation for 
the first time, accounting for 30%. Renewables supplied over 
50% of Britain’s electricity for four consecutive quarters, 
a trend that continued into 2025
1.
Target 
81% 
power emissions intensity reduction 
(gCO2e/kWh) between 2020 and 2030 
We have set a target to reduce emissions intensity of the 
power generation portfolio (scope 1 and 2) by 81% by 2030 
from a baseline of 264gCO
2e/kWh in 2020 to 51gCO2e/kWh 
by 2030, based on the IEA NZE scenario. The 2020 portfolio 
baseline has been restated from 276gCO
2e/kWh to 
264gCO2e/kWh. 
1. UK renewable energy statistics 
2. European green deal 
Progress update 
At year-end 2024, we have reduced the emissions intensity 
of our power portfolio by 98% from the 2020 baseline 
of 264gCO
2e/kWh, reaching 6gCO2e/kWh. The decrease 
in intensity between 2020 and 2024 is driven by reduction 
in exposure to higher intensity projects or clients coupled 
with significantly increased lending to renewable projects. 
Risks and dependencies 
Government policy remains a critical driver of the UK and 
Europe’s energy transition, shaping investment decisions and 
client strategies. In the UK, the Clean Power 2030 Action 
Plan sets the target to deliver 95% of electricity generation 
from low-carbon sources by 2030, supported by investment 
in offshore and onshore wind, solar and nuclear. 
Across Europe, the European Green Deal continues to drive 
climate neutrality by 2050, with new binding targets to cut 
emissions by 90% by 2040, compared to the 1990 baseline
2. 
We expect that this will help to prioritise renewable 
deployment and clean technology investment, while 
addressing affordability and resilience concerns. 
Energy security remains a priority alongside decarbonisation, 
but delivery risks are important. Competition for projects, 
supply chain constraints, rising costs of critical minerals and 
components, shortages of skilled labour, and delays in grid 
upgrades and connections all pose challenges. These risks 
underscore the need for coordinated policy, strong industry 
collaboration, and investment in enabling infrastructure to 
secure resilience and accelerate the transition. 
While these ambitions reflect the UK and European context, 
progress in other regions, such as the US, may differ due to 
variations in policy frameworks and regulatory timelines. 
Our actions 
As part of our commitment to supporting the transition to 
a low-carbon economy, this year we continued our in-depth 
review and consideration of each client’s transition-related 
targets, commitments and progress. For more information 
on our CTP process see 
pages 82 to 83. 
This year, we partnered with the Office for Investment 
and the North East Mayor to launch a strategic initiative 
to scale up green energy investment in North East England, 
supporting the £160 million UK government-backed North 
East I
nvestment Zone for offshore wind, renewables and EVs. 
We continue to increase investment in renewables and the 
energy transition, aiming to lead in financing decarbonisation 
across solar, carbon capture, nuclear, wind, and other low-
carbon technologies. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  89 
Power 
Physical intensity (gCO2e/kWh) 
350 
300 
250 
200 
150 
100 
50 
0 
Power emissions intensity reduction 2020 to 2030 
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030
Reference pathway Actual 
Scenario pathway 2030 target 
Achievement of target pathways is contingent on market 
developm
ents, policy shifts and dependency assumptions. Please 
see the Risks and dependencies section.

[page 91]
We recognise the urgent need for the 
global transition away from thermal 
coal to renewable energy sources. 
Keeping the Paris Agreement alive 
means that the use of unabated coal 
power must be phased out. 
The UK government’s definition of ‘unabated coal’ power 
generation refers to when technologies, such as carbon capture 
and storage, which can mitigate emissions from coal, are not 
in use. In November 2021, we joined the Powering Past Coal 
Alliance (PPCA), a coalition of national and sub-national 
governments, businesses and organisations working to advance 
the transition from unabated coal power generation to clean 
energy. Our direct lending activity complies with the PPCA 
principles and we have committed to a full exit by 2030 from 
all diversified energy entities that generate energy from thermal 
coal and diversified mining entities that operate thermal coal 
facilities. We do not provide insurance for the power industry 
and we do not have policies in place for advisory services or 
underwriting activity that cover PPCA-related activity. 
We may provide finance to entities towards reducing their 
thermal coal portfolio (including decommissioning facilities or 
retrofitting of existing facilities to help them transition away 
from thermal coal), in line with our 2030 phase-out timelines 
noted above. However, we will not directly finance retrofit 
activities that prolong the life of existing thermal coal facilities. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  90 
SDG 9.b 
Support domestic technology 
development, research and 
innovation in developing countries, 
including by ensuring a conducive 
policy environment for, inter alia, 
industrial diversification and value 
addition to commodities. 
We are proud to have provided 
a £633 million debt commitment 
towards Sizewell C, a new nuclear 
power station in Suffolk. Our support 
forms part of a ~£38 billion public-
private financing package for the 
construction of the nuclear plant. 
Once operational, Sizewell C will 
provide around 7% of the UK’s 
electricity, powering 6 million homes 
for more than 60 years. 
During construction, this project 
is expected to support on average 
8,800 jobs per annum and create 
1,500 apprenticeships and is 
committed to investing £4.4 billion 
in the East of England. 
Lloyds Bank’s debt commitments 
and multiple roles demonstrate its 
ability to deliver complex, large-scale 
infrastructure financing, acting as a 
trusted partner for clients navigating 
the energy transition. 
SDG 17.17 
Encourage and promote effective 
public, public-private and civil 
society partnerships, building on 
the experience and resourcing 
strategies of partnerships. 
Link to strategy 
Purpose in action 
Sizewell C 
As the UK transitions to a low-carbon economy, 
securing reliable energy sources is critical. With five of 
six existing nuclear plants scheduled to retire by 2030, 
new nuclear capacity is essential to strengthen energy 
security, achieve net zero by 2050, and complement 
renewable generation. 
Thermal coal 
Target 
Full exit 
by 2030 from all diversified energy entities that 
generate energy from thermal coal and diversified 
mining entities that operate thermal coal facilities.

[page 92]
UK emissions1,2 
16.7% 8.4% 
Bank financed emissions3
26.3% 
UK sector 
emissions 
UK energy 
supply emissions 
Bank financed 
emissions 
System summary 
Opportunity 
£109 billion in finance is required from 2020-2030 
to achieve net zero in this system in the UK4
Associated sector targets 
• Homes • Commercial & Residential Real Estate 
Associated UK CCC 2024 progress indicators 
• Number of heat pumps installed 
• Ratio of residential electricity to gas prices 
• Proportion of homes with insulated cavity walls 
System focus 
The built environment is a material and complex system that 
includes residential owner-occupied, buy-to-let landlords, 
house builders, social housing and commercial real estate 
clients that have both residential and non-residential 
properties in their portfolio. 
We aim to accelerate our financed participation in the 
construction, retrofit and operation of the UK’s residential 
and commercial buildings towards net zero. At the same 
time we will focus on the physical impacts of climate change 
with 6.3 million properties across England at risk of flooding 
– a number expected to increase to 8 million by 2050
1. 
80% of the domestic buildings that will exist in 2050 
already in existence, with estimates placing the investment 
requirements for housing alone at £250 billion by 2050
2. 
Retrofit is therefore a primary focus. 
Another key area of focus concerns energy-efficient new 
builds, which offer lower emissions and are increasingly 
impacted by Biodiversity Net Gain requirements, providing 
the opportunity to enhance nature outcomes both within 
and beyond developments’ boundaries. 
Poor housing conditions caused by cold, damp and poorly 
ventilated homes currently cost the NHS around £1 billion 
annually
3 to treat respiratory, cardiovascular and mental 
health issues. 
Retrofitting homes with insulation, efficient heating and proper 
ventilation can reduce these risks substantially. 
We are working with clients and industry partners to support 
the delivery of thermally efficient buildings that offer lower 
energy use and associated costs and to address associated 
skills shortages. We are also responding to the demand from 
customers, both owner occupiers and property landlords, for 
solar and battery solutions. This delivers on our broader purpose 
pillar of empowering a prosperous future, supporting regional 
development and access to quality and affordable housing. 
1 National assessment of flood and coastal erosion risk in England 2024 
2 The Sixth Carbon Budget The UK’s path to Net Zero 
3 New Bradford study investigates the impact of energy efficiency retrofits on indoor air 
quality, health, and the environment 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Current areas of focus 
Value chain segment System interactions Changes needed 
Planning, 
design & 
commissioning 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  91 
• Design for efficient construction, easy repairability and end-of-life 
disposal or re-use 
• Adequate environmental considerations are designed in, including 
nature and adaptation and resilience measures 
Construction • Use of non-fossil fuel powered vehicles, machinery, energy 
generation and equipment 
• Adequately skilled and sized workforce to meet construction 
methods, standards and needs 
• Avoid pollution of the environment and habitat destruction 
from construction processes and equipment 
Operation & 
maintenance
• Building optimisation, repairs and occupant behaviour change 
to maximise building life 
• Maintenance of onsite biodiversity and natural spaces 
• Solutions to address and reduce climate related damage 
(e.g. Nature Based Solutions) 
Re-use & 
refurbishment
• Deployment of energy and water efficiency measures as part 
of domestic and commercial refurbishments 
• Displacement of gas boilers and heating with renewable 
or electrical alternatives 
• Recycling of waste on and offsite 
Occupancy • Overall reduction in waste generated e.g. municipal 
• Increase in recycling rates 
• Occupant behaviour to maximise energy efficiency, minimise 
water usage/wastage and minimise impact on nature 
• Energy demand response mechanisms 
Systems Key Energy transition Low carbon transport 
Greening the built environment Sustainable farming and food 
Greening 
the built 
environment 
Key Significantly off track On track 
Too early to say Slightly off track 
Key dependencies 
Delinking of electricity pricing from gas to support 
the economics of moving to electrical heating 
solutions such as heat pumps. 
Supply chain and skilled workforce impacting 
the potential speed of installation/maintenance 
of energy efficiency solutions and technologies. 
Energy efficiency standards and measures applicable 
to new
 and existing residential and non-residential 
buildings to ensure lower long-term carbon lock-in. 
Policy 
and incentives to support uptake of energy 
efficiency measures and low carbon technology 
in new and existing buildings.
1 Sourced from Department for Energy Security and Net Zero – 2023 UK 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
2 UK emissions from 2023 for energy supply were 96.6MtCO2e. Total UK 
emissions from 2023, including energy supply were 385.0MtCO2e for the 
entire UK. 
3 Total Bank financed emissions are 18.6 MtCO2e for 2024. 
4 Estimated figures for 2020–2030, accurate at the time of publication 
of the CCC Sixth Carbon Budget. 

[page 93]
Integrating nature 
Our nature materiality assessment, refreshed in 2025, 
highlighted the built environment as one of our most material 
areas based on its significant potential dependencies, impacts 
on nature and financial exposure (see 
page 85). 
Focusing on our Commercial & Residential Real Estate 
(C&RRE) portfolio, our proof of concept analysis with Earth 
Blox 
(cloud-based software that supports monitoring of 
climate and nature risks) helped us understand how our 
clients interact with nature, including which properties may 
encounter elevated nature-related risks and opportunities 
due to proximity to sensitive geographies. For example, 
over 40% of properties in scope for this proof of concept 
analysis are located within or near to protected areas, and 
approximately 5% of sites are located at the intersection 
of high physical water risk (water availability, water quality 
and flood risk). The risks and opportunities associated with 
these properties will vary as a result of differing impacts and 
dependencies, meaning a more detailed investigation and 
analysis may be needed to determine the most effective 
response. This could include the opportunity to support 
the management and enhancement of protected areas. 
The most material direct impacts of our C&RRE portfolio, 
and across the built environment system, are associated 
with the construction of properties, which include land 
use change, potential pollution of soils and water, and high 
resource use. In recognition of the nature-related impacts 
and dependencies associated with these construction 
activities, we integrated considerations of nature within 
our ESG Tool for our Real Estate and Housing Development 
clients (see 
page 128). 
Through considering the nature-related impacts and 
dependencies of our climate levers and guardrails (see 
page 
85), we identified impacts on nature from the installation 
of new technology and efficiency improvements. These could 
include lifecycle effects on the environment from home 
storage batteries, materials used for insulation, renewable 
energy and heating-related activities. To help address these, 
we developed a view of priority nature actions to consider 
moving forward, with the aim of reducing associated impacts 
and moving towards a pathway that supports both net zero 
and nature recovery. 
2026 look ahead system actions 
In 2026, we’ll build on the lessons learned in 2025 to 
deepen our understanding of homeowners’ evolving 
needs and remove barriers to the housing transition. 
Our priority is to make the benefits clear and tangible 
by improving access to existing initiatives and 
introducing new ways to encourage and incentivise 
action. We’ll focus on raising awareness, simplifying 
solutions, and tailoring our approach so it resonates 
and drives meaningful change. 
The Commercial and Residential Real Estate sector 
remains exposed to the pace and ambition of UK 
policy. Key policy enablers, such as reducing the price 
of electricity, and implementing the Minimum Energy 
Efficiency Standards (MEES) for the private rented, 
social housing and commercially rented properties are 
needed to support adoption. We continue to unlock 
the economic case for customers by helping them 
navigate the complexity of retrofit, whilst expanding 
financial solutions for retrofit that build upon existing 
sustainable finance and investment offerings. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Our priority actions 
Priority actions Progress in 2025 
Enhance our data capability across the built 
environment, supporting activity across commercial 
and residential properties and infrastructure, and 
supporting buildings within our agriculture system. 
This will enable a more detailed understanding of 
risks and impacts across the system to target actions 
more effectively. 
• Lloyds Living established an internal carbon intensity reduction 
target and have undertaken scenario modelling to better 
understand the impact of various levers available to achieve 
the target 
Identifying new finance models to support customers 
and make retrofit more affordable over the long 
term, learning from and building on our existing 
propositions and wider industry activity. 
• Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB) launched a Real Estate 
Transition Linked Loan (RE:TLL) sustainable finance proposition – 
designed for clients in the real estate sector 
• Within Business and Commercial Banking we have expanded 
our Buildings Transition Loan with new financing options for 
EPC C to G rated properties – broadening access to funding 
to drive sustainable improvements 
• Retail have paid over £3 million to over 3,000 customers in 2025 
who have installed energy efficiency measures in their homes, 
as part of our Green Living Reward proposition 
Providing customer awareness and education to 
explore and understand the available options for 
making their properties more energy efficient. 
• CIB have delivered a thought leadership report ‘Intelligent 
Measured Data. Smarter Retrofit. Better Outcomes’ to provide 
useful insight for our social housing clients about how new 
technology can support effective decision making in developing 
retrofit programmes 
• 55,000 Retail customers have created a Home Energy Action Plan 
through our Home Energy Savings Tool to identify how they can 
make their home more energy efficient in 2025 
Encouraging the development of a policy framework 
and standards to facilitate retrofit at scale. 
• We have continued executive membership and participation in 
NextGeneration standards and Sustainability Reporting Standards 
(SRS), which includes supporting the development of practical 
guidance for housing associations and supporting the transition 
of SRS data services to Housemark to ensure ESG disclosures 
are consistently measured and transparently communicated 
• As an organisational programme partner of the UKGBC, 
we collaborate on key programmes such as advancing net zero 
and resilience and nature 
Unlocking skills through our participation in industry-
leading skills and diversity initiatives. 
• Our partnership with Regeneration Brainery continues to help 
tackle the skills and diversity challenges facing the property 
industry. We have continued to champion this work and have 
colleague representation on their newly established advisory 
board to support the further expansion of the programme 
• Our partnership with Real Estate Balance has continued in 2025 
in response to our clients expressing a need for more information 
on how to address equity, diversity and inclusion in UK real estate 
and its associated sectors
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  92 

[page 94]
To achieve the UK’s commitment 
to net zero by 2050, decarbonising 
buildings is key. 
Housing contributes c.19% of the UK’s carbon emissions, 
highlighting a critical need to improve the energy efficiency 
of our housing stock. The UK faces a sizeable challenge in 
updating some of the least energy-efficient housing stock 
in Europe. Whilst we are seeing measurable progress vs our 
target, witnessing acceleration in green technologies and 
stronger industry collaboration, challenges remain in terms 
of rate of adoption of retrofit measures and strength of 
policy to drive UK transition. 
To accelerate progress the role of partnerships is critical – 
working alongside government, other lenders and industry 
leaders. Together, we can educate and empower customers, 
shape supportive policy frameworks, and expand access to 
affordable green finance – creating an environment where 
customers can confidently and effectively improve the 
energy efficiency of their homes. 
The target has been restated in line with the CCC Seventh 
Carbon Budget as outlined on 
page 64. We have set an 
intensity-based target for our UK residential mortgage 
portfolio to reduce our financed emissions intensity (scope 1 
and 2) by 35% (from a 2020 baseline), from 46kgCO
2e/m2 
to 30kgCO2e/m2 by 2030. 
Target 
35% 
UK residential mortgages emissions 
intensity reduction (kgCO2e/m2) 
between 2020 and 2030 
Progress update 
In 2024, the financed emissions intensity of our mortgage 
portfolio has reduced by c.3% compared to 2023, bringing 
the overall reduction observed between 2020 and 2024 
to 11%. This fell short of our reference pathway expectation 
by 2.0%, reflecting recognised limitations in Energy 
Performance Certificate data, which exclude recent 
demand-side reductions linked to increased energy prices 
and warmer winters that have been observed in real world 
data. These impacts cannot be reliably captured without 
live emissions data, access to which remains constrained. 
We continue to work on solutions to allow us to incorporate 
these impacts into our emissions calculations. 
It’s important to note that the decarbonisation of the mortgage 
portfolio is in line with the CCC Balanced Net Zero Pathway 
scenario and remains heavily reliant on significant external 
changes and policy intervention. Factoring in a number of 
dependencies and externalities, we anticipate achieving a 
slower rate of reduction than the CCC’s pathways scenario. 
The externalities we’ve considered include: 1) delays to the 
pace of grid decarbonisation, 2) volatility of energy prices, 3) 
reduced consumer confidence leading to slower uptake of 
decarbonisation solutions, and 4) a continued contraction/
slower build rate in the new build market. 
Risks and dependencies 
We are committed to reducing financed emissions intensity 
by 35% by 2030, benchmarking our UK residential mortgage 
portfolio against the CCC’s Seventh Carbon Budget. 
We have identified key dependencies and risks, driven by 
the significant future abatement needed to meet the UK’s 
broader net zero goals. Limited confidence in current policies 
continues to hinder progress and actions to deliver the 
housing transition at the pace required by the CCC, leading 
to ongoing divergence from our targeted pathway. Our key 
dependencies and risks include: 
Decarbonisation of the electricity grid, the largest 
expected contributor to UK’s housing emission 
reduction by 2030 
• Grid decarbonisation remains a critical dependency 
to reducing emissions from housing. The timeline for the 
upgrade of the transmission and distribution network 
needed between now and 2030 is ambitious, meaning 
there are particular sensitivities to delays. Geopolitical 
tensions could lead to price volatility and disrupt the 
wider rollout of renewable energy and decarbonisation 
• UK marginal electricity emissions factor data has not been 
updated since 2023, adding uncertainty to grid related 
abatement estimates 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  93 
Homes 
Physical intensity (kgCO2e/m2)
60 
50 
40 
30 
20 
10 
0 
UK mortgages financed emissions intensity reduction 
2020 to 2030 
Reference pathway Actual 
Scenario pathway 2030 target 
Achievement of target pathways is contingent on market 
developments, policy shifts and dependency assumptions. Please 
see the Risks and dependencies section. 
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030

[page 95]
Clarity and incentives from government 
• Over the past year, there has been increased government 
attention to housing transition policy, including 
consultations on Minimum Energy Efficiency Standards 
for the Private Rented Sector and proposals to reform 
Energy Performance Certificates (EPCs). We are 
encouraged by the pace and the depth of government 
consultation, however commitment to policy 
implementation remains key 
• The CCC noted in their 2025 progress report that more is 
needed to accelerate heat pump rollout. While additional 
clarity has since been provided within the Carbon Budget 
and Growth Delivery Plan addressing some of the 
concerns raised, there remains significant uncertainty 
around the pace of rollout the identified policies will be 
able to deliver. In particular, both consumer confidence 
and levels of installer capacity remain key concerns 
Customer awareness 
• In the CCC report, two-way engagement has been 
identified as key to increasing public support for energy 
efficiency measures. Visible leadership is essential for 
public support for home retrofit 
• Homeowners continue to face barriers to making 
sustainable changes, such as high upfront costs, a lack of 
information and understanding of retrofit and uncertainty 
over what happens if something goes wrong. Customers 
also do not have confidence in the benefits of retrofitting, 
specifically that it will provide energy efficiency 
improvements and bill savings 
• Having consistent messaging from both government 
and industry to ensure that customers are aware of 
retrofit benefits, such as improved indoor air quality 
and efficiencies of heat pumps, will help unlock more 
action and retrofit at scale 
• EPCs do not reflect actual energy usage nor recent 
retrofits, given they are not routinely updated. This 
hinders our ability to track behaviour change – such as 
concerning energy demand and subsequent changes to 
emissions – and does not give customers visibility of the 
impact of retrofit, which in turn drives behaviour change 
Energy-efficient new build sector is contracting 
• We have continued to see a contraction in the delivery 
of new build properties, which is a key risk to supporting 
customers with high-quality sustainable housing 
• Uncertainty surrounding principles within the Future 
Homes Standard and delays to publication risks increasing 
the number of new builds that will need to be retrofitted, 
further increasing the size of the challenge to transition 
UK housing 
Our actions 
Progress in 2025 and look ahead to 2026 
Incentivising retrofit 
We are supporting customers of all EPCs to transition 
their homes through our Green Living Reward, which offers 
up to £2,000 cashback for eligible mortgage customers. 
In 2025 alone we have paid over £3 million to over 3,000 
customers who have installed energy efficiency measures 
in their homes. 
Bolder customer incentives 
This year we offered customers our largest financial discount 
yet of £1,250 off the cost of solar panels and batteries via 
our Effective Home partnership. We have installed more than 
four times the number of heat pumps via our partnership with 
Octopus Energy in 2025 compared to 2024, independent 
of our bold ‘heat pump on us’ offer, driving the adoption 
of low carbon heating. 
Sustainable financing 
In the first nine months of 2025 we have completed £5.3 billion 
of energy-efficient mortgage lending on EPC A and B properties, 
providing a £250 cashback incentive for residential customers 
and a 10bps discount for BTL customers. We have already 
surpassed our 2025 target, and we are on track to exceed our 
2025–2027 target of £11 billion. 
In December 2024, we introduced EPC-linked affordability 
in our mortgage offerings to better reflect energy bill costs 
in our affordability calculations. Within the first six months, 
over 28,000 mortgage applications were updated with more 
accurate energy cost assumptions. This has supported over 
1,000 customers to access a higher lending amount. 
Customer engagement and education 
Through our partnerships with Effective Home and Octopus 
Energy, we continue to support customers with finding 
trusted installers for retrofit and have introduced bolder 
customer incentives. 
Around 4,600 customers have created a Home Energy 
Action Plan through our Home Energy Savings Tool to 
identify how they can make their home more energy efficient 
in 2025. We have improved our tool to make it more 
intuitive and insightful for customers, so the tool is auto 
populated with more property data. We have also supported 
over 700 of our brokers via education webinars focusing on 
the importance of energy efficiency and upcoming regulatory 
changes, in partnership with the Energy Savings Trust. 
To enable us to better understand the home retrofit barriers 
that customers are facing, we have conducted in depth 
research with the University of Leeds and Behavioural 
Scientists, DecTech (see 
page 95). We are using these 
insights to develop propositions and partnerships to further 
enhance our support for customers to retrofit their homes. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  94


[page 96]
Buy-to-let 
2025 2024 
A/B. 8% A/B. 7% 
C. 41% C. 38% 
D. 40% D. 42% 
E. 10% E. 12% 
F/G. 1% F/G. 1% 
A/B. 
C. 
D. 
E. 
F/G. 
A/B. 
C. 
D. 
E. 
F/G. 
Total mortgage lending value of known EPCs 
For the EPC distribution by lending value for the mortgage book please see page 172 of the annual report and accounts 
The split between residential and buy-to-let mortgages is shown below for properties with known EPCs: 
Residential mortgages 
2025 2024 
A/B. 20% A/B. 19% 
C. 27% C. 25% 
D. 39% D. 38% 
E. 14% E. 13% 
F/G. 3% F/G. 3% 
A/B. 
C. 
D. 
E. 
F/G. 
A/B. 
C. 
D. 
E. 
F/G. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
£226.9bn £207.1bn 
£42.1bn £40.6bn 
Purpose in action 
Understanding retrofit 
behaviours: a consumer 
research initiative 
Retrofitting the UK’s homes will be essential 
to achieving net zero, but historically uptake has 
remained low due to high upfront costs, limited 
incentives and lack of public awareness. It is estimated 
that around £250 billion will be required in investment 
to support home retrofit by 2050. 
To help support this, we carried out 
targeted research with behavioural 
scientists and the University of Leeds 
to better understand homeowner and 
landlord engagement, attitudes and 
behaviours related to retrofit. Via online 
surveys and live behavioural experiments, 
we explored what drives action, and what 
gets in the way. 
Our research focused on three areas: 
1. Retrofit experience: Exploring the 
lived experiences of those who have 
already retrofitted their home, giving 
us insight into how we improve 
support, guidance, and financing. 
2. Segmentation profiling: Using 
machine learning, identifying different 
consumer groups and their motivations 
to help us tailor our products, 
messaging, and how we offer support. 
3. Triggers and barriers: We identified 
motivators and obstacles to retrofit, 
including the most opportune times 
customers are looking to act, which 
will inform how we shape 
interventions to drive uptake. 
We are utilising these insights to 
deepen our understanding of customers 
and shape our current and future 
propositions, products and partnerships 
to better support customer needs. Our 
aim is this will help unlock retrofit and 
decarbonisation for more UK homes, 
help us build on the success of the 
current propositions such as the Green 
Living Reward, and go beyond the 3,000 
customers we have paid over £3 million 
to in 2025 alone. This research will help 
unlock future key milestones, 
partnerships and propositions. 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  95 
SDG 7.1 
By 2030, ensure universal access 
to affordable, reliable and modern 
energy services. 
SDG 9.4 
By 2030, upgrade infrastructure and 
retrofit industries to make them 
sustainable, with increased resource-
use efficiency and greater adoption 
of clean and environmentally sound 
technologies and industrial 
processes, with all countries taking 
action in accordance with their 
respective capabilities. 
Link to strategy 

[page 97]
Lowering the carbon footprint of existing buildings remains 
a critical focus, driven by retrofitting to enhance energy 
efficiency and replacing fossil-fuel heating systems with low-
carbon alternatives. We are committed to accelerating the 
decarbonisation of commercial and residential real estate, 
where our drawn lending to this sector was £21.9 billion 
at the end of 2024. 
The C&RRE target has been restated in line with the CCC 
Seventh
 Carbon Budget as outlined on page 64. Based on 
our baseline portfolio composition, the target requires an 
average reduction in emissions intensity of 43% between 2021 
and 2030 i.e. reducing our 2021 emissions intensity from 
38kgCO
2e/m2 to 22kgCO2e/m2. The 2021 portfolio baseline 
and subsequent years have been restated. The portfolio 
baseline has moved from 39kgCO
2e/m2 to 38kgCO2e/m2, 
driven by improved matching and estimates of property types 
with different emission intensities. Factoring in a number of 
dependencies and externalities, we anticipate achieving a 
slower rate of reduction than the CCC’s pathways scenario. 
Progress update 
From 2021 to 2024 the emissions intensity of the C&RRE 
portfolio reduced by 12%, from 38kgCO
2e/m2 to 34kgCO2e/
m2 , falling short of required reference pathway reduction 
by 5.6%. The decrease from 2021 is driven by a slight shift 
towards social housing assets which have a lower emission 
intensity, grid decarbonisation and some improvement 
in EPC ratings in our commercial portfolio. Further annual 
emissions intensity percentage reduction will be required 
in the future (recognising reduction will not be linear) with 
the CCC BNZ pathway being heavily reliant on policy (e.g. 
minimum EPC standards) and low carbon heat adoption. 
Our 2030 outcome is influenced by the risks and 
dependencies outlined to the below, notably grid 
decarbonisation and ability to retrofit at scale. 
Risks and dependencies 
Decarbonising the commercial and residential real estate 
sector presents significant challenges, including multiple 
dependencies. Progress is closely tied to grid decarbonisation 
and the ability to scale retrofit solutions, including the 
adoption of low-carbon heating systems across existing 
building stock. Government policy will be pivotal, with 
measures such as the Future Homes Standard (FHS), 
reforms to EPC methodology, and Minimum Energy 
Efficiency Standards (MEES) for private, social and 
commercial rented sectors being critical to shaping the 
pace of change. The execution of the Warm Homes Plan, 
outlining retrofit strategies, public subsidy frameworks, 
and minimum EPC C requirement by 2030 for the private 
rented sector will also be critical. 
With 80% of today’s buildings expected to remain in use by 
2050
1, retrofitting is essential to achieving net zero. However, 
the economics remain challenging: the high cost of retrofits 
and the current imbalance between electricity and gas prices 
undermine the business case for decarbonising heat, even 
allowing for 2025 Budget measures. These financial barriers, 
combined with limited awareness and time, often lead to 
customer inertia. Furthermore, the shortage of skilled labour 
and resources to deliver both retrofit and new-build 
requirements adds complexity. Unlocking these barriers – 
through policy clarity, financial incentives and industry 
capacity – will be key to accelerating progress. 
1 The Sixth Carbon Budget The UK’s path to Net Zero 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  96 
C&RRE 
Physical intensity (kgCO2e/m2)
40 
35 
30 
25 
20 
15 
10 
5 
0 
C&RRE emissions intensity reduction 2021 to 2030 
Reference pathway Actual 
Target 
43% 
C&RRE emissions intensity reduction 
(kgCO2e/m2) between 2021 and 2030 
Scenario pathway 2030 target 
Achievement of target pathways is contingent on market 
develop
ments, policy shifts and dependency assumptions. Please 
see the Risks and dependencies section. 
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030

[page 98]
Our actions 
We continue to grow and improve financial products that 
support UK businesses to grow sustainably and transition 
to a low carbon economy, including our Green Commercial 
Mortgages, Building Transition Loans, Sustainability-Linked 
Loans, Clean Growth Financing Initiative (CGFI) and 
National Wealth Fund backed loans. 
In the final quarter of 2025 we launched our Real Estate: 
Transition Linked Loan product, and relaunched our 
Buildings Transition Loan, improving our lending transition 
structuring and enhancing support for the retrofitting of 
inefficient buildings. More detail about these products can 
be found opposite. Separately, the Green Buildings Tool 
continues to provide our clients with free-of-charge access 
to a digital insights calculator, through which over 2.4 billion 
square feet of real estate has been assessed since 2019. 
In Q3 2025, we launched our bespoke ESG Risk Assessment 
using our ESG tool for our residential developers and 
housebuilders within the Commercial Bank. The tool, 
which integrates NextGeneration criteria, enhances the 
requirements for our business clients to assess their climate 
transition and environmental risk, and capture their 
transition plans effectively. 
This year has seen the Group reinforce its commitment 
to tackling housing inequality by establishing a dedicated 
Social & Supported Housing team within its B
usiness and 
Commercial Banking business, embedding sustainability 
at the heart of its strategy to deliver safe, affordable 
and energy-efficient homes across the UK. See 
page 12 
for more on how we are supporting Access to Housing. 
Delivery of our thought leadership report ‘Intelligent 
Measured Data. Smarter Retrofit. Better Outcomes’ with 
outcomes derived from a pilot study sets out to provide 
helpful insight to our clients across the housing and 
commercial real estate sector of the potential of new 
technology to support effective decision making in 
developing retrofit programming and preparation for net 
zero. See 
page 15 for more information about the report. 
As we obtain further clarity on government policy, we will 
review the feasibility and impact of implementing guardrails 
on new lending and refinancing in relation to EPC standards 
and low carbon heating. We have continued to engage 
government on Greening the Built Environment matters 
in 2025, through policy consultations, roundtables, and 
responding to the climate section of the FCA discussion 
paper on the future of the mortgage market. 
In the first half of 2025, our Homes and Commercial 
businesses explored the impact of future potential Minimum 
Energy Efficiency Standards (MEES) regulation on their 
portfolios to develop a Group-wide policy position of 
supporting proposed new MEES of EPC C across the 
private rented sector in England, Wales and Scotland, and 
the social rented sector in England and Wales. Following 
periods of consultation, the government has since confirmed 
that all private rented tenancies in England and Wales will 
be required to meet EPC band C according to two reformed 
EPC metrics by 1 October 2030, and all social rented 
properties in England will be required to meet EPC band C 
by any one reformed EPC metric by 1 April 2030.
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Purpose in action 
Products to support 
our clients’ transition 
Commercial, residential and real estate remains a crucial sector 
for the UK and the Group to decarbonise, in order to meet net zero 
ambitions. We have developed a suite of lending propositions 
to support our clients to achieve their decarbonisation ambitions 
with two new products launched in 2025. 
Real estate transition 
linked loan 
This year, we launched our Real 
estate: transition linked loan (RE:TLL) –
 sustainable finance proposition – 
designed for corporate and institutional 
clients in the real estate sector. 
RE:TLLs are single Key Performance 
Indicator Sustainability-Linked Loans 
that reward clients for committing 
to carbon and/or energy reductions 
delivered by a comprehensive retrofit 
plan, which aligns with the Climate 
Change Committee’s balanced pathway 
for decarbonisation, Carbon Risk Real 
Estate Monitor (CRREM) or equivalent. 
Working with our Green Buildings 
Tool and sustainability advisory team, 
customers still developing their retrofit 
strategy can access a margin discount 
from day one which will remain in 
place as long as the plan stays on track 
– reviewed and tested annually.
In 2026 we plan to embed the RE:TLL 
and co
ntinue to develop transition 
insights which support our clients to 
build a business to transition. We will 
also continue to share the lessons we 
have learned from our bespoke CTP 
benchmarking methodology. For more 
information on our CTP process see 
pages 82 to 
83. 
Alongside our clients we will also 
explore asset level resilience measures 
to address climate-related physical 
risk and the tran
sitional role of green 
infrastructure to deliver resilience, 
biodiversity, carbon sequestration 
and unlock development potential. 
Building Transition Loan 
We launched the Buildings Transition 
Loan in 2024 to help clients acquire or 
refinance properties with an EPC rating 
of A or B, offering a £0 arrangement fee 
and up to £150,000 fee reduction. 
In recognising the UK’s retrofit challenge – 
with a building stock that ranks among the 
least energy efficient in Europe – we 
introduced an enhanced Buildings 
Transition Loan in October 2025 
for our Business and Commercial 
Banking customers to drive 
sustainable improvements. 
The enhanced loan offer continues 
to reward clients with EPC A and B 
properties but now also supports those 
purchasing or refinancing properties 
rated EPC C to G, provided the property 
can be improved to at least EPC B 
within 18 months. Clients can borrow 
funds for required upgrades, or choose 
to self-fund improvements. 
Our Green Buildings Tool can assist 
with planning and costing the 
necessary work. 
To date, we have provided £575 
million in Buildings Transition Loan 
funding to clients across sectors such 
as real estate & housing, trading, 
healthcare, and agriculture, helping 
them secure more comfortable, 
sustainable, and efficient properties 
for their businesses and customers. 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025 97 
SDG 7.3 
By 2030, double the global rate of 
improvement in energy efficiency. 
SDG 13.1 
Strengthen resilience and adaptive 
capacity to climate-related hazards 
and natural disasters in all countries. 
Link to strategy 

[page 99]
Lloyds Living provides high-quality 
properties for rental and shared 
ownership. 
Founded in January 2021, Lloyds Living now provides over 
5,450 homes across Great Britain (as at December 2025). 
Of these, over 80% are EPC rated A or B. These have been 
our areas of focus as part of our sustainability strategy: 
Data and strategy 
Since 2024, Lloyds Living reports its scope 1 and 2 emissions 
arising from landlord areas, communal areas in apartment 
buildings and show homes. Our focus in 2025 has been 
to establish internal targets as part of a carbon intensity 
reduction plan whilst continuing to work with the wider 
Group to measure Lloyds Living’s scope 3 emissions. 
We plan to continue to evolve our sustainability strategy 
and adapt our plans as we start to understand more about 
the performance of our homes, and continue to innovate 
and trial new opportunities as we seek to reduce our 
environmental impact for the benefit of our communities. 
Building standards 
In 2025, we have worked towards ensuring that at least 
50% of contracted projects for new build homes report 
to the NextGeneration Initiative benchmark. As of the end 
of 2025, 60% of our contracted projects met our criteria. 
NextGeneration is a sustainability benchmark for UK 
homebuilders. It sets out what good practice looks like 
and drives change in the industry, with the criteria of the 
benchmarks being publicly available. We will continue 
to encourage our development partners to sign up to 
NextGeneration, where possible. 
We have delivered 25 ‘zero bills’ homes to date as part 
of a retrofit pilot and contracted on a further 53 ‘zero bills’ 
homes in 2025, which are now in construction. 
‘Zero bills’ homes use low carbon technology such as solar 
panels, heat pumps and batteries, which work together 
with a proprietary tech platform to optimise energy use. 
Residents in our ‘zero bills’ homes do not pay energy bills, 
which reduces their housing-related costs (EV charging 
is excluded, a fair use policy applies). 
We are proud to have 70 properties that meet the 
government’s Future Homes Standard, ahead of its 
implementation date. 
The Future Homes Standard is a set of regulations for new 
homes in England that aim to improve the energy efficiency 
and reduce the carbon emissions of new homes. In addition, 
we continue to focus on increasing the proportion of fossil 
fuel free homes we procure. In 2025, about 33% of the 2,217 
homes we contracted used electricity only. 
Biodiversity 
In line with UK law (Schedule 7A of the Town and Country 
Planning Act 1990), new developments granted planning 
permission from February 2024 must achieve a minimum 
of 10% Biodiversity Net Gain. Opportunities to transact on 
developments consented under this new framework remain 
limited, with most housing stock on offer in 2025 consented 
to prior to the implementation of this legislation. 
In 2025, we produced a high level nature strategy and piloted 
an approach to delivering improvements to biodiversity 
on our existing site at Waterbeach in Cambridgeshire. 
Travel 
We evaluate the accessibility of sites via public transport 
to help reduce car dependency. Where parking is provided 
onsite, we will work with our development partners to 
increase the provision of electric charging points. 
Lloyds Living pledges 
2025 Achieved Progress in 2025 For 2026 
Data and Establish internal Yes We have established an internal Identify and embed processes and controls 
strategy 
targets carbon intensity reduction target to support and operationalise our carbon 
and undertaken scenario modelling intensity reduction plan 
to better understand the impact 
of various levers available to achieve Develop a retrofit strategy and deliver 
the target a pilot 
Building 50% new developments Yes 60% of new developments contracted Continue to engage development partners 
standards 
contracted in 2025 in 2025 contain a commitment to achieve NextGeneration accreditation1
report to to report to the NextGeneration 
NextGeneration Initiative benchmark 
Initiative 
Expand Future Homes 
Standards 
Yes 70 Future Homes Standard 
homes contracted 
Expand Future Homes Standard 
Expand ‘zero bills’ 
homes 
Yes Contracted on a further 53 ‘Zero Bills’ 
homes (Zero Bills relates to electricity 
costs and a fair use policy applies) 
Expand ‘zero bills’ homes 
500 completed homes 
to use electricity only (no 
gas) by the end of 2025 
Yes As at December 2025, we have 
completed a total of 932 homes 
using electricity only 
Increase the number of completed 
electricity only homes by the end of 2026 
Grow the number 
of new homes started 
onsite that are all 
electric 
Yes About 33% of the 2,217 homes 
contracted use electricity only 
Grow the number of contracted new homes 
that are all-electric 
Biodiversity Work with our 
development partners 
to explore ways to 
improve the quality 
of BNG on new 
construction sites 
Yes One of 12 transactions completed 
in 2025 involved a development with 
a BNG uplift of c.25 % (Kingsbrook 
in Aylesbury) 
Work with development partners to 
promote the Homes for Nature initiative 
to support wildlife in new developments 
Improve the biodiversity 
of our existing sites 
Partial 
Yes
2
A pilot was implemented at 
Waterbeach in Cambridgeshire 
to deliver a BNG uplift of at least 
10% on an existing site 
Complet
e BNG pilot at Waterbeach 
Travel Increase access to 
EV charging points 
on new developments 
(subject to capacity 
and feasibility) 
Yes About 74% of the 2,217 homes 
contracted have access to EV 
charging points 
Expand access to EV charging points 
on new developments (subject to capacity 
and feasibility)
3
1 We reviewed our commitment in 2025 and updated our pledge to reporting to Project and Core levels with NextGeneration. In 2026, we will exclusively focus 
on Project level reporting. 
2 A two-phased approach was established with Phase 1 completed in 2025 (delivering 7% uplift), and Phase 2 to be delivered in 2026 due to seasonality. 
3 This pledge was revised in 2024 to align with planning limitations and feasibility. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  98 
Lloyds Living

[page 100]
The Group (including its associated 
brands)1 offers buildings and contents 
insurance to UK residents. 
We aim to support customers in improving the resilience 
of their homes against extreme weather caused by climate 
change. As a business, we also strive to advocate for 
change with policymakers and other firms in the industry. 
Insurance emissions methodology 
Whilst there is currently no prescribed methodology for 
measuring emissions on insured properties to support net 
zero progress and reporting, we will continue to monitor 
and engage with developments in this area. 
1 The home insurance liabilities are managed under Scottish Widows Group. 
Our strategy – two key areas: 
01 
Propositions to 
improve resilience 
Climate change is projected to alter 
the frequency, severity and location 
of weather events that impact our UK 
general insurance portfolio. Our home 
insurance products provide cover 
for key weather perils, for example, 
flood, windstorm, subsidence and 
freeze. These are the perils that are 
most affected by climate change, and 
we will look to continue to provide 
these coverages in the future. 
The UK is expected to experience 
increases in extreme rainfall leading 
to increased flooding. Whilst river 
and coastal flooding can be modelled 
with catchment-scale hydrological 
models allowing for advance planning 
in mitigation measures, the nature of 
surface water flooding (localised and 
difficult to predict) makes equivalent 
mitigation planning more challenging. 
Given the increasing frequency and 
devastating household impacts of 
flooding, flood resilience is a priority 
for us in supporting our customers. 
We recognise the opportunity and 
imperative to improve the flood 
resistance and resilience of those 
homes that are most at risk of flooding. 
Our Build Back Better initiative 
(backed by Flood Re) is a 
commitment to spend up to £10,000 
per claim on specialist flood surveys 
and fitting property flood resistance 
and/or resilience measures following 
eligible flood claims. To identify 
the most appropriate measures 
for eligible customers – including 
floodgates and self-closing air bricks –
 we have onboarded specialist flood 
surveyors to provide expert advice 
to our customers. The Build Back 
Better scheme went live on 1 July 
2022 and the first eligible claim was 
registered the following month. 
To help customers protect 
themselves and their homes from 
the physical impacts of weather 
events, we can reach out, via email, 
social media and our banking app, 
with various elements of advice 
and guidance. Alongside regular 
preventative communications, we 
will continue to reach out to our 
customers ahead of severe weather 
events, offering advice on how to 
protect homes and advice on how 
to claim, if appropriate. 
02 
Advocating 
change 
To facilitate systemic change, we 
believe that acting as a convener and 
creating a platform for open dialogue 
and a diverse representation of 
expertise outside of just financial 
services will help us to solve the 
challenges we now face. To these 
ends we are building relationships 
with experts to enhance our 
understanding of sustainability. 
For instance, we are collaborating 
with academic institutions to study 
the impact of climate change on 
windstorm risk. We have also identified 
the need to advocate for policy change 
to help increase flood and broader 
weather-related resilience and 
adaptation efforts. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  99 
Home insurance

[page 101]
UK emissions1,2 
21.2% 2.0% 
Bank financed emissions3
15.1% 
UK sector 
emissions 
UK energy 
supply emissions 
Bank financed 
emissions 
System summary 
Opportunity 
£90 billion in finance is required from 2020-2030 to 
achieve net zero in this system in the UK4
Associated sector targets 
• Retail motor • Road passenger transport • Aviation • Auto-OEM 
Associated UK CCC 2024 progress indicators 
• Battery electric vehicle (BEV) car share of new sales 
• Battery electric vehicle (BEV) van share of new sales 
• Number of public EV charge points 
• Number of Sustainable Aviation Fuel share 
• BEV car price premium 
System focus 
Surface transport is currently the highest emitting sector 
in the UK. Our low carbon transport system addresses 
transport by road and by air and includes our retail vehicle 
leasing and financing activity, as well as support for 
transport operators, the companies that manufacture 
vehicles to produce cleaner, more efficient vehicles, and 
those that develop greener alternative fuels. Emissions for 
our rail and shipping activities within the transport sector 
are not currently included, due to our limited exposure 
to those transport sectors. 
It is expected that £90 billion in finance is required by 
2030 to support the transport system to transition, with 
over £6 billion of private financing expected in the UK’s 
charge point rollout alone
1.
Alongside the deployment of new EVs, further battery 
supply, development and improvements, increasing use 
of second-life batteries and the development of alternative 
fuels for heavier vehicles or aviation are other areas of 
change needed and in turn opportunity linked to the 
broader energy transition. 
Conversely, over a third of the UK’s railways and roads are 
currently at risk of flooding, with an expectation this could 
increase to around half by 2050
2. As demonstrated in the 
UK’s 2022 heatwave, extreme heat can disrupt infrastructure 
systems via rail buckling and power line sagging meaning 
that adaptation and resilience considerations are needed 
alongside mitigation efforts. 
Benefits beyond emissions include the reduction of the 
number of pollutants that enter the atmosphere, for 
example in the switch from internal combustion to EVs, 
benefitting the built environment and beyond. 
Benefits also further extend to people – with the recent 
Lloyds Banking Group ‘Plugging Into The Future’ report 
suggesting that real average savings are £960 per year
3. 
It is important that this extends to as many people as 
possible through affordable, accessible charging solutions. 
We welcome the government’s ongoing commitment to 
charging infrastructure and it’s vital that as many people as 
possible benefit through affordable and accessible charging 
solutions – something the £63 million announced in the 2025 
July Plan for Change
4 and focused on at-home charging for 
households without driveways will help with. 
1 Backing British business: Prime Minister unveils plan to support carmakers 
2 Progress in adapting to climate change: 2025 report to Parliament 
3 EV myths and the transition to electric transport (page 19) 
4 New £63 million boost for Britain's electric vehicle revolution  
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  100 
Low carbon 
transport 
Key Significantly off track On track 
Slightly off track Too early to say 
Current areas of focus 
Value chain segment Changes needed 
Manufacture 
(parts and OEMs) 
1 Sourced from Department for Energy Security and Net Zero – 2023 UK 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
2 UK emissions from 2023 energy supply were 89.1MtCO2e for Passenger 
Car, Electric Vehicle, Buses and Light Duty Vehicles, and aviation 
transport. Total UK emissions from 2023, including energy supply were 
385.0MtCO
2e for the entire UK. 
3 Total Bank financed emissions are 18.6MtCO2e for 2024. 
4 Estimated figures for 2020–2030, accurate at the time of publication 
of the CCC Sixth Carbon Budget. 
• Supply of EV cars, LCVs, buses, with lower embodied emissions and extended range 
Distribution • Support for low carbon transport from dealers, manufacturers and fleet operators 
Infrastructure 
and energy
• Sufficient supply of low carbon electricity, and smart charging at all times of the day, 
where it is needed 
• Use of alternative fuels for heavier vehicles and aviation 
Vehicle use • Ensure that supportive policy includes just transition considerations 
• Affordable mobility for all (city access) 
• Access to affordable, accessible, reliable public transport 
Re-use of vehicle 
& components
• Strong market in secondhand EVs makes ownership more affordable and better for 
environment (prolonging vehicle life, including use of battery, therefore reducing embodied 
carbon emissions) 
• Battery recycling and re-use for storing electricity reduces environmental pollution and 
reduces demand for resources, supports balancing the grid and enables electrification 
Systems Key Energy transition Low carbon transport 
Greening the built environment Sustainable farming and food 
Key dependencies 
Successful policy implementation 
of ZEV mandate and incentives 
to support EV uptake. 
Expansion of public and private 
charging infrastructure.

[page 102]
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Our priority actions 
Priority actions 
Exploring ways to build a stable, 
low-carbon road transport market 
focused on used EVs, LCVs, and 
buses, addressing EV residual value 
risks and using data like charging 
insights to reduce entry barriers 
and support new financing models. 
Progress in 2025 
• Within Retail Motor there has 
bee
n im
proved monitoring of 
used EV values, cashback offered 
on EV finance (July–August 2025), 
and achieved a 103% increase in 
customers choosing Lloyds Bank 
or Halifax for EV finance 
Using data to help customers 
understand the benefits of 
switching to EVs or LCVs and 
how these fit with their home 
or work life. 
• Retail Motor upgraded the 
tool to help customers assess 
EV lifestyle suitability and 
affordability and improved 
the Lex Autolease EV Hub 
• Retail Motor offered three-month 
trials of the E-Vivaro, giving fleets 
real-world experience with 
electric van 
Further facilitating the move 
to greener vehicles by focusing 
on infrastructure, cross-system 
insights, and new financing models 
like connected car data, payment 
solutions and flexible leasing. 
• Continued the Octopus Energy 
referral for charging and energy 
tariffs to support convenient 
home charging, explored site-
based charging infrastructure 
with potential partners 
• Acted as Mandated Lead 
Arranger and sole hedge provider 
for a new £150 million term loan 
for FirstGroup adding around 
1,000 buses, one third of which 
are electric 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  101 
2026 look ahead system actions 
In 2026, we expect continued 
momentum in the EV market, 
supported by several strategic 
developments. We have signed new 
partnerships, expanding our offering 
and strengthening relationships with 
leading manufacturers. The used EV 
market is forecast to grow further, 
and we will continue to refine pricing 
strategies and evolve propositions 
to meet customer needs in this space. 
To encourage adoption of electric light 
commercial vehicles (eLCVs), we will 
continue offering three-month trials, 
giving fleet customers hands-on 
experience and building confidence 
in transitioning to electric vans. We 
are working with other areas of Lloyds 
Banking Group to develop integrated 
solutions that support the transition 
across the full energy ecosystem, 
from EV charging to solar, with a view 
to expanding into financed solutions 
in the future. 
The automotive and road passenger 
transport sectors remain highly 
dependent on the pace and ambition 
of UK policy and regulation. Accelerating 
EV adoption through competitive pricing, 
expanding charging infrastructure and 
advancing battery technology are key 
enablers of progress. Successful delivery 
also relies on the adoption of low-carbon 
transport solutions by both retail and 
commercial consumers. We will continue 
to work closely with clients on CTPs and 
provide financing for low-carbon vehicles 
and supporting infrastructure, helping 
deliver emissions reduction targets while 
building long-term resilience. 
Purpose in action 
Tusker 
SDG 9.4 
By 2030, upgrade infrastructure 
and retrofit industries to make 
them sustainable, with increased 
resource-use efficiency and 
greater adoption of clean 
and environmentally sound 
technologies and industrial 
processes, with all countries taking 
action in accordance with their 
respective capabilities. 
SDG 11.2 
By 2030, provide access to safe, 
affordable, accessible and 
sustainable transport systems for 
all, improving road safety, notably 
by expanding public transport, 
with special attention to the needs 
of those in vulnerable situations, 
women, children, persons with 
disabilities and older persons. 
SDG 12.6 
Encourage companies, especially 
large and transnational companies, 
to adopt sustainable practices 
and to integrate sustainability 
information into their 
reporting cycle. 
Link to strategy 
Tusker has successfully implemented 
an EV scheme for recruitment giant 
Reed, enhancing the company’s 
employee benefits offering while also 
supporting its carbon reduction goals. 
With a workforce of over 4,000 
people across the UK, Reed needed a 
partner that could deliver a seamless, 
scalable solution. The scheme 
launched in April 2025, supporting 
Reed’s wider employee engagement 
and ESG strategies, providing access 
to EVs in a tax-efficient way while 
aligning with carbon offsetting goals. 
Modernising benefits 
The flexible scheme includes generous 
lifestyle protections and in-stock vehicle 
options, making it easy for employees 
to get behind the wheel of a car. 
The partnership with Reed 
demonstrates how organisations can 
modernise benefits while delivering 
business savings and supporting 
environmental targets. 
Natasha Litchfield, reward adviser at 
Reed, said: “When we started looking 
for another provider, Tusker stood out 
as having the systems and experience 
to be able to deliver the levels of service 
we need. They’ve provided everything 
promised, implementation has been 
straightforward, and the deliveries of 
new cars have been smooth, too.” 
“Reed has shown how a salary 
sacrifice car scheme can move 
from being just a benefit to 
being part of a culture that 
recognises performance and 
supports sustainability.”
Ali Argall 
Business Development and Client 
Retention Director at Tusker

[page 103]
The Group has one of the largest 
vehicle finance and leasing portfolios 
in the UK, playing a significant role 
in the successful transition to a 
sustainable transport model. 
Through Lex Autolease, Black Horse, Tusker and our core-
bank brands, our Transport business leases and finances 
over 1.25 million vehicles on the road today, including over 
230,000 low emission vehicles. 
Target 
48% 
combined car and van emissions 
intensity reduction (gCO2e/km) 
between 2018 and 2030 
The target has been restated in line with the CCC Seventh 
Carbon Budget as outlined on page 64. As part of the refresh 
we are now combining cars and LCVs into a single financed-
emissions intensity target because that provides flexibility 
to optimise reduction in emissions, enhances comparability 
with peers, and enables us to allocate effort to the most 
cost-effective emissions reductions while prudently 
managing residual value (RV) risk and the pacing of transition 
across both segments. We are committed to reducing the 
emissions intensity of our financed car and van portfolio by 
48% by 2030, compared to a 2018 baseline (scope 1 and 2). 
This equates to a combined emissions intensity of 82gCO
2e/
km down from 157gCO2e/km. 
Progress update 
Between 2018 and 2024, we have made positive progress in 
reducing the emissions intensity of our financed vehicle 
portfolio (combined cars and LCVS), as shown in the chart. 
Cars and vans combined emissions intensity reduced from 
157gCO
2e/km to 132gCO2e/km, representing a 16% reduction. 
This performance is broadly aligned with our reference 
pathway and indicates that we remain on course to meet 
our 2030 ambition. Continued progress will depend on 
factors such as accelerated uptake of zero-emission vehicles, 
supporting infrastructure and wider policy developments. 
Our sector graph illustrates the latest view of emissions 
intensity reductions we expect by 2030. Our 2030 target 
assumes ambitious policy intervention and rapid uptake 
of zero-emission solutions. Further details on our risks and 
dependencies are outlined below in the next section. 
Risks and dependencies 
The UK government’s Zero Emission Vehicle (ZEV) mandate 
remains a key driver of transition, requiring 80% of new cars 
and 70% of new vans sold to be zero emission by 2030, rising 
to 100% by 2035. 
For cars, our projections remain aligned with the mandate, 
supported by strong uptake in corporate leasing and salary 
sacrifice schemes. However, LCVs continue to lag, with 
limited model availability, higher upfront costs, and 
infrastructure gaps presenting ongoing challenges. 
The UK government’s ZEV mandate continues to shape 
the transition to electric transport. In 2024, the government 
reinstated the 2030 end to the sale of new petrol and diesel 
vehicles, reaffirming its commitment to net zero. This decision 
was widely welcomed and is expected to encourage both 
businesses and consumers to accelerate their transition to EVs. 
However, in 2025, the government introduced revisions to 
the ZEV mandate to reflect market development and 
support industry adaptation. These changes include: 
• Allowing hybrid vehicles (including full hybrids and plug-in 
hybrids) to remain on sale until 2035 
• Permitting ICE vans to be sold until 2035, alongside 
hybrid models and full electric models 
• Reducing fines for manufacturers who miss ZEV sales 
targets 
• Extending credit borrowing and transfer schemes to allow 
more flexibility in meeting annual targets 
While these adjustments aim to balance environmental 
ambition with practical delivery, they also introduce greater 
complexity and potential uncertainty around the pace of 
transition and our 2030 outcome. 
The CCC’s July 2025 Progress Report, aligned with the 
Seventh Carbon Budget observed that new low carbon 
van sales in the UK remain significantly off track. Several 
challenges continue to hinder growth in the low carbon van 
market, including the range of available models for business 
use, with many failing to meet essential requirements such 
as payload capacity, driving range and affordability. 
The second-hand market for electric vans is still small, 
restricting access for SMEs and slowing broader adoption. 
Additionally, the financial case for electrification has 
weakened due to rising energy prices and the reduction 
of government grants, making it harder for businesses 
to justify the transition. 
For consumers, high upfront costs and charging infrastructure 
concerns remain major obstacles, especially where long-term 
savings are unclear. While new manufacturers entering the 
market are helping reduce new car prices, this is placing 
downward pressure on used EV values, increasing RV risk 
for leasing providers. 
RV remains a key risk, particularly as the market adjusts 
to new government incentives and pricing dynamics. Stability 
in government policy and consumer sentiment continues 
to be a critical enabler. 
In 2025, we have strengthened our RV monitoring and 
management, responding to increased volatility in used EV 
values. The introduction of the government’s Electric Car 
Grant in July 2025 – offering up to £3,750 off eligible EVs – 
has stimulated demand but also placed downward pressure 
on nearly new vehicle values. 
To address these challenges, consumers should be provided 
with up-to-date education on the benefits of electrification, 
including total cost of ownership and environmental impact. 
Dealership training initiatives and digital tools are helping 
improve customer confidence and decision making. 
Charging infrastructure continues to grow at pace. As of 
December 2025, the UK had over 87,000 public charging 
devices, marking a 19% year-on-year increase. Growth 
in ultra-rapid chargers and charging hubs has improved 
access for long-distance and commercial users. 
However, there remains a need to focus on investment 
in the affordability and accessibility of private charging 
infrastructure, particularly for households without off-street 
parking. The government’s £25 million cross-pavement 
charging scheme (part of the wider £63 million plan) 
is helping address this gap, enabling more families to 
access cheaper domestic electricity rates. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  102 
Retail motor 
Physical intensity (gCO2e/km) 
180 
160 
140 
120 
100 
80 
60 
40 
20 
0 
Cars and LCVs emissions intensity reduction 
2018 to 2030 
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 
Reference pathway Actual 
Scenario pathway 2030 target 
Achievement of target pathways is contingent on market 
developments, policy shifts and dependency assumptions. Please 
see the Risks and dependencies section.

[page 104]
The October 2025 budget announced some significant 
policy changes relating to Transport’s transition to 
net zero, including: 
• Electric Vehicle Excise Duty (eVED) – From April 2028, 
a new mileage-based charge will apply to electric and 
plug-in hybrid cars alongside existing Vehicle Excise Duty 
• Electric Car Grant – An extra £1.3 billion funding will 
be provided, with the scheme extended to 2029–30 
to encourage EV uptake 
• Employee Car Ownership Schemes (ECOS) – The 
government will bring ECOS into scope of Benefit-in-
Kind tax rules, but implementation has been delayed 
from 6 April 2026 to 6 April 2030, with transitional 
arrangements until April 2031 to give the sector more 
time to adapt 
• Plug-in Hybrid Electric Vehicle (PHEV) Tax Easement – 
A temporary easement will apply under Benefit-in-
Kind rules from 1 January 2025 to 5 April 2028 to 
prevent sharp tax increases for PHEVs following new 
emissions standards 
• Capital Allowances for Zero-Emission Vehicles and 
Chargepoints – The 100% first-year allowance for 
qualifying expenditure on zero-emission cars and EV 
chargepoints will be extended by one year, until 31 March 
2027 for corporation tax and 5 April 2027 for income tax 
• Vehicle Excise Duty (VED) Uprating – VED rates for ALL 
cars, vans, motorcycles and heavy goods vehicles 
(HGVs), and the HGV levy, will rise in line with RPI 
from 1 April 2026 
• VED Expensive Car Supplement (ECS) – For zero-emission 
vehicles only, the ECS threshold will increase to £50,000, 
effective 1 April 2026, applying to ZEVs registered from 
1 April 2025 onwards 
• Cross-Pavement EV Charging – The Department for 
Transport will consult on permitted development rights 
to accelerate cross-pavement charging solutions, making 
EV charging easier and more accessible across England 
Our actions 
Improving used EV uptake via dealerships 
We introduced new tools and resources to make EV 
adoption easier, address misconceptions and support 
informed financial decisions, including: 
• Upgrading the Vehicle Suitability Tool to help customers 
assess EV fit for lifestyle and driving patterns 
• Improving the Lex Autolease EV Hub with additional 
resources and decision-support tools 
• Publishing a Transport Myth-Busting document 
to improve customer sentiment toward EVs 
• Launching the Online Car Finance (OCF) Total Cost 
of Ownership (TCO) tool, enabling lifetime cost 
comparisons between EVs and traditional vehicles 
Cashback incentives and competitive finance offers 
have driven strong growth in EV uptake, though 
dealer participation remains limited: 
• We offered cashback on EV finance agreements (July– 
August 2025) to encourage switching to EVs 
• Achieved a 103% uplift in customers choosing Lloyds 
Bank or Halifax as their EV finance provider 
• Low APR offers and stocking facilities drove significant 
growth in BEV penetration, with financed units doubling 
year-on-year 
• Stocking approach effective but limited dealer 
participation, highlighting need to build wider dealer 
confidence 
We trialled new solutions and hands-on experiences 
to accelerate eLCV adoption among fleet customers, 
focusing on operational efficiency and practical 
support, including: 
• Partnering with a third-party provider to deliver 
actionable insights that optimise EV adoption strategies 
• Offering three-month trials of the E-Vivaro, giving fleets 
real-world experience with electric vans 
• Developing a downtime analysis proposition to identify 
charging-related inefficiencies and improve operational 
performance 
We strengthened our EV proposition and advanced 
strategic partnerships to expand offerings, improve 
charging solutions, and accelerate adoption across 
retail and fleet channels, including: 
• Launching Lex Autolease and Tusker solutions for 
flexible leasing and salary sacrifice, with further 
enhancements planned 
• Reviewing Black Horse’s EV finance offering and 
continuing the Octopus Energy referral for convenient 
home charging 
• Exploring site-based charging infrastructure with 
partners to support fleets and retail customers 
• Securing agreements with Maxus for LCVs and 
onboarding Lotus and Maxus as key OEM partners, 
with further OEM discussions ongoing 
We expanded salary sacrifice options to make EVs 
more affordable and accessible, driving strong 
demand, including: 
• Introducing mechanisms for longer-term contracts 
(60 months) and used EVs 
• Making Tusker salary sacrifice for used EVs available 
to over 1.5 million eligible employees, with strong 
uptake observed 
We maintained strong external engagement with 
government and industry stakeholders to influence 
policy and support the EV transition, including: 
• Implementing system changes for Lex Autolease and 
Tusker to enable the new EV grant, with frequent 
engagement with the Department for Transport (DfT) 
• A strong programme of policy engagement including: 
– Attending round table events with DfT and other 
departments 
– Engagement with Ministers, MPs, MSPs at 
parliamentary events and party conferences 
– Engagement with senior officials across relevant 
departments to share insight and evidence 
– Joining the Department for Business and Trade’s 
Vehicle Industry Policy & Regulation Group to shape 
sustainable transport policy 
• Policy issues that were considered included: 
– Volatility in the used vehicle market 
– The impact of / need for confirmed Benefit-in-Kind 
rates through 2030 
– Reviewing Vehicle Excise Duty and the Expensive 
Car Supplement 
– Extending full expensing to leasing firms 
– Continuing the charging infrastructure rollout 
and reducing VAT on public charging 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  103

[page 105]
Our clients whose primary business is 
transportation of passengers includes 
buses, coaches, taxis and rentals. 
Decarbonisation of this sector is driven by the move from 
internal combustion engines to low or zero emission 
alternatives such as EVs. 
Target 
47% 
road passenger transport emissions 
intensity reduction (gCO2e/pkm) 
between 2019 and 2030 
The target has been restated in line with the CCC Seventh 
Carbon Budget as outlined on page 64. Our target is a 47% 
emissions intensity reduction, from our 2019 baseline 
of 125gCO
2e/pkm to 67gCO2e/pkm by 2030. The 2019 
portfolio baseline and subsequent years have been restated. 
The portfolio baseline has moved from 141gCO
2e/pkm 
to 125gCO2e/pkm, driven by emission updates at client 
and sector level alongside updates to passenger data being 
published or identified. 
Progress update 
From 2019 to 2024 the emissions intensity decreased from 
125gCO
2e/pkm to 109gCO2e/pkm, falling short of our reference 
pathway expectation by approximately 0.6% in 2024. 
The reduction to date is due to client emission reductions 
over the period, and a change in portfolio mix including 
additional lending to lower emission intensity clients as part 
of the strategy to support the transition, along with a larger 
percentage of clients now reporting actual mileage data. 
Looking forward to 2030 there is uncertainty in our ability to 
achieve our 2030 ambition as we ensure we continue to support 
our clients’ transition financing needs. We also assume that our 
clients deliver against their net zero targets, which are heavily 
dependent on domestic and global governments, policies 
supporting the adoption of low emission vehicles, as well 
as public and private charging infrastructure. 
Risks and dependencies 
In the bus sector, the Department for Transport (DfT) 
set expectations for decarbonisation, supported by over 
£1 billion in funding in 2024. We expect that this investment 
will enhance popular routes, protect rural services and increase 
bus use
1. The UK DfT’s 2023 National Travel Survey found trips 
by car or van account for 78% of all distance travelled, while 
buses represent just 3%. This impact is greater when bus 
journeys are zero-emission, underscoring the urgency of this 
transition. However, most bus operators have decarbonisation 
targets for 2035 rather than 2030, raising concerns that action 
may be delayed. 
For coach, taxi, and rental operators, the transition to low- and 
zero-emission vehicles is shaped by factors such as performance 
and whole-life costs as well as policy incentives, and the 
availability of charging infrastructure. Each segment faces 
distinct challenges: coaches contend with technology limitations, 
significant upfront and operational performance implications; 
rental operators must overcome consumer hesitancy and 
unfamiliarity with charging networks; and taxis are influenced 
by government incentives and inner-city schemes like Ultra Low 
Emission Zone (ULEZ). 
The timing and scale of investment across all segments will 
be critical to achieve sector-wide emissions reduction targets 
and to ensure a just transition for operators and customers. 
Our actions 
This year we continued our in-depth review and consideration 
of clients’ transition-related targets, commitments and progress. 
For more information on our CTP process see 
pages 82 to 83. 
For the 
UK bus sector, we continue to explore funding options 
to support investment in zero-emission buses. This includes 
solutions such as corporate lending, asset finance, and project 
finance. We seek opportunities to engage with government, 
recognising that improved quality, greater availability and low-
emission public transport are important to reducing emissions. 
These initiatives support decarbonisation with public and 
private investors playing an important role in driving 
regional regeneration. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  104 
Road passenger 
transport 
Purpose in action 
Driving sustainable 
transport with FirstGroup 
Lloyds Banking Group has deepened its 20+ year 
relationship with FirstGroup plc, one of the UK’s leading 
public transport operators. 
In 2025, Lloyds Bank acted as Mandated Lead Arranger 
and sole hedge provider for a new £150 million term loan, 
pivotal in enabling FirstGroup’s strategic acquisition of 
RATP’s London bus operations. This marked FirstGroup’s 
re-entry into the London bus market, adding around 
1,000 buses, one third of which are electric, and c.90 
routes to its portfolio. The facility was structured to 
provide both acquisition funding and headroom for 
further capital expenditure. Our collaboration exemplifies 
how innovative finance and sector expertise can 
accelerate the transition. 
This built on the successful £150 million Green Asset 
Finance Hire Purchase facility that completed in 2023, 
where Lloyds led the bank group to fund 1,000 zero-
emission bus husks. The facility continues to support 
the procurement of new electric buses, underpinning 
FirstGroup’s commitment to operate a fully zero-emission 
commercial bus fleet by 2035. 
Supporting their transition, FirstGroup currently operates 
three fully electric depots and 17 partially electrified 
depots. They invested c.£88 million in FY 2025 in 
electrification, supported net of £22 million in 
government co-funding. The depot electrification also 
supports third-party charging access including with 
businesses such as Centrica and eHGV operators. 
As FirstGroup grows and diversifies, we are proud to support 
them deliver cleaner, greener and more accessible public 
transport for communities nationwide. 
SDG 11.2 
By 2030, provide access to safe, affordable, accessible and 
sustainable transport systems for all, improving road safety, 
notably by expanding public transport, with special 
attention to the needs of those in vulnerable situations, 
women, children, persons with disabilities and older persons. 
Link to strategy 
160 
140 
120 
100 
80 
60 
40 
20 
0 
Road passenger transport emissions intensity 
reduction 2019 to 2030 
Physical intensity (gCO2e/pkm) 
Reference pathway Actual 
Scenario pathway 2030 target 
Achievement of target pathways is contingent on market 
develop
ments, policy shifts and dependency assumptions. Please 
see the Risks and dependencies section. 1 £1 billion government funding boost for bus services across England to help 
end postcode l
ottery – GOV.UK 
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030

[page 106]
Aviation (passenger and freight 
transport) is a hard-to-abate sector, 
with the required scale-up of 
sustainable aviation fuels and maturing 
of low carbon propulsion technologies 
still many years away. 
Target 
31% 
aviation emissions intensity reduction 
(gCO2e/rtk) between 2019 and 2030 
Our target is to reduce the emissions intensity per revenue 
tonne kilometre of our aviation portfolio by 31% from a 2019 
baseline of 1,143gCO
2e/rtk, reaching 788gCO2e/rtk by 2030 
(based on the IEA ETP 2020 scenario, aligned with well 
below 2°C). The 2019 portfolio baseline has been restated 
from 1,068gCO
2e/rtk to 1,143gCO2e/rtk, driven primarily by 
the use of better scope 3 data in alignment to our prescribed 
data hierarchy for one client. This has also impacted 
subsequent years. 
Progress update 
From 2019 to 2024 emissions intensity decreased from 
1,143gCO
2e/rtk to 743gCO2e/rtk. This is both due to sector 
changes whereby emissions per kilometre flown have reduced, 
and due to a reduction of our exposure to this portfolio. 
Looking forward to 2030 there is uncertainty in our ability to 
achieve our 2030 ambition as we ensure we continue to support 
our clients’ transition financing needs. Material dependencies 
in achieving net zero targets include increasing adoption 
of Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF), new aircraft delivery 
and alternative technology development. 
Risks and dependencies 
Decarbonisation of the aviation sector is heavily dependent 
on the availability and scale-up of SAF, as well as the 
development of alternative propulsion technologies such 
as battery-electric and hydrogen-powered aircraft. While 
most airlines have set ambitious emissions reduction goals, 
achieving these targets will require overcoming structural 
and market challenges. 
Policy measures are beginning to shape the market: the UK’s 
SAF mandate, introduced in 2025, requires fuel suppliers to 
blend a minimum proportion of SAF starting at 2% in 2025, 
rising to 10% by 2030 and 22% by 2040
1. This mandate is 
designed to incentivise production and secure demand, 
providing a clearer pathway for investment. 
However, the UK’s Seventh Carbon Budget highlights the 
sector’s continued reliance on scaling up the availability 
of sustainable aviation fuels
2. Even with the mandate in 
place, current projections indicate that supply constraints, 
particularly for synthetic fuels, may result in uptake falling 
short of what is required to meet national emissions targets. 
This underscores the ongoing need for robust policy support, 
greater industry collaboration, and continued innovation 
in SAF, battery and hydrogen technologies. 
Our actions 
This year, we continued our in-depth review and 
considerations of clients’ transition-related targets, 
commitments and progress. Our key strategic lever for this 
sector continues to be working with our clients to set targets 
and develop plans aligned with a well below 2°C (WB2D) 
pathway. Although we encourage ambitious plans aligned 
with 1.5°C, we recognise that with today’s technology, 
the sector’s path is only aligned with a WB2D pathway. 
For more information on our CTP process see 
pages 8
2 to 83. 
In 2025
, many of our clients have continued to announce 
ambitious investments to enhance the efficiency of their 
fleets over the next decade. We expect the implementation 
of these initiatives will be a cornerstone of their emissions 
reduction journey and will be monitored through our ongoing 
CTP assessments. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  105 
Aviation 
Physical intensity (gCO2e/rtk) 
1,800 
1,600 
1,400 
1,200 
100 
800 
600 
400 
200 
0 
Aviation emissions intensity reduction 2019 to 2030 
Reference pathway Actual 
Scenario pathway 2030 target 
Achievement of target pathways is contingent on market 
developments, policy shifts and dependency assumptions. Please 
see the Risks and dependencies section. 
1 Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) Mandate – GOV.UK 
2 The Seventh Carbon Budget – Climate Change Committee 
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030

[page 107]
A key driver for automotive OEMs is consumer appetite 
for EVs. This is dependent on a competitive market with 
attractive pricing for both new and second-hand models, 
together with the widespread availability of cost-effective 
charging infrastructure. 
Target 
47% 
automotive OEMs emissions 
intensity reduction (gCO2e/vkm) 
between 2020 and 2030 
Our target is to reduce the emissions intensity (including 
scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions) of our automotive OEMs portfolio 
by 47% from a 2020 baseline of 246gCO
2e/vkm, reaching 
131gCO2e/vkm in 2030. 
The 2020 portfolio baseline and subsequent years has been 
restated when compared to our original disclosure due to 
better data availability and increases in coverage of client 
reported data. The 2020 portfolio baseline has been 
restated from 249gCO
2e/vkm to 246gCO2e/vkm. 
Progress update 
From 2020 to 2024 emissions intensity decreased from 
246gCO
2e/vkm to 234gCO2e/vkm, falling behind our 
reference pathway by 18.7%. Decarbonisation of scope 3 use 
of sold products remains a challenge for this sector with a 
dependency on EV adoption increasing to 2030, supported 
by technological developments in EV driving range, charging 
infrastructure and government policy. 
Looking forward to 2030 there is uncertainty in our ability 
to achieve our 2030 ambition as we ensure we continue 
to support our clients’ transition financing needs. We also 
assume that our clients deliver against their net zero targets 
which are heavily dependent on clear policy frameworks 
for industry and consumers, and the rollout of reliable charging 
infrastructure. 
Risks and dependencies 
The transition of the Automotive OEMs is key to delivering not 
only this target but also our targets in retail motor (cars and 
LCVs) and road passenger (buses, coaches, taxis and rentals). 
The UK’s Seventh Carbon Budget projects that EVs will reach 
price parity with petrol and diesel cars between 2026 and 2028, 
after which households are expected to benefit from lower 
upfront costs and reduced running expenses
1. Electricity, 
particularly from renewable sources, is anticipated to remain 
more affordable and stable than fossil fuels, supported by grid 
upgrades and continued decarbonisation. 
However, widespread adoption depends on clear policy 
frameworks and the rollout of reliable, cost-effective charging 
infrastructure. Consumer appetite for EVs is shaped by cost 
of living pressures, improvements in battery range and policy 
certainty. An additional challenge is that automotive is a 
global industry, which introduces further risk as supply chain 
disruptions and uncertainty around legislation and trade 
can impact production and delivery timelines. 
Our actions 
This year we continued our in-depth review and 
consideration of clients’ transition-related targets, 
commitments and progress. For more information 
on our CTP process see 
pages 82 to 83. 
We continue supporting the transition of traditional 
automotive manufacturers, alongside working with EV-
only producers, recognising both as critical to sector-wide 
decarbonisation. In 2024, having engaged all clients in this 
sector on their transition plans, we confirmed that the 
majority have adopted 1.5°C-aligned scope 1 and 2 targets 
through the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), with 
the remainder publishing equivalent commitments. 
Looking ahead, our priority is to ensure these targets 
translate into measurable progress. We plan to work with 
clients to monitor delivery against their plans, and by 2030, 
we expect all clients to be meeting these indicators. We 
recognise the U
K is a small part of what is a global industry 
and that government and regulatory targets vary by region. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  106 
Automotive original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) 
350 
300 
250 
200 
150 
100 
50 
0 
Automotive OEMs emissions intensity reduction 
2020 to 2030 
Physical intensity (gCO2e/vkm) 
Reference pathway Actual 
Scenario pathway 2030 target 
Achievement of target pathways is contingent on market 
develo
pments, policy shifts and dependency assumptions. Please 
see the Risks and dependencies section. 
1 The Seventh Carbon Budget – Climate Change Committee 
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030

[page 108]
UK emissions1,2 
12.1% 0.3% 
Bank financed emissions3
29.0% 
UK sector 
emissions 
UK energy 
supply emissions 
Bank financed 
emissions 
System summary 
Opportunity 
£8 billion in finance is required from 2020-2030 to 
achieve net zero in this system in the UK4
Associated sector targets 
• Agriculture 
Associated UK CCC 2024 progress indicators 
Currently there is no CCC progress indicator for regenerative 
agriculture aspects of low carbon farming, which is the focus area 
of our agriculture target activity. 
System focus 
Our sustainable farming and food system addresses primary 
agriculture and the food value chain, which play a significant 
role in tackling many of the UK’s sustainability challenges. 
Alongside producing food, British farmers also maintain 
c.70% of the UK’s land and thereby have a key role to play 
in both protecting and restoring nature. 
Conversely, the food system makes up a large share of UK 
GHG emissions, and is classified as a sector that is difficult 
to abate. Given our high market share to the farming sector 
and the wider food system, we have a greater exposure 
compared to the UK average, making it a material 
contributor to the Bank’s financed emissions. 
From October 2023 to March 2024 the UK experienced its 
wettest winter on record, followed by the driest spring in 
over half a century in 2025
1. This led to arable income falling 
by £1.2 billion in ’23-’242 and to England having its second 
worst harvest on record in 2025. Such challenges in the UK 
and globally are impacting food prices, with those foods 
most vulnerable to climate-driven extreme weather – such 
as chocolate, butter, beef, coffee and milk – climbing more 
than four times faster than the rate of inflation for other 
food products
3.
At a time when 35% of farmers did not make a profit in 
2025
4, the need to transition to more sustainable business 
models is clear. 
This typically includes the adoption of regenerative and 
more resilient agricultural practices – requiring collaboration 
across the entire value chain, supported by an enabling 
policy environment. This includes food processors, wholesalers, 
retailers and restaurants as well as logistics businesses, financiers 
and insurers who will need to develop new and innovative 
private financing propositions alongside government support – 
ultimately supporting farmers to be more financially resilient. 
1 Double record breaker: Spring 2025 is warmest and sunniest on UK record 
2 Climate impacts slash UK arable incomes by 1 billion Defra says 
3 Why food prices are still rising: butter, beef and milk to blame 
4 Farmdex Report 2025 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  107 
Sustainable 
farming 
and food 
Current areas of focus 
Value chain segment System interactions Changes needed 
Raw materials 
1 Sourced from Department for Energy Security and Net Zero – 2023 UK 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
2 UK emissions from 2023, including energy supply were 47.7MtCO2e for 
sustainable farming and food. Total UK emissions from 2023, including 
energy supply were 385.0MtCO
2e for the entire UK. 
3 Total Bank financed emissions is 18.6MtCO2e for 2024. 
4 Estimated figures for 2020–2030, accurate at the time of publication 
of the CCC Sixth Carbon Budget. 
• 
• 
• 
Sustainable supply chains and benign-by-design chemical inputs 
Animal feed from sustainable sources 
Transparent, ethical mineral sourcing for parts and machinery 
On-farm production • 
• 
• 
A move to protect and restore habitats and soil health, with 
an increased use of agroforestry, hedgerows and regenerative 
agriculture practices 
More efficient livestock production with a switch to other crop 
types including nitrogen fixing, and cover crops 
On-site energy generation and efficient use of energy, water 
and chemicals 
Processing and 
manufacturing 
(food and packaging) 
• 
• 
Reduction of food waste in manufacturing processes 
Reduction in the use of plastic and other packaging or a switch 
to biodegradable alternatives 
Retail & distribution • 
• 
Lower use of packaging and reusable, recyclable 
or biodegradable packaging 
Use of low carbon vehicles and distributed networks 
to minimise food miles 
Key dependencies 
Common data standards to measure emissions 
and articulate economics of transition. 
Government-backed agricultural policies 
and incentives to stimulate widespread 
adoption of low-carbon farming practices. 
Systems Key Energy transition Low carbon transport 
Greening the built environment Sustainable farming and food

[page 109]
Integrating nature 
The futures of our food system and our natural environment 
are inextricably linked, as was demonstrated by our nature 
materiality assessment highlighting agriculture as our most 
material sector for nature impacts and dependencies. 
Our pilot to analyse location-specific data with Earth Blox 
mapped our agricultural clients using geospatial data across 
5.1 million hectares and allowed us to identify where farming 
activities connect with nature, aligned with TNFD guidance. 
We combined this geospatial data with publicly available 
information on land and crop classification to identify whether 
farms operate near sensitive locations with potentially 
elevated nature-related risks, such as areas of physical water 
stress or areas of importance for biodiversity. Over 60% of 
our clients are located within or near to protected areas and 
almost all of our clients are at risk of being either directly or 
indirectly impacted by flooding, such as through disruptions 
to transport networks close to their farm. 
We also assessed pressures on nature, such as fertiliser and 
pesticide use, and water demand that impact the ability 
of nature to deliver vital ecosystem services. We were able 
to build our understanding of the extent to which each farm 
may be dependent on those ecosystem services, many of 
which are in decline due to the degradation of nature. Most 
of the highest dependencies were as anticipated, with the 
majority of our portfolio dependent on soil quality regulation 
and flood mitigation, alongside a clear role for nature in 
improving water quality and providing supporting services 
such as biological control and pollination. 
We have leveraged these data insights to provide the largest 
UK study of its kind that helps farmers and rural businesses 
understand where targeted interventions and practice 
changes can have the greatest impact. We’ve built a 
comprehensive map of opportunities that exist to improve 
nature’s co-existence with farming, to support farm level 
action aligned to the UK’s environmental and economic 
goals, showcased in our report 
Farming with Nature: 
mapping the growth opportunity for UK agriculture 
We have further used our insights to support our 
framework pilot to consider the nature-related impacts 
and dependencies of our climate levers in this sector. 
The majority of our agricultural climate levers have an 
overall positive impact on nature. However, we identified 
a number of opportunities to safeguard nature from 
impacts associated with a small set of activities, such 
as the construction of water reservoirs, and plan to 
consider how we can support clients to understand 
topics such as waste impacts, nutrient management 
plans and climate and nature markets as a result. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Our priority actions 
Priority actions 
Using our voice to articulate the challenges of our 
clients, through policy engagement with government 
and industry bodies. 
In collaboration with SAX and Finance Earth, 
we are supporting a pilot of a new financing model, 
‘Exchange Market’, to reward farmers for prioritising 
environmental outcomes. 
Expanding on our current initiatives to enhance our strategy 
for the broader food value chain. This involves identifying 
opportunities and risks, and collaboratively developing 
solutions to transform the food system. 
Continue our in-depth review and consideration of clients’ 
transition-related targets, commitments and progress. 
Progress in 2025 
We shared our agricultural clients’ experiences with Ministers 
and officials, and advocated for policy changes to support 
a resilient sector. We contributed to Defra’s policy work, 
including the Environmental Improvement Plan, Land Use 
Framework and the Farming Profitability Review. In 2026, 
we plan to continue working with Defra on policy delivery 
and the 25-Year Farming Roadmap. 
With SAX and Finance Earth, we launched the ‘Exchange 
Market’ in January 2025 to reward farmers for environmental 
outcomes. Carbon removals are being added to the 
programme for 2026 and there are plan to expand 
to more sub-sectors and funders. 
We are helping supply chain businesses develop financing 
for suppliers to support sustainability. Through UK Finance, 
we’re collaborating with other agriculture banks to promote 
engaging farmers on sustainable practices, and exploring 
ways to reduce transition risks, including investment and 
insurance products. 
For more information on our CTP process see 
pages 
82 to 83. 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  108 
The agriculture sector remains dependent on clear UK 
policy direction and investment. Key enablers include 
scaling regenerative practices, improving data standards 
and unlocking blended finance to support farmers through 
multi-year change. Successful progress also requires strong 
industry engagement to establish common data standards 
and foster collaboration across the supply chain, ensuring 
costs and responsibilities for transitioning to regenerative 
practices are shared fairly. We plan to continue to work 
closely with clients to provide tailored financial solutions, 
such as our Agricultural Transition Finance product and 
leverage our partnerships such as Soil Association 
Exchange, which includes Exchange Market – this helps 
farmers measure their environmental footprint and access 
funding. By combining enhanced data with innovative 
finance, we aim to reduce emissions, strengthen resilience 
and ensure the benefits of the transition are shared across 
rural communities.
2026 look ahead system actions 

[page 110]
Reference pathway Actual 2030 target 
Achievement of target pathways is contingent on market 
developments, policy shifts and dependency assumptions. Please 
see the Risks and dependencies section. 
Agriculture accounts for 30% of the 
Bank’s scope 3 financed emissions, 
and supporting the decarbonisation 
of this sector is a priority for the Group. 
Target 
23% 
agriculture absolute emissions 
reduction (MtCO2e) between 
2021 and 2030 
The target has been restated in line with the CCC Seventh 
Carbon Budget as outlined on page 64. Our target is to 
reduce absolute emissions by 23% between 2021 and 2030 
(from 6.6MtCO
2e to 5.4MtCO2e). The portfolio absolute 
finance emissions for the 2021 baseline year has decreased 
from 6.7MtCO
2 e to 6.6MtCO2e due to movements driven 
by externally sourced emission factors and client-level 
reported emissions. 
Our target covers emissions from primary agriculture 
and does not include Land Use, Land Use Change and 
Forestry (LULUCF) measures (e.g. afforestation, peatland 
restoration and bio-energy crops which sequester carbon) as 
accounting for how these measures affect carbon emissions 
and sequestration is complex and currently very uncertain. 
However, we know that natural processes play a critical role 
in sequestering carbon so we are investigating data options 
in accounting for LULUCF measures. 
Progress update 
From 2021 to 2024 the absolute emissions of the agriculture 
portfolio reduced by 19%, from 6.6MtCO
2e to 5.4MtCO2e. 
This reduction is primarily driven by a reduction in drawn 
balances compared with the baseline year. 
The graph includes our projected absolute emissions 
reductions to 2030. We note to date the reductions we have 
observed are primarily driven by changes in drawn balance 
and there is considerable uncertainty about how the food 
sector will transition, and both of these factors will affect 
our 2030 outcome. 
Risks and dependencies 
There is considerable uncertainty about how the food 
sector will transition to meet net zero targets. Agriculture 
is the UK’s fourth-highest emitting sector, and progress 
is challenged by limited data and a strong reliance on 
government policy to shape the pace and nature of change. 
While this transition presents challenges, it also offers 
broader benefits, including more sustainable food systems, 
greater farm business resilience, economic growth and 
improved UK food security. Government support remains 
critical, not only for funding but also for providing regulatory 
clarity to attract private capital. 
The Climate Change Committee’s (CCC) 2025 Progress 
Report shows most agricultural indicators are off track. 
Achieving net zero will require significant investment, with 
the majority expected to come from the private sector. 
Net zero in agriculture will require a mix of regenerative 
farming practices, woodland expansion and peatland 
restoration. Farmers are central to this transition but face 
barriers such as policy uncertainty, cash flow constraints and 
the upfront costs of adopting new practices. For example, 
regenerative farming may initially reduce yields and require 
several years before financial benefits are realised. 
Farmers also face external pressures from retailers and 
processors to reduce scope 3 emissions and meet 
accreditation standards. Raising client awareness, providing 
targeted education and developing financial products that 
reflect seasonal cash flow and delayed financial returns will 
be essential. The effectiveness of mitigation options depends 
on farm-specific factors, making scalability complex. Many 
enabling technologies, such as robotics and automation, 
are still in development and will require further investment. 
Finally, it is important to recognise the symbiotic relationship 
between agriculture and nature. Farms depend on healthy 
ecosystems, while sustainable practices enhance biodiversity 
and soil health, supporting productivity and business 
resilience against climate risks. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  109 
Agriculture
Absolute emissions (MtCO2e) 
7 
6
 
5
 
4
 
3
 
2 
1 
0
Agriculture absolute emissions reduction 2021 to 20301
1 For our absolute targets we display the forward looking year on year reduction 
required from the Scenario Pathway as our Reference Pathway, as the scale 
required for the country or global level Scenario Pathway would make our 
reference pathway unreadable. 
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030

[page 111]
SDG 2.4 
By 2030, ensure sustainable food production systems and 
implement resilient agricultural practices that increase 
productivity and production, that help maintain ecosystems, 
that strengthen capacity for adaptation to climate change, 
extreme weather, drought, flooding and other disasters and 
that progressively improve land and soil quality. 
Link to strategy 
SDG 12.6 
Encourage companies, especially large and transnational 
companies, to adopt sustainable practices and to integrate 
sustainability information into their reporting cycle. 
SDG 12.7 
Promote public procurement practices that are sustainable, 
in accordance with national policies and priorities. 
Link to strategy 
Purpose in action 
Moor Farm 
Moor Farm, a 154-hectare enterprise in Baschurch, Shropshire, 
demonstrates how sustainability and profitability can work 
hand in hand. Managed by Daniel Roberts and his family, the 
farm combines a pedigree Hereford herd with diversified 
income streams, including a farm shop and café, grain drying 
facilities, arable land, and an international-grade polo pitch. 
After experiencing financial challenges in the cattle business, 
they adopted regenerative practices inspired by Gabe Brown. 
Key actions included eliminating ad-lib feed, saving £30,000 
annually and transitioning to a grass-based system with strip 
grazing. These changes improved resilience during extreme 
weather, ensuring forage availability even in hot, dry years. 
Further investments have strengthened sustainability 
credentials. A subterranean rainwater harvesting system 
secures water for livestock, while a 100kW solar array powers 
the farm shop and café, reducing energy costs and emissions. 
These initiatives were supported by Lloyds Banking Group 
alongside grants linked to regenerative practices. 
Participation in the Soil Association Exchange baselining 
audit, funded by Lloyds Bank, enables Moor Farm to measure 
sustainability performance, track progress and make targeted 
improvements. Adoption of regenerative practices, quantified 
through the SAX tool, opens access to premium markets. 
With demand for ethical, low-carbon food rising, the farm 
is well positioned to capture new revenue streams. Moor 
Farm illustrates how regenerative agriculture can deliver cost 
savings, climate resilience and market differentiation, offering 
significant potential for profitability and sustainability when 
scaled across the sector. 
Our actions 
2025 saw further investment in the Exchange Explore app, 
enhancing the free-to-use app that helps farmers record 
sustainability data and access tailored recommendations, 
including funding opportunities from public and private 
sources. Additional functionality is planned for 2026 to 
broaden support for farm businesses. 
Through Exchange Excel consultancy, more than 800 farms 
have completed whole-farm environmental baselining and 
action plans. Participating farmers can use these baseline 
measurements to track their progress over time as they 
implement the recommendations and measure the impact 
on both environmental metrics and profitability. 
In January 2025 we launched Exchange Market, which was 
developed with Soil Association Exchange and Finance Earth 
as a Within Value Chain Mitigation (WVCM) product that 
pays farmers for reductions in CO
2e emissions coming from 
practice changes. This is funded by Lloyds Banking Group 
along with Tesco, Co-Op, Lidl, The Church Commissioners 
and two global food production businesses in exchange for 
reporting associated scope 3 emission reductions. 
In December 2025, we launched the Agricultural Transition 
Finance loan to help farmers adopt regenerative practices. 
The product offers arrangement-fee-free lending and, where 
appropriate, an upfront capital repayment holiday of up 
to five years, providing cash flow flexibility to manage short-
term risks. Regenerative practices generally deliver long-term 
benefits, including lower input costs, improved profitability, 
and greater resilience through healthier soils and diversified 
systems that reduce yield volatility and exposure to 
global shocks. 
We are focused on helping our farming customers make 
the most of the financial opportunities that come from the 
transition. We have improved our ESG tool, which is used 
by our Relationship Managers, to include improved focus 
on nature and biodiversity. 
This year, we published our Farming with Nature report, 
where we have scaled our nature-related risk analysis across 
5.1 million hectares of UK farmland – around 30% of the 
utilised UK agricultural area – using Earth Blox’s geospatial 
platform. By combining satellite data with farm-level insights 
from our work with Soil Association Exchange, we can 
identify where nature impacts are high and resilience is low, 
enabling targeted support and tailored financial solutions. 
Through initiatives such as the Soil Association Exchange 
and TNFD-aligned pilots, we are helping clients measure 
their environmental footprint, unlock premium markets, 
and co-invest in a functioning environmental economy 
where value is shared and risk is managed. 
We continue to engage with policymakers to advocate for 
a resilient future for UK farming. This included meetings 
with Ministers, opposition spokespeople, rural MPs, devolved 
administrations, and officials from HM Treasury and Defra to 
share insights and discuss sector needs. We also contributed 
to major workstreams, including the Environmental 
Improvement Plan, Land Use Framework consultation, and 
the Farming Profitability Review led by Baroness Batters. 
Policy direction remains key to driving the sector’s transition, 
with our engagement focused on the following key asks: 
1. 25-Year Farming Roadmap – Develop the Roadmap to 
create an enduring, long-term plan linking productivity, 
food security and nature recovery, providing stability 
for farm businesses and investors as a single reference 
point for the transition. 
2. Common Data Standard – Adopt a single, trusted 
methodology for measuring farm environmental impact 
to build confidence and simplify access to public and 
private finance. 
3. Support for third-income models – Enable income from 
carbon, biodiversity and water services through clear 
rules, verification and long-term policy support. 
4. Blended finance – Use public funds to de-risk private 
investment and scale multi-year sustainable farming 
practices. 
Purpose in action 
ASDA Supply chain 
This year, we partnered with Asda to deliver their 
sustainability-linked supply chain finance programme, 
reflecting our commitment to helping clients integrate 
sustainability across multiple components of their financing, 
while driving positive impact across supply chains. 
This new programme builds upon our long-standing 
relationship with Asda, converting their existing supply chain 
finance programme into a sustainability-linked solution. This 
provides a financial incentive for suppliers by offering enhanced 
rates and early payment for achieving specific sustainability 
targets. This is alongside the other benefits of supplier finance 
such as working capital optimisation and risk mitigation. 
Understanding our clients’ sustainability strategy is key to 
building a successful programme which strives for meaningful 
impact. For Asda, this means focusing on building resilient 
supply chains, reducing carbon emissions, and continuously 
improving responsible sourcing. 
By linking financing terms to measurable sustainability 
outcomes, the programme strengthens supplier engagement 
and drives tangible impact across the value chain. It also 
enables Asda to gain greater visibility and monitoring of its 
scope 3 emissions. The programme also deepens our strategic 
relationship with Asda by positioning Lloyds Bank as a trusted 
partner in delivering innovative, sustainability-focused, 
financial solutions that align with their long-term objectives 
and creates a more resilient, connected and transparent 
supply chain. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system continued | Scottish Widows 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  110

[page 112]
Entity and product-level disclosures for the year ending 
2025, required under the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) 
ESG Sourcebook Chapter 2 ‘Disclosure of climate-related 
financial information’, will be published by June 2026. 
Scottish Widows Group also underwrites the home insurance 
propositions for Lloyds Banking Group. Details of this can be 
found on 
page 99 of this report. 
Our investments’ carbon footprint1 is the principal metric 
for measuring our global investment portfolio’s financed 
emissions and monitoring progress towards our targets. This 
metric is calculated from Scottish Widows’ scope 3 financed 
emissions which are calculated from the scope 1 and 2 
emissions generated from our investments or lending. 
It is our intention to enhance this with a more forward-
looking measure by assessing the alignment of our investee 
companies with the goals of the Paris Agreement. 
Our ambition 
In support of the goals of the Paris 
Agreement, we remain committed 
to our ambition of achieving 
net zero carbon emissions 
across our investment portfolio 
by 2050 (from a 2019 baseline). 
We set ourselves the following 
interim targets. 
2025 
Invest between £20–25 billion in 
climate-aware investment strategies2, 
with at least £1 billion invested into 
climate solutions investments
2
2030 
Halve the carbon footprint1 of our 
investment portfolios 
1 Carbon footprint is a measure of carbon intensity calculated as absolute 
value of emissions applicable to an investment divided by the value 
of investment. 
2 Climate-aware investment strategies: This refers to funds that have a focus 
on investmen
t in companies that are either adapting their businesses to 
reduce carbon emissions or developing solutions to address climate change. 
We will invest in climate solution investments either within these strategies 
or other funds. For more information on our calculation methodology for 
these targets please see the sustainability metrics basis of reporting which 
is available online in our 
sustainabil
ity downloads 
Indicator is subject to limited assurance by Deloitte LLP see page 02 for details. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  111 
Scottish 
Widows 
Our priority is to deliver resilient financial returns 
for our customers by addressing the risks posed 
by climate change and leveraging the growth 
opportunities provided by the transition to net zero.


[page 113]
Carbon emission reduction ambition 
and targets 
To achieve a gradual reduction in overall emissions 
contained in our investment portfolios to net zero by 2050, 
we are engaging with companies we invest in directly, and 
via our investment management partners, to encourage 
them to embark on transition pathways of a scale and 
pace needed to meet the global warming objectives 
of the Paris Agreement. 
The extent to which we can meet our 2030 target and 
2050 ambition is influenced by the pace towards net zero 
of the wider economy. 
£81.3bn 
achieved in discretionary investment in 
climate-aware strategies by the end of 2025 
of which 
£5.5bn 
achieved in discretionary investment 
in climate solutions by the end of 2025 
Climate-aware investments increased by £55.4 billion 
in 2025 driven by the launch of Scottish Widows 
Lifetime Investment, bringing overall investments 
to £81.3 billion, with the original target met at the 
end of 2024. 
 Indicator is subject to limited assurance by Deloitte LLP for further details see page 02. 
Carbon footprint (tCO2e/£m) 
Our Scottish Widows Group 2024 carbon footprint 
was 55.2tCO
2e/£m, down from our 2019 baseline 
of 116.1tCO2e/£m, which represents a 52% decrease. 
Whilst financed emissions continued to decline over 
2024, the more significant driver of the fall in footprint 
was the rise in the market value of the investment 
portfolio in line with market performances over the 
year. We note that any reversal of performance trends 
can be expected to have an opposite impact on 
portfolio footprint to date. We consider the long-term 
trend of our carbon footprint to avoid the impact 
of short-term market volatility on results and decision 
making. Further details of our financed emissions can 
be found on 
pages 116 to 118. 
As the c
arbon footprint is sensitive to market fluctuations, 
in addition to the absolute value of investee and borrower 
emissions and our own investment activity, we expect 
to see short-term variation of the footprint and will be 
studying the medium-term trend from future reporting. 
Our updated transition plan – 
The Road
 to 2030 and Beyond  
– reaffirms our commitment to 
investing for a net zero by 2050 
transition that delivers good customer 
outcomes. In this new plan, we detail 
how we invest and influence to drive 
the transition, and monitor our progress. 
Ambition – Transitioning to net zero by 2050 
Our plan outlines a clear ambition to achieve net zero across 
our investment portfolio by 2050, with an interim target 
to halve its carbon footprint by 2030 (relative to a 2019 
baseline). The plan shifts focus from just looking at portfolio 
decarbonisation towards enabling real-world emissions 
reduction and delivering sustainable and resilient investment 
outcomes for customers. The approach is shaped by the 
latest industry frameworks, notably the IIGCC Net Zero 
Investment Framework (NZIF 2.0) and the UK Transition 
Plan Taskforce recommendations. 
What’s new? 
1. Focus on investing in climate leaders that are 
aligned to the goals of the Paris Agreement, 
and influence climate laggards that are 
not aligned. 
2. Seek new climate and nature solutions 
opportunities, particularly through 
private markets. 
3. Take a holistic, systems-level approach 
to net zero that connects climate, nature 
and social issues. 
Financing reduced emissions with ‘alignment’ at the core 
We use alignment data to identify climate leaders and 
laggards, guiding our investment decisions. In 2024, we 
partnered with Robeco to create bespoke listed equity 
indices for workplace pensions, embedding Robeco’s climate 
alignment framework. This assesses companies on the 
ambition and credibility of their decarbonisation plans, 
categorising them as ‘Aligned’, ‘Aligning’, ‘Partially aligning’, 
or ‘Misaligned’. We believe investing in companies aligned 
with the Paris Agreement offers growth opportunities. 
Our article ‘
Scottish Widows – From emissions to 
alignment’   provides further information on how we 
are embedding forward-looking metrics into investment 
strategy. 
Investing in climate and nature solutions through 
private markets 
Through the launch of LTAFs (long-term asset funds), 
we aim to increase investments in private markets to 
support climate and nature solutions with measurable 
impact. Private market investments offer diversification 
and can target sectors that may be under-represented or 
not available in public markets, such as renewable energy 
infrastructure and sustainable agriculture. These investments 
provide opportunities for identifiable real-world impact 
and support the UN Sustainable Development Goals, whilst 
offering attractive long-term return potential. Investing 
in private markets comes with a different risk and return 
profile from public markets given the more illiquid nature 
of investments. 
A holistic approach to net zero 
We recognise the interconnectedness of climate, nature and 
social issues. Achieving net zero by 2050 requires considering 
the links between decarbonisation, social implications, and 
natural resources. We believe investors and policymakers 
must understand these interdependencies to make 
meaningful progress. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  112 
58 
0
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2030 2050 
Progress against targets 
116.1 
97.9 
85.8 
77.4 
64.7 
55.2 
Baseline year Net Zero 
emissions 
Reduction 
target c.58 
50% 
Scottish Widows Transition Plan

[page 114]
Embedding nature 
Climate and nature are closely linked and loss of ecosystems 
can increase emissions and business risks. We have begun 
assessing nature-related impacts and dependencies in our 
portfolios and are working to integrate these considerations 
into our investment processes. Our LTAF may provide a 
degree of direct access to natural capital investments. 
Stewardship: Influence laggards and system-level 
engagement 
Stewardship is central to our ambition. Climate has been 
a key theme since 2020, and we now also focus on nature 
and just transition. We use alignment data to identify 
and influence climate laggards, set expectations for our 
investment managers, and engage directly with high-
emitting companies and policymakers to drive best 
practice at a system level. 
Dependencies and assumptions 
Progress towards our goals depends on external factors 
across the value chain, from customer preferences to 
global policy – factors we cannot always control. We 
therefore seek to address and influence them through 
engagement with customers, investee companies, managers 
and policymakers, as outlined in our Responsible Investment 
and Stewardship Report. Achieving a just transition will 
require ongoing collaboration and adaptation as the policy 
and market landscape evolves. 
Identified opportunities 
We believe that implementing the actions set out in our 
transition plan through how we invest and influence provides 
an opportunity for us to play our part in contributing 
towards change in the real economy and delivering better 
outcomes for our customers. This not only enables us to 
help tackle climate change and nature loss as systemic risks 
and shape a more sustainable world to retire into, but also 
provides the opportunity to build more resilient investment 
portfolios in the long term.
Ambition into action: our new default 
At the beginning of 2025, we launched our new 
Workplace default – Lifetime Investment – and 
included an enhanced ESG Strategy. This marked 
an evolution in our approach. We apply our 
Scottish Widows exclusions policy and explicitly 
include ESG and sustainability tilts into our 
solutions. We believe this helps enhance portfolio 
resilience and helps deliver better outcomes for 
our customers. The multi-dimensional climate 
approach in this solution includes a specific 
carbon reduction relative to benchmark of 50%, 
alongside company investment uplifts based on 
sustainability-related metrics such as credible 
alignment to Paris Agreement, SDGs, green 
revenues and bonds, equality and diversity. 
We will continue to evolve Lifetime Investment 
– including adding private assets, via LTAFs, 
as an option for customers in 2026. We believe 
including LTAFs better aligns risk and return 
through the retirement journey of our pensions 
customers. Diversification within these funds 
is a key element; we expect additional 
opportunities to include investments that also 
deliver positive nature-related impact. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows continued 
Ambition
Interim 
target
Customer 
outcome 
Net zero by 2050 
50% carbon footprint reduction of our investment portfolio by 2030 
Drive real-world emissions reductions to help manage climate risks and opportunities in our 
customers’ investment portfolios whilst shaping a more sustainable, inclusive world 
Approach Reducing financed 
emissions in our portfolios 
1. 
How we 
invest 
A holistic approach to financing 
reduced emissions in the real world 
Actions Drive investment 
in ‘aligned’ transition 
leaders and allocate 
to climate and nature 
solutions through 
private markets 
2. 
How we 
influence 
Stewardship to 
influence progress 
towards net zero at 
systems level and 
influence climate 
laggards 
3. 
How we 
monitor 
Monitoring a range 
of transition metrics 
to better understand 
progress
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  113 

[page 115]
Partnerships, initiatives 
and collaborations 
Scottish Widows recognises that we can 
be most effective through collaboration, 
and we continue to work with other 
external bodies, organisations and 
initiatives pursuing responsible 
investment and climate-related 
policy or advocacy initiatives. 
While we recognise that collaboration is important, 
Scottish Widows will always retain its independence 
of thought and action in respect of our responsible 
investment activities. 
A new, unique strategic 
partnership with Robeco 
In 2024 Scottish Widows announced 
a new strategic partnership with Robeco 
to take its responsible investment 
approach to the next level. Robeco is 
an asset manager with leading sustainable 
investing credentials. The initial focus 
of the partnership was to co-design and 
create new customised equities indices, 
with responsible investment principles 
integrated. These were launched in 
Q1 2025. 
Using Robeco’s specialist frameworks and expertise, 
the indices feature ESG tilts underpinned by the 
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals as 
well as a range of forward-looking climate measures, 
with Scottish Widows’ exclusions policy also applied 
in full. 
The bespoke Robeco-Scottish Widows indices are 
exclusive to Scottish Widows and have been deployed 
across Scottish Widows’ investment offering for UK 
pension savers. 
Robeco’s proprietary alignment framework – the 
climate traffic light – is embedded into the design 
of the index to enable tilting towards climate leaders 
and away from climate laggards. We have also started 
using the alignment data in our assessment of 
companies for engagement and voting. This has been 
incorporated as a key action in our Scottish Widows 
Transition Plan. 
We will work closely with Robeco’s sustainable 
investing centre of excellence on research and analysis 
related to our priority themes, such as climate and 
nature, and leverage their excellent frameworks to 
enhance our approach. 
Corporate engagement 
and stewardship 
During 2025 we maintained our ongoing direct engagement 
with companies on climate. The companies were contacted 
to acknowledge areas where they had made progress over 
the last year and highlight where they were not meeting our 
expectations. These assessments were informed by publicly 
available benchmarks like Robeco’s alignment framework, 
Transition Pathway Initiative, Climate Action 100+ (CA100+), 
specialist research by non-profits and companies own 
disclosures. Main areas of discussion were decarbonisation 
strategies, climate risk disclosures in financial reporting 
and lobbying practices. 
We monitored AGMs at several CA100+ companies, directing 
our votes in our mandated funds in several instances. In cases 
where we voted against management resolutions like the re-
election of directors, we contacted the companies to make 
them aware of our reasoning for directing votes, and to 
reiterate the key points from our engagements. 
We continue to participate in collaborative stewardship 
initiatives CA100+ and IIGCC’s Net Zero Engagement Initiative. 
Climate Action 100+ 
As well as using CA100+ data in our direct thematic 
engagement with companies as highlighted above, we 
are supporting some lead investors in their engagement 
activities, focusing on the oil and gas, and mining sectors. 
Our focus areas of engagement have been methane 
emissions, decarbonisation strategies and policy engagement 
disclosures. These are done in tandem with our own policy 
engagement activities e.g. on EU Methane and Deforestation 
Regulations through our membership organisations. 
Net Zero Engagement Initiative 
We continued our work with the Net Zero Engagement 
Initiative into 2025. We have been involved in continued 
engagement with a UK-based food producer, as well as 
beginning an engagement with a Japan-based chemical 
company. 
Key industry initiatives 
Institutional Investors Group on Climate 
Change (IIGCC) 
The IIGCC is the European membership body for investor 
collaboration on climate issues, with more than 400 
members from over 20 countries. The following provides a 
summary of our key activities with the IIGCC during 2025. 
IIGCC Policy Advisory Group 
We are members of the IIGCC Policy Advisory Group, 
discussing key policy developments at UK, European and 
global level, the investor implications and opportunities 
for influencing. This includes engagement with policymakers 
directly, and through conferences such as the annual COP, 
on climate and biodiversity-related matters. 
Asset Owner Stewardship Working Group 
Further to our contributions to IIGCC’s Net Zero Voting 
Guidance, highlighting a principles-based approach and 
giving examples of a range of approaches towards 
supporting real-world decarbonisation, we continue to 
contribute to the Asset Owner Stewardship Working Group 
that allows for collaboration and best practice sharing 
among asset owners on climate and nature-related matters. 
Our latest and ongoing contributions have been towards 
shaping the EU Stewardship Code. 
UK Asset Owner Council 
We continue to remain active participants of this Council, 
with secretariat provided by the PRI, contributing to driving 
industry standards, policy positioning and regulatory 
consultations feedback. In response to asset manager 
implicit requests, a coalition of asset owners – led by The 
People’s Pension, Brunel Pension Partnership, and Scottish 
Widows – co-authored and endorsed the recommendations 
that will feed into a global baseline for corporate social 
disclosures to help investors ascertain the long-term 
sustainability of companies in their investment portfolios. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  114 
Engagement, 
partnerships 
and initiatives


[page 116]
The Asset Owner Statement on Climate Stewardship is a new 
resource for the sector designed to set out clear and consistent 
expectations for asset managers on climate stewardship. As 
owners of capital, the asset owner coalition values its asset 
managers as strategic partners in delivering outcomes for 
members. The Statement is created to support and empower 
asset managers in achieving the coalition’s climate objectives, 
building on existing industry guidance, ultimately seeking to 
raise the bar on climate stewardship across the investment 
sector. It delves into five key principles, as below, and provides 
a clear indication on the level of scrutiny and detail expected. 
1. Industry/market and public policy engagement should be 
core to the climate stewardship proposition across asset classes. 
2. Where permissible, asset managers should prioritise 
collaborative initiatives to achieve greater impact and embed 
efficiencies in engagement activities. 3. Asset managers’ 
priori
tisation framework for company engagement should 
be rooted in a robust theory of change that delivers maximum 
impact. 4. A systematic approach to voting is imperative. 5. The 
stewardship function needs to be appropriately resourced. 
We actively engage with our Asset Managers to discuss their 
positions and progress across those five principles. 
FCA convened Vote Reporting Group (VRG) 
While Scottish Widows have been participants of this group 
since its inception in 2022, in early 2024, we became co-
Chair of this industry-led initiative, to build upon the work 
already undertaken by the group. 
Since then we have played a significant role in bringing together 
asset owners, asset managers, investment consultants, proxy 
advisers, voting technology experts and relevant civil society 
organisations through extensive engagement to produce a 
comprehensive, standardised vote reporting template to raise 
the bar on current voting disclosure practices in the industry. 
Asset owners represent everyday savers, and it is therefore 
essential for them to have the transparency around utilisation 
of shareholder rights and responsibilities in an increasingly 
complex voting ecosystem, and scrutinise their managers’ 
voting decisions through timely, relevant and decision-useful 
information. Asset managers would also benefit from a 
consistent and standardised market-wide approach, enabling 
them to more efficiently meet the varying requirements of 
their clients. 
The VRG template was launched in Q1 2025, with the PLSA, 
now Pensions UK, taking ownership and oversight of it. With the 
support of the VRG, in September 2025, Pensions UK launched 
the Technical Guidance to the merged VRG and PLSA template, 
aiming for its industry-wide adoption from 2026. 
UK Sustainable Investment and Finance 
Association (UKSIF) 
UKSIF is a body seeking to influence policy to enable a 
sustainable future. Since joining in 2021, we have contributed 
to its forums and consultations to drive industry best practice 
and advance the regulatory and policy agenda for creating 
well-functioning markets, embracing and embedding 
a sustainable, long-term outlook. Since 2024, Scottish 
Widows are represented at UKSIF’s Board of Directors 
and its Policy Committee. 
Over the course of 2025, we have contributed to UKSIF’s 
multiple initiatives, including responses to consultations like 
the FRC’s UK Stewardship Code 2026. Notably, we have 
supported UKSIF in their engagement with the Department 
of Energy and Net Zero’s Parliamentary Select Committee 
towards shaping the role of the National Wealth Fund and 
Great British Energy in supporting the UK’s energy transition 
and underpinning mechanisms required to attract private 
capital in meeting the UK’s decarbonisation goals. 
We also worked with UKSIF and Canbury on the published 
report, ‘Systemic Risk: A Framework for Portfolio Resilience’, 
to highlight Asset Owners’ role in addressing ‘systemic risks’. 
This report has since been shared by The Pensions Regulator 
with Master Trusts in the UK outlining specific asks of them. 
COP30 
An enabling climate policy environment is a key factor 
underpinning our transition plan. The annual United Nations 
climate conference (COP) is critical to making progress on 
climate ambitions and implementation of targets that 
provide the necessary incentives to businesses and the 
finance sector. We actively engage with policymakers and 
have been involved in a number of COP30 related events 
and discussions, with Lloyds Banking Group and Scottish 
Widows representatives present at the COP30 conference. 
You can read more about our review of the outcomes for 
investors 
here 
Nature-related issues can result in 
environmental risks with financial 
implications that matter for investors. 
From deforestation, to pollution and 
the unsustainable use of natural 
resources such as water, human 
activity is degrading the natural 
environment which provides the 
foundation for economies and 
businesses. 
There is also a growing focus on investment opportunities 
related to nature that can deliver return and help shape 
a more sustainable world in the long term. It is therefore 
critical that pension providers understand their exposure 
to nature-related issues and how they may impact their 
portfolios from two perspectives – the impacts they have 
on the drivers of nature loss and the dependencies their 
investments have on natural resources and the services 
they provide. 
Stewardship 
We published the outputs of our portfolio analysis 
completed with Zoological Society of London (ZSL), 
‘Assessing the impacts and dependencies on nature’ , in 
April 2025. This portfolio analysis covered more than £150 
billion of our customer funds. Further to this, we focused 
on our initial sector priorities to inform two areas of work: 
shortlisting holding companies for engagement, and engaging 
the wider industry. In 2025 we conducted additional analysis 
with EY on the updated ENCORE methodology which 
resulted in similar results with construction, pharmaceuticals 
and water utilities remaining as high-risk sectors. In 2025, 
we wrote to a number of construction and pharmaceutical 
companies as well as UK water utilities. 
Our engagement with water utilities was constructive with 
responses from all companies leading to meetings with several 
of them, demonstrating a strong level of engagement on 
the topic and willingness to improve. The discussions ranged 
from addressing pollution, nature-based solutions and waste 
management, allowing for honest reflections, deep dives 
on investment plans and forward-looking approaches. 
Engagement with construction and pharmaceutical 
companies is ongoing and will continue into 2026. 
Additionally Scottish Widows is actively involved in several 
collaborative industry initiatives. Through Nature Action 100, 
it engages with companies in chemicals, paper and packaging, 
and industrials to drive improved biodiversity strategies, 
target setting, lobbying transparency and governance. As 
a member of the PRI Spring Strategic Advisory Committee, 
Scottish Widows helps guide investor action on halting 
deforestation and land degradation, also engaging with 
companies in the consumer goods, auto and cosmetics 
sectors. We are active participants of multiple FAIRR (Farm 
Animal Investment Risk and Return Initiative) workstreams, 
addressing issues like pollution, animal welfare, and 
sustainable proteins in the Food and Agriculture sector. 
Our contributions through the ShareAction’s Pesticides 
Working Group continue to push for reduced biodiversity 
harm from hazardous pesticides and support a more 
sustainable food system. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  115 
Nature


[page 117]
Overview of financed emissions 
Our carbon footprint is a key indicator in helping us assess 
our progress against our net zero ambition. Although we 
also present weighted average carbon intensity, in line with 
developing industry practice and regulatory expectations, 
carbon footprint is still our preferred measurement of 
progress against our net zero ambition. The metrics and 
targets we monitor help to inform our investment strategy 
as demonstrated in our transition plan. 
For further information on these strategies, see the 
transition plan section on 
page 112. 
Note the assets under management (AUM) of £187.9 billion 
at year-end 2024 represents the total assets in scope of our 
headline net zero ambition. 
Refer to the sustainability metrics basis of reporting, 
available online in our 
sustainability downloads  for details 
on how our financed emissions metrics are calculated. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  116 
2024
Total financed emissions 
Total 
AUM 
£bn 
AUM in scope of 
PCAF 
methodology and 
for which 
emissions data is 
available 
(excluding 
sovereign debt) 
£bn 
In-scope AUM for 
which emissions 
data is available 
% 
Estimated total 
MtCO2e (scope 1 
emissions for 
investments where 
data is available) 
Estimated total 
MtCO2e (scope 2 
emissions for 
investments where 
data is available) 
Estimated total 
MtCO2e (Total 
scope 1 and 2 
emissions for 
investments where 
data is available) 
PCAF data quality 
score 
Carbon footprint 
(where data is 
available)1 (tCO2e/
£m invested) 
Weighted average 
carbon intensity 
(where data is 
available)2 (tCO2e/
£m sales) 
Policyholder 173.1 146.1  84 % 6.5 1.6 8.1 2.4 54.6 116.7 
Shareholder 14.8 9.5  64 % 0.5 0.2 0.7 3.8 63.2 54.5 
Total 187.9 155.6  83 % 7.0 1.8 8.8 4 2.5 55.2 
2023
2019
114.6 
Policyholder 158.7 133.0  84 % 7.0 1.7 8.7 2.2 64.7 133.1 
Shareholder 22.1 15.0  68 % 0.7 0.3 1.0 3.5 65.2 75.2 
Total 180.8 148.0  82 % 7.7 2.0 9.7 3 2.3 3 64.7 3 129.4 
Policyholder 143.1 96.6  68 % 9.1 1.9 11.0 2.1 116.6 NR 
Shareholder 26.7 14.4  54 % 1.0 0.5 1.5 3.7 112.3 NR 
Total 169.8 111.0  65 % 10.1 2.4 12.5 2.3 3 116.1 3 NR 
1 Emissions per £1 million invested is calculated using the market value of equity + book value of debt investment rather than the AUM in the table where assets are quoted at market value. The market value of equity + book value of debt equivalent total is 
£158.1 billion for 2024 (£150.5 billion for 2023). Note: coverage for weighted average carbon intensity may be lower than for carbon footprint due to lack of revenue data on certain asset types. 
2 Weighted average carbon intensity expresses the portfolio’s financed emissions per unit of sales revenue of the investee companies. 
3 The metrics for 2019 and 2023 have not been restated in the current period and were previously subject to limited assurance by Deloitte LLP in 2023 and 2024. This limited assurance report is available at sustainabili
ty downloads  
4 The amount assured by Deloitte as part of their limited assurance work is 8.72 MtCO2e. The difference to the amount in the table above is due to rounding differences. 
Indicator is subject to limited assurance by Deloitte LLP, for further details see page 02. 
NR  Not Reported 
2024 2023 
Reconciliation of assets included in emissions calculations 
Policyholder 
£bn 
Shareholder 
£bn 
Total 
£bn 
Total 
£bn 
AUM Total 173.1 14.8 187.9 180.8 
Less: 
 Sovereign bonds AUM 12.7 2.2 14.9 15.2 
 Assets not in scope of PCAF methodology 4.7 1.7 6.4 7.1 
 Assets for which emissions data is not available1 9.6 1.4 11.0 10.5 
AUM used to calculate financed emissions above 146.1 9.5 155.6 148.0 
1 Includes investments in collective investment schemes where look through is not currently available. 
Metrics 
and targets

[page 118]
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  117 
Total financed sovereign bond emissions 
Sovereign bonds 
We are reporting emissions data on sovereign bonds for the 
purposes of transparency, following the issuance by PCAF 
of methodology on sovereign debt in December 2022. PCAF 
notes that double counting of emissions of non-sovereign 
sectors (e.g. corporates) can occur due to accounting of 
emissions at sovereign territorial level, and that this 
therefore represents a challenge for an entity with multiple 
asset classes. PCAF also notes that this is not necessarily 
problematic if emission results of the different asset classes 
are clearly reported separately. Given these challenges, 
we will consider if and how we integrate sovereign bond 
emissions metrics into our targets. 
Total sovereign bond 
AUM 
Sovereign bond AUM 
in scope of PCAF 
methodology and for 
which emissions data 
is available 
In-scope sovereign 
bond AUM for which 
emissions data is 
available 
Estimated total 
MtCO2e for sovereign 
bonds including 
LULUCF (scope 1, for 
investments where 
Estimated total 
MtCO2e for sovereign 
bonds excluding 
LULUCF (scope 1, for 
investments where 
Sovereign bond 
carbon intensity 
including LULUCF 
(where data is 
available)1
Sovereign bond 
carbon intensity 
excluding LULUCF 
(where data is 
available)1
(tCO2e/£m PCAF data quality 
2024 Policyholder 
Shareholder 
Total 
£bn 
12.7 
2.2 
14.9 
£bn 
9.9
2.2
12.1
% 
 78 % 
 100 % 
 81 % 
data is available) 
2.2 
0.4 
2.6 
data is available) 
2.2 
0.4 
2.6 
(tCO2e/£m invested) 
188.7 
158.1 
182.7 
invested) 
196.6 
157.7 
188.9 
score 
1 
1 
1 
2023 Policyholder 
Shareholder 
Total 
12.1 
3.1 
15.2 
9.4
3.1
12.5
 78 % 
 100 % 
 82 % 
2.1 
0.6 
2.7 
2.2 
0.6 
2.8 
200.3 
163.7 
191.3 
207.3 
163.4 
196.5 
1 
1 
1 
Land Use, Land-Use Change and Forestry (LULUCF) 
1 Emissions per £1 million invested is calculated using the book value of debt investment rather than the AUM in the table where assets are quoted at market value. The book value of debt equivalent total is £14.2 billion for 2024 (£14.0 billion for 2023). 
Total financed emissions – sector breakdown 
Sectoral analysis of emissions 
The bar chart on the right shows a sector breakdown 
of the total financed emissions. This view is intended for 
illustrative purposes at this time and sector headings and 
the allocation of individual companies to sectors may be 
subject to revision as best practices emerge. Data is at 
31 December 2024. 
Total AUM £bn 
0.3 40.5 General manufacturing 
0.2 5.4 Oil and gas 
0.6 5.6 Utilities 
0.0 2.2 Mining 
0.4 21.3 
0.2 16.3 Telecoms 
3.5 39.6 Financial services 
0.0 3.4 Automotives 
1.2 2.9 Business services 
0.2 / 0.2 Agriculture 
0.7 / 0.2 Education 
2.0 / 0.0 Housing associations 
Scope 1 and 2 financed emissions (MtCO2e) 
1.90 0.02 
1.79 0.08 
1.55 0.07 
1.27 0.00 
0.58 0.02 
0.38 0.02 
0.16 0.00 
0.12 0.00 
0.07 / 0.26 
0.07 / 0.16 
0.00 / 0.02 
0.00 / 0.00
Other 
0.1 / 1.5 Passenger transport 
0.1 7.0 Retail 
0.09 / 0.00 
0.08 / 0.00 
Policyholder Shareholder 

[page 119]
Scope 3 emissions 
Scope 3 emissions include all other indirect GHG emissions 
(not included in scope 2) that occur in the value chain of 
the reporting company. Scope 3 can be broken down into 
upstream emissions that occur in the supply chain (for 
example, from production or extraction of purchased 
materials) and downstream emissions that occur as a 
consequence of using the organisation’s products or services. 
When it comes to scope 3 emissions of the companies 
we invest in, at this time we do not feel the data is robust 
enough or has wide enough coverage for us to be able to set 
targets using it. We will continue to watch the developments 
in data quality and will consider extending our portfolio 
targets to cover scope 3 of our underlying holdings when 
there is market consensus on the appropriateness of 
available data. Please note that there is a high likelihood 
of emissions being double counted within the following 
scope 3 tables. Companies are attempting to estimate all 
the emissions from the supply chain of their activities, so a 
company’s downstream emissions (the use of their products 
or services) may well be reported as another company’s 
upstream emissions (purchased products or services). 
Further details on our approach to scope 3 emissions reporting 
can be found within the sustainability metrics basis of 
reporting, available online in our 
sustainability downloads 
Scope 3 financed emissions December 2024 
Scottish Widows Group Policyholder funds Shareholder funds 
Sector 
AUM with scope 3 
emissions data 
(£bn) 
Scope 3 financed 
emissions 
(MtCO2e) 
Scope 3 footprint 
(tCO2e per 
£m invested) 
PCAF data quality 
score 
AUM with scope 3 
emissions data 
(£bn) 
Scope 3 financed 
emissions 
(MtCO2e) 
Scope 3 footprint 
(tCO2e per 
£m invested) 
AUM with scope 3 
emissions data 
(£bn) 
Scope 3 financed 
emissions 
(MtCO2e) 
Scope 3 footprint 
(tCO2e per 
£m invested) 
General manufacturing 40.8 29.9  731.4 2.3 40.5 29.8  734.5 0.3 0.1  317.6 
Oil and gas 5.6 22.4  4,007.2 2.7 5.4 21.5  3,978.4 0.2 0.9  4,826.3 
Mining 2.3 6.5  2,879.0 2.8 2.2 6.3  2,857.8 0.1 0.2  3,968.5 
Financial services 43.1 4.4  102.0 2.8 39.6 4.1  102.7 3.5 0.3  93.4 
Automotives 3.5 3.9  1,135.5 2.5 3.5 3.9  1,134.5 0.0 0.0  1,569.8 
Aerospace and defence 1.6 2.0  1,306.5 2.4 1.6 2.0  1,312.2 0.0 0.0  32.1 
Utilities 6.0 1.9  319.3 2.8 5.6 1.8  322.7 0.4 0.1  271.2 
Retail 7.1 1.6  226.0 2.7 7.0 1.6  223.8 0.1 0.0  356.2 
Other 12.0 1.3  111.6 3.3 11.8 1.3  112.2 0.2 0.0  72.6 
Food and drink 3.5 1.1  318.8 3.7 3.5 1.1  317.7 0.0 0.0  411.9 
Construction 0.8 1.0  1,194.0 2.6 0.7 1.0  1,228.5 0.1 0.0  617.6 
Who
lesale 1.5 1.0  646.3 2.9 1.5 1.0  646.3 0.0 0.0 0.0 
Real estate 7.0 0.5  71.8 2.9 6.9 0.5  72.6 0.1 0.0  19.5 
Telecoms 16.5 0.4  25.5 3.0 16.3 0.4  25.0 0.2 0.0  57.9 
Total 151.3 77.9  515.2 2.6 146.1 76.3 522.2 5.2 1.6 337.9 
Scope 3 financed emissions December 2023 
Scottish Widows Group Policyholder funds Shareholder funds 
Sector 
AUM with scope 3 
emissions data 
(£bn) 
Scope 3 financed 
emissions 
(MtCO2e) 
Scope 3 footprint 
(tCO2e per 
£m invested) 
PCAF data quality 
score 
AUM with scope 3 
emissions data 
(£bn) 
Scope 3 financed 
emissions 
(MtCO2e) 
Scope 3 footprint 
(tCO2e per 
£m invested) 
AUM with scope 3 
emissions data 
(£bn) 
Scope 3 financed 
emissions 
(MtCO2e) 
Scope 3 footprint 
(tCO2e per 
£m invested) 
General manufacturing 36.4 27.4  752.6 2.4 35.7 27.1  758.3 0.7 0.3  466.0 
Oil and gas 6.6 24.1  3,640.1 2.5 6.3 23.1  3,647.8 0.3 1.0  3,467.7 
Mining 2.7 7.3  2,711.4 2.6 2.6 7.1  2,711.6 0.1 0.2  2,706.7 
Financial services 39.2 4.7  119.1 2.9 33.9 4.1  121.6 5.3 0.6  103.4 
Automotives 3.0 3.9  1,308.7 2.4 2.9 3.8  1,307.4 0.0 0.0  1,452.9 
Aerospace and defence 1.3 2.2  1,748.2 2.3 1.3 2.2  1,753.9 0.0 0.0  162.0 
Utilities 6.2 2.2  351.0 2.9 5.4 1.9  356.6 0.8 0.3  315.3 
Retail 5.9 1.7  292.3 2.7 5.7 1.6  289.4 0.2 0.1  360.5 
Other 12.1 1.7  136.8 3.2 11.6 1.6  135.6 0.5 0.1  164.4 
Food and drink 3.9 1.2  310.8 3.7 3.8 1.2  314.4 0.1 0.0  212.8 
Construction 0.9 1.0  1,147.4 2.6 0.8 1.0  1,231.0 0.1 0.1  557.0 
Who
lesale 1.5 1.0  661.3 3.0 1.5 1.0  661.3 0.0 0.0  489.4 
Real estate 7.3 0.5  63.3 3.0 7.1 0.5  64.9 0.3 0.0  20.0 
Telecoms 13.8 0.4  30.6 3.0 13.2 0.4  29.6 0.6 0.0  51.0 
Total 140.8 79.3  562.7 2.7 131.8 76.6  581.2 9.0 2.7  296.0 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Supporting the UK’s transition continued 
Own operations | Supply chain | Banking activities | Transition plan by system | Scottish Widows continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  118

[page 120]
How we 
deliver 
Our oversight, ownership and 
responsible conduct builds 
a foundation that allows us 
to deliver on our purpose. 
Our governance structure provides clear oversight 
and ownership of the Group’s sustainability strategy 
and management of risk. 
How we deliver articulates the strategic importance 
of our sustainable business ambitions and how we 
manage the impacts arising from environmental 
and social issues. 
We believe in conducting our business responsibly, 
always considering the impact on our stakeholders. 
Delivering good outcomes for our customers is at 
the heart of our purpose-driven organisation. 
In this section 
Group governance 120 
Training delivered 121 
Three lines of defence 121 
Scottish Widows governance 122 
Risk management 123 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  119 
Sustainable Development Goals 
See our full reporting suite on 
the sustainability page of our website.

[page 121]
The Group’s governance structure 
provides clear oversight and ownership 
of the Group’s sustainability strategy 
and the management of risks and 
opportunities. Key strategic decisions 
are taken at the most senior level 
of the Group, demonstrating the 
strategic importance of our 
sustainability ambitions and link 
to the broader Group purpose. 
The Responsible Business Committee is a Board-level 
committee with sustainability-focused responsibilities 
and strategic decisioning, with specific reporting, risk 
management and remuneration responsibility related to 
sustainability matters shared with the Audit Committee, 
Board Risk Committee and Remuneration Committee. 
This ensures appropriate Board-level oversight, coordination 
and cooperation on these matters. 
Sustainability-related risks and opportunities are identified, 
assessed and managed by business unit-level teams governed 
via divisional steering groups and committees. 
For further details on the control environment operating 
at a business unit level for sustainability-related controls, 
see 
page 123. 
Full details on how sustainability is incorporated into 
our Group governance structure along with key topics 
of discussion at the Board committee level are detailed 
on pages 80 to 81 within the 
annual report and accounts 
Board-level remuneration governance 
Our annual balanced scorecard provides transparency on 
how our performance aligns with 2025 executive director 
Group Performance Share (GPS) outcomes. 
It also informs the wider 2025 GPS pool for all colleagues 
and 2025 Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) budget for our 
Group Executive Committee members. 
Full details on the 2025 balance scorecard and LTIP award 
can be found on pages 110 and 122 of the 
annual report 
and accounts 
Executive governance 
The primary mechanism for sustainability-focused 
governance at an executive level is via the Group 
Sustainability Committee (GSC). This committee is an 
evolution of the previous Group Net Zero Committee, 
with a broadened responsibility to provide oversight and 
challenge of sustainability activities that impact the Group’s 
purpose, business strategy and aspirations to become a 
purpose-driven organisation. Specific risk management or 
broader strategic responsibility related to sustainability 
matters is shared with the Group Risk Committee and Group 
Executive Committee. GSC oversight includes: 
• Purpose alignment 
• Sustainability commitments, targets and performance 
• External sustainability reporting and public disclosures 
• Internal sustainability statements, policies and 
frameworks 
• External engagement 
• Group transition planning 
• Human rights and modern slavery 
Divisional governance 
Executive-level governance of sustainability-related risks 
is supported by existing governance structures across our 
divisions that are used to oversee decisions that impact 
the divisions, ensuring these risks are managed as part 
of regular activity. 
Divisional governance structures include the Consumer 
Lending Executive Committee, Commercial Banking 
Committee and various executive bodies within Insurance, 
Pensions and Investments. 
Our Group Sustainable Business team is supported by 
divisional sustainability teams, ensuring a coordinated 
approach to oversight, delivery and reporting of the 
Group’s sustainability strategy. 
Entity governance 
Beyond the Group level, governance structures are in 
place to support consideration of sustainability-related 
risks and opportunities at Board level across the Group’s 
key legal entities. 
The Group’s governance structure focuses on ensuring 
independent decision making by the Ring-Fenced Bank 
Boards; the structure and responsibilities for the Ring-
Fenced Banks are outlined on page 73 of the 
annual report 
and accounts 
In Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc (LBCM), the Board 
is kept up to date on sustainability-related risks through bi-
annual updates plus regular risk and legal reporting to Board 
Risk Committee. Details of the governance structure within 
Scottish Widows is detailed later in this section. 
Additional details on respective governance for the Group’s 
other entities can be found in their respective disclosures. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  120 
Group governance 
Our sustainability governance structure 
Board level 
Lloyds Banking Group plc Board1
Responsible 
Business 
Committee 
(RBC)2 
Board Risk 
Committee 
(BRC) 
Audit 
Committee 
(AC) 
Remuneration 
Committee 
(RemCo) 
Executive level 
Group 
Sustainability 
Committee 
(GSC) 
Group Risk 
Committee 
(GRC) 
Group 
Disclosure 
Committee 
(GDC) 
Business and functional level 
Divisional and functional-level 
climate and sustainability 
steering groups or committees 
Group 
Executive 
Committee 
(GEC)1
1 The Chair of the Scottish Widows Board (except for any Interim Chair) sits on the 
Lloyds Banking Group plc Board. The Scottish Widows CEO sits on the Group Executive 
Committee and updates the Group Executive Committee on relevant insurance 
matters which can include papers for Group Executive Committee consideration. 
2 The Chair of the Responsible Business Committee, Amanda Mackenzie, is a non-
executive director on the Board, a member of the Remuneration Committee, the 
Nomination and Governance Committee and the Audit Committee. Amanda helps 
ensure that sustainability is discussed and considered by the Board. Amanda has 
extensive experience in ESG matters, including helping launch the United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals.

[page 122]
Skills and training 
Board and Executive training 
To strengthen sustainability governance, we continue 
to deliver targeted training to our Board members and 
Executive Committee on sustainability matters. This year, 
training has focused on environmental (carbon and nature) 
markets to deepen understanding of the risks and 
opportunities associated with this emerging asset class. 
The Board was also offered training on human rights and 
modern slavery to enhance their understanding of this 
evolving regulatory topic and how we can continue to 
strengthen the Group’s resilience. 
Colleague training 
Our colleagues are critical to the delivery of our purpose 
focus areas, managing risks and maximising opportunities. 
To support them in this, during 2025 we advanced training 
across several priority areas: 
1. Anti-greenwashing 
We strengthened our anti-greenwashing training to align 
with evolving regulatory expectations. Over 5,000 colleagues 
completed the updated module, with additional role-specific 
training provided across our Group Sustainable Business and 
Group Corporate Affairs teams. 
2. External Sector Statements 
We enhanced our External Sector Statements training to 
cover the latest developments and control framework. 1,500 
colleagues including those across relevant Commercial, Risk, 
Audit and Finance teams completed this training in 2025. 
3. Commercial Banking Sustainability School 
Since 2023, our ‘Sustainability School’ has supported 
Commercial colleagues in navigating emerging risks and 
opportunities. This year, 11 sessions were delivered to 1,600 
attendees, featuring internal and external experts on topics 
such as the policy environment, the regulatory landscape 
on disclosures, the blue economy and the food system 
transition. 
4. Supply chain 
Education and accountability remains central to driving 
positive sustainability outcomes across our supply chain. 
Initiatives this year have included: 
• Internal workshops for our Procurement leadership team 
and the launch of colleague training on mitigating nature-
related risk from third-party spend 
• Piloting an AI-driven course enabling colleagues to 
practice supplier sustainability conversations, with 
completions across 23 business platforms, providing 
tailored feedback to support skills development 
• Enhancement of our ‘Modern slavery in the supply chain’ 
colleague training, completed by over 500 Group Sourcing 
and Supplier Management colleagues this year, alongside 
the launch of a new supplier-facing version. For more 
information see 
page 138. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  121 
Training delivered Three lines of defence1
Three lines of defence 
The Group’s structure provides clear oversight and ownership of our sustainability strategy and 
management of sustainability-related risk across the three lines of defence, with dedicated teams 
in place focused on these areas. 
1st line 2nd line 3rd line 
The Group Sustainable Business team is 
responsible for overseeing the Group’s 
strategic approach to responding to global 
and local issues on sustainability. 
Risk is responsible for overseeing the risks 
relating to sustainability topics. This 
includes formal responsibilities in relation 
to oversight of the risks arising from climate 
change to support meeting regulatory 
expectations. 
Group Audit (third line of defence) provides 
independent assurance to the Group Audit 
Committee, Board Risk Committee and the 
Board on the effectiveness of control and 
governance processes in place across the 
first and second lines. In the context of ESG 
and sustainability reporting, it exercises its 
role through the delivery of business and 
Group level audits which incorporate ESG-
related risk. In addition, through continuous 
Business Monitoring activities, Group Audit 
also attends key sustainability and climate 
risk governance committees and forums. 
At a divisional and/or sector level, 
sustainability teams within the business 
support the delivery of our sustainability 
strategy in alignment with the Group 
strategy and our purpose pillars. These 
teams combined are responsible for 
developing the Group’s response to 
sustainability risks and opportunities, 
including engaging with business areas 
to align sustainability to the business area 
strategies, ambitions and facilitate the 
development of sustainable product-level 
offerings. 
These responsibilities are split over teams 
across Risk, as well as incorporating 
consideration of sustainability-related 
topics into the appropriate risk 
management processes. In some cases, 
consideration of sustainability-related 
topics is intrinsically captured as part of 
managing these risks, for example, cyber 
security and data privacy-related risks. 
Elsewhere, explicit consideration of 
sustainability-related factors is most 
advanced for climate risk, where Risk’s 
responsibilities include oversight of the 
1st line’s strategy to deliver the Group’s 
strategic ambitions, setting the Group’s 
climate risk appetite and development of 
methodologies to quantify climate risk. 
From a climate perspective this includes 
activities supporting business areas in the 
calculation and forecasting of emissions, 
sector-level target setting and delivery 
against our transition plan to support 
the Group’s sustainability targets. 
Group Finance is responsible for 
incorporating sustainability into the 
Group’s performance reporting, financial 
planning and external reporting. 
1 The three lines of defence responsibilities may operate differently across the Group’s legal entities.

[page 123]
Governance for climate-related 
risks has been embedded into our 
existing governance structure, which 
is supported by the governance within 
the wider Lloyds Banking Group’s 
sustainability strategy. Key boards 
and committees meet regularly 
through the calendar year. 
The Insurance Board is the ultimate authorisation body for 
matters which concern the operation of Scottish Widows’ 
business and is responsible for approving the Scottish 
Widows Transition Plan and Insurance, Pensions and 
Investments’ strategic response to ESG matters. 
During 2025, Insurance, Pensions and Investments 
(IP&I) continued to govern sustainability matters across 
multiple bodies within its governance structure, such 
that sustainability matters were appropriately governed 
as part of business-as-usual considerations. Sustainability 
is governed at Executive Committees, such as the IP&I Risk 
Committee, which reviews key risks (including emerging 
risks) and the IP&I Investment Committee, which monitors 
performance of investment strategy for customer funds 
(including responsible investment and stewardship 
strategies). Individual members of senior management 
also hold responsibility and accountability for climate risks 
and opportunities, supported by the insurance group’s 
support functions in risk and finance. 
Insurance Board 
The Insurance Board has an overall responsibility to promote 
and assess the long-term sustainable success, safety and 
soundness of the IP&I business, delivering good outcomes for 
customers and generating value for Lloyds Banking Group as 
ultimate shareholder, and to contribute to the wider society 
and engage actively in the affairs of the IP&I business. 
This includes a requirement to keep abreast of material 
changes in IP&I’s business and the external environment, which 
includes climate-related issues, as well as acting in a timely 
manner to protect the long-term interests of the IP&I business. 
These responsibilities and certain matters reserved for the 
approval of the Insurance Board are set out in the ‘schedule 
of matters reserved’, which is reviewed annually, and informs 
matters for consideration and discussion at Insurance Board 
meetings. The Insurance Board met 11 times in 2025. 
The Insurance Board also undertakes an annual review of 
each of its committees’ purpose and responsibilities (terms of 
reference) and is kept informed at each Board meeting of key 
matters, discussed via individual committee Chair Reports. 
The Insurance Board also ensures that its composition is 
sufficient in aggregate knowledge, skills, experience and 
background to effectively debate and take decisions informed 
by an awareness and understanding of climate-related threats 
and opportunities. Between them, the Insurance Board and IP&I 
management have dialogue with peers, policymakers and other 
stakeholders to stay informed about the latest climate-relevant 
risks and regulatory requirements. 
To support the board, management assesses the materiality 
of climate-related risks and opportunities for the IP&I business 
on an ongoing basis and takes decisions that are proportionate 
to the materiality of climate to the IP&I business. 
Insurance Board key decisions 
The board is engaged (either directly or via its committees) 
on a periodic basis on sustainability matters, receiving 
periodic briefings covering topical and horizon issues in 
relation to sustainability and other matters. Key decisions by 
the board, its committees and management in 2025 included: 
Strategy 
• Climate and sustainability matters within IP&I business 
planning 
• The Insurance Board has focused on the role of Scottish 
Widows as an enabler of financial wellness for UK 
customers within the social pillar of sustainability 
Key decisions 
• Approved Scottish Widows responsible investment 
and stewardship report 2024 
• Approved the Scottish Widows Transition Plan 
• Approved Scottish Widows entity and product-level 
TCFD reports 2024 and input into Lloyds Banking Group 
sustainability report 2024 
Oversight 
• Regular climate risk reporting 
• Knowledge sessions on legal and regulatory risks 
• Approach to Stewardship engagement 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  122 
Scottish Widows governance

[page 124]
The Group is committed to protecting our customers, 
shareholders and colleagues while enabling sustainable 
growth. This is achieved through informed risk decisions 
and robust risk management, supported by a consistent 
risk-focused culture. Our material topics inform our 
understanding of the key sustainability-related risks and 
opportunities of the Group. 
Our ambition is to ensure that consideration of the key 
ESG-related risks facing the Group is integrated within our 
wider risk management processes supporting appropriate 
identification, assessment, management, monitoring and 
reporting of risks. During 2025, we undertook a programme 
to change the way we manage all risks in Lloyds Banking 
Group including climate-related risks, more detail is included 
on page 39 in our 
annual report and accounts  
Climate risk continues to be monitored as a principal risk, 
with further details outlined in the 
annual report and 
accounts  page 150. We use various tools and methods 
to help develop our understanding of material risks and their 
potential impacts. Further detail is provided in this section 
on our evolving activity to develop climate models and 
scenario analysis that supports the identification and 
assessment of climate risks. 
The table below shows the wider sustainability topics that 
we have assessed as material and highlights the risks that 
they relate to. Our 
annual report and accounts  pages 38 
to 39 provides more detail on the materiality assessment 
with the topics expanded on within the following section. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Risk 
management 
Risk management is at the heart of creating 
a more sustainable future for people and businesses. 
Material Topics 
Material Topic Risk Content 
Artificial Intelligence Conduct, Operational • See page 139 on ethical use of AI 
Biodiversity and nature Credit • See pages 60 to 118 for transition plan content including how nature 
is embedded into our considerations 
Climate change 
and transition 
Climate, Credit, Insurance 
Underwriting 
• See pages 124  to 131 covering ESG Credit risk and Scenario Analysis 
and 
• Page 132 for Scottish Widows risk management 
Cyber security 
and data privacy 
Operational • See page 136 on cyber security and data 
Financial crime Economic crime • See page 135 on Economic Crime Prevention 
Financial inclusion 
and resilience 
Credit, Conduct • See Financial empowerment chapter on pages 22 to 36 
Governance and conduct Conduct • Our governance structure is outlined on pages 119  to 122 of our 
sustainability report and pages 65 to 136 of our annual report
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  123 
  
See page 134 on conducting business responsibly and customer 
complaints, 139 for our approach to tax and 137 for whistleblowing 
Health and wellbeing 
of colleagues 
Operational • See the ‘Building an inclusive organisation’ chapter on 
pages 48
 to 59 
Human rights Conduct, Operational • See pages 14 1 to 142 and our modern slavery statement
Regional inequalities Conduct, Operational, Credit • Please refer to the ‘Regional development and communities’ chapter 
on pages 37
 to 47

[page 125]
Scenario analysis enables us to 
explore economic impacts and 
financial risks arising from climate 
change. This provides a way for us 
to assess potential implications of 
plausible future states under conditions 
of uncertainty, considering how the 
future might look if certain trends 
continue, or certain conditions are met. 
Internally, we use bespoke scenarios tailored to our 
business for some portfolios in addition to industry-
standard scenarios. We follow a set of principles laying out 
best practice and key considerations when we undertake 
climate scenario analysis, including determining use case, 
model selection, identification of credible external sources 
of data and governance. Climate scenario analysis is important 
to the Group as it can help to drive alternative views and 
insights to inform how we manage climate-related risks. 
The following sub-sections provide an overview of our 
current approach to climate scenario analysis across the 
Group, further examples of where we use scenario analysis 
are out
lined in our annual
 report and accounts  on page 151. 
We are continuing to develop our scenario analysis 
capabilities to support effective risk identification, 
assessment and management. Our approach is evolving in line 
with the relevant industry progress, data enhancements and 
regulatory developments, notably the Prudential Regulation 
Authority’s (PRA) expectations for managing climate-related 
financial risks as set out in Supervisory Statement SS5/25. 
Scenario pathways 
The scenarios are characterised by their overall levels 
of physical and transition risks, and each scenario 
explores a different set of assumptions about how 
climate policy, technology, emissions and 
temperatures evolve. 
We consider a range of forward-looking climate 
projections and methodologies, including: 
• Shared Socio-economic Pathways (SSPs) – 
projected socio-economic global changes up 
to 2100, as defined in the IPCC Sixth Assessment 
Report on climate change. These influence 
greenhouse gas emissions reductions and 
climate adaptation in scenarios with different 
climate policies 
• Representative Concentration Pathways (RCPs) – 
multiple pathways of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
and atmospheric concentrations, air pollutant 
emissions and land use covering a range of mitigation 
scenarios with varying degrees of stringency 
To help explain scenario choices, the diagram (above 
right) groups scenarios based on higher and lower-risk 
outcomes, dependent on climate policy and ambition. 
The impacts in the scenarios are influenced by both 
the level of emissions and the choice of pathway. 
There is of course a wide range of possible outcomes. 
Scenarios that have actions to reduce physical risk by 
limiting carbon emissions and the increase in surface 
temperature have varying levels of transition risk, 
depending on timing of action and socio-economic 
context of global cooperation and technological growth. 
Met Not Met 
Sudden and 
unanticipated 
response is 
disruptive but 
sufficient enough to 
meet climate goals 
Sudden and 
unanticipated 
response is disruptive 
but not sufficient 
enough to meet 
climate goals 
Start reducing 
emissions now in a 
measured way to 
meet climate goals 
Continue to increase 
emissions doing very 
little, if anything, to 
avert the physical risks 
Disorderly Too little, 
too late 
Orderly Hothouse 
world More orderly, globally cooperative socio-economic 
pathways have lower transition risk because they assume 
more coordinated actions, causing a higher rate of 
technological development. 
We consider scenarios across each of the quadrants in 
the diagram. Those with more orderly socio-economic 
context that minimise transition risk whilst reducing physical 
risk are considered as most conducive to achieving the 
transition, more disorderly narratives are also considered 
given the limited pace of transition witnessed to date. 
Application of scenario analysis 
As scenario analysis is by its very design subjective, we 
consider a wide range of scenarios and metrics to support 
our understanding of climate risk and to support decisions. 
Noting the challenges, this type of modelling is only one of 
several components in our climate risk management process 
and is not acted upon in isolation. 
We have identified interest in similar scenarios across 
multiple parts of the Group. For example, changes in physical 
risk could impact residential properties across the UK, which 
in turn could affect several activities including our general 
insurance, mortgages, social housing portfolios and 
commercial lending to property developers, amongst others. 
The following sections summarise analysis of physical and 
transition risk across our most material homes, Commercial 
Banking and investment portfolios. 
Physical risk 
Future climate changes are highly uncertain and depend 
on factors like environmental conditions and policy choices. 
We consider potential impacts from physical risks arising 
from changes in climate. These can either be acute (event 
driven such as floods or storms), or chronic (longer-term 
impacts such as rising sea levels or coastal erosion). 
These impacts are particularly relevant to our mortgage 
and household insurance books, which are predominantly 
UK based. Flood risk is likely to lead to the most material 
changes in risk to residential properties within the UK and 
is discussed in more detail below. 
Investment in flood defences along rivers and coastal 
defences, along with improved urban drainage systems, 
could help to mitigate some of the increased risk. Extending 
the Flood Re scheme beyond the current end date of 2039 
could potentially support the continuation of insurance 
provision to properties at high risk of flooding, particularly 
when considering scenarios where the increase in risk of 
flooding is high. 
Improving building standards could also increase the 
resilience of residential properties to heightened flood risk. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Risk management continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  124 
Climate models and scenario analysis

[page 126]
As raised in the Group’s sustainability report 2024, flood 
maps in Scotland historically could not be used for 
commercial purposes, and therefore we only had 
undefended flood risk views in the region. A successful pilot 
with local authorities in Glasgow now allows a defended 
view for certain communities in the area. We continue 
to liaise with SEPA and other local authorities to widen 
the availability of flood defence data across Scotland. 
The table above uses data from Twinn (by Haskoning) and 
shows UK mortgage lending by loan-to-value (LTV) band, 
and geographical region, with Twinn present day (combined, 
defended) flood score >60 identifying those properties 
at high/very high risk. 
This table demonstrates that the mean LTV for properties 
with high or very high flood risk has risen slightly in most 
regions of the UK, though this is in line with the regional 
portfolio mean LTV movements. 
There has also been an increase in the volume and 
proportion of properties identified with high or very high 
flood risk, due to the introduction of an improved address 
matching process. 
A sufficiently significant amount of previously non-matched 
properties is now returning a flood score, with the largest 
coverage uplift seen in London. 
There is significant regional variability in flooding impacts, 
and it should be noted that most properties are not materially 
impacted by flood risk. 
Flood risk is managed at origination with properties exposed 
to increased flood risk requiring a physical inspection; we do 
not lend on properties assessed as unsuitable collateral. 
In our 2024 sustainability report we summarised analysis in 
support of the ISSB proposal to disclose 1-in-100 year flood 
risk metrics, highlighting the need for a standard industry 
definition. We have not repeated for this year, however, 
will revisit in future disclosures once the UK Sustainability 
Reporting Standards requirements have been finalised. 
Transition risk 
We consider potential impact from transition risks due to 
societal changes or those associated with moving towards a 
low carbon economy and nature recovery, including changes 
to policy, legislation and regulation, technology and market, 
or legal risks from failing to manage the transition. 
Scenario impacts are influenced by the choice of pathway, 
total emissions and emission path. Selection choice will affect 
the level of transition risk as delays or changes in policies and 
other actions could lead to uncertainty or lack of market 
confidence, and therefore increased impacts. 
For our UK mortgage portfolio, we consider a range of 
hypothetical future extensions of Minimum Energy Efficiency 
Standards (MEES). These currently apply to domestic private 
rented properties only and therefore affect our Buy To Let 
mortgage customer. If similar standards were to also apply to 
owner-occupied properties, then the impact to our customers 
and the valuations of their properties would vary depending on 
several factors such as timing, minimum criteria, developments 
in heat pump viability and availability, the range of supporting 
initiatives and others. This methodology supports our IFRS 9 
impairment view of climate sensitivity, summarised in Note 21 
of our annual report of accounts. 
For our investment and lending portfolios, there are 
significant differences among the underlying sectors; this 
sectoral differentiation can be helpful in informing our 
strategy, especially when coupled with our view of the 
relative likelihoods of the scenarios and of the sectoral 
emissions profiles. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Risk management continued 
UK mortgage lending by LTV and geographical region 
Flood risk 
at high / very high risk 
Sep-25 
<=50% 
£m 
50%<=80% 
£m 
80%<=100% 
£m 
>100% 
£m 
Total 
£m 
Average LTV 
% 
Total 
%
Lending 
%
Av LTV 
%
 South East £20,531 £31,671 £10,200 £28 £62,429 46 19 4.1 47 
London £26,410 £36,662 £9,818 £44 £72,934 46 23 5.2 47 
Scotland £8,951 £12,210 £2,754 £13 £23,928 44 7 2.6 44 
North West £11,046 £12,177 £2,511 £9 £25,743 42 8 4.7 43 
South West £9,762 £13,052 £3,811 £7 £26,632 44 8 3.2 43 
West Midlands £8,508 £10,197 £2,721 £5 £21,431 42 7 2.1 42 
East of England £10,249 £15,856 £5,515 £19 £31,639 46 10 5.5 46 
Rest of UK £22,523 £27,511 £6,184 £75 £56,292 43 18 3 43 
Total £117,979 £159,336 £43,514 £199 £321,029 45 100 4.0 45 
Sep 24 £m £m £m £m £m % % % % 
South East £21,322 £30,781 £7,352 £24 £59,480 45 19 4 44 
London £27,479 £34,328 £7,471 £38 £69,316 44 22 4.2 45 
Scotland £8,479 £12,44
9 £2,838 £11 £23,778 45 8 2.4 44 
North West £10,942 £12,197 £2,143 £6 £25,288 41 8 4.3 42 
South West £10,333 £12,716 £2,616 £3 £25,667 42 8 3 41 
West Midlands £8,930 £10,022 £2,000 £3 £20,954 41 7 2.1 41 
East of England £10,614 £15,394 £4,048 £14 £30,070 45 10 5.4 44 
Rest of UK £22,670 £27,633 £5,342 £116 £55,761 42 18 2.9 42 
Total £120,769 £155,520 £33,810 £214 £310,313 43 100 3.7 43 
The volume of properties used for this table are c.70K lower than those used in our financed emissions reporting elsewhere, primarily due to excluding deedstore accounts. 
Data for Scotland is mainly based on undefended flood risk, noting the pilots referenced above seeking to address this.
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  125 

[page 127]
When considering the impact of transition risk on equities 
(see chart to the right), we assessed the impact of 
governments introducing different carbon tax paths that 
reduce carbon emissions to achieve net zero later in the 
century. Scenario 1 has emissions reducing from 1 January 
2022 and is based on scenarios used in 2022. Scenario 2 has 
actual but smaller emission reductions from 1 January 2022 
to 1 January 2025, with higher emissions reductions from 1 
January 2025. Both scenarios achieve the same total 
emissions by global region to 2050. 
The chart is based on projected equity values at 2050, and 
shows the impact of transition risk excluding: physical risk, 
socio-economic effects and currency movements, relative to 
the counterfactual projections that do not recognise climate risk 
at all. The sectors are broadly defined for these scenarios. 
Our modelling suggests that transition risk has increased 
between Scenarios 1 and 2. This arises because Scenario 2 
global emissions did not reduce in line with Scenario 1 
pathways before 2025 and hence scenario 2 requires a more 
rapid decarbonisation to achieve the same aggregate net 
emissions at 2050. 
Coal mining and gas, and oil are most sensitive to the 
transition to a low carbon economy and associated risks. 
In these scenarios, our modelling shows the impacts on these 
sectors and order of the sectors in the chart would change 
if we vary the term of the outlook, government policy actions, 
socio-economic context or the emissions paths noting 
multiple paths can achieve the same total emissions at 2050. 
More granular analysis suggests that within sectors, there 
is a wide range of returns by region. Our previous analysis 
published in our 2024 report shows that impacts within 
and across sectors can also be influenced by the climate 
transition plans of individual businesses. 
The margin of uncertainty in any translation of climate risk 
into economic impacts is wide and while we consider the 
approaches we take to be reasonable, we must recognise that 
our model outputs are indicative rather than definitive and 
treat them with appropriate caution. The challenges of scenario 
analysis should be considered when viewing this chart. 
Impact of transition risk on equities 
Scenario 1 Scenario 2Coal mining and gas 
Oil & manufacture of petroleum products 
Electric utilities 
Agriculture, forestry and fishing 
Transport 
Automotives, other manufacturing and other mining 
Remaining sectors 
Challenges of climate scenario analysis 
Unlike traditional models used in finance, climate scenario 
analysis explores hypothetical future outcomes to determine 
their potential impact. Therefore, it remains inherently 
subjective and requires a large number of assumptions, 
which need to be coherent in any given scenario. 
Scenario analysis is a powerful tool, with significant progress 
made in developing capabilities in recent years. However, 
while climate science itself is well developed, the analysis 
requires us to model the global economic impacts over 
several decades of climate risks. Inevitably, this involves 
simplifications and speculative judgements, for example: 
• We model government policy to affect a transition by 
means of a single, simple tax on emissions of greenhouse 
gases, whereas actual policy would also involve 
regulations and incentives 
• Climate scenario analysis covers carbon emissions but 
other aspects of sustainability, e.g. biodiversity and its 
climate transition interaction, are not currently addressed 
• Since there is no historical precedent, we must speculate 
on the impact of physical risk on economic output. It is 
arguable that for various reasons this risk is understated, 
for example, we make no explicit allowance for 
disruptions to supply chains or to political stability 
• Climate scenario analysis requires data for the assets, 
with varying coverage by portfolio. Where precise 
matching to a modelled sector has not been possible, 
we have adopted an appropriate proxy 
• The varying coverage and quality of data by portfolio 
affects our ability to generate or tailor scenarios for 
certain use cases. For parts of our lending portfolios, 
we rely on external scenarios, e.g. NGFS, acknowledging 
their limitations 
Inherent uncertainty in the earth’s systems and global 
actions additionally contribute to a relatively wide margin 
of uncertainty in these impacts, for example: 
• The wide range of temperature outcomes for given 
emissions path. Recent academic work may indicate that 
the temperature increases at the higher end of the range, 
therefore, carbon budgets to achieve Paris alignment may 
need to reduce 
• The severity of physical risk outcomes for a given 
temperature increase also have a range of estimates. In 
particular, physical risk events and global tipping points 
rely on multiple interconnected and uncertain drivers 
which amplifies the uncertainty of impacts 
• The rate of technological progress and social change is 
variable and can rapidly change 
While we consider the approaches we take to be reasonable, 
we must recognise that our model outputs are indicative 
rather than definitive and treat them with appropriate 
caution. The margin of uncertainty in any translation of 
climate risk into economic impacts is wide and there is 
no single agreed method used across the industry. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Risk management continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  126

[page 128]
Managing risk effectively is 
fundamental to our strategy 
At client and transactional level, ESG-related risks, including 
environmental, social and governance factors which may 
present financial implications for both the client and the 
Group, are assessed and embedded into our credit risk 
management framework in line with regulatory expectations 
and best practice. All lending decisions are based on a 
comprehensive credit risk assessment of potential borrowers 
which includes credit, financial and other factors as part 
of our broad multi-factor risk assessment framework. 
Throughout 2025, we enhanced our approach to assessing 
ESG-related risk within the credit risk process by adopting a 
more targeted, risk-based methodology for our Commercial 
Banking clients with whom we have a direct lending 
relationship. 
This approach recognises that ESG factors can have 
significant financial impacts on both our clients and 
the Group. 
Example of ESG-related risks and financial implications 
for the Group: 
• Environmental risks (e.g., climate change, biodiversity 
loss) can lead to asset devaluation, stranded assets and 
increased operational costs, impacting creditworthiness 
• Social risks (e.g., labour practices, community impacts) 
can result in litigation, reputational damage leading to 
loss of market share, and regulatory scrutiny, that may 
impact a client’s ability to operate 
High-emitting or resource-intensive sectors face elevated 
transition and physical climate risks, while sectors with 
complex global supply chains may encounter nature and 
social risks related to products, materials, labour practices 
and community impacts. 
These risks can increase the likelihood of borrower default 
and credit risk for the Group. By developing tailored ESG risk 
assessments, as part of our overall credit risk assessment we 
are able to identify and quantify these risks more precisely, 
embedding them into our multi-factor credit decision-
making framework. This enables us to proactively manage 
exposures, support clients in their transition journey, and 
ensure that our lending portfolio remains resilient in the face 
of emerging ESG challenges. 
The Group’s external sector statements detail our 
cross-sector and sector-specific criteria for managing 
environmental and social risks. These criteria are guided by 
international conventions, national legislation and leading 
industry standards and are embedded into the overall credit 
risk assessments. Clients and transactions are reviewed 
individually as part of a broad multi-factor risk assessment, 
ensuring decisions reflect both ESG-related risks and their 
financial implications. The Group’s external sector 
statements can be found 
here  
ESG credit risk indicator framework 
Our ESG risk indicator framework provides a structured and 
consistent methodology for identifying and assessing sector-
level ESG-related risks that could affect credit decisions. 
By embedding ESG considerations directly into our credit 
assessment process, the framework ensures that key factors 
such as exposure to climate-related risks, regulatory 
compliance, reputational concerns, and sector-specific ESG 
challenges are systematically evaluated for each client and 
transaction. Drawing on the latest quantitative emissions 
data and industry benchmarks – including the TNFD’s 
Priority Sectors and Global Canopy’s High Risk Sectors – 
as well as qualitative insights, the framework enables us 
to assess how ESG-related risks may influence a client’s 
financial resilience, ability to service debt, and long-
term viability. 
This approach supports more informed credit decisions, 
helps to identify clients or sectors requiring enhanced due 
diligence, and ensures our portfolio remains aligned with our 
risk appetite and ESG objectives. Additionally, by tracking 
progress against sector-level transition pathways, the 
framework allows us to monitor and respond to emerging 
risks that could impact credit quality over time. 
In 2025, the framework has been strengthened through 
input from external consultants, incorporating distinct 
environmental and nature-related risk parameters. For 
instance, environmental risk may involve water pollution 
from chemical discharge into rivers, while nature-related risk 
could include habitat fragmentation that reduces pollinator 
populations and impacts crop yields. These enhancements 
have increased the granularity of risk assessment and reinforced 
our ability to integrate ESG factors more effectively.
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Risk management continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  127 
ESG credit 
risk overview 
ESG credit risk identification 
and assessment framework 
Climate Environmental Nature Social and governance 
Sector decarbonisation progress 
ESG sector risk 
High Medium Moderate Low
ESG credit risk indicator sector framework 

[page 129]
ESG credit risk assessment 
Our ESG credit risk assessment enables us to evaluate 
a client’s or transaction’s exposure to a range of ESG-
related risks using our proprietary ESG tool. This tool 
encompasses climate, environmental and nature-related, 
social, governance and reputational factors each of which 
can influence a client’s resilience. Assessments are required 
at origination, and at specific risk trigger points subject 
to meeting certain exposure thresholds. 
We take a bespoke approach to ESG-related risk assessment 
for certain sectors and financial thresholds, recognising that 
the nature and materiality of ESG-related risks can vary 
significantly across industries. 
For example, we have developed tailored assessments 
for sectors such as SME real estate and agriculture, where 
specific ESG factors – like climate transition risk, land use 
and regulatory compliance – are particularly relevant. For 
clients in these and other sectors, our risk-based approach 
focuses on the most material ESG-related risks that could 
impact creditworthiness and long-term viability. This ensures 
that sector-specific assessments not only address unique 
challenges but also support strategic alignment with 
Group priorities, including affordable housing and net zero 
commitments. These assessments help identify and mitigate 
potential risks, enabling us to identify higher-risk cases that 
warrant enhanced due diligence in line with internal policies 
and standards, and overseen by our ESG credit risk specialists. 
These assessments form part of our broad multi-factor credit 
assessment, ensuring transparency and accountability and 
designed to identify and mitigate potential risks. 
Higher-risk clients and transactions are subject to enhanced 
due diligence, in accordance with internal policies and 
standards, with defined escalation routes overseen by ESG 
credit risk specialists. This process helps ensure that ESG-
related risks with potential financial implications are 
appropriately addressed within the credit decisioning. 
Climate 
Throughout 2025, we’ve continued to strengthen our climate 
transition risk assessments within the ESG tool. This includes 
developing bespoke assessments for housebuilders and 
property developers to align with industry best practice 
and expanding our SME coverage to include trading and 
healthcare sectors. 
studies and demonstrated the value of geospatial data in 
enhancing risk management and regulatory preparedness. 
Social and governance 
We have strengthened and enhanced our assessments across 
the SME portfolio to better identify, assess, and mitigate 
potential Social & Governance (S&G) risks. Our enhanced 
controls ensure that colleagues can escalate any concerns 
(such as those related to labour practices, or human rights) 
to ESG credit risk specialists for expert review. This is a key 
control in ensuring compliance with our external sector 
statements, including our Human Rights and Modern Slavery 
Statements, within our credit risk framework. Where 
relevant, our ESG risk assessments explicitly evaluate clients’ 
adherence to these standards, and any identified gaps 
or concerns are escalated for further due diligence. This 
escalation process ensures that S&G risks are systematically 
considered and appropriately assessed in credit decisions. 
Environmental and nature 
Agriculture and the built environment are our highest-
priority portfolios for nature considerations based on our 
latest nature materiality assessment. As a result, in 2024 
we launched a bespoke environment and nature assessment 
for agriculture. This year we launched our bespoke 
assessment for housebuilders and property developers 
that considers the most material nature-related issues 
for the sector, encouraging impactful conversation, and 
developing a meaningful understanding of our clients’ 
relationship with nature. 
In 2025, as part of our commitment to improving our 
understanding of, and managing nature-related issues we 
worked with Earth Blox, using its geospatial platform to 
produce a TNFD-aligned Proof of Concept pilot for our 
agriculture and commercial real estate portfolios. 
The geospatial mapping data helps us to further our 
understanding of how our clients both impact and depend 
on nature – the natural systems that support their long-term 
success – and where they face elevated nature-related risks 
such as in regions experiencing water stress or in areas of 
high biodiversity importance. This gives us a clearer picture 
of how our business is exposed to nature-related risks and 
opportunities. It has supported the development of case 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Risk management continued 
Identify risks and mitigation plans 
Climate 
• Clients progress on key 
pillars Governance – 
Board/senior 
management oversight 
• Strategy – Operational 
and strategic resilience 
• Risk Management – 
Client Transition Plan 
• Emissions Metrics 
& Targets 
• Clients’ involvement with 
key agricultural forest-risk 
commodities 
• Relevant certifications 
or memberships 
• Operating in high 
deforestation risk 
countries 
• Compliance with external 
sector statements 
• Regulatory obligations – 
including those related 
to human rights, 
modern slavery 
• Trade in high-risk goods 
and jurisdictions 
Environmental 
& Nature 
Social & 
Governance 
Assessments ensure alignment with our external sector statements, e.g. 
• Climate: energy & extractive industries 
• Environmental & Nature: forestry and agricultural commodities – outlining our approach 
to deforestation and land conversion 
• Social & Governance: gambling & adult entertainment
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  128 

[page 130]
Client and transaction management 
Following completion of ESG risk assessments, clients exhibiting 
elevated ESG-related risk are subject to enhanced due diligence, 
based on defined criteria. When ESG-related risks are identified, 
we work with clients to understand their transition strategies 
and the financial implications of these plans. This dialogue helps 
us assess whether clients have credible pathways to mitigate 
risks that could otherwise lead to increased likelihood of default 
or reduced collateral value. In specific circumstances, cases may 
be referred to external consultants for independent assessment 
of mitigants and recommendations. Our ESG credit risk 
specialists are responsible for providing a summary of key 
findings and recommendations from this process are 
incorporated into ESG risk assessments and considered 
as part of the credit decisioning process. 
Defined escalation routes are established. Where approval 
is required, escalation is directed to designated business 
representatives or the accountable executives of the 
relevant legal entity. 
Higher-risk sectors are subject to enhanced due diligence, 
reflecting the elevated ESG-related risks outlined in the 
Group’s external sector statements. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Risk management continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  129 
ESG credit risk management and mitigation 
Embedding ESG into the credit risk management framework 
01 
Credit 
application 
The relationship manager helps 
clients find suitable financial 
solutions while ensuring all 
lending meets credit policy, 
regulatory and external 
compliance requirements 
02 
Risk 
assessment 
Clients and transactions are 
classified based on their risk 
score, following completion 
of the ESG tool 
Risk score 
Low 
Moderate 
Medium 
High 
Key activity 
ESG credit risk assessment 
and scoring 
Consistent assessment across 
client peer group 
Enhanced due diligence 
For clients or transactions 
based on risk factors or 
trigger events 
Ongoing monitoring 
Client ESG risk assessments 
updated where new material 
information is identified 
03 
Enhanced 
due diligence 
Specific heightened risks are 
subject to enhanced due 
diligence as defined in internal 
policies and standards 
Review identified 
risk factors 
Client 
engagement 
Escalation to ESG 
credit risk team 
Independent review 
by ESG credit risk team 
04 
Resulting 
actions 
ESG credit risk team provides 
analysis and recommendation 
to support credit decisioning for: 
• Climate 
• Environmental & nature 
• Social & governance 
05 
Credit 
decision 
The credit officer conducts 
an independent review of the 
credit proposal, incorporating 
ESG credit risk insights into a 
comprehensive multi-factor risk 
assessment, while ensuring full 
compliance with relevant policies 
Examples of high risk sectors 
Energy & 
extractive 
industries 
Animal 
welfare & 
UNESCO sites 
Defence Gambling 
and adult 
entertainment

[page 131]
0 4,000 8,000 12,000 
2025 
2024 
0 4,000 8,000 12,000 
2025 
2024 
0 4,000 8,000 12,000 
2025 
2024 
0 4,000 8,000 12,000 
2025 
2024 
The Equator Principles 
The Group remains a committed signatory to the Equator 
Principles, a globally recognised risk management framework 
for identifying and managing environmental and social risks 
in specific project finance transactions. These typically 
include large-scale energy, industrial and infrastructure 
developments. By adhering to the Equator Principles, 
the Group ensures that transactions where it provides 
financing or advisory services meet minimum standards 
for environmental and social due diligence and monitoring, 
consistent with responsible banking practices. 
All transactions subject to the Equator Principles undergo 
enhanced due diligence. The ESG credit risk team is responsible 
for ensuring the correct application of the Group’s internal 
ESG credit risk policies and standards. This includes reviewing 
environmental and social due diligence reports, advising 
on specific Equator Principles requirements, and assessing 
annual or ad hoc environmental and social compliance 
reports, as applicable. 
To further support environmental risk assessments including 
those governed by the Equator Principles, the Group engages 
external environmental consultants. These experts provide 
additional advice or recommendations at both the counterparty 
and transaction level, helping to ensure robust and informed 
decision making. 
Monitoring 
Our ESG risk indicator framework is reviewed annually 
to ensure it remains effective in tracking ESG-related risks, 
opportunities, and sector-level trends across our portfolio. 
Following the expansion of ESG risk assessments across 
SMEs, coverage has continued to grow. We anticipate this 
coverage will evolve towards a more targeted, risk-based 
approach, reflecting our commitment to integrating 
ESG considerations into automated credit decisioning. 
This progression helps ensure our risk controls remain robust 
and aligned with our ESG framework, supporting our ongoing 
adaptation to new ways of serving clients. 
ESG risk assessments 
The number of clients completing an ESG risk assessment 
across Commercial Banking continues to increase. 
Climate 
Environmental and nature 
Social and governance 
Reputation
al risk 
Climate 
Insights from our ESG tool show that most corporate clients 
are actively advancing climate action, with detailed transition 
plans, net zero commitments, and clear investment in 
emissions reduction. There is a notable trend towards clients 
setting interim and long-term emissions reduction targets, with 
a significant proportion having reported progress in reducing 
emissions in recent years. Governance frameworks increasingly 
embed climate considerations, and many clients now externally 
verify their emissions disclosures. However, gaps remain in short-
term target setting, resilience assessments and emissions 
reporting for a minority of clients, highlighting areas for 
continued improvement. 
ESG tool: climate insights 
For our corporate coverage clients, insights 
from our climate risk assessments show 
positive progress in the percentage of clients 
taking action across key focus areas for 
managing climate risk, since implementing 
our ESG tool in 2021. 
Corporate coverage 2025 2021 
Governance 
Strategy 
Metrics and targets 
0% 25% 50% 75% 100% 
Environmental and nature 
Following the launch of our first environmental and nature 
assessments in 2024 for Corporate and Institutional Banking 
and SME agriculture clients, we have gained valuable insights 
into how clients are responding to their nature-related 
dependencies and impacts. These insights have helped shape 
our product and proposition development, enabling us to 
better support clients in their nature-related transitions. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Risk management continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  130


[page 132]
Over half of our Corporate clients are beginning to develop 
their approach to nature by assessing nature-related issues, 
integrating them into governance structures, and formulating 
strategies. Progress varies significantly across clients: some 
are only starting to evaluate their impacts and dependencies 
on nature, while others are actively managing these issues 
and setting targets. Our assessments have enabled strategic 
engagement with clients, helping to identify gaps in 
understanding and management of nature-related risks 
and supporting strategy development. 
We’re also looking to help our agriculture clients to 
manage nature-related risks and increase business resilience. 
This involves understanding their impacts and dependencies 
on nature, such as through our Farming with Nature report, 
combined with the mitigating actions they’re undertaking 
on the ground. Using these insights we are identifying 
opportunities to engage with our clients and provide 
targeted support to help their transition. 
Our assessments have shown us that many of our SME 
farming clients are already trying to understand how they 
can better farm with nature on their farm, with a focus on 
key themes like soil health, water and waste management, 
and biodiversity. 
Real-time monitoring 
Our oversight of ESG-related risk has been enhanced through 
the implementation of real-time monitoring systems, which 
enable immediate alerts where adverse media suggests ESG-
related risks are identified in relation to our clients, such 
as allegations of environmental harm, regulatory breaches, 
or human rights violations. This proactive approach allows 
us to identify emerging risks enabling early engagement with 
the client to reassess their risk profile and, where necessary, 
initiate enhanced due diligence or escalate concerns to ESG 
credit risk specialists. This process ensures that our credit 
decisions remain informed by the latest external intelligence 
and that our portfolio is resilient to regulatory, reputational 
and financial risks arising from ESG factors. 
Thematic reviews 
In 2025, we further enhanced our approach to assessing ESG 
within the credit risk management process by conducting 
comprehensive thematic reviews. These reviews go beyond 
routine control checks by taking a deep dive into specific 
ESG themes or risk areas – such as climate transition, human 
rights, or sector-specific exposures – across our lending 
portfolio. Through this process, we systematically evaluate 
the effectiveness of our existing controls, identify emerging 
risks, and benchmark our practices against industry best 
practice and evolving regulatory expectations. Thematic 
reviews also play a critical role in ensuring our credit risk 
framework remains agile and responsive to new ESG 
standards. Insights gained from these reviews are used 
to update policies, refine risk assessment methodologies, 
and strengthen training for colleagues involved in credit 
decisioning. By incorporating lessons learned and best 
practice from both internal experience and external 
developments, we ensure that our ESG risk management 
remains robust, forward-looking, and aligned with the 
Group’s strategic objectives. 
Retail Homes 
• Transition risk is embedded within credit decision
making, with EPC controls for both new and
existing buy-to-let lending, and property-specific
climate transition costs factored into residential
affordability assessments
• Physical risks, such as flooding, are assessed
during mortgage origination. Properties identified
as having elevated flood risk require a manual
inspection, with lending prohibited if deemed
unsuitable collateral 
• Established metrics manage climate risk exposure
by regulating the flow of less energy-efficient
properties using EPC ratings, and properties with
elevated flood risk using an external risk score
that assesses both likelihood and impact
• Our risk management approach reflects the
complexities of climate policy, data limitations and
modelling challenges. We continue to collaborate
with government bodies, agencies and schemes
such as Flood Re to mitigate flood-related risks,
and would welcome early certainty on Flood Re’s
future or alternative arrangements 
Retail Motor 
• We adopt a measured approach to EVs, reflecting 
ongoing technology developments, government policy 
and consumer demand, ensuring growth is reviewed and 
risks are managed, while supporting the transition from 
internal combustion engines to EVs 
• Risk appetite continues to be strengthened through 
investment in proprietary residual value forecasting 
capabilities to improve pricing model accuracy, 
supported by mitigation measures such as offering leased 
used EVs as a cost-effective and environmentally 
responsible alternative to new vehicle leases 
• For new partnerships, we apply ESG tool-based risk 
assessments to evaluate climate, environmental and 
nature-related, social, governance and reputational 
risks for large corporate clients. This ensures a 
consistent evaluation process across both 
Commercial Banking and Retail 
• We continue to collaborate with industry bodies to 
advocat
e for targeted government incentives that 
strengthen the second-hand EV market, recognising 
that without such support, growing supply could 
place downward pressure on residual values. For 
further details on how we consider residual value risk 
for retail motor (see page 163 of our 
annual 
report 
and accounts  for credit performance of UK Motor 
Finance) 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Risk management continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025 131 
ESG tool: Environmental and nature Insights 
For our SME Agriculture clients, insights from 
our Environmental & Nature risk assessment 
give us a baseline understanding of how many 
are assessing their environmental impacts, 
developing plans, and taking action. 
Client taken action 
or plan in place 
Assessed environmental 
impacts 
Not assessed

[page 133]
Within Scottish Widows Group, we 
recognise climate risk as a principal 
risk within our RMF. We recognise the 
cross-cutting impacts of ESG-related 
risk across other risks such as insurance 
underwriting, compliance, conduct 
and credit risk and are continuing to 
enhance our approach to consistently 
capture ESG considerations across our 
risk management framework. 
Our risk management framework aims to help us identify, 
measure, monitor, manage and report the financial risks 
related to climate change with regular reporting to the Board 
to enable timely decisions to be taken. As part of Lloyds 
Banking Group, Scottish Widows Group approaches climate 
risk management in a way that is consistent with our overall 
parent Group. 
As a cross-cutting risk, climate change impacts will emerge 
through our existing risks. We have a Lloyds Banking Group 
Climate Risk Principle supported by Implementation 
Guidance, and an Insurance Climate Risk Standard which 
sets out how we comply with the guidance. We expect 
to make further enhancements to our risk management 
framework under the PRA’s new Supervisory Statement 
5/25. I
n addition to this overarching guidance/standard, 
climate risk is also referenced as appropriate in other risk 
types and policies as shown in the Lloyds Banking Group 
annual report and accounts  pages 40 and 41. 
We have grouped our climate-related risks into broad 
themes, with risk appetite and controls in place to help 
manage the risks, shown on the right. 
Our key climate-related risks and examples of relevant controls are listed in the table: 
This is a sample of the key risks faced by Scottish Widows Group and is not exhaustive. It is intended to illustrate how we have further embedded climate-related risks into our framework. 
It continues to be reviewed and will evolve over time. 
Key risks and controls 
Risk description Risk appetite Key controls Time horizon Risk description 
Physical and transition risk 
for investments 
(across customer and shareholder assets) 
This risk reflects an aggregation of credit, 
conduct and external supplier risks relevant 
to the investment products 
Risk appetite Key controls Time horizon 
Inbound 
This risk is managed as we will seek to minimise physical and 
transition risks from climate risk in line with the Group strategy. 
However, the overall position is dependent on the availability 
of assets and prevailing economic environment and is therefore 
not fully within our own control 
• Due diligence around the selection and oversight of our external fund 
managers, including around ESG factors 
• Dedicated fund investment leads are responsible for all aspects 
of oversight, including review of climate-related risks and ESG factors 
and related data supplied by external fund managers 
• ‘ESG tool’ is completed as part of our credit risk assessment process 
for shareholder investments 
• Stewardship and exclusions policies, and external sector statements 
are in place to help manage transition risk in our investments 
Physical risk for general insurance 
This risk reflects the underwriting and 
insurance risks arising from climate risks 
• Weather modelling team of experts analyse trends in climate and weather 
patterns to inform models 
Inbound 
This risk is managed through our underwriting procedures as we will 
provide GI cover to properties that may be affected by the physical 
risks from climate risk given our strategic aim to protect customers • Sophisticated models have been developed to help inform underwriting 
decisions 
• Robust model governance process is in place around the creation and use 
of those models 
Compliance with Sustainability / ESG 
commitments including net zero 
This reflects an aggregation of compliance 
and conduct risks across our business 
This risk is managed as we wish to support and deliver all relevant 
external commitments. However, it is appreciated that achievement 
of these commitments may be reliant on many other parties and 
• External commitments framework in place to manage new commitments 
and track performance of existing commitments 
• Stewardship and exclusions policies set out how we seek to influence 
Outbound external factors and is therefore not fully within our own control the wider economy to move towards net zero 
• Emissions forecasting model in place to help track the pathways of our 
invest
ments to 2030 and 2050 targets under different transition and 
temperature scenarios 
‘Greenwashing’ risk 
This reflects an aggregation of compliance 
and conduct risks across our business 
This risk is not tolerated but it is understood that inadvertent • External commitments framework in place to govern new commitments 
Outbound 
breaches may occur and that we do not have control over potential 
greenwashing by third parties, including suppliers. We have controls 
to ensure that we do not make unfair or misleading climate-related 
claims in product, customer communication or marketing, which 
could lead to customers not receiving good outcomes from our 
products or services 
• ESG Claims Framework to assess and validate “ESG claims” in accordance 
with FCA anti-greenwashing rule and guidance 
• Training and “clause bank” in place to help create correct, clear and 
complete communications that are capable of being substantiated 
Disclosure and modelling risk 
Outbound 
This risk is managed. It is non-value adding but arises as we rely on 
models to make informed business decisions. We take a risk-based 
approach to reduce the risk. Material misstatement or omission within 
external disclosures and sustainability reporting is not tolerated. All 
processes and systems introduce an element of operational risk and 
whilst controls are in place to manage and minimise the risk, a balance 
is sought on overall cost effectiveness, simplification and agility 
• Annual disclosure process for ensuring production and governance 
of external reporting 
• Processes in place for ensuring data quality, coverage and methodology 
for climate-related data/metrics 
• Model governance process in place for validation of models, including 
climate-related models 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Risk management continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  132 
Scottish Widows risk management

[page 134]
Insurance underwriting risk 
Given the short-term nature of home insurance policies we 
are able to evaluate our view of risks regularly, and change 
our approach as risks develop to mitigate long-term exposure 
to climate risks. Our overall strategy is to continually review 
our acceptance criteria and pricing strategy for each risk 
based on both a short-term and long-term view. In-house 
expertise on physical risk is retained in the form of a dedicated 
weather modelling team. The team is comprised of specialists 
in hydrology, meteorology and probabilistic modelling who 
develop a baseline view of physical risk for the UK and conduct 
forward-looking climate stress testing on this. 
This team has been in place since 2016 and has monitored 
and applied climate change science onto the view of risk 
used for capital, pricing, reinsurance and planning. 
Financial management 
An assessment of climate-related risks for general insurance 
liabilities is integrated into our insurance model governance 
process. Climate change is identified as a key topic for model 
review and approval within this process, and specifically, 
the appropriateness of the view of risk for the weather perils 
in the context of climate change science. This view of risk is 
integrated into assessments of capital requirements, reserving, 
reinsurance and pricing. It also feeds into the quarterly exposure 
management where insurance portfolio exposure arising from 
weather-related perils is monitored and controlled. 
A third-party vendor model is used for the perils of inland 
flood, coastal flood and wind. The vendor model results are 
adjusted internally to better reflect our own exposure 
and experience. 
Catastrophe modelling 
The catastrophe weather model is a key component of 
the Scottish Widows Solvency II capital model. The results 
of the model by weather peril are used to inform the base 
rates for risk pricing. Accordingly, weather pricing models are 
used to inform how insurance premiums should vary across 
the book. The outputs are used to create a relative view of 
risk across the geographic domain of the book – i.e. how risk 
varies from location to location. The weather modelling 
team conducts a regular review of available research and 
models on climate change. 
Key metrics 
Many of our customers have been impacted by weather 
events in the last few years, specifically from events 
which have led to claims from inland flooding, coastal 
flooding and windstorm damage. Climate scientists predict 
that the frequency and severity of flooding could increase 
in coming years. 
For example, sea levels in the UK could rise by up to one 
metre by the end of the century
1. This size of increase 
would likely affect the frequency and severity of our claims 
experience. Being able to identify and monitor trends in the 
increased physical risks, through a variety of metrics, is 
therefore very important. 
Weather pricing models are used to inform how insurance 
premiums should vary across the book. We assign properties 
to risk bands to reflect the level of potential flood risk, with 
higher bands representing a higher risk of flooding. We can 
use this banding to manage our exposure in high-risk areas. 
Increasing the proportion of our portfolio in higher-risk 
bands could lead to significant increases in losses in the 
event of increasing severe events. 
1 Time-mean Sea-level Projections Update: Technical Note, Met Office, March 2023. 
In addition, we monitor actual weather-related losses 
against expected weather losses. The graph below 
(severe weather losses) shows actual versus expected 
average annual loss on a net of reinsurance basis and covers 
inland flood, wind, coastal flood and freeze. Actual weather 
losses performed better than expected from 2020 to 2021 
and from 2023 to 2025 due to relatively benign activity. 
However, due to the extreme cold weather in December 
2022, in addition to small windstorm losses, actual weather 
losses for 2022 exceeded expected losses. The expected 
weather losses is a long-term view, so there can be 
significant volatility depending on weather events. 
Percentage of insured properties which are in higher 
risk flood bands 
Dec Dec Dec 
2025 2024 2023 
Inland flood 2.4% 2.7% 2.7% 
Coastal flood 0.5% 0.5% 0.5% 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Risk management continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  133 
Our approach to general insurance 
140 
120 
100 
80 
60 
40 
20 
0 
Severe weather losses 
(Actual % of expected weather loss) 
PY: actual % of expected losses 
Expected 
Actual 
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025

[page 135]
We believe that conducting our 
business responsibly means operating 
sustainably and inclusively; meeting 
our legal requirements; and always 
considering our impact on our 
customers, colleagues, society 
and the environment. 
Customer conduct 
Our policy sets out our approach to ensuring that we are 
delivering good customer outcomes from the design of the 
product and distribution strategy through to the service we 
provide to our customers. This supports our adherence to 
regulatory requirements, such as the FCA’s Consumer Duty. 
• Everyone in the Group must focus on the outcomes we 
want to deliver for customers and to ensure that evidence 
and monitoring is in place to assess whether those 
outcomes have been achieved 
• We must act in good faith towards customers which 
is characterised by honesty, fair and open dealing and 
acting consistently with the reasonable expectations 
of customers 
• We must ensure that our products offer fair value to 
customers and that we assess the cost to the customer 
against the benefits they receive 
We have robust governance in place, under delegated 
authority from the Board, to provide oversight of the 
ongoing consideration of customer outcomes across the 
Group. We continue to evolve our data driven approach 
to monitoring and reporting on customer outcomes. 
Customer vulnerability strategy 
We deliver the customer vulnerability strategy by prioritising 
the right changes, ensuring effective implementation and 
maintaining consistent standards across the Group. You can 
learn more about our approach in the ‘Empowering a 
Prosperous Future’ chapter on 
pages 22 to 36. 
Upholding competition law 
We believe that consumers benefit from healthy competition 
between providers of financial services, and we compete 
actively and fairly, striving to offer excellent service and 
competitive products which meet our customers’ needs 
and provide good outcomes. 
The Group does not tolerate anti-competitive practices 
noting that these could lead to customer harm, interventions 
by competition authorities; or breaches of competition law, 
which may have a significant financial or reputational impact 
on the Group. We recognise that competition law is not 
intended to stifle legitimate business while also recognising 
that we must deal in good faith with all our trading partners, 
including our suppliers and competitors. 
Avoiding market abuse 
We implement and monitor adherence with market abuse 
and personal account dealing procedures that are aligned 
with the UK’s market abuse legislation. Market abuse, such 
as trading based on inside information or manipulating 
markets, is a criminal offence in the UK, the US and many 
other countries. Colleagues are personally responsible for 
ensuring that they comply with this policy and do not abuse 
the market. We have monitoring systems in place to detect 
instances of market abuse and procedures to ensure that any 
detected instances are dealt with swiftly and effectively. 
This includes procedures to identify and report suspicious 
transactions where relevant. 
Preventing complaints 
In 2025, Lloyds Banking Group continued its commitment 
to improving customer experience through its root cause 
analysis framework and feedback loop. 
The Group enhanced customer experiences through 
digitising journeys and delivering industry-leading fraud 
prevention, at the same time, customers made more 
payments year on year and showed increased demand 
for savings and service support. Within this context, 
complaints have risen this year driven by these factors. 
We saw increased volumes of complaints raised for Motor 
Commission during the year, which were paused pending 
the Supreme Court judgment and FCA redress scheme, 
which has now been consulted on. We expect these 
complaints to now be predominantly addressed as claims 
through the redress scheme. 
Complaints about financial difficulties, fraud, service quality 
disputes and investments have fallen this year, driven by 
digital journey enhancements and targeted experience 
improvements. We remain committed to learning from 
feedback, leveraging AI, and strengthening processes to 
reduce complaints and further improve customer experience. 
Responding to complaints 
As a minimum standard we aim to meet the FCA’s Dispute 
Resolution (DISP) rules and respond to non-payment 
complaints in eight weeks and payment complaints in 15 
days. 2025 was a challenging year due to increased demand, 
largely driven by third parties, and an increased focus on 
getting things right first time for our customers. 
Supporting efficiencies, we’ve continued to invest in new 
technology for our complaint handling experience. Our Retail 
business is proud to have launched Merlin, an AI-powered 
complaints frontend which reduces admin tasks making 
it easier for our colleagues to focus on what’s important, 
supporting our customers. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Risk management continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  134 
Conducting business responsibly Customer complaints

[page 136]
Every day, economic crime threatens 
our customers and society. Economic 
crime is not victimless, often resulting 
in irreversible impacts transcending 
financial loss for victims, their families 
and communities. 
We recognise the important role the Group plays in the 
detection and prevention of economic crime to protect 
our customers, communities and the integrity of the UK 
economy. We are committed to preventing the products and 
services we provide from being used to facilitate and commit 
crime, and we continue to invest and enhance our approach 
to keep pace with this evolving threat. 
Since 2024, economic crime has been elevated to a principal 
risk i
n the Group’s risk taxonomy to reflect its significance 
and importance to the Group. We conduct our activities 
with integrity, respecting our regulatory, ethical and social 
responsibilities to protect our customers. By adopting a risk-
based approach we focus on those customers, products, 
channels and jurisdictions that carry a higher risk of economic 
crime. For further information refer to the risk management 
section on page 179 in the 
annual
 report and accounts
Policy & Control Framework 
The Group’s approach to managing economic crime risk 
is founded upon a holistic Economic Crime Prevention 
(ECP) policy, which aims to ensure that risks are identified, 
monitored and mitigated on an active and ongoing basis. 
Our ECP policy sets mandatory requirements to which the 
entire Group must comply across the following key risk areas: 
• anti-bribery and corruption (ABC) 
• anti-money laundering (including counter terrorist 
financing and preventing the facilitation of tax evasion 
by associated persons) 
• fraud (including preventing fraud by associated persons) 
• sanctions 
Our mandatory requirements go beyond the minimum legal 
requirements and support best practice. 
The Group’s compliance with the ECP policy is continuously 
monitored from multiple perspectives, including oversight 
and assurance; the provision of management information; 
audit; and oversight by senior governance committees. 
We apply a range of automated tools and machine-aided 
techniques to monitor payments and transactions, and 
where necessary we will stop payments, close accounts and 
terminate relationships where activity is suspicious or cannot 
be appropriately explained. Potential relationships will be 
declined, and existing relationships terminated (where lawful 
to do so), where the level of economic crime risk is outside 
of our risk appetite. 
Anti-bribery and corruption 
As a Group, we will not tolerate acts of bribery or corruption 
committed by any of our employees, including the Board 
of Directors, and any third parties who act on our behalf. 
Our ECP policy requires that we comply with all relevant 
anti-bribery laws in the UK and abroad, including the UK 
Bribery Act 2010 and US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. 
The Group’s ECP policy requires that all colleagues act with 
integrity and fairness, including completing appropriate due 
diligence when pursuing or awarding business. This specifically 
prohibits the offering, giving, promising or receiving of money or 
other inducements, or any other inappropriate practice which 
might be perceived to improperly influence a person’s conduct 
in their professional or public duty. 
In the most recent Transparency International (TI) Corporate 
Anti-Corruption Benchmark in November, the Group maintained 
an ‘A’ rating. This benchmark measures and compares the 
performance of corporate (Anti-Bribery & Corruption) 
programmes in the UK using TI’s extensive anti-corruption 
expertise with input from experienced specialist practitioners. 
Failure to prevent fraud 
In September 2025 the new corporate criminal offence 
of failure to prevent fraud came into force. A Group-wide 
programme ensured preparedness for the new offence, with 
the ECP Policy & Standards updated, tone from the top 
cascaded and mandatory fraud training modules delivered. 
Training and awareness 
Our approach to training supports a culture of economic 
crime detection and prevention among all our colleagues, 
with deeper expertise in all specialist roles. We undertake 
annual mandatory colleague training covering key economic 
crime risks – anti-bribery, fraud, anti-money laundering and 
sanctions – as well as colleague awareness activities so 
everyone can understand the role that they play in tackling 
economic crime. We also undertake customer awareness 
to help them protect themselves from financial crime. 
The Group’s comprehensive economic crime prevention 
training programme is delivered and monitored via our 
Group-wide learning management system. 
Working with partners and law enforcement 
We recognise that tackling economic crime requires 
collective action. That’s why we actively collaborate across 
the public and private sectors, sharing intelligence and 
shaping best practice to strengthen detection and 
prevention. Our partnerships span UK Finance, Cifas, law 
enforcement agencies including the National Crime Agency 
and City of London Police, as well as key government 
departments and regulators. We are proud to support 
initiatives such as the Joint Money Laundering Intelligence 
Taskforce and Data Fusion, and we are leveraging the 
Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Act 2023 
to enhance our capabilities and contribute to a safer 
financial system for all. 
Pioneering use of criminal assets for fraud 
prevention 
The Group has extended its industry-leading approach of using 
seized criminal funds for UK-wide fraud prevention initiatives. 
The scheme is unique in the banking sector, with Lloyds the only 
UK bank using frozen, criminal funds in this way. 
This year, the funding will support fraud prevention initiatives 
by the UK Home Office, Stop Scams UK, the Dedicated Card 
and Payment Crime Unit (DCPCU), Age UK and We Fight 
Fraud. These initiatives will help drive prevention through 
supporting cross-sector data sharing, investigations, 
activities to disrupt criminal networks, further education 
and victim support. 
Funding given to the Dedicated Card and Payment Crime 
Unit (DCPCU) has secured 123 arrests and led to the seizure 
of £3.2 million in criminal assets between 2022 and 2025. 
It has also helped We Fight Fraud to collaborate with 
universities and learning institutions to deliver training 
to prevent young people becoming money mules and 
engaged in economic crimes. 
Protecting our customers, communities and the integrity 
of the UK economy from the devastating impacts of 
economic crime is a top priority at Lloyds Banking Group. 
We are committed to remain an industry leader in efforts 
to make the UK a hostile place for economic crime through 
our partnerships with the City of London Police and other 
parts of law enforcement, as well as our continuous focus 
on investing in innovative ways to fight fraud. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Risk management continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  135 
Economic crime prevention

[page 137]
Cyber security and resilience 
Our customers trust us to keep their money and personal 
data safe. To protect both, the Group defends against cyber-
attacks through sophisticated technologies and capabilities. 
We deploy a threat-led approach, focused on enhancing 
our preventative, detective and responsive controls. 
For our customers this means: 
• Being able to access their money and financial products 
safely in our apps and websites, protected by our built-
in security 
• Support and education to keep them safe from cyber 
security and fraud threats whilst promoting the importance 
of secure behaviours through learning campaigns and 
regular communication 
• Keeping their personal data safe within our robust security 
control environment 
The Group monitors various threats and technologies, 
like Geopolitical Threat Actors, Digital Innovation and 
Transformative Technologies. We regularly test our cyber 
resilience and playbooks ready to respond to cyber-attacks 
including conducting red teaming exercises (both independent 
and internal) to test our threat responses capabilities and 
continuously improve our defences. 
Compliance and controls 
The Group has achieved Cyber Essentials+ certification and 
encourages our suppliers and other third parties to also gain this 
government-supported certification. The Group utilises a range 
of best practice guidance as inputs to our Security Policy 
Frameworks including the National Institute of Standards and 
Technology (NIST) cyber security framework, ISO 27000 and 
PCI DSS. Furthermore in 2025 the Group obtained ISO 27001 
certification for ‘LBG’s management of information security 
in relation to the delivery of BACS Credit Transfers, CHAPs 
Payments and Digital Banking Log-on (Commercial Customers)’. 
The Group seeks and attains appropriate information security 
insurance, which is reviewed on an annual basis. 
In addition, we undertake horizon scanning to proactively 
identify updates to the framework and opportunities to 
respond to regulation, alongside our annual policy refresh cycle. 
In 2025, the Group achieved external validation of our security 
controls for the period 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024, through an 
assessment of their design and operational effectiveness in the 
form of a System and Organisation Controls (SOC2) report. 
This covered our client-facing businesses in Commercial 
Banking, Lex Autolease, Lloyds Bank Capital Markets (LBCM), 
Insurance, Pensions and Investments. 
Governance 
Cyber security maintains a high level of focus up to Board level. 
Regular updates to the Board and Group Risk Committees are 
supported by a quarterly Board sub-risk forum focused on cyber 
security, IT resilience and operational resilience. Cyber and data 
security also form part of the Group’s wider operational 
resilience framework. Embedding a culture of resilience and 
security across colleagues and key third parties is a focus area for 
the Group. The Group maintains strong and practised incident 
management frameworks. We continue exercising our incident 
management frameworks and teams upwards to Board level, 
with a focus on cyber security scenarios and threats. 
Colleague training 
Group colleagues and contractors must complete an 
annual mandatory four-part security training programme, 
highlighting the key threats and risks that colleagues face 
and advising on how to mitigate them. There are also 
a variety of training resources available such as: 
1. Phishing simulation programmes tailored to each 
colleague’s risk profile and training colleagues to spot 
phishing emails with additional guidance as necessary 
2. Videos, articles, Viva Engage posts and newsletters 
on our Safe & Secure channels 
3. A monthly webcast and popular online community 
4. Bespoke presentations, event activations and videos 
The team works with industry partners to continue to foster 
an attitude committed to acting securely rather than solely 
compliance. We are proud to have several highly skilled cyber 
security specialist education colleagues committed to 
maintaining and improving our cyber capabilities. 
Cyber benchmarking 
The Group undertakes a regular cyber benchmarking 
exercise, in conjunction with an independent consultancy, to 
understand and improve our cyber capabilities. This exercise 
continues to give us feedback on how our strategic focus 
areas compare against peers and ensures we continue 
to challenge ourselves to develop. 
Collaboration 
The Group recognises that cyber security is a material issue 
impacting our entire sector and we collaborate externally, 
working in conjunction with both our peers and the 
government on initiatives such as: 
• The Financial Sector Cyber Collaboration Centre 
• The UK government’s National Cyber Security Centre 
• The Cross-Market Operational Resilience Group 
• The Cyber Defence Alliance (CDA) 
Data privacy 
The Group takes the responsibility of managing our customers’ 
and colleagues’ data seriously and values the trust placed upon 
us to ensure each individual’s personal data is managed lawfully, 
fairly and in a transparent manner. We understand how 
personal data enables the delivery of good outcomes and how 
important our safeguards are for preventing customers and 
colleagues from foreseeable harm. The Group demonstrates 
accountability to data subjects and regulatory expectations 
through policy, process and controls, which we continually 
evolve to ensure individuals’ personal data rights are respected 
in all the moments that matter, which includes ensuring: 
• Collected and processed personal data is limited to what 
is necessary, processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent 
manner 
• Personal data is collected for a specific, legitimate, 
adequate and necessary purpose 
• The risk posed to our data subjects is assessed, 
monitored, and escalated when necessary 
• Processes are in place to facilitate the data subjects’ 
individual rights 
• Personal data is processed with appropriate protection 
against unauthorised or unlawful processing, and against 
accidental loss, or damage 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Risk management continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  136 
Cyber security and data privacy

[page 138]
Speak Up and whistleblowing 
We are committed to sustaining a culture where everyone 
feels safe, supported, and empowered to speak up if they 
see or suspect behaviour that could harm our customers, 
colleagues, communities or our business. 
Speak Up is the Group’s whistleblowing framework, providing 
a confidential or anonymous channel for people to report 
concerns if they feel unable to raise them with their manager. 
Reports can be made in several ways, including online 
or via phone through an external third party, available 24/7, 
in a range of languages. 
All concerns received through Speak Up are taken seriously 
and assessed to determine the most appropriate action. 
Where investigations are required, these are carried out by 
experienced investigators. The identity of anyone who raises 
a concern will not be shared beyond our Speak Up team 
(unless required by law). Anyone reporting a concern or 
involved in an investigation is supported throughout the 
process. We are committed to preventing and addressing 
any form of retaliation resulting from someone raising 
a Speak Up concern. 
Commitment to a Speak Up culture 
We expect high standards from everyone who works with 
us. Our Group Speak Up Policy sets out our commitment 
to a culture where colleagues feel safe and supported to 
raise concerns. For third-party suppliers, the Speak Up Policy 
Summary outlines our expectations – including the requirement 
to provide regular training and clear communication on how 
their employees can raise concerns, including directly 
through Lloyds Banking Group channels. 
The Speak Up Framework is managed by the Speak Up team 
within Group Audit. The team maintains a comprehensive 
education and awareness plan to promote confidence in the 
Speak Up service and is responsible for the delivery of annual 
Speak Up mandatory training to all colleagues. A separate 
pathway for line managers reinforces the critical role leaders 
play in building and sustaining a culture, where speaking 
up is valued. 
The Group places strong emphasis on the capability 
of its Investigators, supported by a robust Training and 
Competency Framework. The Group actively engages with 
industry events and forums, sharing best practices and 
helping to shape whistleblowing culture across the industry. 
Speak Up governance 
Sarah Legg, a Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Group 
Audit Committee, serves as the Group’s Whistleblowing 
Champion. The Champion oversees the integrity, 
independence, and effectiveness of the Group’s Speak Up 
arrangements. Sarah sponsors an Annual Whistleblowing 
Report to the Group Board. The Group Audit Committee 
also receives regular updates on the effectiveness of the 
Speak Up framework, including case volumes, emerging 
trends, investigation outcomes and actions taken. Insurance 
and Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets have also appointed 
Whistleblowing Champions who oversee whistleblowing 
arrangements within those sub-groups. 
Partnership with Protect 
We are proud to be a long-standing member of Protect, the 
UK whistleblowing charity. We signpost Protect’s free advice 
line to our colleagues, suppliers and third parties. The Group 
collaborates with Protect to benchmark and develop Speak 
Up initiatives, and share ideas with other members. 
In 2025, we were pleased to sponsor Protect’s research into 
how attitudes to whistleblowing differ across generations in 
the workplace. This was launched at a cross-industry event 
to mark World Whistleblowers Day 2025, held at our head 
office and online which attracted 400 attendees. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Risk management continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  137 
Whistleblowing
2025 key statistics 
Concerns raised 
through Speak Up 
656 
2024: 607 
Number 
referred for 
Investigations 
76 
2024: 112 
Number resolved 
through Speak Up 
triage team 
318 
2024: 282 
Number of 
investigations 
closed 
85 
2024: 102 
Number referred to 
other processes 
(e.g. HR or line management) 
267 
2024: 208 
Number of investigations 
closed which were 
substantiated 
48 
2024: 51 
% of investigations 
closed which were 
substantiated 
56% 
2024: 50% 
1 Includes five concerns raised in 2024 
and investigated in 2025. 
2 Includes 21 investigations opened in 
2024 which were closed in 2025. 
1 2

[page 139]
Responsible and sustainable sourcing 
We work collaboratively with our suppliers to ensure the 
way in which we source goods and services aligns with the 
Group’s purpose, continuously improving our approach 
where required. 
With responsible and sustainable sourcing playing a vital role 
in how we operate, our Business Sourcing Process sets out 
the key steps required when we select and contract with 
a supplier. There is also a defined Sourcing & Supplier 
Management Framework which enables the ongoing risk 
management of a supplier in line with the Group’s risk appetite. 
The risks associated with any arrangements with internal 
and external suppliers must be managed in compliance with 
the Group’s risk policy framework. Business Units and Group 
Functions are accountable for ensuring all external supplier 
relationships comply with all relevant Group policies. 
We have a robust set of processes and tools that facilitate the 
identification, assessment and mitigation of applicable risks. 
• Supplier due diligence – Before selecting a supplier, we 
follow a due diligence process which evaluates them 
against key criteria across applicable risk domains. 
This includes compliance with the Code of Supplier 
Responsibility, and Financial Services Supplier Qualification 
System (FSQS) completion for managed suppliers 
• Code of Supplier Responsibility – The key social, ethical 
and environmental values and behaviours that we expect 
suppliers to meet or exceed are set out in our Code of 
Supplier Responsibility (the Code). The Code is reviewed 
at least annually and updated to ensure it remains 
appropriate, relevant and applicable for our external 
suppliers. For further information refer to 
the Code 
• Managed suppliers and FSQS – The Group subscribes 
to FSQS, which is currently used by c.70 financial 
institutions. This is one of the tools we use to assess policy 
compliance, which forms an integral part of our supply 
chain management activity for new and existing suppliers 
• Supplier assurance – An annual programme of supplier 
reviews is carried out through the Group’s dedicated 
supplier assurance team, focusing on suppliers with the 
highest risk exposure to the Group on topics including 
resilience, cyber, data privacy and customer risk 
• ESG-related risk assessment – To further understand 
our ESG-related risks we use EcoVadis’ predictive 
sustainability analysis, gaining insight on the following key 
themes across our core supply base: environment, labour 
and human rights, ethics and sustainable procurement. 
We also ask our key suppliers to undertake an EcoVadis 
assessment as part of our Emerald Standard, see 
page 72. 
Embedding ESG into sourcing 
and supplier management 
We continue to strengthen ESG integration across 
sourcing and supplier management, with progress reflected 
in improved benchmarks, fair payment recognition, and 
a supply chain inclusion strategy. 
Benchmarking 
• As part of the Group’s annual EcoVadis assessment 
completion, we achieved a Sustainable Procurement 
score of 76, an increase from 60, out of a score of 100 
• The Group achieved an A rating (the best possible score) 
for CDP Supplier Engagement, maintaining our leadership 
position in implementing current best practices 
• The Group improved our CCLA benchmark score this 
year, assessing how companies tackle modern slavery, 
highlighting the positive impact of our collaboration with 
Unseen UK. This includes strengthening our understanding 
of modern slavery risks in our supply chain, and as a result 
enhancing our practices to mitigate them 
Fair Payment Code 
The Group was among the first major UK retail banks to 
achieve Gold Tier status in Cohort 1 of the Fair Payment 
Code, the government’s new standard for fair and timely 
supplier payments, designed to set ambitious benchmarks 
and strengthen trust across supply chains. 
In 2025 several of our legal entities (including Lloyds Bank, 
Lloyds Bank General Insurance, Bank of Scotland, MBNA, 
Lex Autolease, and Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets) also 
received the Good Business Pays Fast Payer Award which 
recognises consistent fast payers. This marks the fifth 
consecutive year the Group has been recognised, placing 
us in the top 10% of UK large corporate legal entities 
achieving the Good Business Pays threshold. This includes 
paying suppliers, on average, within 27 days or less and 
paying 95% or more of our invoices on time. 
Supply chain inclusion 
We recognise the role we play in ensuring our supply chain 
reflects the society we serve, enabling equal opportunity 
for all. In 2025, our supply chain inclusion activity focused 
on building a holistic and sustainable strategy – ensuring 
our people, processes and technology actively support 
an inclusive supply chain. This strategy is anchored on 
three core pillars: 
• Enablement – embedding inclusion through measurable 
KPIs, system enhancements, and training for sourcing 
teams to make inclusive procurement standard practice 
• Supplier Development – supporting diverse suppliers 
with capability-building programmes, guidance on 
meeting Group standards, and creating pathways for 
long-term partnership 
• Engagement – driving awareness and collaboration both 
across the Group and externally through industry forums, 
advocacy partnerships and supplier outreach initiatives 
Focus will be on gaining insight into our supplier base in 
2026, which will continue to drive these three pillars. 
Supporting suppliers 
We remain committed to strengthening supplier capability 
through targeted training and dedicated programmes that 
enable shared progress across our supply chain. 
Regulatory awareness 
In 2025, to support awareness of the risk of modern 
slavery, we’ve made our Modern Slavery in the Supply Chain 
training available to our managed suppliers. This training was 
developed in collaboration with anti-slavery charity, Unseen 
UK. In addition, we held a dedicated virtual session for 
suppliers in partnership with Unseen UK to share expertise 
on sector vulnerabilities and emerging risk trends. The 
session also covered reporting mechanisms, escalation routes 
and practical ways to improve supply chain engagement 
beyond Tier 1. We will continue to support suppliers on this 
topic in 2026, by sharing a supplier-specific version of our 
new training which includes AI-powered scenarios that 
stimulate real-life situations. 
Executive Supplier Summit 
In July 2025, we convened our Executive Supplier Summit, 
bringing together c.170 senior leaders from our most strategic 
suppliers, each integral to delivering the critical products 
and services that power the Group’s success. The event 
showcased our future vision and priorities – spanning Group 
strategy, security and regulatory readiness, and cutting-edge 
technology and innovation. Attendees also engaged with 
immersive installations highlighting our commitments to 
environmental sustainability and empowering underserved 
businesses, reinforcing the shared responsibility and 
ambition across our supply chain. 
Looking ahead 
We are proud of our journey so far, implementing processes, 
policies and frameworks aligned to sourcing goods and services 
in an ethical, inclusive and sustainable manner. Being aware 
of the work still to do and the evolving landscape around us, 
we are committed to further integration across sourcing and 
supplier management, whilst seeing value in the potential 
impact of emerging technologies in enabling greater 
transparency throughout the supply chain. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Risk management continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  138 
Our suppliers

[page 140]
The Group continues to recognise 
Artificial Intelligence (AI) as a powerful 
tool for unlocking value and operational 
efficiency for our customers and 
colleagues, while remaining ethical 
and sustainable in our practices. 
In 2025, the Group advanced its AI governance by 
launching AI Assurance Framework, which covers the 
Group’s appetite towards emerging and novel AI risks. 
This framework builds on our ethical principles and now 
includes enhanced coverage of environmental risks, agentic 
AI controls and guardrails for generative tasks. 
Over the past year, we have used AI-powered solutions 
to support us in a range of areas including: 
• Understanding customer complaints and behaviours 
• Exploring insights from unstructured data sets 
• Improving the quality of our learning and 
development offerings 
• Strengthening our economic crime prevention controls 
Improving the customer experience 
By leveraging AI for customer-focused financial services, 
the Bank aims to improve customer access and engagement 
across the board, including empowering customers in 
underserved communities. 
In 2025, we expanded our use of Large Language Models 
(LLMs). We also started exploring pathfinding agentic 
AI use cases. These have the potential to be integrated 
as conversational extensions inside our mobile customer 
banking applications, where they can support customers 
with tailored financial information navigation, while 
operating within defined ethical boundaries and autonomy 
safeguards. We also: 
• Continued to develop our customer feedback tool, allowing 
customers to share how useful our support has been 
• Enhanced our chat summariser tool, helping colleagues 
respond to queries quickly and accurately 
• Invested further in Aveni.ai, supporting secure AI tools 
that detect customer vulnerabilities during calls 
Managing the sustainability impacts of AI use 
The Group recognises the potential of AI-powered banking 
to create both inclusive and disruptive sustainability impacts. 
In 2025, we proactively invested in upskilling colleagues and 
senior leaders on generative AI, its emerging applications in 
financial services and potential ethical implications. 
We worked with Small Language Models (SLMs) to reduce 
environmental footprint while maintaining performance. 
One example is the address matching use case, which 
supports compliance with PRA requirements by accurately 
matching customer addresses using lightweight AI models 
with lower compute demands. We continue to develop our 
capability to identify AI model impacts such as 
environmental impacts on our broader net zero targets 
and performing the TNFD LEAP assessment of our data 
centres through diagnostic tools and methodologies. 
The Group’s Responsible AI team continues to align our 
AI initiatives with sustainability ambitions, supporting both 
technological advancement and environmental responsibility. 
Where possible, we use existing methodologies to monitor the 
efficiency of upstream data centres and their use of renewable 
energy sources in those locations. 
Use of artificial intelligence by our suppliers 
Artificial intelligence is increasingly used by third-party 
suppliers in the products and services they provide to the 
Group. We expect suppliers to apply the same standards 
to AI-enabled solutions as those we apply within our own 
operations. We engage with suppliers to understand 
their approach to monitoring performance and address 
emerging risks. Suppliers are expected to ensure appropriate 
governance, transparency and oversight of AI, particularly 
where its use may affect customers or colleagues. This 
includes managing risks relating to fairness, bias and 
explainability, and supporting fair customer outcomes. 
Tax is one of the ways in which 
businesses contribute to the societies 
in which they operate, and we have 
been among the UK’s highest payers 
of corporate taxes for several years. 
In 2025, we paid £2.8 billion of cash taxes primarily on business 
profits, VAT on goods and services needed to run our business, 
bank levy and employer social security on staff wages and 
salaries. In addition, we collected £2.1 billion of cash taxes 
primarily from payroll and customer product taxes. 
Appropriate, prudent and transparent tax behaviour is a key 
component of being a responsible business. We comply with 
the HMRC Code of Practice on Taxation for Banks. 
We do not interpret tax laws in a way that we believe is 
contrary to the intention of Parliament, and we do not 
promote tax avoidance products to our customers. 
Further information on the Group’s approach to tax can be 
found in our tax strategy and approach to tax report 2025. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Risk management continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  139 
Ethical use 
of Artificial 
Intelligence 
Investments and pensions 
Scottish Widows first introduced AI as a formal 
stewardship theme in 2023, recognising its growing 
relevance to corporate governance, long-term value 
creation and systemic risk. In 2025, Scottish Widows, 
published a dedicated AI paper outlining stewardship 
priorities and the governance gaps we believe need 
urgent attention. This includes a focus on transparency, 
regulatory uncertainty, and concentration
 of power in 
the AI ecosystem. The publication provides a foundation 
for ongoing dialogue, and a link is available 
here 
Our approach 
to tax

[page 141]
The Group continues to monitor 
the evolving sustainability reporting 
landscape. This section details activities 
undertaken to date to prepare for 
upcoming regulatory reporting changes. 
International Sustainability Standards Board 
The Group responded to the UK government consultations 
in September 2025, on UK Sustainability Reporting Standards 
(UK SRS), the UK version of the International Sustainability 
Standards Board (ISSB) standards. We have conducted gap 
analysis against UK SRS1 – General Requirements and UK SRS2 – 
Climate-related disclosure. We continue to take steps to 
enhance our current reporting in readiness for anticipated 
mandatory reporting under UK SRS in the future. 
Supervisory Statement SS5/25 
In December 2025, the PRA published Supervisory Statement 
SS5/25, outlining updated supervisory expectations for how 
firms manage the financial risks related to climate change. 
The Group’s current activity and plans are directionally aligned 
with the new expectations, which build on previous guidance 
and provide further specificity. The Group continues to refine 
its plans to ensure continuing development of climate risk 
management capabilities in line with external expectations, 
notably for climate scenario analysis. 
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive 
The EU’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive 
(CSRD) mandates reporting in accordance with the 
European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) and the 
EU Taxonomy. The 12 EU Sustainability Reporting Standards 
have a multi-stakeholder focus, covering the full range of 
environmental, social and governance topics, using double 
materiality instead of financial materiality. 
Our legal entities in Germany and Luxembourg were 
expected to start CSRD reporting on a legal entity basis 
in 2025, but legislative delays and the Omnibus package 
has changed the scope and timing of this regulation. 
The Group continues to monitor EU regulatory changes and 
expects to report in line with requirements at a Group level 
as a non-EU parent company in the financial year 2028. 
Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence 
Directive 
The Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD) 
interacts with the CSRD requiring large companies to carry out 
due diligence to identify and address the adverse human rights 
and environmental impacts of their operations, subsidiaries and 
value chains. While the Group is currently not directly in scope 
for the CSDDD, we continue to monitor the adoption and 
revision of the CSDDD within the EU to assess any implication 
this may have on the Group and its subsidiaries. 
California Assembly Bill 
The Group is assessed to be in scope of California Assembly 
Bill (AB 1305) which requires disclosure on net zero, carbon 
neutrality and emission reduction claims, as well as voluntary 
carbon offsets purchased, used, marketed or sold in California. 
Our mapping against these requirements can be found in our 
sustainability reporting framework index 2025 noting we are 
not engaged in any offset activity in California that would 
require disclosure. 
Taskforce on Nature-related Financial 
Disclosures 
The Group continues to monitor Taskforce on Nature-
related Financial Disclosure (TNFD) developments within 
the UK and Europe, noting a commitment by ISSB to 
consider a nature-related disclosure standard. Nature is 
integral to our overall environmental sustainability approach 
aligned to the four pillars of: Strategy, Governance, Risk 
Management and Metrics & Targets. The Group continues 
to signal progress towards TNFD recommended disclosures, 
highlighting our commitment to demonstrate nature 
progress where appropriate. 
Sustainability disclosure requirements and 
investment labels 
Scottish Widows reviewed the FCA’s ESG 4 and 5 provisions 
on labelling and marketing as they apply to our business. 
We reviewed our existing processes and controls on the anti-
greenwashing rule and have introduced new processes and 
controls. We have prepared new consumer-facing disclosures 
to comply with the ESG naming and marketing rules for the 
one retail fund meeting the relevant criteria. While the fund’s 
approach invests in line with sustainability themes, it does 
not currently have a sustainable investment objective, as 
specified by the FCA. Therefore, we have not applied to the 
FCA for a sustainability investment label. We will continue 
to monitor requirements as the FCA’s rules evolve to include 
other parts of our business. 
Evolving legal and regulatory expectations 
The Group continues to monitor evolving ESG-regulatory 
expectations as well as negative stakeholder sentiment 
regarding ESG across the jurisdictions it operates in, 
including the US. Although the Group seeks to comply with 
the local laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which 
it operates and adapts its ESG-related policies and practices 
accordingly, these trends and their impact on the Group are 
difficult to predict and may result in reputational harm, 
litigation and other adverse legal consequences. 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Risk management continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  140 
Regulatory and supervisory developments


[page 142]
In 2025, we updated our Group 
Human Rights Position Statement. 
Our updated Human Rights Position Statement  consolidates 
our approach to managing human rights across our operations 
and business relationships. We have identified the most salient 
human rights risks in our value chain and continue to embed 
respect for human rights into our core business activities. We 
regularly review our operations to identify gaps and strengthen 
measures to prevent, detect and mitigate potential risks. This 
ongoing work supports our ambition to align with international 
standards and ensure consistent, effective management of 
human rights risks across the Group. 
Improving oversight of human 
rights impacts 
In 2025, we enhanced the Group’s process for reporting 
suspected cases of modern slavery, providing clear 
signposting and guidance for our colleagues and suppliers 
to the supported pathways available to raise concerns. 
We have linked to the Group’s Speak Up channel, 
enabling internal review and where appropriate, referral 
to external authorities such as the National Crime Agency, 
the Gangmasters and Labour Abuse Authority and Unseen 
UK. For more information on these enhancements, 
please see our 
2025 Modern Slavery Statement  
We recognise that strong community relationships are 
built not only on dialogue, but also on how effectively 
concerns are heard and understood. Guided by the 
expectations of the UN Guiding Principles on Business 
and Human Rights (UNGPs), we have developed a 
dedicated channel and criteria – accessible via our 
Group website – for communities to raise concerns 
where they believe activities linked to our direct 
commercial lending within the UK may have impacted 
their human rights. Upon review and where appropriate, 
submissions that meet the criteria for a community 
concern are taken forward for consideration by the 
Group to ensure early engagement, transparency 
and responsiveness on these issues. 
We continue to work with Unseen, a UK anti-slavery 
charity, to deepen our understanding of modern 
slavery risks within our supply chain and enhance 
our colleague training. 
Training our colleagues 
We provide Group-wide modern slavery training 
available to all colleagues to raise awareness of modern 
slavery, enhance the understanding of how it affects 
our business, and equip colleagues to identify concerns 
and support survivors. In 2026, we plan to reinforce 
the importance of the issue by making this training 
mandatory for all colleagues. 
As part of our mandatory Economic Crime Prevention 
training, colleagues complete a module focused on the 
laundering of funds from modern slavery, highlighting 
how exploitation may occur through control of bank 
accounts or identity documents. 
In 2025, we delivered training for the Group Board on 
human rights and modern slavery risks. This supports 
senior leaders in making informed decisions aligned 
with our purpose-driven strategy and legal obligations, 
including the Modern Slavery Act 2015. 
Investments and pensions 
Scottish Widows introduced human rights as a 
stewardship theme in 2022 and began direct social 
engagement in 2023. In 2025, we focused on apparel 
companies, stressing the need for transparent incident 
reporting as part of effective due diligence. 
Through ShareAction’s Good Work Coalition, we 
co-signed investor letters on the real living wage and 
later filed shareholder resolutions at Next, M&S and 
JD Sports, which gained meaningful support and 
prompted improved disclosure discussions. 
We also advanced human rights data quality by 
engaging with data providers and contributing to 
norms-breac
h assessments under the Investor Initiative 
on Human Rights Data. For more information, please 
see the 
Scottish Widow’s Responsible Investment 
and Stewardship Report 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Risk management continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  141 
Human rights 
and modern 
slavery

[page 143]
Human rights impacts and how we are addressing them 
Economic crime including anti-money 
laundering and counter-terrorist financing 
The Group maintains its focus on protecting and 
minimising the impact on our customers and the 
Group whilst reducing the harm to communities 
caused by criminals and terrorists. See 
page 135. 
Data privacy and security 
The Group has a Chief Data and Analytics Office 
which oversees the Group’s policies in relation 
to data privacy and ethical use of data and AI. 
See 
pages 136, 139 and our annual report and 
accounts  page 196 
Modern slavery, forced labour 
and human rights abuses 
For further information on our approach 
to modern slavery and human trafficking, see 
our modern slavery statement which can be 
found 
here 
Customers 
Domestic and economic abuse victims 
Our specialist support teams exemplify our 
commitment to providing tailored assistance 
for customers in specific circumstances, 
see 
page 25. 
Mental health of customers 
Environmental and social high-risks 
in lending 
The Group is cognisant of the impact of 
environmental and social risks on our lending 
and investment activities. See 
page 76 to 7
7 
and pages 124 to 133.
We are committed to supporting both 
colleagues and customers through vulnerable 
situations, see 
pages 22 to 
36. 
Customers who are more vulnerable 
including due to critical illnesses, the 
elderly and customers with disabilities 
Lloyds Bank, Halifax and Bank of Scotland 
continued to receive the ‘Mental Health 
Accessible’ accreditation (Advanced Level) 
from the Money and Mental Health Policy 
Institute (MMHPI) in 2025, see 
page 26. 
Fair remuneration 
Lloyds Banking Group became a UK Living 
Wage Employer in 2015. We have worked, and 
continue to work, with third-party contractors 
to ensure that they operate in line with our 
commitments. 
We do not tolerate discrimination on the basis 
of protec
ted attributes including race, religion, 
national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, 
political opinion, age, marital or relationship 
status, carer responsibilities, sex, sexual 
orientation, gender identity, intersex status, 
pregnancy, parental status, breastfeeding, 
disability, veteran status, trade union activity 
or other legally protected status. Read more 
on 
pages 48 to 59. 
Mental health of colleagues 
Our focus on mental health is a key component 
of our colleague health and wellbeing strategy, 
see 
page 57. 
Freedom of association/collective 
bargaining 
Health and safety of colleagues, 
contractor
s and visitors 
Ensuring a safe working environment is key 
to the operation of the Group as we are 
an organisation dependent on our people. 
See 
page 57. 
Family Support 
We offer a range of support for colleagues 
starting or growing their families, including 
leave. Maternity / Adoption leave gives 
colleagues 52 weeks; six months of this 
is fully paid. Partners are also entitled to 
have six weeks of fully paid paternity leave. 
Colleagues 
Non-discrimination, inclusivity and 
equality/harsh or degrading treatment/
harassment 
The Group has a colleague inclusion 
programme and is committed to meeting 
its statutory responsibilities as an employer. 
We support colleagues’ rights to exercise 
freedom o
f association and have extensive 
consultation and collective bargaining 
processes in place, both in the UK and 
overseas. See 
page 56. 
Accessibility for persons with disabilities 
The Group has an extensive diversity, equity 
and inclusion programme. See 
page 53. 
Whistleblowing 
The Group runs an independent 
whistleblowing programme. It is available 
to all colleagues, suppliers, contractors 
and third parties. See 
page 137. 
Access to housing in communities 
Through our charity partnership we are working 
with Crisis (and Simon Community in Northern 
Ireland) to help them provide the support that 
people need to leave homelessness behind 
for good. See 
page 46. 
Modern slavery and human trafficking 
For further information on our approach 
to modern slavery and human trafficking and 
our community-based initiatives, access our 
modern slavery statement which can be found 
in 
our sustainability downloads 
Domestic and financial abuse 
Our Domestic and Financial Abuse team, set 
up in 2019, supports survivors to rebuild their 
finances, see 
page 25. 
Drug trafficking and financial exploitation 
of young people including county lines 
We work collectively with industry bodies, law 
enforcement, regulators and governments. 
These partnerships are crucial to our ambition 
to reduce crime across society and to Helping 
Britain Prosper, see 
page 135. 
Community concerns 
We have a dedicated channel – accessible via 
our Group website  – for communities to 
raise concerns where they believe activities 
linked to our direct commercial lending may 
have negatively impacted their human rights.
Communities 
Compliance with UK Modern Slavery Act 
and human rights risks 
We expect suppliers to meet or exceed the 
provisions in our code of supplier responsibility 
and contractually commit to monitoring 
modern slavery risks across its business 
and supply chain. See 
page 13
8. 
Fair remuneration and recruitment 
practices 
We have worked and continue to work, with 
third-party contractors to ensure that they 
operate in line with our commitments and 
expect them to ensure that the wages they pay 
meet legally mandated minimum requirements 
without unauthorised deductions. 
Access to effective remedy for individual 
victims of human rights violations and 
whistleblowing mechanisms 
Speak Up is the Group’s whistleblowing 
programme available to all colleagues across 
the Group, including suppliers, contractors 
and third parties. See 
page 13
7. 
For further information on our salient human 
rights risks, you can read 
the 20
25 Modern 
slavery statement and the Human rights 
position statement here 
Modern 
Slavery 
Cover 
Suppliers 
Overview Our Group strategy Access to quality housing Empowering a prosperous future Regional development and communities Inclusion Supporting the UK’s transition How we deliver 
How we deliver continued 
Risk management continued 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  142


[page 144]
Disclaimer 
The reader should be aware that this document, and the information 
contained within it, has been prepared on the following basis: (i) this 
document and its contents are not externally audited; (ii) all material 
contained in this document is subject to change without notice; (iii) the 
material in this document does not constitute any investment, accounting, 
legal, regulatory or tax advice or an invitation or recommendation to enter 
into any transaction; (iv) estimates expressed in this document should be 
regarded as indicative, and for illustrative purposes only; and (v) this 
document has been prepared using models, methodologies and data 
which are subject to certain limitations (as explained in the “models, 
methodologies and data” section below). Expected and actual outcomes 
may differ from those set out in the document (as explained in the 
“forward-looking statements” section below). 
This document’s use of the terms “material,” “materiality” and other 
similar terms should be understood in the context of ESG and 
sustainability reporting and are not intended to be have the meaning 
those terms have under the securities or other laws of the United States or 
any other jurisdiction or as these terms are used in the context of financial 
statements and financial reporting. 
Public information 
Some information appearing in this document may have been obtained 
from public and other sources and, it has not been independently verified 
by the Group and no representation or warranty is made by the Group as 
to its quality, completeness, accuracy, fitness for a particular purpose or 
non-infringement of such information. 
Opinions and views of third parties 
Any opinions or views of third parties expressed in this document are those 
of the third parties identified, and not of the Group, its affiliates, directors, 
officers, employees or agents. By incorporating or referring to opinions and 
views of third parties, the Group is not, in any way, endorsing or 
supporting such opinions or views. 
Models, methodologies and data 
The data contained in this document reflects best estimates at the 
relevant time. The models, methodologies and data used in information in 
this document, including in relation to the setting of the Group’s emissions 
targets, net-zero transition strategy, climate scenario analysis and transition 
plan, are subject to certain limitations. These include (i) that they are 
subject to future risks and uncertainties which may change over time, (ii) 
for external data, or methodologies and models developed by a third party, 
they could be subject to adjustment which is beyond the Group’s control; 
(iii) the quality of data can vary, which may impact the outputs of models 
and methodologies; (iv) in respect of climate-related models, 
methodologies and data in particular, are not of the same standard as 
those available for other financial information, nor subject to the same 
standards, benchmarks or standardised accounting principles, and historical 
data may not be an accurate indicator of the future trajectory of climate 
change impacts. Moreover, measurement technologies and analytical 
methodologies are in constant development; there is a lack of international 
coordination on data and methodology standards, and there exists future 
uncertainty, which includes (amongst others) developing global and 
regional laws, regulations and policies and evolving classification 
frameworks and climate science knowledge and data. 
Where the Group has used the methodology and tools developed by 
a third party, the application of the methodology (or consequences of 
its application) shall not be interpreted as conflicting with any legal or 
contractual obligations and such legal or contractual obligations shall take 
precedence over the application of the methodology. Where the Group 
has used underlying data provided or sourced by a third party, the use of 
the data shall not be interpreted as conflicting with any legal or 
contractual obligations and such legal or contractual obligations shall take 
precedence over the use of the data. Further development of reporting or 
other standards could impact the metrics, data and targets contained in 
this document. From one reporting period to another, direct comparisons 
of each statement of information or data may not always be possible, and 
information may be updated from time to time. 
No liability 
While reasonable care has been taken in preparing this document, neither 
the Group nor any of its affiliates, directors, officers, employees or agents 
make any representation or warranty as to its quality, accuracy or 
completeness, and they accept no responsibility or liability for the contents 
of this material, including any errors of fact, omission or opinion expressed. 
Forward-looking statements 
This document contains certain forward-looking statements within the 
meaning of Section 21E of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended, and section 27A of the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
with respect to the business, strategy, plans and/or results of Lloyds 
Banking Group plc together with its subsidiaries (the Group) and its 
current goals and expectations. Statements that are not historical or 
current facts, including statements about the Group’s or its directors’ and/
or management’s beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking 
statements. Words such as, without limitation, ‘believes’, ‘achieves’, 
‘anticipates’, ‘estimates’, ‘expects’, ‘targets’, ‘should’, ‘intends’, ‘aims’, 
‘projects’, ‘plans’, ‘potential’, ‘will’, ‘would’, ‘could’, ‘considered’, ‘likely’, 
‘may’, ‘seek’, ‘estimate’, ‘probability’, ‘goal’, ‘objective’, ‘deliver’, 
‘endeavour’, ‘prospects’, ‘optimistic’ and similar expressions or variations 
on these expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
These statements concern or may affect future matters, including but not 
limited to: projections or expectations of the Group’s future financial 
position, including profit attributable to shareholders, provisions, 
economic profit, dividends, capital structure, portfolios, net interest 
margin, capital ratios, liquidity, risk-weighted assets (RWAs), expenditures 
or any other financial items or ratios; litigation, regulatory and 
governmental investigations; the Group’s future financial performance; the 
level and extent of future impairments and write-downs; the Group’s ESG 
targets and/or commitments; statements of plans, objectives or goals of 
the Group or its management and other statements that are not historical 
fact and statements of assumptions underlying such statements. By their 
nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because 
they relate to events and depend upon circumstances that will or may 
occur in the future. There are inherent risks and uncertainties associated 
with achieving future emissions targets and implementing net-zero 
transition strategies and plans in a complex, interdependent, and 
continually evolving global landscape. The Group therefore reserves the 
right to adjust, amend, or adapt its metrics and targets in response to 
unforeseen circumstances or changes in external factors and dependencies 
which impact the feasibility of achieving the stated targets. 
Factors that could cause actual business, strategy, targets, plans and/or 
results (including but not limited to the payment of dividends) to differ 
materially from forward-looking statements include, but are not limited 
to: general economic and business conditions in the UK and internationally 
(including in relation to tariffs); imposed and threatened tariffs and 
changes to global trade policy; acts of hostility or terrorism and responses 
to those acts, or other such events; geopolitical unpredictability; the war 
between Russia and Ukraine; the escalation of conflicts in the Middle East; 
the tensions between China and Taiwan; political instability including as a 
result of any UK general election; market related risks, trends and 
developments; changes in client and consumer behaviour and demand; 
exposure to counterparty risk; the ability to access sufficient sources 
of capital, liquidity and funding when required; changes to the Group’s 
credit ratings; fluctuations in interest rates, inflation, exchange rates, stock 
markets and currencies; volatility in credit markets; volatility in the price 
of the Group’s securities; natural pandemic and other disasters; risks 
concerning borrower and counterparty credit quality; risks affecting 
insurance business and defined benefit pension schemes; changes in laws, 
regulations, practices and accounting standards or taxation; changes to 
regulatory capital or liquidity requirements and similar contingencies; the 
policies and actions of governmental or regulatory authorities or courts 
together with any resulting impact on the future structure of the Group; 
risks associated with the Group’s compliance with a wide range of laws 
and regulations; assessment related to resolution planning requirements; 
risks related to regulatory actions which may be taken in the event of a 
bank or Group failure; exposure to legal, regulatory or competition 
proceedings, investigations or complaints; failure to comply with anti-
money laundering, counter terrorist financing, anti-bribery and sanctions 
regulations; failure to prevent or detect any illegal or improper activities; 
operational risks including risks as a result of the failure of third party 
suppliers; conduct risk; risks related to new and emerging technologies, 
including artificial intelligence; technological changes and risks to the 
security of IT and operational infrastructure, systems, data and 
information resulting from increased threat of cyber and other attacks; 
technological failure; inadequate or failed internal or external processes or 
sys
tems; risks relating to ESG matters, such as climate change (and 
achieving climate change ambitions) and decarbonisation, including the 
Group’s ability along with the government and other stakeholders to 
measure, manage and mitigate the impacts of climate change effectively, 
and human rights issues; the impact of competitive conditions; failure to 
attract, retain and develop high calibre talent; the ability to achieve 
strategic objectives; the ability to derive cost savings and other benefits 
including, but without limitation, as a result of any acquisitions, disposals 
and other strategic transactions; inability to capture accurately the 
expected value from acquisitions; assumptions and estimates that form 
the basis of the Group’s financial statements; and potential changes in 
dividend policy. A number of these influences and factors are beyond the 
Group’s control. Please refer to the latest Annual Report on Form 20-F 
filed by Lloyds Banking Group plc with the US Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the SEC), which is available on the SEC’s website at 
www.
sec.gov, for a discussion of certain factors and risks. Lloyds Banking 
Gro
up plc may also make or disclose written and/or oral forward-looking 
statements in other written materials and in oral statements made by the 
directors, officers or employees of Lloyds Banking Group plc to third 
parties, including financial analysts. Except as required by any applicable 
law or regulation, the forward-looking statements contained in this 
document are made as of today’s date, and the Group expressly disclaims 
any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions 
to any forward-looking statements contained in this document whether as 
a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The information, 
statements and opinions contained in this document do not constitute a 
public offer under any applicable law or an offer to sell any securities or 
financial instruments or any advice or recommendation with respect to 
such securities or financial instruments. 
Lloyds Banking Group Sustainability Report 2025  143 
Forward-looking statements

[page 145]
Head office 
33 Old Broad Street 
London 
EC2N 1HZ 
+44 (0)20 7626 1500 
www.lloydsbankinggroup.com 
Registered office 
The Mound 
Edinburgh EH1 1YZ 
Registered in Scotland no. SC095000