# Norsk Hydro ASA (NHY.OL)
# primary source: integrated-annual-report-2025.pdf  (307 pages)

[page 1]
Integrated Annual 
Report 2025


[page 2]
Introduction
3 2025 highlights
4 Letter to stakeholders
7 Key events
8 Table of Contents

[page 3]
2025 highlights
Safety incidents 
per million hours worked
1.4
0.8 0.7 0.8
0.5
3.3
2.4 2.5
2.0
1.8
High risk incidents (HRI)
Total recordable incidents (TRI)
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
Adjusted EBITDA
NOK billion
28.0
39.7
22.3
26.3 28.9
Bauxite & Alumina Energy
Aluminium Metal Metal Markets
Extrusions Others and eliminations
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
-
25.0
50.0
Reduction in greenhouse gas emissions against 2018 baseline
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by ownership equity
(6.5)%
(11.9)%
(16.1)%
(18.7)%
(20.0)% (15.0)% (10.0)% (5.0)% -%
2022
2023
2024
2025
Free cash flow
NOK billion
10.5
14.0
-0.2
2.8
13.0
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
0.0
5.0
10.0
15.0
2025 highlights Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 3
0
fatal accidents and life 
changing incidents
1.4
billion NOK
improvements
21.1%
women in leadership 
positions
10.2%
adjusted 
RoaCE
18.2
billion NOK 
adjusted net debt
3.0
dividend
per share

[page 4]
Letter to stakeholders
Increasing resilience to reach 2030 ambitions 
We are fully committed to delivering our strategic ambition of pioneering the green aluminium 
transition, powered by renewable energy, despite geopolitical instabilities. In 2025, measures 
were taken to increase agility and accelerate growth to reach our 2030 targets.
Throughout 2025, geopolitical tension and heightened rivalry among major powers added pressure on the global economy 
and our markets. Operating in forty countries, these developments have in recent years had an impact on our entire value 
chain with a particular pressure on our downstream activities. However, our geographic spread and our broad presence 
across the value chain also makes us more diversified and therefore more resilient.
In parallel, the EU remained committed to the Green Deal and we experienced renewed momentum for industrial 
competitiveness, especially in Europe. Security policy was rising on the global agenda, and the EU, the U.S. and NATO 
defined aluminium as a critical raw material. Low-carbon aluminium plays a vital role in ensuring robustness and driving 
the green transition. We know that what we produce, where we produce it and how we produce it is more important than 
ever. 
While we cannot control external circumstances, we are committed to managing what is within our control. That is why we 
have implemented targeted improvement and commercial initiatives to strengthen Hydro’s agility and resilience. Our aim is 
to ensure that we continue to grow with the right structure and priorities, maintaining our commitment to accelerate the 
green aluminium transition.
Safety of our people is our top priority 
The health and safety of our employees is fundamental to Hydro’s success. Ensuring a safe workplace every single day 
for our 32,000 colleagues is our foremost priority. And we know that when our people are safe, we have a solid basis for 
stable and predictable operations. In 2025, we continued our strong track record, maintaining consistently low incident 
rates throughout the year. 
In 2025, the average Total Recordable Injuries (TRI) per million hours worked was 1.8. The number of High Risk Incidents 
(HRI) was 0.5. These numbers are the lowest ever reported. The positive development on safety reflects the improvement 
mindset and commitment throughout our organization.
Letter to stakeholders Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 4
Rune Bjerke, Chair of the Board of Directors, together with Eivind Kallevik, President & CEO

[page 5]
Growth despite challenging markets 
We delivered an adjusted EBITDA of NOK 28.9 billion, and corresponding 
adjusted return on average capital employed (ARoaCE) of 10.2 percent, 
above our target of 10 percent over the cycle. These results, during 
challenging market conditions, demonstrate the underlying strength and 
resilience of our business. 
Improved earnings allow for competitive shareholder returns. Since 2021, we 
have distributed NOK 37.6 billion to shareholders, with a proposal to pay out 
another NOK 5.9 billion for 2025, representing 60 percent of adjusted net 
income.  
We have made progress on our performance and capital discipline measures. 
The improvement program announced in late 2024 delivered NOK 1.4 billion 
in improvements last year, achieving close to twice the target level. Midway 
through the year we reduced our capex guiding for 2025 by NOK 1.5 billion to 
adapt to market realities. This will continue into 2026, showing the flexibility in 
our strategy to adapt the pace of growth with the market realities. We have 
also streamlined our operations by phasing out our batteries and hydrogen 
business units, reflecting our proactive approach to evolving market 
challenges. 
Alongside strengthening our core business, we have made some difficult yet 
necessary decisions to optimize our workforce. This includes restructuring 
processes in Extrusions with reductions in employees and a proposal to close 
five extrusion plants in Europe during 2026. In addition, we conducted a 
strategic workforce reduction 
where the total number of employees that have 
left or will leave the company within the first half of 2026 is around 850. These 
processes are challenging and impact our people. However, they are essential 
steps to ensure we remain resilient and responsible in a changing world. 
Throughout these transitions, we remain committed to conduct the processes 
with care, ensuring close collaboration with employee representatives.  
Executing on the 2030 strategy 
We remain committed to our 2030 ambition of pioneering the green aluminium 
transition, powered by renewable energy. We are confident in our long-term 
direction, but recognize the need to adjust the pace and scope of our growth 
ambitions in line with market developments. Following the annual strategy 
review process, the Board of Directors reaffirmed Hydro’s strategic direction 
while clarifying priorities to address this. Our strategy continues to rest on four 
main pillars:  
• Drive profitable growth in Recycling and Extrusions 
• Scale renewable power generation  
• Execute on ambitious decarbonization and technology road map, and step 
up to contribute to a nature positive and just transition 
• Shape the market for low-carbon  aluminium through commercial 
partnerships 
In 2025, we achieved significant milestones throughout our value chain, 
making us well positioned to reach our strategic goals. 
Drive profitable growth in Recycling and Extrusions 
Extrusions and Recycling have experienced softer demand than expected, 
and the recycling margins have been under pressure. These challenges made 
us fall short of the 2025 targets, and we have postponed some of the 2030 
targets. Nevertheless, we are convinced that the fundamental drivers are still 
in place, and we are actively executing our plans for cost optimization and 
productivity improvements, while accelerating investments in both Recycling 
and Extrusions. Throughout 2025, we have implemented a range of measures 
to better position these areas for future growth. 
In Extrusions, the year started with a revised adjusted EBITDA outlook from 
NOK 4.5-5.5 billion to NOK 3.5-4.5 billion due to uncertain markets. We have 
increased efforts on cost optimization and productivity improvement. These 
measures are shaping a more robust Extrusions portfolio set for growth. 
Within Recycling, we expect growth potential to return as market dynamics 
normalize, supported by growth projects, improved hot metal cost and 
commercial initiatives. In 2025, we expanded the Recycling portfolio by 
investing in construction of a recycling plant in Torija, Spain, and we took steps 
to finalize the integration of Alumetal. These initiatives will strengthen the 
European circular economy and Hydro’s position within recycling.  
Despite weaker markets both in Extrusions and Recycling, we remain 
committed to our long-term growth agenda. In addition to the investment in a 
first of its kind all-electric extrusion press line at our facility in Gainesville, 
Georgia. we launched our first U.S. university research partnership with the 
University of Michigan aiming to advance aluminium and extrusion alloy 
development. Industry and science need to work together to develop new 
solutions, and this partnership aim to translate innovation rapidly from lab to 
production.  
Scale renewable power generation  
Reliable access to renewable power at competitive prices is critical to keep a 
low-carbon footprint. It is essential to continue building sufficient capacity to 
meet the growing demand in the years ahead. 
The sourcing situation for the smelters remains robust through 2030, but we 
continue to actively pursue cost competitive renewable power opportunities as 
this is key to succeed with our low-carbon strategy in the long-term. In 2025, 
signing long-term power contracts with Hafslund Kraft AS, NTE, and the 
agreement in principle on a new long-term power contract until 2045 for 
Alouette, are important steps to further strengthen competitiveness and our 
low-carbon position.
While pursuing long-term agreements, we are also making investments in 
captive resources. In 2025, we decided to invest in a new pumped storage 
power plant. The Illvatn plant is our largest hydropower development in over 
20 years and will provide 107 GWh of new annual renewable power 
production, reinforcing our commitment to sustainable growth and energy 
security. 
Letter to stakeholders Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 5

[page 6]
Execute on ambitious decarbonization and technology road 
map, and step up to contribute to a nature positive and just 
transition 
Decarbonization initiatives are being conducted across the value chain, and 
we are ahead of plans to reach our 2030 goals, demonstrated by a 15 percent 
reduction of CO2 surpassing the initial 2025 target of ten percent. 
Decarbonization and proactively advancing our social initiatives are at the 
core of our decisions. In 2025, we made significant progress on sustainability 
across our operations, driven by dedicated climate, nature and social 
initiatives. 
A major milestone in this respect is the ramp up of the fuel switch at Alunorte, 
which has yielded an annual reduction in CO2 emissions of 700,000 tonnes. In 
addition, Alunorte invested in two new electric boilers to reduce CO2 emissions 
by up to 550,000 tonnes per year.  
In line with our roadmap toward net-zero production by 2050 or earlier, we are 
continuing the evaluation of carbon capture technologies as a solution for 
decarbonizing existing assets. The development of our proprietary carbon-free 
HalZero technology is progressing well. In December, we commenced 
operations at our stage two test facility in Porsgrunn, Norway. We are also 
nearing completion for the green hydrogen pilot at our Høyanger recycling 
facility in Norway, which will be our first industrial scale pilot replacing natural 
gas in one furnace which will reduce the carbon footprint to near-zero. 
Operations are expected to start in the first half of 2026. 
In 2024, we launched the Corridor program together with Mercedes-Benz. 
This is a multisector program aiming to improve environmental and social 
conditions along the Paragominas-Barcarena pipeline in the state of Pará in 
Northern Brazil. In 2025, three new partners joined the coalition, Belterra 
Agroflorestas, Mitsui & Co. and Mitsui Foundation.  
Another important step in line with our purpose of creating a more viable 
society is our strategic partnership with the Norwegian Red Cross, launched in 
2025. The Red Cross shares our commitment to strengthening local 
communities and this is in line with our social responsibility strategy.  
Shape the market for low-carbon aluminium through 
commercial partnerships 
Partnerships and collaboration with our customers are crucial to the success 
of our 2030 strategy. An integrated value chain, combined with emissions 
significantly lower than the industry average, is increasingly valued by our 
customers. Clear evidence is sales of products with a lower-carbon footprint 
were more than 50 percent higher by value in 2025 than in 2024.  
Aluminium’s potential as construction material in public infrastructure is 
growing. We decided to invest in a new 110,000 tonne wire rod casthouse at 
Karmøy for use in critical energy infrastructure in Europe. Shortly after, we 
signed a partnership with the European cable producer NKT to guarantee 
supply of low-carbon aluminium. Partnerships like this provide predictability 
when making large, long-term investments. The recycled aluminium bridge 
“Hangarbrua” in Trondheim, Norway, further demonstrates aluminium’s 
potential as a more sustainable construction material for the future. 
We continue to expand into new markets with our low-carbon solutions. For 
example, Vode Lighting became the first company in North America to 
incorporate Hydro CIRCAL into their products, helping to reduce emissions 
and promote a circular economy. Likewise, we have also secured the first 
automotive offtake of Hydro CIRCAL in the U.S. market.  
Despite challenges in the automotive sector, low-carbon solutions are 
advancing in this industry as well. Our collaboration with Mercedes-Benz is 
contributing to the decarbonization of their value chain, as seen in the launch 
of the new electric CLA featuring Hydro REDUXA, produced in Årdal.  
In 2025, we received significant design recognitions, including top honors at 
the Venice Biennale, a spot on TIME’s list of the World’s greatest places for 
our floating sauna in Oslo, multiple awards for the 100R recycling project and 
we were selected to deliver a recycled aluminium façade for Frieze London. 
These accolades strengthen our brand and increase awareness for embedded 
emissions, circularity, and low-carbon solutions. 
Taking steps to reach our 2030 targets 
In an increasingly complex geopolitical landscape, Hydro has a role to play in 
a growing market for more critical and greener materials. Our presence across 
the entire value chain makes us more diverse and therefore more robust in 
times of instability. Over the past year, we have taken decisive actions to 
streamline our operations, ensuring greater agility in responding to market 
changes.  
We continue to drive our 2030 strategy forward with undiminished strength. 
The achievements highlighted in this report confirm we are on the right track 
to reach our 2030 targets and there is a market for our low-carbon aluminium 
solutions. 
Rune Bjerke Eivind Kallevik
Chair of the Board of Directors President & CEO
Letter to stakeholders Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 6

[page 7]
Key events
January
Alunorte starts two electric boilers, reducing 
carbon emissions. Read more.
Hydro and Rio Tinto partner on carbon capture 
technologies for aluminium smelters. Read 
more.
Successful placement of green Eurobonds. 
Read more.
March
Hydro starts construction of flagship aluminium 
recycling plant at Torija, Spain. Read more.
Hydro invests NOK 1.65 billion to supply 
Europe’s electric infrastructure with low-cabon 
aluminium wire rod casthouse. Read more.
April
Hydro wins prestigious award for its 100R 
recycling project. Read more.
Hydro and NKT sign offtake agreement for 
aluminium wire rod as Europe moves to 
upgrade power grid infrastructure. Read more.
May
Hydro and Norwegian Red Cross enter 
strategic partnership to support a just 
transition. Read more.
Hydro to close Birtley extrusion plant in the UK. 
Read more.
June
ASI recertifies 74 of Hydro’s extrusion sites. 
Read more.
Successful placement of inaugural European 
Green Bond. Read more.
August
Hydro cuts costs and carries out strategic 
workforce adjustment. Read more.
September
Hydro expands Hydro CIRCAL offering to 
foundry alloys. Read more.
Three new partners join coalition for social 
progress in the Brazilian Amazon. Read more.
Dutch court dismisses all claims against Hydro. 
Read more.
October
Hydro and University of Michigan launch 
research partnership. Read more.
November
Hydro signs long-term power contract with 
Hafslund. Read more.
Hydro invests NOK 1.2 billion to build Illvatn 
pumped storage power plant. Read more.
Hydro to close five European extrusion plants. 
Read more.
Investor day: Strategic discipline securing long-
term value creation. Read more.
Hydro signs new USD 1,600 million and USD 
800 million sustainability-linked revolving credit 
facilities. Read more.
December
Hydro earns global recognition for aluminium 
recycling innovation. Read more.
Hydro signs new long-term power contract with 
Hafslund. Read more.
Key events Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 7

[page 8]
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
3 Our 2025 highlights
4 Letter to our stakeholders
7 Key events 2025
8 Table of contents
2. Our business
10 About Hydro
12 Our presence
13 Hydro’s main inputs and outcomes
14 Business areas
19 2030 strategic direction
21 Our targets and ambitions
25 Managing uncertainty
26 Market development and outlook
3. Our performance
31 Performance against objectives
32 Performance across four dimensions
37 Other performance measures 
38 Key financial exposures
6. Financial statements
140 Consolidated financial statements
208 Financial statements Norsk Hydro ASA
222 Statement from the Board and the CEO
225 Independent auditors report
4. Our governance
41 Corporate governance
47 Risk Review
64 The Hydro share
67 Regulations
7. Appendices
231 Alternative performance measures
236 ESG fact book
281 Country-by-country reporting
293 NUES
299 Norwegian Equality and Anti-
Discrimination Act disclosures
301 Production capacity and volumes
303 Sustainability development goals index
306 Profitability roadmap assumptions
Table of Contents Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 8
5. Sustainability statements
70 General information 109 Legacy impact
78 Climate change 111 Own Workforce
86 Pollution 117 Workers in the value chain
89 Water 123 Affected communities
91 Biodiversity and ecosystems 130 Business conduct
97 Resource use and circular economy
100 EU taxonomy

[page 9]
Our business
10 About Hydro
12 Our presence
13 Main inputs and outcomes
14 Business areas
19 2030 strategic direction
21 Our targets and ambitions
25 Managing uncertainty
26 Market developments and outlook

[page 10]
About Hydro
A century of innovation and sustainable growth
Founded in Norway in 1905, Hydro was born out of a bold idea: to transform 
natural resources into solutions for society’s most pressing challenges. 
Birkeland, a physicist, and Eyde, an engineer and entrepreneur, sought to 
harness Norway’s abundant hydropower to create mineral fertilizers, 
revolutionizing agriculture and supporting food security. From its inception, 
Hydro’s core purpose reflected an innovative spirit and a commitment to 
societal progress, quickly making the company more than an industrial 
venture. It became a driver of national development, community growth and 
eventually, global impact.
From pioneering hydropower to becoming a global force in aluminium and 
renewable energy, Hydro’s 120 year history is one of innovation, resilience, 
and responsibility. This legacy of transforming natural resources into value for 
people and societies continues to guide the company today, shaping Hydro’s 
purpose to create more viable societies for the future.
Today, Hydro is present throughout the global aluminium value chain, from 
renewable energy to bauxite mining and alumina refining, primary aluminium, 
aluminium extrusions, and aluminium recycling. With increased geopolitical 
uncertainty, Hydro’s integrated value chain ensures security of supply of a 
strategic material in both Europe and North America. 
Hydro Energy has more than 100 years of experience in renewable energy 
production, and is one of Norway’s three largest operators of hydropower 
production and a large power market player in the Nordics and Brazil. Hydro 
Energy develops new business opportunities for Hydro in renewable energy 
and provides support to other Hydro businesses on energy sourcing, security 
of supply, and energy framework conditions.
Hydro Bauxite & Alumina includes one of the largest bauxite mines in the 
world and the largest alumina refinery outside China, both located in Brazil. 
Hydro Bauxite & Alumina extracts the bauxite in Paragominas and refines it to 
obtain alumina (aluminium oxide) at the Alunorte refinery in Barcarena. 
Bauxite and alumina represent the first two steps in the value chain on the 
way to aluminium metal, which becomes a wide variety of aluminium products 
supporting several industries.
Hydro Aluminium Metal is one of the leading producers and suppliers of 
extrusion ingots, sheet ingots, foundry alloys, wire rods and high-purity 
aluminium with a global production network.
Hydro Aluminium Metal has primary metal production facilities in Europe, 
Canada, Australia, Brazil, and Qatar, and recycling facilities in Europe and the 
U.S. Two-thirds of the primary aluminium production is based on renewable 
energy. Hydro Aluminium Metal also offers prime quality recycled aluminium 
made with a minimum 75 percent post-consumer scrap, which gives a certified 
carbon footprint of 1.9 kg CO2 per kg aluminium.
About Hydro Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 10
Founders of Hydro: Sam Eyde and Kristian Birkeland Vemork power plant: located in Rjukan, Telemark and operational since 1911

[page 11]
Hydro Extrusions is a world leading aluminium extrusion business with a 
significant presence in Europe and North America, and plants in South 
America and Asia.
Hydro’s leading position in extrusion, building systems, and precision tubing is 
built by over 50 years of aluminium extrusions expertise, and maintained 
through a unique combination of local expertise, a global network, and 
unmatched R&D capabilities to deliver customer value. 
Hydro is executing on a comprehensive plan to reduce greenhouse gas 
emissions across its operations, including investments in next generation 
smelting technologies. Hydro’s commitment to a nature positive future is 
reflected in its efforts to restore ecosystems, protect biodiversity, and promote 
responsible mining, refining, and smelting practices.
Hydro is also accelerating its transition toward circularity, aiming to maximize 
recycling rates and minimize resource consumption. The company’s advanced 
recycling initiatives are designed to keep materials in use for longer, reduce 
waste, and support the development of sustainable supply chains. Hydro’s 
partnerships with customers, suppliers, and industry groups are instrumental 
in shaping markets for low-carbon and recycled aluminium, driving demand for 
environmentally responsible materials.
Innovation remains at the heart of Hydro’s strategy, always being in the 
forefront of developing new process technologies. It started with Birkeland and 
Eyde. Today, Hydro is developing next generation, carbon-free aluminium 
production and carbon capture (CCS) for aluminium smelters.
Being in close contact with customers, continuous product development is key 
to taking advantage of aluminium’s properties and expanding the use of 
aluminium to new applications. The company is investing in digitalization, 
automation, and advanced manufacturing to improve productivity, quality, and 
safety. Hydro’s R&D teams are exploring new applications for aluminium and 
renewable energy, collaborating with universities, research institutes, and 
technology partners to unlock breakthroughs that benefit society at large.
For more than a century, Hydro has shaped industries that matter, evolving in 
response to societal, technological and environmental changes. From 
pioneering hydropower and fertilizer production to leading the global transition 
towards more sustainable aluminium and developing more renewable energy, 
the company’s journey is one of continuous innovation, resilience, and 
responsibility. Hydro’s legacy is not just about what it has achieved, but about 
how it has consistently adapted to meet the needs of people and societies 
around the world.
Our purpose and values
Our purpose is to create a more viable 
society by developing natural resources into 
products and solutions in innovative and 
efficient ways. Explore our values below.
Care
We act with respect for people and the 
environment, and place safety at the heart 
of our operations.
Courage
We break new ground and take measured 
risks with agility, accountability, and 
foresight.
Collaboration
We work as partners internally and 
externally to unite competencies and 
create win-win opportunities.
About Hydro Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 11
Primary aluminium production at Hydro’s plant in Årdal, Norway

[page 12]
Our presence
Our presence Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 12
Americas
5 countries1
Europe
25 countries1
Asia and Oceania
11 countries1
Hydro has a global presence in 
more than 140 locations across 
40 countries. Our 32,000 
employees serve more than 
30,000 customers and 30,000 
suppliers around the world.
Hydro’s values of care, courage 
and collaboration, reflect how the 
company aims at interacting with 
its employees, local communities, 
customers and suppliers.
32,000
employees2
40
countries
140
locations
Americas Europe
Asia and 
Oceania
Austria
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Croatia
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Hungary
Italy
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Serbia
Slovakia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
United Kingdom
Argentina
Brazil
Canada
Mexico
USA
Australia
Bahrain
China
Egypt
India
Japan
Oman
Qatar
Singapore
Turkey
United Arab Emirates
1 Countries where Hydro has registered legal entities.
2 Employees in permanent positions.

[page 13]
Main inputs and outcomes
Main inputs and outcomes Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 13
Recycling
Main 
inputs1
Bauxite Alumina Energy Primary Casting Extrusion Products
Main 
outputs and 
outcomes1
• Bauxite resources
• Water
• Bauxite
• Caustic soda
• Coal
• Lime
• Natural gas
• Water
• Water resources
• Wind resources
• Alumina
• Aluminium fluoride
• Anodes
• Coke
• Pitch
• Electricity
• Water
• Alloying materials
• Natural gas
• NGL
• Post-consumer scrap
• Primary aluminium
• Process scrap
• Electricity
• Extrusion ingot
• Natural gas
• Extruded solutions
• Hydro CIRCAL
• Hydro REDUXA
• Primary foundry alloys, 
wire rod and forge stock
• Standard, sheet and 
extrusion ingot
• Bauxite
• Rehabilitated land
• Tailings2
• Land use change 2
• Alumina and alumina 
hydrate
• Bauxite residue 2
• GHG emissions 2
• Non-GHG emissions 2
• Renewable power
• Flood control
• Regulated watersheds 2
• Land use change 2
• Primary aluminium
• GHG emissions 2
• Non-GHG emissions 2
• Solid waste 2
• Standard, sheet and 
extrusion ingots
• Primary foundry alloys 
and wire rod
• Forge stock
• Non-GHG emissions 2
• Solid waste 2
• Extruded solutions for 
building and 
automotive industries, 
consumer goods etc
• GHG emissions 2
• Income and shareholder 
value, jobs and salaries for 
employees and supplier 
income, taxes, community 
impact and a more viable 
society by developing 
natural resources into 
products and solutions in 
innovative and efficient ways
1 Hydro's main activities, key inputs (dependencies), and the main outputs and outcomes resulting from its industrial processes along Hydro's integrated value chain.
2 Outputs associated with potential negative environmental impacts.

[page 14]
Business areas
Operations
Hydro Bauxite & Alumina covers Hydro’s bauxite mining activities in 
Paragominas and the company’s 62 percent interest in the Brazilian alumina 
refinery, Alunorte, both located in Pará State, North of Brazil. Alunorte is the 
biggest alumina refinery in the world outside China, with nameplate capacity 
of 6.3 million tonnes per year.
Hydro mines bauxite from Paragominas using strip mining technology where 
bauxite is sorted and crushed before being transported as a slurry through a 
244-kilometer long pipeline to its refinery Alunorte, before being refined into 
alumina. Approximately 30 percent of Alunorte’s long-term bauxite 
requirements are covered by supplemental supply from Mineracão Rio do 
Norte (MRN) and transported to Alunorte by ship.
Cost and revenue drivers
The main cost drivers in bauxite production are labor, maintenance and 
consumables, electricity, and fuel for mining equipment, which account for 
around 75 percent of mining cash cost. Labor, accounting for about 27 percent 
of cash cost, is influenced by Brazilian wage levels, inflation and productivity 
developments. Maintenance and consumables are influenced by inflation and 
operational efficiency.
The main cost drivers for alumina refining are bauxite, energy and caustic 
soda. These represent around 85 percent of cash costs, where caustic soda 
represented around 16 percent of cash costs in 2025. Energy costs are a mix 
of gas, coal, and electricity, and account for about 30 percent of the total 
costs. Bauxite purchases from Paragominas, and those supplied from MRN 
agreements, are based on prices partly linked to the London Metal 
Exchange’s (LME) prices and to alumina market prices.
Hydro Bauxite & Alumina aims to further strengthen their position on the 
alumina cost curve, through delivering NOK 1.0 billion in operational, 
procurement and commercial improvements in the 2026-2030 period.
Pioneering the green aluminium transition
Hydro Bauxite & Alumina is working continuously to improve its position on the 
alumina industry cost and carbon curves, with Alunorte operating within the 
first decile of alumina refineries in terms of carbon intensity, placing it among 
the worlds lowest carbon emitting alumina refineries.
To reach the targets for greenhouse gas emissions reductions, Hydro replaced 
fuel oil with natural gas at the Alunorte alumina refinery and installed an 
additional 120MW of electrical boiler capacity that use fixed price renewable 
electricity sourced from the Mendubim solar plant and the Ventos de São 
Zacarias wind farm on long-term power purchase contracts. This is enabling 
the growth in sales of low-carbon alumina and aluminium at an expected 
growing premium (see the section on Climate Change
 for more 
details). Although annual cost reduction from the fuel switch will fluctuate each 
year, the energy saving was estimated at NOK 1.61 billion for 2025.
Hydro’s bauxite mine is located in an area comprising primary and secondary 
forest and agricultural land in Pará State. To minimize and restore the impacts 
of mining activities on biodiversity, including local fauna and flora species, 
Hydro has developed a reforestation program to mitigate forest removal and 
aims to start restoration of mined areas that are released for rehabilitation 
within two hydrological seasons. 
In 2023, Hydro increased its no net loss ambition for biodiversity for the 
bauxite mine. In addition to achieving no net loss for the future expansion of 
the mine, Hydro will also include impacts that have occurred since 2020 for 
the existing mining footprint. In 2025, Hydro began the design of a biodiversity 
restoration program outside of the mine footprint, which should start in the first 
half of 2026. This is a key step in Hydro’s no net loss ambitions. Bauxite and 
alumina play an instrumental part in the production of aluminium. In times of 
increased geopolitical uncertainty, security of supply has become even more 
important and the operations in Brazil play a central part in Hydro’s integrated 
value chain.
Business areas Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 14
Hydro Bauxite 
& Alumina
3,822 26.1
Employees Billion NOK
capital employed
6.1 71%
Million tonnes 
alumina production
Reduction in Alunorte 
CO2 emissions by 20301
1 Against 2017 baseline.

[page 15]
Operations
Hydro Energy is one of the three largest operators of hydropower production 
in Norway, and a large power market player in the Nordic region and Brazil. As 
Hydro’s energy competence center, Hydro Energy provides support to the 
company’s business areas on market analytics, power contracts, security of 
supply and energy framework conditions. 
Hydro Energy operates power assets with production of 14 TWh in a normal 
year, which includes the Tonstad Windfarm and assets owned by the Hydro 
associate Lyse Kraft DA in Røldal-Suldal and the Stavanger region. Hydro 
Energy owns captive power production at 9.4 TWh in a normal year. Beyond 
this, Hydro Energy purchases over 12 TWh of renewable power annually, 
primarily in the Nordic market through long-term power purchase agreements 
(PPAs). This brings our total power portfolio to 18 TWh per year in the Nordics 
under normal circumstances.
The sourcing situation for Hydro’s Norwegian aluminium smelters remains 
robust through 2030. Hydro is actively pursuing available alternatives for 
renewable power sourcing, including onshore wind, to meet the need for cost 
competitive power for its industrial operations.
Cost and revenue drivers
Hydropower production is strongly influenced by hydrological conditions. 
Seasonal factors affect both supply and demand. Hydro Energy is an industry 
leader on cost and operational performance with a cost base that is relatively 
stable. Volatility in both production as well as electricity spot prices may 
however cause significant variations in quarterly revenues. Hydro Energy 
optimizes its power portfolio in the market every day.
Electricity prices are influenced by fuel costs (including emission allowance 
costs), meteorological parameters and exchange transmission possibilities 
with adjoining markets, as well as by fluctuations in demand. Rising 
intermittent generation from solar and wind power is increasing price 
variations across power markets. 
Hydro Energy estimates to deliver NOK 0.2 billion in operational and 
commercial improvements in the 2026-2030 period.
Pioneering the green aluminium transition
A key part of Hydro’s 2030 strategy is to step up ambitions within renewable 
power generation. Hydro Energy is actively developing new renewable 
projects within hydropower, onshore wind, and solar, both within the fully 
owned portfolio and through part owned entities such as Hydro Rein and Lyse 
Kraft DA.
Hydro Energy’s captive renewable energy production, competitive sourcing of 
renewable power, and energy solutions enable Hydro and other industrial 
companies to succeed in the transition to a net-zero society. The carbon 
footprint of aluminium is highly dependent on the source of energy and Hydro 
Energy enables the production of low-carbon aluminium.
In June 2024, the transaction with Macquarie Asset Management for the sale 
of 49.9 percent of Hydro Rein was finalized. Hydro Rein offers renewable 
energy solutions for more sustainable industries, and the Hydro Rein JV with 
Macquarie enables further development of renewable power production and 
pursuit of profitable renewable power projects. Furthermore, access to 
renewable power at competitive prices increases industrial competitiveness 
and security of supply. Hydro is taking a leading role in developing more 
renewable power in relation to industry development.
In November 2025, the final investment decision was made to build the Illvatn 
hydropower pumped storage power plant. The gross investment amounts to 
NOK 2.5 billion. The power plant will be contributing with 107 GWh in annual 
renewable production and added flexibility to the system.
Business areas Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 15
Hydro 
Energy
295 9.5
Employees Billion NOK
capital employed
42 9.5 TWh
Number of operated 
power plants
Hydropower 
production

[page 16]
Operations 
Hydro Aluminium Metal is the world’s (excluding China) sixth largest producer 
and supplier of primary aluminium and value added casthouse products. The 
business area consists of five wholly owned aluminium metal smelters in 
Norway, five partly owned smelters in Qatar, Brazil, Canada, Australia, and 
Slovakia (currently curtailed), in addition to several advanced R&D facilities. 
Hydro’s total annual primary aluminium capacity is about 2.1 million tonnes.
Hydro’s primary aluminium operations extract aluminium from aluminium oxide 
(alumina) by way of electrolysis to produce liquid aluminium. Recycled post-
consumer scrap is also remelted to liquid aluminium, which in turn is 
converted into value added products such as extrusion ingot, primary foundry 
alloys, sheet ingot and wire rod as well as standard ingot. Hydro’s primary 
plants have also built up capacities to process additional quantities of post-
consumer scrap in their casthouses, including the purpose built recycling 
facility near the primary aluminium plant in Høyanger.
Cost and revenue drivers
The main cost drivers for the production of primary aluminium include alumina, 
power and carbon, which together comprised about 80-85 percent of the cash 
costs of electrolysis metal in 2025. Hydro uses approximately two tonnes of 
alumina to produce one tonne of aluminium, representing 45-50 percent of the 
cash cost of primary aluminium. Energy represents on average 15-20 percent 
of cash costs and carbon anodes consumed in the smelting process account 
for 15-20 percent. Realized aluminium prices and casthouse product 
premiums are the most important revenue drivers. 
Access to competitive renewable power is the foundation for delivering low-
carbon aluminium at competitive cost in the long-term and enables Hydro’s 
16th percentile placement on the global primary aluminium cost curve in 2025. 
Around 80 percent of the electricity used for Hydro’s primary aluminium 
capacity is based on renewable power.
Hydro Aluminium Metal has a history of continuous improvements, covering all 
relevant earnings drivers, placing Hydro’s primary production competitively on 
the global primary aluminium cost curve. 
Hydro Aluminium Metal aims to strengthen its position further through 
delivering NOK 1.1 billion in operational and procurement improvements in the 
2026-2030 period, in addition to contributing to the commercial excellence 
improvements through greener premium and other commercial initiatives. 
Pioneering the green aluminium transition
Hydro’s presence in the primary value chain, combined with access to 
renewable power, are important enablers on Hydro’s decarbonization pathway 
and key in delivering its low-carbon aluminium Hydro REDUXA. Hydro 
REDUXA offers customers a fully transparent value chain and a certified 
carbon footprint below 4 kg CO2e per kg aluminium, corresponding to about 
one quarter of the world average. By entering into strategic partnerships with 
leading customers in the automotive, buildings and construction, electricity, 
and consumer goods markets, Hydro Aluminium Metal works to decarbonize 
the industries where aluminium is used. 
Hydro Aluminium Metal has an ambitious sustainability strategy with dedicated 
roadmaps to address decarbonization, energy efficiency, and impact on nature 
and circular economy. Hydro Aluminium Metal’s decarbonization roadmap 
aims to create multiple pathways toward net-zero and to decarbonize both its 
casthouses through the use of direct electrification, hydrogen or bio-methane, 
and the electrolysis process through both carbon capture and storage, and the 
development of Hydro’s new proprietary HalZero zero emission process. 
Aluminium is defined as a strategic material by the EU and NATO, and Hydro 
produces 30 percent of all primary aluminium in Europe. Hydro Aluminium 
Metal’s strategic partnership with NKT is an example where Hydro contributes 
to securing delivery of a critical component for European energy infrastructure. 
Read more about Hydro’s pathways to net-zero in the section on Climate 
change.
Business areas Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 16
Hydro 
Aluminium Metal
4,671 44
Employees Billion NOK
capital employed
2.1 30%
Million tonnes 
primary production
Reduction in GHG 
emissions by 2030 11 For Hydro whole and against 2018 baseline, includes logistics ambition in 
Metal Markets.

[page 17]
Operations
Hydro Metal Markets, which is organized as part of the business area 
Aluminium Metal, consists of the Recycling and Commercial business units. 
Recycling 
The Recycling business unit consists of 12 recyclers in Europe and the U.S., 
producing extrusion ingot and recycled foundry alloys with a total annual 
capacity of ~1 million tonnes. The four Alumetal plants acquired in 2023 are 
located in Hungary and Poland, contributing with ~300,000 tonnes. In 2023, 
Hydro started a new recycling plant in Cassopolis, Michigan as well as a new 
HyForge line in Rackwitz, Germany that have continued ramping up during 
2025. The recycling plants provide customers with high-quality, value added 
casthouse products. About 313,000 tonnes of post-consumer scrap (PCS) 
were used in Metal Market’s 2025 recycling operations. 
To secure access to scrap and enable increased usage of PCS, Hydro also 
owns three scrap sorting facilities with a total annual capacity of ~160,000 
tonnes. In 2025, two advanced aluminium scrap sorting (HySort) machines 
were installed in Nowa Sol, adding an additional ~20,000 tonnes of advanced 
sorting capacity. 
Commercial 
Metal Markets supplies Hydro’s value added products to a global market 
through a wide range of product offerings and services, including low-carbon 
aluminium products. Hydro’s portfolio of production plants allows for a flexible, 
multi-sourcing system that enables agile and cost effective customer offerings. 
Hydro possesses leading research and development competence in value 
added casthouse products, supporting customers in achieving their goals and 
in developing new products. Commercial activities include sourcing and 
trading of standard ingots from third parties for remelt in Hydro’s recyclers and 
primary casthouses, and to secure margins through execution of Hydro’s 
operational and strategic hedge programs. 
Cost and revenue drivers 
The results in Metal Markets consist of the operating results of the recyclers, 
margins on sales of third party products, and results from ingot and LME 
trading and hedging activities. Revenues for Hydro’s recyclers are inﬂuenced 
by volumes, the LME price and product premiums. Costs are driven by the 
cost of metal including LME, the cost of scrap and standard ingot premiums, 
freight costs to customers, and operational costs, including energy. Hydro’s 
results can be heavily inﬂuenced by currency effects and ingot inventory 
valuation effects.
Metal Market’s 2030 improvement ambitions are part of Hydro Aluminium 
Metal’s targets, described in targets and ambitions
. 
Pioneering the green aluminium transition
Aluminium recycling requires 95 percent less energy than primary aluminium 
production and aluminium can be recycled infinitely without degradation in 
quality. Metal Markets recyclers offer a range of low-carbon, recycled products 
to the customers, such as Hydro CIRCAL, with a minimum post-consumer 
scrap (PCS) of 75 percent and a carbon footprint of 1.9 kg CO2 per kg 
aluminium. 
Going forward, Metal Markets will grow the portfolio of lower-carbon 
aluminium products, demanding higher premium pricing. This is supported by 
Hydro’s recycling ambitions to materially increase the use of post-consumer 
scrap usage. 
Recycling growth strategy is focused on diversifying and high grading the 
recycled product portfolio, developing advanced sorting capabilities as well as 
realizing full synergy potential in the Aluminium Metal network. As part of this 
strategy, Recycling is currently executing an investment in a new specialty 
recycling casthouse in Torija, Spain with a total capacity of 120,000 tonnes, 
including 60,000 tonnes of Hydro CIRCAL capabilities. Recycling aluminium is 
not only important from a sustainability point of view, it also helps increase 
resource independence and enables further value creation. Hydro is well 
positioned with recycling facilities in both Europe and North America.
Business areas Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 17
Hydro 
Metal Markets
1 For Hydro whole.
1,530 10.1
Employees Billion NOK
capital employed
2.7 745
Million tonnes 
sales
Thousand tonnes annual 
post consumer scrap 
recycling capacity in 
20251

[page 18]
Operations
Hydro Extrusions operates the world’s largest network of aluminium extrusion 
and recycling plants, counting 69 production sites in 20 countries. Through a 
combination of local expertise, a global network, and advanced product 
development capabilities, Hydro Extrusions is future proofing its customers’ 
businesses. The extrusion production capacity amounts to 1.4 million tonnes 
annually, and the market shares are 14 percent in Europe and 18 percent in 
North America in 2025, in addition to solid positions in South America and 
Asia.
Hydro Extrusions operates 22 recycling facilities in total in Europe, North 
America and South America. The combined annual capacity of these facilities 
is approximately 1.5 million tonnes. 
The business area is organized in four business units: Extrusion Europe, 
Extrusion North America, Precision Tubing and Building Systems. These units 
are responsible for their respective value chains, from recycling, aluminium 
extrusion and value adding operations to commercial activities such as 
product development and sales.
Cost and revenue drivers 
The main cost drivers are aluminium and labor, where aluminium cost is tied 
to the LME and labor cost to inflation, wage levels, and productivity. These 
elements comprise about 80-90 percent of the cash cost. LME volatility is 
absorbed by customers via contracts, which are typically short to medium 
term. Customers in certain industries, like automotive, are trending towards 
longer-term contracts.  
The price of products and solutions in the extrusion business is determined by 
the value it creates for each individual customer. Hydro Extrusions will 
continue to shift its portfolio towards delivering more advanced, innovative, 
and sustainable products and solutions, thus increasing overall value and 
generated revenue. This will be achieved through growth in attractive regions 
and segments, a strong sustainability platform, customer partnerships, and 
commercial focus as well as portfolio optimization and cost reductions. 
Hydro Extrusions is stepping up ambitions on operational and commercial 
improvements towards 2030, aiming to deliver NOK 1.5 billion in 
improvements in the 2026-2030 period.
Pioneering the green aluminium transition
Sustainability is an integrated part of the business and Hydro Extrusions is 
working closely with customers across industries to deliver aluminium 
extrusions that help its customers improve their products. This includes 
improving the sustainability performance with lower-carbon footprint, higher 
recycled content, product design improvements and transparency in the 
supply chain. Whether motivated by regulations, values or branding, Hydro 
Extrusions supports customers in achieving their sustainability goals.
In 2025, Hydro Extrusions added its first electrical extrusion press at the 
Gainesville plant in Georgia, USA. This press uses electric motors for nearly 
all press functions and is the first of its kind. It will significantly reduce energy 
consumption, in line with Hydro’s ambitious targets. 
2025 was also the year when Hydro Extrusions started production of Hydro 
CIRCAL recycled aluminium at the recyclers in Sjunnen, Sweden and Ghlin, 
Belgium. At the recycler in Atessa, Italy the project is ongoing and the 
production of Hydro CIRCAL is scheduled to begin in 2026. This is adding to 
Hydro’s total capacity and increasing the amount of post-consumer scrap that 
can be recycled.
Hydro Extrusions applies additional levers to reduce its carbon footprint, 
including sourcing of aluminium with a carbon footprint that is lower than 
average, increased recycling, increasing sourcing of renewable energies and 
reducing the emissions from its own operations. See the section on Climate 
change for more details on how the recycling sourcing strategy can reduce 
upstream greenhouse gas emissions and the carbon footprint of products. 
Hydro’s downstream business plays a key role in developing and securing 
critical components in key strategic industrial value chains, including 
automotive, building & construction, and industrial and electrical applications. 
Business areas Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 18
Hydro 
Extrusions
1 On extrusion billets against 2018 baseline in CO2/t.
19,427 27.8
Employees Billion NOK
capital employed
1.0 27%
Million tonnes 
sales
Reduced CO2 emissions 
from logistics by 2030 1


[page 19]
2030 strategic direction
Pioneering the green aluminium transition, 
powered by renewable energy
Hydro is a leading aluminium and renewable energy company committed to a 
sustainable future and creating industries that matter. Hydro’s purpose is to 
create a more viable society by developing natural resources into products 
and solutions in innovative and efficient ways. With more than a century of 
industrial experience, Hydro combines technological capabilities, a strong 
commercial mindset, and its low-carbon aluminium advantage to support the 
green transition and reinforce critical industrial value chains, positioning Hydro 
for strong long-term value creation. 
In an increasingly unpredictable market environment, Hydro maintains focus 
on what can be controlled by operating safe, competitive assets, driving 
continuous improvement in costs and operations, and adapting the pace of 
strategy execution to market conditions. This disciplined approach strengthens 
operational resilience and reinforces the company’s ability to deliver reliable, 
low-carbon aluminium solutions to customers worldwide.
Hydro’s low-cost integrated value chain including renewable energy assets 
and broad geographical footprint position the company for emerging 
opportunities driven by the green transition, shifts in global supply chains, and 
rising demand for low-carbon materials. This unique starting point enables 
Hydro to navigate a more unpredictable macro environment while pushing 
forward with pioneering the green aluminium transition, powered by renewable 
energy.
Aluminium - a critical raw material for the green transition
Aluminium is a key enabler for the green transition and is recognized as a 
strategic raw material for strategic autonomy. Towards 2030, demand for 
aluminium will be driven especially by renewable energy systems, electrical 
vehicles, electrification infrastructure, and substitution of copper. Policy 
developments reinforce this outlook, with ambitious renewables targets and 
EU measures on energy efficiency increasing aluminium use in building 
facades and refrigeration.
Despite ongoing market uncertainty, sustainability commitments remain 
strong. Leading companies continue to reaffirm their Scope 3 targets, and low-
carbon aluminium is a key enabler for achieving them. Hydro’s position as a 
trusted partner is supported by the integrated value chain and its ability to 
deliver low-carbon aluminium with traceability and transparency from mine to 
component, enabling products that support both climate ambitions and the 
growing need for resilient, secure supply chains.
2030 strategic direction Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 19
Hydro’s strategic direction towards 2030 focuses on the following four key levers:
Drive profitable growth in Recycling and 
Extrusions to strengthen Hydro’s position amid 
green and geopolitical shifts
Scale renewable power generation to support 
competitiveness and low-carbon position
Execute on ambitious decarbonization and 
technology road map, and step up to contribute 
to a nature positive and just transition
Shape the market for low-carbon aluminium 
through commercial partnerships to unlock 
further investments across the value chain

[page 20]
Changing the aluminium game 
Drive profitable growth in Recycling and 
Extrusions to strengthen Hydro’s 
position amid green and geopolitical 
shifts
Hydro is prioritizing profitable growth opportunities within 
Recycling and Extrusions aligned with long-term 
sustainability trends and the need for secure supply 
chains. The expansion of electricity grids and renewable 
energy infrastructure is driving demand for aluminium in 
power distribution and structural components. Another 
example is electric mobility, which will, despite slower 
growth than previously forecasted, transform automotive 
manufacturing. Two areas which will grow in line with 
the EV transition are aluminium extrusions and large 
castings, ideal for recycled post-consumer content.
Hydro is well positioned to meet and shape this demand 
and will invest with discipline and in line with market 
developments. Within Extrusions, this corresponds to 
the ambition to deliver EBITDA in the range of NOK 8 to 
10 billion in 2030. Recycling will be a key enabler, 
supporting circular solutions and reducing emissions. By 
2030, Hydro aims to have post-consumer scrap capacity 
of 850 - 1,100kt, compared to an annual capacity of 
745kt in 2025. This corresponds to a 2030 EBITDA 
ambition in the range of NOK 5 to 6 billion, depending 
on market developments and capital availability. The 
EBITDA ambition covers recycling activities in 
Extrusions and the recycling business in Metal Markets. 
Extrusions’ share of the EBITDA ambition for Recycling 
is part of the total EBITDA ambition for Extrusions.
Scale renewable power generation to 
support competitiveness and low-carbon 
position
The green aluminium transition depends on renewable 
energy. Hydro is actively engaged in renewable power 
generation, ensuring the development of renewable 
energy for the aluminium value chain at affordable cost 
and supporting the company’s low-carbon aluminium 
offering. This strengthens Hydro’s ability to deliver low-
carbon aluminium while maintaining cost 
competitiveness in an increasingly complex energy 
market and supporting long-term energy resilience for 
the company.
Hydro has the capabilities to develop, operate and 
manage renewable power production in house, also 
capturing the growing value of flexible production to 
balance intermittent renewables such as wind and solar. 
Hydro’s renewables joint venture, Hydro Rein, is a key 
vehicle to enable attractive power sourcing. 
Execute on ambitious decarbonization 
and technology road map, and step up 
to contribute to a nature positive and just 
transition
Hydro continues to execute its decarbonization and 
technology roadmap, while stepping up contributions to 
a nature positive future and supporting a just transition 
for society. Hydro's target by 2030 is a 30 percent 
reduction in greenhouse gas emissions. By 2030, Hydro 
also has an ambition to be able to demonstrate 
technology that can enable near-zero emission 
aluminium in an industrial pilot setting. This will be an 
important milestone in Hydro’s ambition of reaching net-
zero by 2050 and for the aluminium industry as a whole. 
Hydro already has an advanced nature agenda with 
clear commitments to biodiversity, waste management 
and non-greenhouse gas emissions in its operations. 
These will be further strengthened and broadened as 
part of Hydro’s contribution to a nature positive future. 
Within the social sphere, Hydro is committed to 
improving the lives and livelihoods in local communities. 
To support this ambition, a Just Transition framework 
has been developed to guide Hydro’s contribution to 
creating and safeguarding thriving societies. 
Shape the market for low-carbon 
aluminium through commercial 
partnerships to unlock further 
investments across the value chain
Hydro combines its unique capabilities with strong 
commercial partnerships to shape the market for 
greener aluminium. Hydro’s integrated value chain, high 
share of renewables, global presence and concrete 
decarbonization roadmap, position Hydro to deliver 
solutions that help customers meet their sustainability 
ambitions and the growing need for resilient supply 
chains, while creating shared value. 
The green transition requires collaboration across 
supply chains and customer co-innovation. Hydro is 
working closely with select strategic partners who are 
leaders within their own fields and look to Hydro to 
deliver unique and more sustainable aluminium 
solutions with full control of the value chain. These 
partnerships are essential to unlock the investments 
needed to scale decarbonization technologies. 
Hydro produces among the lowest-carbon aluminium in 
the world, across both primary and recycled aluminium. 
Through decarbonization and a growing share of 
recycled metal, Hydro’s product portfolio has the 
potential to deliver meaningful greener premiums over 
time, strengthening both market positioning and long-
term value creation.
2030 strategic direction Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 20

[page 21]
Our targets and 
ambitions
From strategy to action
To ensure Hydro’s 2030 strategic objectives are embedded in daily operations, 
Hydro use the following four performance dimensions to translate strategic 
ambitions into measurable outcomes: 
• People
• Planet
• Profit
• Partners
The following table shows how key performance measures are defined within 
each performance dimension to support achievement across the four pillars in 
Hydro’s 2030 strategic direction. 
Hydro’s stated targets represent shorter-term objectives, generally within a 
time horizon of up to five years. Hydro’s ambitions reflect longer-term 
aspirations, typically extending beyond five years. Both targets and ambitions 
are designed to support achievement of Hydro’s strategic objectives.
Performance objectives
Strategic focus Performance measure Targets and ambitions5
People
Number of fatal accidents Zero fatal accidents
Total recordable injuries3 Zero life-changing injuries
Equal opportunities 30 percent women employees in permanent and temporary positions, and 25 percent women in leadership positions, 
by 2030
Planet
Total greenhouse gas 
emissions1 10 percent reduction by 2025 and 30 percent by 2030 against 2018 baseline
Other emissions (SO2, NOx 
and PM) 50 percent reduction by 2030 against 2017 baseline
Nature and biodiversity No net loss of priority biodiversity in new projects and major changes to existing operations, and no net loss of 
priority biodiversity for the bauxite mine by closure from a 2020 baseline 
Profit
Adjusted RoaCE4 Profitability target of > 10 percent over-the-cycle
Improvement program NOK 6.5 billion accumulated improvements by 2030 against 2024 baseline
Pay-out ratio ≥ 50 percent of adjusted net income over-the-cycle
Partners
Strategic customer  
partnerships Shape a paying market for greener aluminium through partnerships with key customers
Greener premiums Increase sales of Hydro CIRCAL and Hydro REDUXA to realize greener premiums potential
Indirect Scope 3 GHG 
emissions 30 percent reduction of indirect GHG emissions per tonne aluminium by 2030 against 2018 baseline2
1 Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by ownership equity. See note E1.1 for more information.
2 By ownership equity. Comprises material upstream Scope 3 categories. See note E1.3 for more information.  
3 Includes both employees and contractors. See note S1.3 for more information.
4 Alternative performance measures (APMs) are described in the appendices.
5 Please note that targets and ambitions are based on current assumptions and expectations, and circumstances may arise - such as changes in market conditions, regulatory developments, or other 
external factors - that could prevent us from achieving them. We are not legally or contractually obligated to meet these targets or ambitions, and they should not be interpreted as commitments or 
forecasts.
Our targets and ambitions Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 21


[page 22]
People reflects Hydro’s commitment to 
fostering a safe, healthy, and inclusive work 
environment, and improving lives and 
livelihoods wherever it operates. Health 
and safety of all people working for Hydro 
or affected by its activities is the most 
important priority, and Hydro supports its 
employees through secure jobs, fair 
compensation, learning and development, 
and social protection. Beyond its own 
workforce, Hydro seeks to create local 
value in line with its framework for 
contributing to a transition that leaves no 
one behind.
Occupational health and safety
Hydro is committed to providing a safe, healthy, and 
inclusive work environment for all individuals, including 
own employees, temporary employees, agency workers, 
and contractors. Hydro targets zero fatal accidents and 
life-changing injuries for own employees and 
contractors, and works to ensure continuous 
improvement on total recordable injuries (TRI) and high 
risk incidents (HRI).
People, inclusion and diversity
Hydro is attracting, sourcing, and retaining talent based 
on merit and in alignment with local laws and 
regulations. Strategic growth is enabled and sustained 
through building a solid pipeline of future successors for 
business critical roles. To support this vision, Hydro aims 
to improve performance on inclusion, engagement, 
integrity and collaboration indices in the biennial Hydro 
Monitor survey. 
Hydro has an ambition of 30 percent women in 
permanent and temporary positions, and 25 percent 
women in leadership positions by 2030.
People in affected communities
Hydro aims to improve lives and livelihoods wherever it 
operates by contributing to the protection of human 
rights and access to equal opportunities, resilient local 
communities in a changing world, and development of 
skills and jobs for the future low-carbon economy. 
Hydro has a target to equip 500,000 people with new 
skills and education by 2030.
Planet reflects Hydro’s ambition to lead the 
green aluminium transition by minimizing its 
environmental footprint. This includes 
achieving net-zero emissions by 2050 or 
earlier, protecting and restoring nature, and 
advancing circular economy principles. 
Hydro acknowledges the complex tradeoffs 
in industrial production and aims to operate 
within planetary boundaries, while 
contributing to a nature positive world.
Climate
Hydro’s target is to be a net-zero company by 2050 or 
earlier, delivering net-zero products and enabling a net-
zero society. Based on a 2018 baseline, Hydro targets 
30 percent reduction by 2030. Hydro also has upstream 
Scope 3 emission targets explained under Partners
.
Nature
To address material impacts to biodiversity through land 
use change, Hydro has minimum ambitions for new 
projects and major changes to existing operations, that 
risk impacting natural and critical habitat, to establish a 
biodiversity action plan that documents a credible No 
Net Loss (NNL) strategy for the biodiversity features at 
risk. Specifically for its bauxite mine in Paragominas, 
Brazil, Hydro has established a more ambitious NNL 
strategy, to achieve NNL of priority biodiversity features 
by completion of closure, from a 2020 baseline. This 
strategy is further supported by Hydro's longstanding 1-
to-1 rehabilitation target, aiming to start rehabilitation of 
areas impacted by mining, within two hydrological 
cycles.
To reduce pollution risk, Hydro has set a 50 percent 
reduction target for material non-GHG emissions to air, 
comprising SO2, NOx and particulate matter (PM). 
In relation to the company’s waste footprint, Hydro aims 
to eliminate the need for new bauxite residue storage 
areas by 2050 and to eliminate the landfilling of all other 
recoverable waste streams by 2040. This includes spent 
pot lining, which also has an interim 2030 target to 
reduce landfilling to below 35 percent.
Our targets and ambitions Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 22
People
 Planet

[page 23]
Profit
Profit is about ensuring the long-term financial robustness of 
the company and lifting Hydro’s cash flows. Hydro operates 
in a cyclical industry, and to enable profitability over-the-
cycle and execution on the company’s strategy under 
volatile market conditions, Hydro has a financial framework 
with four key pillars: profitability roadmaps, financial strength 
and flexibility, clear principles for capital allocation, and 
robust shareholder distribution. 
Profitability roadmaps
Adjusted return on average capital employed 
Hydro has a target to achieve an adjusted return on average capital employed 
(ARoaCE) of 10 percent over the course of a business cycle due to industry 
cyclicality. Cost of capital and ARoaCE targets are differentiated for each 
business area as risk and volatility of earnings, and cash flows in the 
underlying business activities differ 
Hydro’s main efforts to realize targeted capital returns include two levers all 
underpinned by Hydro’s sustainability agenda: the improvement programs and 
strategic growth initiatives.
2030 improvement program
In 2024, Hydro launched a new improvement program towards 2030, which 
will reinforce Hydro’s strong focus on performance and directly support 
successful execution of strategic targets. The improvement program is built 
around three core pillars: operational improvements, procurement and 
commercial excellence, where digital improvements play a pivotal role across 
all improvement programs. The improvement target aim to achieve NOK 6.5 
billion in accumulated improvements by 2030, against the 2024 baseline, 
where NOK 5.1 billion will be delivered in the 2026-2030 period. 
2030 accumulated improvements1
Commercial
(NOK 3.0 billion)
Operational 
(NOK 2.5 billion)
Procurement
(NOK 1.0 billion)
1) Against 2024 baseline
Strategic growth initiatives
Growth initiatives represent larger changes in the business portfolio focused 
towards Hydro’s strategy pioneering the green aluminium transition, powered 
by renewable energy. This includes seizing profitable growth opportunities in 
Recycling and Extrusions, and scaling renewable power generation. These 
areas support strengthening of Hydro’s position amid green and geopolitical 
shifts, and matches Hydro’s core industrial expertise.
Hydro 2030 profitability roadmap
If Hydro is able to deliver on its improvement program targets and strategic 
growth initiatives, Hydro has a potential 2030 ARoaCE of around 17 percent, 
based on a spot scenario. For further information on the assumptions for the 
market scenario, see Scenarios and financial modelling in the Managing 
uncertainty section.
Financial strength and flexibility
Hydro’s main strategy for mitigating risk related to volatility in cash flow is to 
maintain a strong balance sheet, investment grade credit rating and strong 
liquidity. At the same time, reducing the average cost position of production 
assets and allocating capital in line with the company’s strategic ambitions 
remains a key priority. Hydro considers this crucial to navigate the industry 
cycles, enabling investments during cyclical downturns and access the capital 
markets at attractive terms. In certain circumstances, derivatives may be used 
to mitigate financial risk in the business area or group levels. 
Currently, Hydro has a BBB rating with stable outlook at S&P Global and a 
Baa2 rating with stable outlook at Moody’s.
Hydro uses the ratio Adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA as the key 
indicator of balance sheet strength and the ability to absorb volatility in the 
markets. The target is to stay below 2.0 over the cycle, which aligns with the 
company’s ambition to maintain an investment grade credit rating. Hydro has 
a guidance on targeted adjusted net debt of around NOK 25 billion over the 
cycle.
A strong liquidity position is considered critical to support operations and 
investments through the industry cycle. In addition to a robust cash position, 
Hydro’s liquidity is supported by revolving credit facilities, overdraft facilities 
and short-term liquidity lines.
Hydro’s strategic hedge program is aimed at further strengthening the 
company’s financial flexibility and robustness. Using financial derivatives, the 
program seeks to lock in strong upstream margins and secure cash flows. For 
further details, see note 7.1 Capital Management
.
Our targets and ambitions Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 23
NOK
6.5
billion

[page 24]
Profit
Clear principles for capital allocation
Hydro’s capital allocation is based on strategic priorities, 
risk management and value generation potential. The 
business areas are grouped into different strategic 
modes, which impacts the allocation of return-seeking 
and growth capital. The sustaining capital allocation 
aims to minimize the operational reliability risk. Value 
generation potential is evaluated across the company 
based on differentiated return requirements per 
business area. 
Hydro achieved its target to reduce the net operating 
capital balance to NOK 30 billion by end of 2025. Hydro 
will continue to optimize net operating capital, and has 
guided on a net operating capital balance of NOK 30 
billion and a further performance improvement of two 
net operating capital days by end of 2026.
Differentiated return requirements based on risk profiles2
Bauxite & Alumina Energy Aluminium Metal Recycling Extrusions
Sustain and improve Selective growth Sustain and improve Growth Growth
10 - 11 percent return 
requirement
6 - 7 percent return 
requirement
10 - 11 percent return 
requirement
7 - 8 percent return 
requirement
7 - 8 percent return 
requirement
Reflecting higher capital 
intensity and expected 
volatility
Stable cash flows from 
hydropower assets in 
Norway
Reflecting higher capital 
intensity and expected 
volatility
Recycling business with 
lowered required capital, 
more stable margins
Lower required capital, 
more stable margins
Robust shareholder distribution
Hydro aims to provide its shareholders with a 
predictable dividend and a competitive return compared 
with alternative investments in similar companies. 
Hydro’s ambition is to distribute a minimum of 50 
percent of adjusted net income attributable to Hydro 
shareholders as ordinary dividend over the cycle, with a 
dividend floor of NOK 1.25 per share. The average 
dividend pay-out ratio over the last five years is 651 
percent. Share buybacks or extraordinary dividends will 
supplement dividends during periods of strong 
financials, with due consideration being given to the 
commodity cycle and capital requirements for future 
growth.
Partners underscores the importance of 
collaboration across the value chain. Hydro 
works closely with customers, suppliers, 
and other stakeholders to co-develop 
sustainable solutions, decarbonize supply 
chains, and promote transparency. 
Strategic partnerships are key to accelerate 
the transition to low-carbon, circular 
products and systems.
Strategic customer partnerships
Hydro’s approach to strategic partnerships is central to 
its 2030 strategy and long-term value creation. The 
company defines a Hydro strategic partnership as a 
long-term, unique agreement with selected third parties, 
often leading OEMs, where both parties share mutual 
goals, particularly around decarbonization, innovation, 
and market leadership. These partnerships are 
designed to go beyond traditional commercial 
transactions, aiming for shared vision, strategic fit, and 
mutual benefit, trust, transparency, and long-term 
commitment. Hydro’s partnerships typically involve 
multiple business areas and functions. For partners, 
Hydro offers access to its best people, resources, and 
technologies, aiming to help them achieve ambitious 
CO2 targets and strengthen their own market positions. 
Partnerships with industry leaders, like Porsche, 
Mercedes-Benz, and Volvo Group, are examples of how 
Hydro is setting new trends and shaping a paying 
market for low-carbon aluminium.
Greener premiums
Hydro is shaping the market for low-carbon aluminium 
through commercial partnerships. Collaborating with 
customers to develop the market for low-carbon 
aluminium is a crucial element of Hydro’s strategy to 
unlock further investments across the value chain. 
There is a growing demand for more sustainable 
materials, and partnerships help Hydro position to 
accelerate greener earnings uplift. 
Hydro is also focused on meeting and shaping customer 
demand for greener products. Increased sales of 
Hydro’s low-carbon brands, Hydro REDUXA and Hydro 
CIRCAL, are central to this strategy, positioning Hydro 
to capture greener earnings uplift while supporting 
customers’ sustainability ambitions.
Indirect Scope 3 GHG emissions
Hydro has strategic partnerships with many customers 
to design and develop more sustainable products. To 
deliver greener products with a lower-carbon footprint, 
Hydro has set targets to reduce total upstream Scope 3 
emissions by 15 percent by 2030, and to reduce 
upstream Scope 3 emissions per tonne aluminium 
delivered to the market by 30 percent by 2030. 
Improvements are driven by more conscious sourcing of 
metal inputs, including increasing the use of post-
consumer scrap (PCS) in the casthouses.
Our targets and ambitions Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 24
1 Average pay-out ratio calculated based on last 5 years including 2025 proposed dividend, dependent on approval from the Annual General Meeting May 7, 2026.
2 Return requirements are in real terms and refer to adjusted return on average capital employed. APMs are described in the appendix.
Partners

[page 25]
Managing uncertainty
Risk management
Hydro’s purpose is to create a more viable society by developing natural 
resources into products and solutions in innovative and efficient ways. Hydro 
meets this purpose, manages uncertainty and achieves its long-term 
objectives through the development and application of a robust risk 
management framework based on international standards, operated through a 
three lines of defense governance model. Hydro’s 2025 detailed risk review is 
included in Enterprise Risk Management in Hydro
 section.
Hydro’s key actions and initiatives to manage uncertainty include, but are not 
limited to:
• Physical control measures aimed at reducing the likelihood of fatal and life 
changing incidents have been developed and implemented in all business 
areas across geographical locations. Hydro’s fatality prevention procedures 
are well established and continuously improved.
• Maintaining robust and stable operations, a strong balance sheet, focus on 
operational and commercial improvements, competitive power contracts, 
and strategic hedging to support Hydro’s strong positioning during potential 
downturns.
• The ability to flex and adapt production capabilities to maximize short-term 
profitability in situations of changing demand.
• The execution of in-house research and development as well as 
participation in joint partnerships and projects with other leading industrial 
companies, universities, and research institutions combined with close 
monitoring of external developments.
• The identification and execution of technology based roadmaps to produce 
aluminium with a near-zero to zero footprint. This includes phasing out fossil 
energy sources throughout the value chain, removing direct emissions from 
production processes and stepping up the recycling of post-consumer 
aluminium scrap.
• Comprehensive climate risk assessments to better understand and mitigate 
the potential consequences of climate related physical events on Hydro’s 
operations. Hydro is committed to the integration of findings and 
management of such risks at an operational level.
• Climate strategy advocacy work on future climate related legislation, 
technology and market strategies aim to be consistent with a 1.5-degree 
scenario. Hydro’s long-term positioning, operational and financial planning 
reflect its assessment of related transition risks.
• A systematic dialogue with political, governmental, non-governmental, and 
local communities regarding the social and regulatory challenges facing 
Hydro’s operations and the communities in which it operates.
• Hydro’s emergency preparedness plans ensure an effective, cohesive, 
integrated, and timely response to business disruptions, regardless of origin, 
scale, or complexity. Additional information is provided in section Security 
and Emergency in chapter Own Workforce.
Hydro’s capabilities and positioning within renewable energy, low-carbon 
alumina, and aluminium products, sorting. and recycling as well as the 
ambitious range of broader environmental and social ambitions described on 
page 21
 position the company well to benefit from the transition to a low-
carbon economy and drive value creation.
Scenarios and financial modelling
Sensitivity analysis is an integral part of Hydro’s financial planning and is used 
to make informed decisions on matters such as investment capacity, capital 
structure, and hedging. As described during the 2025 Investor Day, Hydro has 
used two scenarios to analyze potential 2030 adjusted EBITDA (AEBITDA) 
and adjusted return on average capital employed (ARoaCE) under the 
assumption that the company delivers on its improvement program targets 
and strategic growth initiatives:
• Based on prices and foreign currency rates as of third quarter 2025 last 
twelve months, 2030 ARoaCE and AEBITDA could potentially be around 16 
percent and NOK 43 billion, respectively.
• Based on spot prices and foreign currency rates around the time of the 2025 
Investor Day, 2030 ARoaCE could potentially be around 17 percent and 
AEBITDA around NOK 45 billion, split into the following contributions per 
business area: Bauxite & Alumina NOK 5 billion, Aluminium Metal NOK 27 
billion, Extrusions NOK 9 billion and Energy NOK 4 billion.
The two scenarios are not forecasts, but show simplified indicative long-term 
potential based on a sensitivity analysis. Hydro’s financial results as of third 
quarter 2025 last twelve months are used as the basis for the sensitivity 
analysis. Adjustments to market prices, foreign currency rates and other short-
term effects impacting the period’s results have been made to arrive at 
simplified indicative long-term potential AEBITDA and ARoaCE in the 
scenarios. The market sensitivities are based on the expected Hydro market 
exposures for 2026. For further information on the market scenarios, see 
Hydro 2030 profitability roadmap assumptions in the presentation material.
To further inform Hydro’s strategic positioning towards 2030, several 
megatrends were explored through the identification of risks and opportunities 
beyond market prices and currency exchange rates. Cross cutting themes 
such as the increased geopolitical and national political uncertainty, changing 
sustainability expectations, weakening Nordic power balance, general 
aluminium market dynamics, and impact from the green transition were taken 
into consideration. Such themes, among others, have provided critical insights 
into how Hydro should navigate an uncertain world where resilience against 
diverse outcomes is essential, while facilitating the development of the 2030 
strategic direction.
Managing uncertainty Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 25

[page 26]
Market development and outlook
Geopolitical tensions and tariff measures have caused significant uncertainty 
and unpredictability in 2025, weighing on global trade and market sentiment. 
Despite this, the global economy remained broadly resilient. Inflationary 
pressures have eased across most regions, enabling central banks to cut 
policy rates. 
Bauxite and alumina
Following very tight alumina markets and all time high nominal prices in 2024, 
the global metallurgical alumina market rebalanced in 2025: production growth 
of 3.1 percent exceeded demand growth of 1.8 percent, driving prices lower 
throughout the year. The Platts alumina price index started the year at USD 
672 per mt and decreased throughout the year, ending the year at the annual 
low of USD 306 per mt.
In 2025, World ex-China metallurgical alumina production increased 2.6 
percent compared to 2024, exceeding the 2.0 percent demand growth. 
Production rose mainly driven by higher Indonesian production as new 
refinery capacity was commissioned. Alumina output in other major production 
regions was marginally lower.
In 2025, Chinese metallurgical grade alumina production increased 3.4 
percent compared to 2024, driven by new capacity commissioning, while 
demand increased 1.6 percent as Chinese aluminium production approaches 
the self-imposed 45 million mt per year capacity cap. Chinese alumina prices 
also declined throughout 2025, ending the year at the annual low. Domestic 
bauxite supply stabilized with alumina production growth relying on higher 
bauxite imports.  
Despite the Guinean authorities cancelling a number of bauxite mining 
concessions accounting for some 45 million tonnes of annual production 
capacity in 2025, the Chinese bauxite market remained well supplied and 
delivered bauxite prices fell throughout the year from the highs of the first 
quarter of 2025. 
The Platts alumina price index averaged USD 384 per mt for the year, a 24 
percent decrease compared to 2024 (USD 504 per mt). Prices as a 
percentage of three month aluminium price quoted on LME decreased 
throughout the year, averaging 14.6 percent for the year compared with 20.4 
percent in 2024. The price index at the end of 2025 represented 10.2 percent 
of the three month aluminium price quoted on LME, a new all time low.
China imported 1.2 million mt of alumina in 2025 compared to 1.4 million mt in 
2024. Australia accounted for 41 percent of imports followed by Indonesia and 
Vietnam with 26 percent and 17 percent, respectively. China exported 2.6 
million mt of alumina in 2025, of which 2.0 million mt to Russia. Alumina 
exports to Russia was 1.6 million mt in 2024. Alumina export countries other 
than Russia increased significantly to 0.6 million mt in 2025 from 0,2 million mt 
in 2024. Most shipments were in the first half of the year when the World ex-
China alumina market was very tight. China thus remained a net alumina 
exporter in 2025 (1.4 million mt), compared to 0.4 million mt in 2024.
China imported 201 million mt of bauxite in 2025, 26 percent higher than the 
previous year. Imports from Guinea increased 35 percent from 2024 to 149 
million mt whereas imports from Australia decreased by 6 percent to 37 million 
mt. These two countries accounted for 93 percent of China’s bauxite imports, 
slightly lower compared to 2024. 
The price of bauxite imported into China in 2025 increased significantly to an 
annual average of USD 79 per mt CIF China compared to USD 67 per mt CIF 
China in 2024.
Platts PAX development
USD/mt
Q1
24
Q2
24
Q3
24
Q4
24
Q1 
25
Q2
25
Q3
25
Q4
25
400
600
800
Market development and outlook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 26

[page 27]
Energy
In 2025, Nordic and Continental power prices increased somewhat from 2024. 
The Nordic hydrology started the year with a strong surplus, but ended the 
year around normal. The weather was warmer and with lower precipitation 
than normal. Nordic power prices are influenced by European power prices, 
however prices are largely decoupled due to the strong Nordic hydrology. The 
price area differences in the Nordics remained significant in 2025. The price 
area differences arise due to limited transmission capacity between the 
northern and southern parts of the Nordics.
In 2025, prices in the Brazilian power market started close to the minimum 
level set by authorities, but rose rapidly in March to remain at a high level 
throughout the year due to persistently weak hydrology. Price area differences 
were also significant, driven by strong inflows in the North early in the year 
and by strong wind generation in the Northeast in the second half of the year.
Primary aluminium
Global primary aluminium demand increased by 2.2 percent in 2025 to 74.3 
million mt in 2025 due to a stabilizing macro environment in the World ex-
China and increased demand in China. Global supply increased by 1.8 
percent to 74.0 million mt, resulting in a market deficit of 310 thousand tonnes 
in 2025. Primary production in China increased 1.6 percent year on year in 
2025, as new capacity was put into operation. Supply in the World ex-China 
increased by 2.0 percent in 2025, driven by the restarts of some production in 
South America and Europe, and new capacity in Indonesia. Demand in 
downstream segments increased throughout 2025 in most sectors, except 
building and construction.
Three month LME prices started the year around USD 2,552 per mt and 
ended the year at USD 2,996 per mt. Prices have been volatile throughout the 
year, where an increased share of speculative trading on the exchange have 
led to fast movements in either direction. Additionally, a bullish copper market 
has contributed to the rise in aluminium prices towards the second half of 
2025.
For most of the year prices remained in a range between USD 2,500 per mt 
and USD 2,700 per mt as the general cost picture for smelters capped prices 
on the upside, while tight market conditions capped prices on the downside. 
Chinese SHFE prices were higher than LME throughout the year even with a 
constant inflow of Russian metal at discounted prices. 
The U.S. and European standard ingot premiums started the year at USD 515 
per mt and at USD 360 per mt respectively. European standard ingot 
premiums were volatile throughout the year reaching a bottom of USD 188 per 
mt in summer and ending in December at USD 335 per mt. The premium was 
under pressure during the first half of 2025 due to a flow of Canadian metal 
coming into the market, but have since regained footing on a tightening 
market. 
The U.S. Midwest standard ingot premium had a volatile year as well, starting 
the year at USD 515 per mt and ending the year at USD 2,007 per mt. In 
general, the U.S. Midwest increased on increased tariff rates on aluminium 
into the U.S.. Average U.S. Midwest standard ingot premium increased USD 
868 per mt compared to 2024, while corresponding standard ingot premiums 
in Europe decreased about USD 62 per mt. 
LME stock levels remained relatively stable throughout the year at around 0.5 
million mt, characterized by a stable amount of Russian aluminium and some 
other origins fluctuating more. Total global inventories, including unreported 
inventories, are estimated to have decreased by 0.3 million mt in 2025. The 
total stock level is estimated to be around 9.5 million mt at the end of 2025.
The European demand for wire rod remained strong in 2025, and the demand 
for sheet ingot was stable. The consumption of extrusion ingot experienced 
overall continued weakness in 2025, and the consumption of primary foundry 
alloys saw a continued weakness from automotive.
Energy spot price
NOK/MWh
NO2 price (Kristiansand)
NO3 price (Molde, Trondheim)
System price
Q1
24
Q2
24
Q3
24
Q4
24
Q1
25
Q2
25
Q3
25
Q4
25
0
500
1000
1500
Premiums
US Midwest Europe duty paid
Japan 3m
Q1
24
Q2
24
Q3
24
Q4
24
Q1 
25
Q2
25
Q3
25
Q4
25
0
1000
2000
3000
Market development and outlook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 27

[page 28]
For 2026, global primary aluminium demand is expected to increase by 
around 2 percent and aluminium production is expected to increase by around 
2 percent, resulting in a global surplus of around 0.2 million mt. Demand for 
primary aluminium outside China is expected to increase by around 2.8 
percent in 2026. Corresponding production is expected to be up about 4.5 
percent, leaving the world outside China in a slight surplus in 2026. Imports of 
primary metal into China are expected to be around 0.1 million mt higher in 
2026 compared to 2025. Production growth has slowed from previous years 
as China is closing in on the primary production capacity cap. Chinese primary 
production is expected to increase by 0.9 percent in 2026. Primary demand is 
estimated to increase by around 1.0 percent, resulting in a continued surplus 
in 2026 after imports.
Recycling
Throughout 2025, recycling margins for both extrusion ingot and foundry alloy 
recycled products remained under pressure driven by weak end product 
demand combined with tight scrap markets. 
Despite weaknesses in some market segments for aluminium such as 
automotive, and building and construction, global demand for low-carbon 
recycled material, and consequently for aluminium scrap, has continued to 
increase. At the same time, low industrial activity has led to reduced scrap 
generation in manufacturing processes as well as lower post-consumer scrap 
recovery through demolition. This supported continued elevated scrap prices 
in 2025.
In general, scrap generation will follow the overall economic recovery. In 
addition, global scrap generation is expected to increase by around 22 million 
mt between 2025 and 2035 (approximately three percent annually) as the 
aluminium content in products is growing, more products are reaching their 
end of life, and scrap recovery rates are increasing with improving collection 
methods and sorting technologies. Shorter-term scrap availability will, 
however, continue to be challenged by intensifying competition for scrap in all 
the key regions.
China has been investing in additional recycling capacity, which has reached 
21 million mt in 2025. Domestic scrap generation in China, while expecting 6 
percent annual growth between 2020 and 2030, is not yet sufficient to supply 
the expanding recycling production, with scrap imports used to bridge the gap. 
Overall European aluminium scrap exports increased moderately from a 
historically high level in 2024 of 1,71 million tonnes to 1,78 million mt in 2025, 
while the U.S. exports remain at 10 year high levels, increasing by 5 percent 
from 2,05 million mt in 2024 to 2,14 million mt in 2025.
Compared to a 2024 baseline, the European recycling aluminium market is set 
to expand recycling capacity by around 650 thousand mt in the next three 
years, predominantly in extrusion ingot, driving up the demand for wrought 
aluminium scrap. Furthermore, on top of continued pressure from export 
markets, scrap supply will also be challenged by reduced imports from the 
Middle East on the back of new recycling capacity expansions in the region. 
On the other hand, due to investments made by scrap processors over the 
past several years in advanced large scale sorting technologies, it will be 
possible to extract higher volumes of the desired grades from the typical 
mixed export grade materials, easing some of the supply tightness.
The North American market will also experience even more rapid development 
of its recycling capacity over the same period. Over 1.5 million mt of sheet 
ingot expansions have been announced into 2027, and up to 500 thousand mt 
of additional extrusion ingot capacity. To meet the supply challenges in feeding 
the new capacities, it is expected that much of the exports of wrought grades 
which leave the continent today will stay domestic in the future.
LME price (3 month aluminium USD/mt)
Q1
24
Q2
24
Q3
24
Q4
24
Q1 
25
Q2
25
Q3
25
Q4
25
2000
2250
2500
2750
3000
3250
Market development and outlook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 28

[page 29]
Extruded products
Extrusion demand remained moderate in Europe and North America in 2025, 
following decreasing demand over the last years. In North America, the 
automotive segment faced headwinds from weaker production of electric 
vehicles than expected and the transport segment was negatively impacted by 
lower build rates of commercial truck and trailer. North American extrusion 
demand for building and construction increased slightly amid lower interest 
rates. Moreover, higher aluminium prices in the U.S. market amid higher tariffs 
negatively impacted the extrusions demand in segments such as distribution. 
In Europe, extrusion demand for the building and construction segment 
stabilized at moderate levels, while demand for the automotive and electrical 
segments increased somewhat. The transition to electric vehicles is shaping 
up in Europe, with production of electric vehicles increasing in 2025 after 
declining in 2024. Muted industrial activity negatively impacted extrusion 
demand in industrial segments in both Europe and North America. 
Overall, European demand is estimated to have increased by 1 percent in 
2025 compared to 2024. CRU estimates that European extrusion demand will 
increase by three percent in 2026 compared to 2025, with growth picking up in 
the second half of the year. North American demand is estimated to have 
decreased two percent in 2025 compared to 2024. CRU estimates that North 
American extrusion demand will increase by one percent in 2026 compared to 
2025.
Extrusion demand per region 
Indexed 2015 = 100
Europe North America
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
80
100
120
140
Market development and outlook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 29

[page 30]
Our 
performance
31 Performance against objectives
32 Performance across four dimension
37 Adjustments to EBIT and other performance measures
38 Key financial exposures

[page 31]
Performance 
against 
targets and 
ambitions
Strategic focus Performance measure Targets and ambitions6 2025 2024 2023
People
Number of fatal accidents Zero fatal accidents 0 1 1
Total recordable injuries3 Zero life-changing injuries 0 1 1
Equal opportunities 30 percent women employees in permanent and temporary positions, and 
25 percent women in leadership positions, by 2030
24%
21%
24%
21%
23%
20%
Planet
Total greenhouse gas 
emissions1 10 percent reduction by 2025 and 30 percent by 2030 against 2018 baseline (18.7)% (16.1)% (11.9)%
Other emissions to air:
- Sulfur dioxide (SO2) 
- Nitrogen oxide (NOx)
- Particulate matter (PM10)
50 percent reduction by 2030 against 2017 baseline
SO2: (51)%
NOx: (71)%
PM10: (39)%
SO2: (41)%
NOx: (57)%
PM10: (37)%
N/A
Profit
Adjusted RoaCE4 Profitability target of >10 percent over-the-cycle 10.2% 8.5% 7.1%
Improvement program5 NOK 6.5 billion accumulated improvements by 2030 against 2024 baseline NOK 1.4 
billion
NOK 10.1 
billion
NOK 8.8 
billion
Pay-out-ratio ≥ 50 percent of adjusted net income over-the-cycle 60% 50% 59%
Partners
Greener premiums Increase sale of Hydro CIRCAL and Hydro REDUXA to realize greener premiums potential (sum of 
sold volumes) 528 kt 475 kt 400 kt
Indirect Scope 3 GHG 
emission
30 percent reduction of indirect GHG emission per tonne aluminium by 2030 against 2018 
baseline2 (20.5)% (19.1)% (28.8)%
1 Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by ownership equity. See note E1.1 for more information.
2 By ownership equity. Comprises material upstream Scope 3 categories. See note E1.3 for more information.
3 Includes both employees and contractors. See note S1.3 for more information.
4 Alternative performance measures (APMs) are described in the appendices.
5 Hydro has launched a new improvement program for 2025. Improvement program impacts for 2024 and 2023 are related to the previous program, which were against the 2018 baseline.
6 Please note that targets and ambitions are based on current assumptions and expectations, and circumstances may arise - such as changes in market conditions, regulatory developments, or other external factors - that could prevent us 
from achieving them. We are not legally or contractually obligated to meet these targets or ambitions, and they should not be interpreted as commitments or forecasts.
Performance across four dimensions Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 31


[page 32]
Performance across four dimensions
People
Hydro aims to improve lives and livelihoods wherever it operates by 
contributing to the protection of human rights and access to equal 
opportunities, resilient local communities in a changing world, and 
development of skills and jobs for the future low-carbon economy. In 2025, 
Hydro continued to map salient human rights risks across the countries where 
it operates or that are part of its value chain, and prioritized the follow up of 
identified human rights risks.
Health and safety 
Hydro values human life above all other considerations and will not 
compromise the health and safety of those working for Hydro or that are 
affected by the company’s activities. Hydro targets zero fatal accidents and life 
changing injuries. In 2025, the total recordable injury (TRI) rate was 1.75 per 
million hours worked by employees and contractors, with the majority of 
injuries relatively minor. 
People, inclusion and diversity
In 2025, Hydro set a new ambition of 30 percent women employees in 
permanent and temporary positions combined by 2030, and maintained its 
ambition of 25 percent women in leadership positions by 2030. Hydro’s overall 
gender balance in 2025 was 24 percent, against the 2025 ambition of 25 
percent. The share of women in management was the same in 2025 as in 
2024, with 21 percent of leadership positions in Hydro comprising women at 
the end of 2025, against the target of 25 percent.
High risk incidents (HRI) and total recordable incidents (TRI)
Incidents per million hours worked by employees and contractors
1.4
0.8 0.7 0.8
0.5
3.3
2.4 2.4
2.0
1.8
HRI TRI
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
The positive safety development measured in the TRI and HRI trend 
continued from 2024 to 2025, and Hydro achieved its best TRI result ever. 
Importantly, there was no fatality or life changing injury in 2025. 
People in affected communities
In 2025, Hydro spent NOK 514 million (NOK 300 million in 2024) in its local 
communities on community investments, donations and sponsorships. 
Initiatives and projects supported are aligned with Hydro’s Just Transition 
priorities and includes four new community centers (TerPaz) in Brazil and 
several new initiatives under the Just Transition program. 
Hydro also progressed towards its target to equip 500,000 people with skills 
and education for the future low-carbon economy by 2030, reaching more 
than 71,000 people in 2025. In total, 312,000 people have benefited from 
Hydro’s education and skills initiatives since 2018.
Workers in the supply chain
In 2025, Hydro conducted 180 audits and reviews of suppliers covering topics 
such as human rights, working conditions, and HSE. Approximately 41 percent 
of the audits led to corrective action plans, and by the end of 2025, nearly all 
corrective actions proposed by Hydro had led to improved performance.
Performance across four dimensions Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 32

[page 33]
Planet
Hydro’s ambition is to lead the green aluminium transition, underpinned by a 
commitment to deliver net-zero aluminium by 2050 or earlier and to minimize 
environmental impacts, driven by renewable power and technological 
innovation, with measures to protect and restore nature and reduce 
biodiversity impacts. 
Greenhouse gas emissions
Hydro’s target is to be a net-zero company by 2050 or earlier, delivering net-
zero products and enabling a net-zero society. Based on a 2018 baseline, 
Hydro targets 30 percent reduction of total Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions. In 2025, Hydro’s total Scope 1 and 2 emissions were 18.7 
percent lower than the 2018 climate strategy baseline, exceeding the target of 
10 percent reduction compared to the baseline. The reductions in 2025 are 
primarily the result of the fuel switch project and electrification at the Alunorte 
alumina refinery. 
Hydro has also set targets for reducing indirect, Scope 3 greenhouse gas 
emissions and works closely with its partners
 in the supply chain to deliver 
products with lower-carbon footprint.  
Nature and biodiversity
Hydro targets 50 percent reduction in material non-GHG emissions by 2030, 
including sulfur dioxide (SO2), nitrogen oxide (NOX) and particulate matter 
(PM). In 2025, total emissions of SO2, NOX, and particulate matter were 51 
percent, 71 percent, and 39 percent lower, respectively, compared to the 2017 
baseline, meeting several of Hydro’s 2030 emissions targets already in 2025. 
A key driver for this improvement has been the replacement of heavy fuel oil 
with natural gas at the Alunorte alumina refinery. 
Hydro works to mitigate and compensate for its impacts on nature. Hydro’s 1:1 
rehabilitation target aims to begin rehabilitation of mined areas within two 
hydrological cycles, ensuring progressive restoration of land impacted by its 
mining operations, and Hydro has an ambition to achieve no net loss of 
priority biodiversity features by closure of the mine, against a 2020 baseline. 
In 2025, Hydro delivered on its target for progressive rehabilitation of mined 
areas, with all land released from mining operations more than two 
hydrological cycles prior, undergoing rehabilitation by the end of the year.
Since 2023, Hydro has required all new projects and major modifications to 
existing operations that may affect natural or critical habitats, to implement a 
biodiversity action plan with a No Net Loss strategy for the priority biodiversity 
features at risk.
The Illvatn Pumped Storage Project, launched in 2025, is the first hydropower 
project to qualify under Hydro’s No Net Loss of biodiversity commitment. The 
project is piloting a nature accounting framework developed with Fornybar 
Norge, using a 2025 baseline of priority nature types to quantify expected 
impacts and enable comparison of nature losses and gains over time.
Waste management
Hydro aims to eliminate landfill of all recoverable waste by 2040, and to landfill 
less than 35 percent of spent pot linings (SPL) by 2030. In 2025, Hydro 
landfilled 16 percent of its waste and 47 percent of its SPL.
Total greenhouse gas emissions by ownership equity against 2018 baseline
Scope 1 and 2, million mt CO2e
10.0
8.8 8.4 8.1
5.9 5.7 5.5
2.9 2.7 2.7
Direct GHG emissions Indirect GHG emissions
2018 baseline 2023 2024 2025
See note E1.1 for details on GHG emissions accounting principles.
Performance across four dimensions Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 33

[page 34]
Profit
Adjusted EBITDA for the full year of 2025 increased to NOK 28,889 million 
from NOK 26,318 million compared to 2024. Higher all-in aluminium price, 
higher upstream volumes, higher energy net spot sales, and positive 
eliminations were partly offset by negative currency effects, lower alumina 
price, lower extrusions margins and volumes, and somewhat higher fixed 
costs.
Adjusted net income
Adjusted net income amounted to NOK 11,155 million in 2025, up from NOK 
9,278 million in 2024. Increase in adjusted EBITDA and lower finance expense 
were partly offset by higher income taxes. 
Net income
Net income amounted to NOK 8,304 million in 2025, compared to 5,040 in 
2024. In addition to the factors described above, net income included NOK 
1,504 million unrealized loss on LME related contracts, NOK 1,795 million in 
rationalization charges and closure costs, NOK 1,069 in impairment charges, 
and NOK 1,007 million in net foreign exchange gain.
Norsk Hydro ASA (the parent company) had a net income of NOK 5,880 
million in 2025 compared to NOK 12,792 million in 2024.
Adjusted return on average capital employed (ARoaCE)1
Hydro’s ARoaCE ended at 10.2 percent during 2025, where Energy and the 
upstream business areas delivered returns well above their cost of capital, 
supported by relatively high upstream prices. The downstream segments 
delivered ARoaCE below their cost of capital in continued challenging 
markets. Over the last 5 years, the average adjusted RoaCE is 13.3 percent, 
above the target of 10 percent over the cycle.
Cash effective change in net operating capital1
Hydro has continued the strong focus on operating capital management. The 
net operating capital decreased by NOK 2.0 billion to NOK 29.5 billion during 
2025, reflecting a strong seasonal release and adaption to market demands. 
Adjusting for currency and other non-cash effects, the cash effective release 
was NOK 1.4 billion in 2025.
Cash effective capex1
Total cash effective capex in 2025 ended at NOK 12.1 billion, a reduction from 
the NOK 15.1 billion in 2024. During the year, several large return-seeking and 
growth projects within the strategic growth areas were completed. In 
Extrusions, key press replacements and upgrades in the U.S. and Europe 
(Gainesville press, Albi press replacement, new Tønder automotive press), 
together with several automation projects, were finalized. In Recycling, the 
Kety expansion and modernization and the Nowa Sol HySort projects were 
commissioned. Other projects prioritized for 2025 include critical maintenance 
activities needed to safeguard Hydro’s production assets across all business 
areas. Examples include smelter relining in Aluminium Metal, bauxite pipeline 
section replacements in Paragominas, power plant rehabilitation and 
upgrades in Energy, as well as recycler upgrades in Metal Markets.
Free cash flow1
Free cash flow from continuing operations ended at NOK 13.0 billion in 2025, 
up from NOK 2.8 billion in 2024. The improved cash flow in 2025 was a result 
of stronger EBITDA upstream, lower investment level and a net operating 
capital release.
Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow, NOK billion
28.0
39.7
22.3
26.3
28.9
10.5
14.0
-0.2
2.8
13.0
Adjusted EBITDA Free cash flow
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
Adjusted RoaCE per business area
10.2%
18.6%
17.2%
14.4%
(2.2)%
0.8%
Hydro Bauxite & 
Alumina
Energy Aluminium 
Metal
Metal 
Markets
Extrusions
Performance across four dimensions Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 34
1 For further details, see the Alternative Performance Measures (APM).

[page 35]
Profit
Dividend
Hydro’s ambition is to deliver competitive shareholder returns compared to 
alternative investments in comparable companies. Considering Hydro’s strong 
financial performance, the Board of Directors has proposed to distribute NOK 
5.9 billion in dividends, which represents 60 percent of 2025 adjusted net 
income per share and a dividend of NOK 3.0 per share. The final shareholder 
distribution for 2025 is subject to approval by the Annual General Meeting on 
May 7, 2026.
Net debt1
Hydro’s net debt was NOK 9.7 billion at the end of 2025, compared to net debt 
of NOK 16.0 billion at the end of 2024. The net debt decrease was mainly 
driven by a positive free cash flow, partially offset by shareholder distributions 
and new lease. 
Adjusted net debt1
Hydro’s adjusted net debt was NOK 18.2 billion at the end of 2025, compared 
to NOK 24.1 billion at the end of 2024. The adjusted net debt decrease was 
mainly driven by decreased net debt, which were partly offset by increased 
collateral and other liabilities. 
Adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio2
Hydro’s average adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 0.7, well below 
the targeted maximum ratio of 2.0 over the cycle. 
Improvement program
Hydro’s improvement program is built around three pillars: operational 
improvements, procurement, and commercial excellence, and will deliver NOK 
6.5 billion towards 2030. For further details, see Profit
 in Our targets and 
ambitions. 
By the end of 2025, Hydro realized NOK 1.4 billion in improvements, against 
the 2024 baseline, exceeding the estimate of NOK 0.6 billion for the year. The 
following figure illustrates the distribution of improvements across Hydro’s 
business areas:
Realized improvement by business area
0.7
0.2
0.2
0.3
Bauxite & Alumina
Aluminium Metal
Extrusions
Energy and staff 
initiatives
In Bauxite & Alumina the improvement impact was mainly driven by 
debottlenecking efforts in Alunorte, as well as strong commercial performance. 
In Aluminium Metal the largest improvements were coming from the 
commercial efforts and the procurement program. There were also several 
operational improvements, including smart breakers in primary production and 
scrap optimization in Recycling. In Extrusions the largest improvements were 
driven by the procurement activities, while the operational improvements 
included several automation initiatives. In Energy and staff units the main 
savings were realized through restructuring and efficiency activities, including 
process automation and license consolidation.
Performance across four dimensions Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 35
1 For further details, see note 7.1 Capital management.
2 For further details, see the Alternative Performance Measures (APM).

[page 36]
Partners
Strategic customer partnerships
Hydro’s approach to strategic partnerships is central to its 2030 strategy and 
long-term value creation. By working closely with frontrunner customers such 
as Velux, Porsche, Volvo Group, and Mercedes-Benz, Hydro supports the 
transition to low-carbon, circular products, and systems. These collaborations 
focus on co-developing sustainable solutions, securing local and regional 
supply, and maintaining security of resources. Hydro and Nordic power cable 
provider, NKT, formed a strategic partnership to develop a best in class, low-
carbon aluminium power cable value chain for the development of Europe’s 
renewable energy grid, where an offtake agreement for Hydro REDUXA was 
signed in 2025. 
Hydro’s partnerships are instrumental in developing and delivering greener 
aluminium products with a lower-carbon footprint. Through agreements such 
as the NKT offtake for Hydro REDUXA and the first U.S. Hydro CIRCAL 
volumes to Vode Lighting, Hydro is expanding the reach of its low-carbon 
product portfolio. In 2025, Hydro achieved sales of 58 thousand tonnes of 
Hydro CIRCAL and 470 thousand tonnes of Hydro REDUXA. A more than 50 
percent increase in greener products earnings in 2025 versus 2024, 
demonstrates the growing market appetite for sustainable materials. 
Indirect Scope 3 GHG emissions 
Hydro’s targets a 30 percent reduction in upstream Scope 3 emissions per 
tonne aluminium by 2030, against a 2018 baseline. A key driver will be 
increased use of recycled post-consumer scrap to produce new aluminium 
products. Hydro’s ambition is to increase its capacity to process post-
consumer scrap to 850 - 1,100 thousand tonnes by 2030. In 2025, Hydro 
achieved a 20 percent reduction in upstream Scope 3 emissions per tonne 
aluminium against the baseline, and recycled 496 thousand tonnes of post 
consumer scrap, compared to 451 thousand tonnes in 2024. 
Progressing on low-carbon aluminium volumes
Sales volumes (kt)
20 40 50 51 57 5875
250
421
349
418
470
Hydro CIRCAL Hydro REDUXA
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
0
200
400
600
Transparent ESG performance1
Hydro reports on its sustainability performance in accordance with the 
European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) and the GRI Standards, 
and continues to improve its performance against several ESG ratings. 
Sustainalytics MSCI
13.5 (Low risk)
1/37 in aluminium industry
2/220 in diversified metals
AA rating
Dow Jones 
Sustainability Indices
Ecovadis
65%
Europe Index Inclusion 
DJSI inclusion since 1999
78/100
94th percentile
ISS ESG
B+ rating
Corporate rating: prime 
status
1 ESG rating as of 31.12.2025.
Performance across four dimensions Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 36

[page 37]
Adjustments to EBIT and other performance measures
Adjusting items to EBITDA, EBIT and net income
Reported earnings before financial items and tax (EBIT) and net income (loss) include effects that are disclosed in the 
table below. Adjusting items to EBIT and adjusted net income (loss) are defined and described as part of the Alternative 
Performance Measures in the Appendices.
NOK million ¹⁾ 2025 2024 2023
Unrealized derivative (gain)/loss on LME related contracts  1 504  580  (1 530) 
Unrealized derivative (gain)/loss on power and raw material contracts  453  (90)  887 
Total timing differences  1 956  491  (642) 
Significant rationalization charges and closure costs ²⁾  1 795  407  265 
Community contributions Brazil ³⁾  -  -  25 
Impairment charges equity accounted investments  444  1 079  - 
Transaction related (gain)/loss ⁴⁾  (429)  (439)  120 
Net foreign exchange (gain)/loss ⁵⁾  (322)  (595)  (883) 
Other effects ⁶⁾  (251)  (1 168)  83 
Adjusting items to EBITDA  3 193  (225)  (1 033) 
Impairment charges ⁷⁾  1 069  22  4 424 
Adjusting items to EBIT  4 262  (202)  3 391 
Net foreign exchange (gain)/loss and other  (1 007)  6 021  2 084 
Calculated income tax effect  (403)  (1 580)  (445) 
Adjusting items to net income  2 851  4 238  5 031 
Income (loss) tax rate  39 %  43 %  57 %
Adjusted income (loss) tax rate  34 %  37 %  35 %
1 Negative figures indicate reversal of a gain and positive figures indicate reversal of a loss.
2 Significant rationalization and closure costs include a provision for costs related to reduction of overcapacity, closures and environmental clean-up 
activities in Hydro Aluminium Metal and Hydro Extrusions.
3 Community agreements includes provisions for the TAC and TC agreements with the Government of Parà and Ministèrio Pùblico made in 
September 2018, including later adjustments for changes in cost estimates, and similar agreement.
4 Transaction related effect includes gains(losses) of divestments as described in the Alternative Performance Measures section in the appendices.
5 Realized currency gains and losses from risk management contracts and embedded currency derivatives in physical power and raw material 
prices.
6 Other effects include adjustments as described in the Alternative Performance Measures section in the appendices.
7 Impairment charges for 2025, 2024 and 2023 include goodwill and property, plant and equipment in the operating plants in Bauxite and Alumina, 
Tomago and Slovalco smelter in Aluminium Metal and various sites and assets in Hydro Extrusions.
Other performance measures
NOK million, except per share data 2025 2024 2023
Revenue  207 971  203 636  193 619 
Earnings before financial items, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA)  25 696  26 543  23 291 
Adjustments to EBITDA¹⁾  3 193  (225)  (1 033) 
Adjusted EBITDA¹⁾  28 889  26 318  22 258 
Hydro Bauxite & Alumina  9 339  10 799  1 828 
Hydro Energy  4 152  3 540  3 146 
Hydro Aluminium Metal  11 409  9 668  10 502 
Hydro Metal Markets  360  1 175  1 533 
Hydro Extrusions  3 479  4 065  6 480 
Other and eliminations  151  (2 928)  (1 231) 
Adjusted EBITDA¹⁾  28 889  26 318  22 258 
Earnings before financial items and tax (EBIT) ²⁾  14 401  16 487  9 592 
Adjusted EBIT¹⁾  18 663  16 284  12 983 
Net income (loss)  8 304  5 040  2 804 
Adjusted net income (loss) ¹⁾  11 155  9 278  7 835 
Earnings per share  3.41  2.90  1.77 
Adjusted earnings per share ¹⁾  5.02  4.50  4.26 
Financial data
Investments ¹⁾²⁾  14 135  21 034  25 647 
Net debt ¹⁾  (9 669)  (15 976)  (8 191) 
Key operational information
Bauxite production (kmt) ³⁾  10 516  10 506  10 897 
Alumina production (kmt)  6 086  5 973  6 185 
Realized alumina price (USD/mt) ⁴⁾  432  462  359 
Primary aluminium production (kmt)  2 065  2 038  2 031 
Realized aluminium price LME (USD/mt)  2 573  2 374  2 218 
Realized USD/NOK exchange rate  10.39  10.75  10.37 
Extrusions sales volumes to external market (kmt)  978  988  1 090 
Power production (GWh)  9 543  9 298  9 697 
1 Alternative performance measures (APMs) are described in the appendices.
2 EBITDA and investments per segment are specified in Note 1.4 Operating and geographic segment information in the financial statements.
3 Paragominas production, on wet basis.
4 Weighted average of own production and third-party contracts. The majority of the alumina is sold linked to either the LME prices or alumina index 
with one-month delay.
Other performance measures Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 37

[page 38]
Key financial exposures
Hydro’s operating results are in the short-term primarily affected by price 
developments of Hydro’s main products, raw materials, margin developments, 
and fluctuations in the most significant currencies for Hydro, which are USD, 
NOK, EUR, and BRL.
Hydro enters into derivative forward sales contracts both on the LME and with 
banks to secure prices on parts of the planned aluminium production as part 
of securing a margin level for periods up to about three years when 
considered beneficial. To mitigate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations, 
long-term debt is mainly maintained in currencies reflecting underlying 
exposures and cash generation.
The table shows sensitivities related to aluminium prices and foreign currency 
fluctuations for 2026. The table illustrates the sensitivity of adjusted earnings, 
before tax, interest and depreciation to changes in these factors and is 
provided to supplement the sensitivity analysis required by IFRS, included in 
note 8.2 Financial instruments to the financial statements. These sensitivities 
are on an adjusted basis and do not consider revaluation effects of derivative 
instruments, which may influence earnings. The sensitivities include the 
impact from financial risk management contracts per December 31, 2025. 
Furthermore, the sensitivities are calculated based on the currencies in which 
the respective prices are denominated and will not fully reflect the underlying 
exposure. Hydro’s upstream business is essentially long alumina, aluminium, 
and product premiums, and short energy (power, gas, and coal), caustic soda, 
pet coke, pitch, BRL, and NOK. While the commodity prices are denominated 
in USD and EUR, the underlying exposure is primarily against the factors 
driving the cost curve at the relevant pricing percentile in the respective 
markets. The short BRL and NOK exposure is linked to production costs in 
Brazil and Norway. Hydro’s downstream segments have a clearer currency 
profile with a net long exposure to USD and EUR reflecting the main 
currencies in the markets in which they operate.
Sensitivities based on annual production
Commodity price sensitivity +10 USD/mt
NOK million
Adjusted 
EBITDA
Aluminium 150
Currency sensitivities
NOK million USD BRL EUR
‘+1.00 NOK/
USD
‘+0.10 NOK/
BRL
‘+1.00 NOK/
EUR
Sustainable effect, Adj. EBITDA 4 900 (520) (210)
One-off reevaluation effect, Financial items (680) 480 (3 310)
Annual sensitivities based on normal annual production volumes and 
reflecting strategic hedge positions. Aluminium price sensitivity based on USD/
NOK 10.00.
Key financial exposures Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 38

[page 39]
Our 
governance
40 Governing bodies
41 Corporate governance
44 Board of Directors
45 Executive Leadership Team
47 Risk review
64 The Hydro share
67 Regulations

[page 40]
Governing bodies
Governing bodies Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 40
General Meeting of shareholders
References: NUES section 6 and Hydro.com
The General Meeting of shareholders is the company’s highest decision-making body. 
Board of Directors
References: NUES section 6 and 9 and Hydro.com
The Board is responsible for the company’s value creation, and sets and monitors the company’s 
objectives, strategy and risk profile. The Board is focused on ensuring that considerations of 
sustainability are closely linked to the company’s activities and value creation. 
External auditor
References: NUES section 14
KPMG is Hydro’s external auditor
Board Audit Committee
References: NUES section 9 and Hydro.com
Assists the Board of Directors in supervision of its responsibilities.  
See also the Board Audit Committee mandate.
Board People and Remuneration Committee
References: NUES section 9 and Hydro.com
Reviews the performance  and propose the remuneration for the 
President & CEO, and the other members of the Executive 
Leadership Team. See also the Board People and Remuneration 
Committee mandate. 
Nomination Committee
References: NUES section 7 and Hydro.com
Recommends members for the Board of Directors and the 
Nomination Committee to be elected by  the General meeting;  
Recommends remuneration of the Board members and the 
Nomination Committee. See also the Nomination Committee 
mandate.
President & CEO
References: Hydro.com
The President & CEO constitutes a formal governing body responsible for the day-to-day  
management of the company.
Internal audit
References: NUES section 9 and Business conduct section
Internal Audit provides independent assurance to management and 
the Board of Directors by evaluating whether Hydro’s risk 
management, control, and governance processes are adequate 
and contribute to the achievement of the company’s objectives
Group compliance
References: Business conduct section
Group Compliance supports the organization in developing 
compliance awareness and skills to comply with the requirements 
set out by relevant rules and regulations, as well as Hydro's 
governance documents.

[page 41]
Corporate governance 
Hydro is a public limited liability company organized with a governance 
structure based on Norwegian corporate law. Hydro’s corporate governance 
provides a foundation for value creation and good control mechanisms in the 
form of global governing documents that describe mandatory requirements for 
all parts of the organization.
Hydro follows the most recent Norwegian Code of Practice for Corporate 
Governance (NUES) dated August 28, 2025. The Board of Directors’ report in 
relation to NUES can be found in the Appendix
. 
Information regarding shareholder policy can be found in the Hydro Share 
section of the Our Performance chapter
. Hydro’s strategic direction is 
described in the Our business chapter.
Governing documents and Code of Conduct 
Hydro’s governance structure is based on applicable laws and regulations, 
and Hydro’s governing documents, with delegation of responsibility to the 
business areas and to corporate functions, whose duties include finance, tax 
and accounting, sustainability, people and HSE, governance, legal, and 
compliance. Hydro sets common requirements in the form of constituting 
documents and global governing documents (together “governing 
documents”). Constituting documents are approved by the Board of Directors 
or the General Meeting of shareholders, while global governing documents 
are approved by the President & CEO. Hydro’s governing documents are 
available to all employees.
In 2025, Hydro completed a review to simplify and streamline all global 
governing documents.The updated global governing documents entered into 
force on January 1, 2026. 
Hydro’s governing documents help ensure that all employees carry out their 
activities in an ethical manner, and in accordance with legislation and Hydro 
standards. The Code of Conduct addresses compliance with laws and 
matters, such as handling of conflicts of interest and a commitment to equal 
opportunities for all employees. The defined programs contribute to 
compliance with anti-corruption and basic human rights, and other relevant 
governance areas. Hydro’s Code of Conduct is a constituting document and 
applies to all Hydro employees throughout the world, as well as to the Board 
of Directors of Hydro and its subsidiaries. For legal entities where Hydro holds 
less than 100 percent of the voting rights, Hydro’s representatives in such 
boards of directors or in other governing bodies, shall act in compliance with 
Hydro’s governing documents and endeavor to implement the principles as 
laid down therein. 
For information about Hydro’s Code of Conduct, other constituting documents 
and global governing documents see Hydro.com/principles
. For information 
about Hydro’s whistleblowing procedures, see Business Conduct in the 
sustainability statement.
Governing bodies
General Meeting of shareholders
Hydro’s shareholders exercise ultimate authority through the General Meeting. 
Persons who own shares on the fifth business day prior to the General 
Meeting are entitled to attend and vote at the General Meeting, either in 
person or by proxy. 
The General Meeting approves the Articles of Association. It elects the 
shareholders’ representatives of the Board of Directors of the company 
(“Board of Directors” or the “Board”) and determines the Board’s 
remuneration. It elects the company’s external auditor and approves the 
auditor’s remuneration. It also approves the integrated annual report and the 
statutory report according to Norwegian requirements, including the dividend 
proposed by the Board. It elects the Nomination Committee and determines its 
remuneration, and deals with any other matters listed in the notice convening 
the meeting. Shareholders may submit a written request at least four weeks 
prior to an ordinary General Meeting to have a matter, accompanied by a 
proposed resolution, included on the agenda of the General Meeting, or to 
receive an explanation regarding the inclusion of a particular item on the 
agenda.
Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee consists of three to four members who are 
shareholders or shareholder’s representatives. Its members and chairperson 
are elected by the General Meeting for periods of up to two years. The 
Nomination Committee makes its recommendation to the General Meeting 
regarding the election of shareholder elected members on the Board of 
Directors, remuneration to the members and deputies of the Board, the 
election of the members and chairperson of the Nomination Committee, and 
remuneration to the members of the Nomination Committee. The guidelines 
for the Nomination Committee are adopted by the General Meeting and 
include Hydro’s requirements for independence, shareholder interests, 
competence, capacity, and diversity. 
The Nomination Committee consist of the following members: 
• Susanne MunchThore (Chair)
• Karl Mathisen
• Muriel Bjørseth Hansen 
• Harald Serck-Hanssen
Corporate governance Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 41

[page 42]
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors consisted of 11 members as of December 31, 2025. 
Seven are elected by the General Meeting of shareholders, four are elected 
by and among the company’s employees in Norway. All shareholder elected 
board members are elected for a period of up to two years.The employee 
representatives on the Board have deputies. In accordance with Norwegian 
law, the Board assumes the overall governance of the company, ensures that 
appropriate management and control systems are in place, and supervises 
the day to day management as carried out by the President & CEO. 
The Board has established procedures for its own work. These are set out in 
the Rules of Procedures
 for the Board of Directors of Norsk Hydro ASA. The 
Rules of Procedures have a particular emphasis on clear internal allocation of 
responsibilities and duties vis-à-vis the Board and the President & CEO.
The Board has an annual work plan with particular emphasis on objectives, 
strategy and implementation. It includes recurring topics such as strategy 
review, business planning, risk and compliance oversight, financial reporting, 
people strategy, succession planning as well as health and safety, and 
sustainability, including social responsibility, climate, and environment. The 
Board is closely following the market, macroeconomic, and geopolitical 
developments relevant for the aluminium and renewable energy industry.
The Board works to ensure that sustainability is considered in the company’s 
activities and value creation, and is regularly informed by the President & CEO 
about material impacts, risks and opportunities related to sustainability 
matters.
The Board oversees that Hydro has appropriate governing documents for 
issues including risk management, business conduct, health and safety, 
people management, social responsibility, and human rights. Impact, risks, 
and opportunities related to sustainability, including environment and climate 
change, social responsibility, diversity, health, safety, and compliance, are 
integrated into the group’s risk management and strategy processes, and are 
at the center of the Board’s considerations and decision making throughout 
the year.
All shareholder elected members were in 2025 deemed to be independent 
according to the Norwegian standards. 
None of the company’s shareholder 
elected board members had any other service contractual agreements with 
the company. No members elected by and among the employees are part of 
the company’s executive management. Employee elected board members 
have no other service contractual agreements with the company outside of 
their employment contracts, though they are subject to their duties as board 
members. 
All new board members take part in an onboarding process focusing on 
Hydro’s industries, operating model, risk management and sustainability 
approach, including its Code of Conduct. Regular orientations and discussions 
are performed in the Board on the same topics. 
The Board conducts an annual self-assessment of its work, competence, skills 
and expertise, and cooperation with management. This includes an 
assessment of the Chair.
Board People and Remuneration Committee
The Board People and Remuneration Committee consists of three members 
of the Board of Directors. The Committee assists the Board in exercising its 
oversight responsibility in relation to compensation matters pertaining to the 
President & CEO and other members of the Executive Leadership Team. It 
also assists in other compensation issues of principal importance, and 
strategic people processes in the company such as succession planning, 
leadership and talent, and diversity and inclusion.
The Committee shall regularly consider the appropriateness and 
competitiveness of the remuneration arrangements for the President & CEO 
and other members of the Executive Leadership Team.
The Board People and Remuneration Committee performs an annual self-
assessment.
Board Audit Committee
The Board Audit Committee consists of four members of the Board of 
Directors, and meets the Norwegian requirements for independence and 
competence. The Committee assists the Board in exercising its oversight 
responsibility with respect to the integrity of the company’s financial 
statements and sustainability reporting, the financial and sustainability 
reporting processes, internal controls, systems of risk management, and the 
compliance system. In addition, the Committee oversees qualifications, 
independence, and performance of the external auditor and Hydro’s internal 
audit function. As part of overseeing the external auditor’s independence and 
performance, the Board Audit Committee maintains a pre-approval policy 
governing the external auditor’s engagement. 
To ensure the independence of the internal audit function, the Chief Audit 
Executive reports to the Board through the Board Audit Committee, and meets 
with the Board for approval of the audit plan and integrated annual report. The 
Chief Audit Executive participates in all Board Audit Committee meetings and 
reports quarterly status on the audit plan and alert management. The Chief 
Compliance Officer has a dotted reporting line to and meets regularly with the 
Board Audit Committee. 
The Board Audit Committee performs an annual self-assessment. 
President & CEO and the Executive Leadership Team 
The President & CEO constitutes a formal governing body responsible for the 
day to day management of the company. The President & CEO leads Hydro 
with the assistance of the Executive Leadership Team. The division of 
functions and responsibilities between the President & CEO and the Board is 
defined in greater detail in the Rules of Procedures for the Board of Directors, 
a governing document established and approved by the Board. 
The Executive Leadership Team, including the President & CEO, has a shared 
responsibility for promoting Hydro’s objectives and securing the company’s 
property, organization, and reputation. Members of the Executive Leadership 
Corporate governance Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 42

[page 43]
Team are also Executive Vice Presidents with responsibility for the respective 
business areas and corporate staffs.
The Executive Leadership Team oversees the management of Hydro, 
including governance processes and business conduct, controls, and 
procedures to monitor sustainability related impacts, risks, and opportunities. 
The Executive Leadership Team is regularly informed about such sustainability 
related impacts, and risks and opportunities which are considered in all major 
business decisions, including new projects and major changes to existing 
facilities. Hydro’s corporate directives and procedures delegate responsibility 
for sustainability due diligence, and managing sustainability related impacts, 
risks, and opportunities to corporate staff and line management in the 
business areas. 
Corporate staff and the business areas report on Hydro’s performance against 
targets and KPIs on a quarterly basis.
In 2025, the Executive Leadership Team had several deep dives, including, 
but not limited to, risk management, cyber security, artificial intelligence, 
geopolitical developments, HSE, people, human rights, technology, and 
operational and safety deep dives for the business areas Energy, Extrusions, 
and Aluminium Metal.  
Management and Board remuneration
Please refer to the Remuneration repor
t for information concerning 
remuneration and remuneration policies, share ownership, loans outstanding 
and loan policy relating to Hydro’s Board of Directors and Executive 
Leadership Team.
Hydro Board competency
The Board updated its self-assessment of certain competence areas for all 
shareholder elected board members in 2025. In addition to the experience of 
the shareholder elected board members, the employee representatives on the 
Board bring significant experience from the industry and their fields of 
expertise.
Industry relevant experience Level of competency
Industry experience GICS 1510 Materials: upstream ●●●●●●●
Industry experience GICS 1510 Materials: downstream ●●●●●●●
Industry experience GICS 5510 Utilities ●●●●●●●
Supply chain ●●●●●●●
Customer and markets ●●●●●●●
General experience
CEO / large scale leadership ●●●●●●●
CFO, finance and audit committee ●●●●●●●
Corporate governance / legal and public affairs ●●●●●●●
Mergers and acquisitions ●●●●●●●
Risk management ●●●●●●●
Strategy ●●●●●●●
HR / remuneration ●●●●●●●
Workers and human rights ●●●●●●●
IT and cybersecurity ●●●●●●●
Digitalization ●●●●●●●
Environment and climate ●●●●●●●
● Practiced competence, ● Familiarity
Corporate governance Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 43

[page 44]
Board of Directors
Rune Bjerke Kristin Fejerskov Kragseth Marianne Wiinholt Philip New Jane Toogood Espen Gundersen
Chair of the Board                                 
Chair of Board People and Remuneration 
Committee
Deputy Chair of the Board                
Member of Board People and 
Remuneration Committee
Board member                                     
Chair of Board Audit Committee
Board member                                 
Member of Board Audit Committee
Board member Board member                                
Member of Board Audit Committee
Read more
Read more Read more Read more Read more Read more
Kim Wahl Arve Baade Margunn Sundve Bjørn Petter Moxnes Ellen Merete Olstad
Board member Employee representative of the Board 
Member of Board People and 
Remuneration Committee
Employee representative of the Board Employee representative of the Board 
Member of Board Audit Committee
Employee representative of the Board
Read more Read more Read more Read more Read more
Board of Directors Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 44


[page 45]
Executive Leadership Team
Eivind Kallevik Trond Olaf Christophersen Kari Ekelund Thørud Hanne Karine Simensen John Thuestad Paul Warton
President and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer
Executive Vice President                         
Hydro Energy
Executive Vice President                       
Hydro Aluminium Metal
Executive Vice President                     
Hydro Bauxite & Alumina
Executive Vice President                    
Hydro Extrusions
Read more
Read more Read more Read more Read more Read more
Hilde Vestheim Nordh Anne-Lene Midseim Therese Rød Holm
Executive Vice President                   
People & HSE
Executive Vice President                
Compliance, IP & General Counsel
Executive Vice President              
Communication & Public Affairs
Read more
Read more Read more
Executive Leadership Team Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 45


[page 46]
Other details
Board of Directors
Name Place of residence Year of birth
Meetings 
attended
Number of 
Hydro 
shares1) Director since Term expires2)
Rune Bjerke Oslo, Norway 1960 15 26 700 2020 2026
Kristin Fejerskov Kragseth Stavanger, Norway 1967 15 1 200 2022 2026
Marianne Wiinholt Copenhagen, Denmark 1965 15 - 2016 2026
Philip Graham New Oxford, United Kingdom 1962 15 1 598 2022 2026
Jane Toogood Cambridge, United Kingdom 1965 15 1 000 2024 2026
Espen Gundersen Oslo, Norway 1964 15 10 000 2024 2026
Kim Wahl2 Oslo, Norway 1960 8 40 000 2025 2027
Arve Baade Sunndalsøra, Norway 1967 15 6 995 2018 2027
Margunn Sundve Haugesund, Norway 1971 15 1 486 2022 2027
Bjørn Petter Moxnes Sunndalsøra, Norway 1960 15 1 217 2022 2027
Ellen Merete Olstad3 Oslo, Norway 1963 8 6 380 2025 2027
1 As per December 31, 2025.
2 New Board member elected at the AGM May 9, 2025 (attended all meetings since being elected).
3 New employee-representative of the Board after the Employee election on April 29,2025 (attended all meetings since being elected).
The number of Board meetings were 15.
Resigned board members:
Name Place of residence Year of birth Position
Meetings 
attended
Director 
since
Peter Kukielski Toronto, Canada 1956 Director 7 2019
Torleif Sand Årdal, Norway 1967 Employee-representative of the Board 7 2022
Executive Leadership Team
Name Place of residence Year of birth
Employed in 
Hydro since Position since
Number of Hydro 
shares1)
Eivind Kallevik  Oslo, Norway 1967 1998 2024
 111 605
Trond Olaf Christophersen Oslo, Norway 1972 1997 2024  23 659
Hilde Vestheim Nordh Asker, Norway 1969 1995 2019  51 043 2)
Anne-Lene Midseim Oslo, Norway 1968 1998 2015  58 899
Therese Rød Holm Bærum, Norway 1975 2014 2022  14 540
John Thuestad Asker, Norway 1960 2017 2018  107 455 3)
Kari Ekelund Thørud Oslo, Norway 1975 2022 2024  4 766
Hanne Karine Simensen  Oslo, Norway 1967 1994 2024  6 664
Paul Warton Loughton, Essex, United Kingdom 1961 2021 2021  53 038
1 As per December 31, 2025.
2 Including shares owned by spouse.
3 Including shares owned through Jothur AS, a private equity investment firm.
Other details Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 46

[page 47]
Enterprise risk management (ERM) 
in Hydro
Risk management is an integral part of all our business activities and 
decisions. 
The Board of Directors sets expectations, oversees Hydro’s system of risk 
management and reviews key risks through biannual updates which serve as 
an important foundation for the strategy and business planning processes. In 
addition, specific risk topics are subject to more frequent updates. Progress on 
risk prevention and mitigation is reflected in the remuneration schemes of the 
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Executive Leadership Team. The Board 
Audit Committee supports the Boards supervisory role. The Executive 
Leadership Team is responsible for Hydro’s risk management framework at 
group level and assists the CEO in its execution. The framework is based on 
international standards and Hydro more specifically adheres to the Committee 
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission’s ‘COSO Internal 
Control – Integrated Framework’ (2013) with respect to Financial Reporting.
The further attribution of risk management roles in Hydro are supported by the 
development of a three lines of defense (3LoD) governance model. 
Risk management is an integral part of all 
our business activities and decisions
The first line of defense resides with managers at all levels. Business areas 
and group functions have the responsibility for and ownership of business and 
HSE risks. They ensure that risks within their respective areas of 
accountability are identified, analyzed, adequately mitigated, documented and 
reported. The frequency of updates is dependent on the nature of each risk as 
well as the pace of internal or external change.
The second line comprises governance owners and subject matter experts on 
different risk areas as well as an Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) function. 
They assess the need for and develop requirements for managing risk as well 
as coordinate biannual risk updates. More broadly, the second line supports, 
challenges and monitors the first line of defense.
The third line comprises Group Internal Audit & Investigation. This department 
independently evaluates whether Hydro’s risk management, control, and 
governance processes, as designed and implemented by management, are 
adequate and contribute to the achievement of the organization’s objectives.
Through the 3LoD model, major risks are managed according to Hydro’s risk 
appetite and consolidated at group level through the annual strategy process, 
with a status update provided in the business planning process, while risk 
prevention and mitigation plans progress on an ongoing basis.
An overview of key risks, including developments during the last 12 months 
and related mitigating actions, is included below. This overview is derived from 
Hydro’s risk matrix, which facilitates risk oversight and prioritization.
Overall, Hydro has seen an evolution of the company’s risk profile rather than 
a material change. Hydro continues to make progress towards the 2030 
Strategy amid a complex sustainability context while navigating a volatile 
geopolitical and macroeconomic global arena. 
Despite Hydro’s best efforts, risk management activities may fail or prove to 
be inadequate to prevent or mitigate all risks. As risks increase, decrease, or 
change and new risks emerge over time, the information contained in this 
section should be carefully considered by investors.
The risk process
A. Strategic and business level objectives are communicated, the 
internal and external environment is evaluated, and the scope of the 
risk process is determined
B. Upside and downside risks are identified and assigned to risk owners 
across business areas and group functions
C. Significant risks are further analyzed using appropriate risk 
techniques to establish their materiality
D. Risk responses including mitigating activities are selected and 
implemented based on cost relative to benefit
E. Risk outcomes are reported within business areas and group 
functions, as well as further aggregated at group level to support  
Board oversight 
F. Risk information is monitored and reviewed on an ongoing basis, 
considering the pace of internal and external change
Risk review Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 47
Hydro’s 
objectives
E
Report
risks
B
Identify
risks
F
Monitor and
review
A
Set 
context
D
Respond to
risks
C
Analyze
risks

[page 48]
Hydro’s risk categories
Strategic risks
Strategic risks are emerging challenges to the achievement of Hydro’s 
strategic objectives. They could have a significant upside and are 
characterized by their large scale and potential long-term impact on 
sustainability and profitability. They are generally influenced by structural 
shifts in the external business environment.
Strategic risks
Performance 
reference1
Ability to 
influence Trend
Macroeconomic developments, 
geopolitical tensions, protectionism 
and trade disruptions
Low ↗
Complex and evolving sustainability 
landscape    
 Moderate ↗
Value chain 
integration    
High →
Regulatory and policy framework 
uncertainty
Low ↗
Climate 
change    
Low →
Business risks
Business risks are mainly operational or influenced by operational 
processes. Short-term mitigation is typically within Hydro’s control, in 
particular for risks within plant boundaries. Hydro’s main business risks could 
impact several parts of the value chain with a broad range of consequences.
Business risks
Performance 
reference1
Ability to 
influence Trend
Insufficient asset 
integrity  
High →
Material legal or 
compliance incident
High →
Major breach of 
cyber security  
Moderate ↗
Failure to meet social performance 
expectations  
Moderate →
Pandemic  
 Low →
Material tax 
change
Low →
Health, safety and environment (HSE) risks
HSE risks relate to health, safety, security and/or environmental events. They 
are often operational or influenced by operational processes. Hydro’s main 
HSE risks could influence multiple parts of the business. In addition to their 
HSE related consequences, these risks may also result in major legal, social, 
reputational and financial impacts.
HSE risks
Performance 
reference1
Ability to 
influence Trend
Fatal or life changing 
accident  
High →
Security 
incident  
Moderate →
Impact on the 
environment   
Moderate →
Structural collapse or other major 
accident  
Moderate →
Risk review Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 48
1 Symbols refer to key performance measures which are described here.

[page 49]
Strategic risks
MACROECONOMIC DEVELOPMENTS, GEOPOLITICAL TENSIONS, 
PROTECTIONISM AND TRADE DISRUPTIONS
Performance reference Ability to influence Trend
Low ↗
Description
• The aluminium industry is pro-cyclical with demand for products closely 
linked to overall economic conditions. Barriers to free trade may be 
imposed with the intention of protecting national interests. Geopolitical 
tensions are often the underlying cause of such actions. Trade and supply 
chain disruptions can impact the access to and cost of raw materials.
Why it matters
• Protectionism may directly affect Hydro’s ability to access certain markets 
and trade competitively. It also leads to lower economic growth, which 
could indirectly affect demand for Hydro’s products.
• Higher import duties and trade barriers increase costs, impacting the 
quantity, quality and price of internationally traded goods which Hydro 
requires to run its operations.
• Periods of macroeconomic uncertainty or recession can increase the 
price volatility for aluminium products, affecting Hydro’s ability to deliver 
stable returns. Macroeconomic developments also drive changes in 
currency rates, which may have a significant adverse effect on Hydro’s 
cost and competitive position.
• Changing industry dynamics in major aluminium producing countries may 
see large volumes of aluminium enter the market, reducing global price 
levels.
• In the long-term, renewable energy scarcity and high supply costs in 
countries where Hydro operates could affect the company’s 
competitiveness. 
See here for ‘profit’ key performance measures
↗ Represents increased uncertainty 
2025 developments
• 2025 has been particularly volatile on the global arena following the new 
U.S. presidency in January and its unprecedented speed of change in trade 
barriers. Several bilateral agreements on tariff levels have over the year 
been reached, but uncertainty remains elevated and trade tensions can re-
escalate. Accordingly, concerns around domestic/regional industry, self-
sufficiency and security of supply are increasing on the agenda. 
• Despite measures of appeasement in the last quarter, 2025 again 
highlighted risks in areas of strategic importance, such as China’s 
dominance in rare earth materials. 
• Import duties on Chinese electric vehicle imports to the EU remain, with 
potential impacts for the automotive industry and its supply chain, both 
within and outside Europe. 
• Economic growth remains muted amid high tariff levels and geopolitical 
uncertainty. Major central banks have cut policy rates to accommodate 
growth. Demand remains soft within some customer segments, yet the 
longer-term trends still point to a favorable role for aluminium within the 
green transition where Hydro is well placed with its low-carbon primary and 
recycled aluminium products.
Risk response
• Robust and stable operations, a strong balance sheet, high focus on 
operational and commercial improvements, competitive power contracts, 
and strategic hedging support Hydro’s robust positioning during potential 
downturns.
• Faced with macroeconomic uncertainty and weak markets, Hydro has taken 
measures during the course of 2025 to ensure its financial flexibility 
including a diligent cost focus, reduction in overall workforce, and cuts in 
investment levels. Mitigating actions within Hydro Extrusions and Recycling 
are ongoing, where current production flexibility and adaptation abilities are 
being utilized to maneuver falling demand while any further curtailments are 
evaluated considering market conditions.
• In general, Hydro is well positioned to handle challenges arising from 
protectionism and regionalization. The majority of Hydro’s network of 
aluminium metal plants are located within large well established markets. 
Hydro’s downstream operations have a strong local presence in both 
Europe and North America. Hydro actively participates in organizations 
aiming to promote and foster fair trade, such as European Aluminium and 
the U.S. Aluminum Association.
• The supply chain risk is managed through a combination of physical 
inventory build ups for key raw materials, selective hedging, long-term 
agreements with approved suppliers and commercial activities in the 
marketplace.
• As part of its strategy, Hydro is scaling renewable energy generation to 
address the company’s and society’s need for renewable energy at 
affordable cost. 
• Further information on Hydro’s mitigating financial measures is available in 
the section on Key financial exposures
 and Note 8.1 on Financial and 
commercial risk management.
Risk review Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 49

[page 50]
Strategic risks
COMPLEX AND EVOLVING SUSTAINABILITY LANDSCAPE
Performance reference Ability to influence Trend
   
 Moderate ↗
Description
• Stakeholder expectations on Hydro’s sustainability performance continue 
to evolve. While Hydro’s CO2 footprint is among the lowest of aluminium 
producers, the production process remains energy and carbon intensive. 
In addition, key stakeholders are increasingly looking beyond carbon and 
focusing on the overall sustainability footprint, including nature, social 
factors and their trade-offs.
Why it matters
• Hydro is committed to minimizing its environmental and social footprint at 
all stages of the aluminium value chain and aims to contribute to thriving, 
inclusive, and fair societies.
• Meeting or exceeding expectations may create opportunities to build a 
comparative advantage and deliver significant value creation. Conversely, 
a failure to deliver on expectations could negatively impact Hydro’s 
license to operate, damage Hydro’s reputation and increase the risk of 
substitution away from aluminium.
• Hydro’s low-carbon products and strong nature and social performance 
position the company as a preferred partner for customers, opening doors 
to long-term contracts, co-investments, and access to green financing. 
The successful commercialization of technology that reduces the 
sustainability footprint of Hydro’s direct competitors or competing 
materials and industries could impact Hydro’s comparative advantage.
See here for ‘people’ key performance measures
See here for ‘planet’ key performance measures
See here for ‘partners’ key performance measures
See here for ‘profit’ key performance measures
↗ Represents increased uncertainty
2025 developments
• Global cooperation on the sustainability agenda has seen a setback during 
2025, emphasized by the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris Agreement in 
January. Moreover, federal level ESG regulation in the U.S. has stalled. At 
the same time, the EU is progressing its green agenda. This has the 
potential to result in fragmented sustainability expectations across regions.
• Nevertheless, global awareness and attention toward sustainability remains, 
and customers globally are confirming their sustainability targets. 
• In December, the EU agreed on a new 2040 climate target of a 90 percent 
reduction in net greenhouse gas emissions compared to 1990 levels, 
expected to become law in early 2026. Progress will be reviewed and 
assessed every two years, taking into account competitiveness and energy 
prices. The agreement also opens up for the use of high-quality international 
credits for up to 5 percent of the emissions reductions. 
• Sustainability regulation is increasingly influenced by broader policy 
objectives, such as self-sufficiency and domestic industry competitiveness, 
and is under growing pressure from geopolitical and trade tensions. This 
dynamic was exemplified in the U.S. and Qatari lobbying efforts surrounding 
the EU Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD) 
regulation.
• Trade barriers and the global decline in democratic systems may elevate 
supply chain risk and cost.
Risk response
• In 2023, Hydro presented its 2030 strategy ‘Pioneering the green aluminium 
transition, powered by renewable energy.’ The strategy’s execution is 
underway, leveraging on the company’s strong existing sustainability 
position, high share of renewables, and efforts throughout the value chain to 
further reduce the carbon footprint of its products as key enablers for the 
green transition. Hydro targets a 30 percent reduction in greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions by 2030 and has the ambition to reach net-zero by 2050. 
• The interim target of a 10 percent reduction by 2025 has been met through a 
reduction of CO2 emissions across the value chain including Alunorte’s fuel 
switch to Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) implemented during 2024, the 
electrification of boilers, efficiency and technology developments at the 
smelters together with the increased recycling of post-consumer scrap.
• Hydro conducts research and development both in-house and in joint 
partnerships and projects with other leading industrial companies, 
universities, and research institutions.  
• Current projects to reduce direct emissions from primary aluminium 
production include carbon capture and storage as well as CO2 free primary 
production through a chloride based process called HalZero. A new 
dedicated test facility for HalZero in Porsgrunn, Norway has been completed 
and is now in the start up phase. 
• Hydro’s work on contributing to Nature Positive and the implementation of 
the Just Transition framework continues. Social and economic development 
in areas where the company operates is supported by direct and indirect job 
creation, the purchase of goods and services and support to local 
communities. 
• Further information on material sustainability topics is available in chapter 5 
Sustainability.  
Risk review Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 50

[page 51]
Strategic risks
VALUE CHAIN INTEGRATION
Performance reference Ability to influence Trend
   
 High →
Description
• Hydro sources almost all alumina from its own operations in Brazil, 
whereby the bauxite mine at Paragominas supplies the majority of raw 
materials to the Alunorte alumina refinery through a 244 kilometer long 
pipeline.
• The company has made significant efforts over several years to enhance 
the robustness of its operations in the region, addressing asset integrity, 
physical climate events as well as a complex political and social 
environment.
Why it matters
• Hydro’s integrated aluminium value chain offers advantages in terms of 
end-to-end management and product traceability. 
• Value chain concentration also has downside risk where upstream 
disruptions in bauxite and alumina production could negatively impact 
metal production.
See here for ‘people’ key performance measures
See here for ‘planet’ key performance measures
See here for ‘partners’ key performance measures
See here for ‘profit’ key performance measures
→ Represents stable outlook
2025 developments
• Significant investments in community relations continue, including 
completion of peace houses. Hydro’s “Corridor program” has continued to 
attract significant interest from sustainability oriented customers and 
partners in Hydro’s value chain. Hydro’s mapping of sustainability trends and 
expectations indicates that interconnectedness and complexity between 
climate, nature and social themes will only increase in and outside Brazil. 
The strength of Hydro’s integrated value chain is increasingly valuable to 
Hydro customers that require sustainable and traceable raw materials.
• The Conference of Parties (COP) 30 in Belem in November 2025 was an 
important arena for Hydro to demonstrate how it works in a responsible way, 
including showcasing concrete initiatives supporting its sustainability 
roadmap on climate, nature and social themes.
Risk response
• In Brazil, initiatives continue to improve Hydro’s asset integrity with 
significant investments in the tailings management, wastewater treatment 
and security of power supply. Paragominas has almost completed all 
sections of the pipeline replacement and maintenance work, while the 
operational interaction with traditional communities saw positive outcomes. 
Further details are provided in the ‘Asset Integrity’ and ‘Major Accident’ risks.
• Alongside this, Hydro continues to invest in initiatives to strengthen 
community relationships and reduce its long-term environmental impact. The 
Alunorte refinery’s fuel switch to LNG came online last year and two 
electrical boilers have been taken into operation in 2025, reducing CO2 and 
other emissions to air.  
• Mitsui has joined Hydro in the Corridor program to create a collaboration 
network that drives local sustainable development, demonstrating the value 
of Hydro’s integrated value chain from a customer perspective. 
• Hydro is engaged in a systematic dialogue with political, governmental, non-
governmental, and local communities regarding the social and regulatory 
challenges facing its operations and the communities in which it operates.
• The physical adaptation of assets and supply chain robustness are 
important mitigating factors against the risks posed by climate change 
related incidents such as floods, landslides, droughts, the implications these 
may have on the local environment as well as Hydro’s ongoing ability to 
operate safely, access raw materials, and markets. 
• Overall, Hydro has a sufficiently long alumina position to provide flexibility 
and security of supply for its smelters. Commercial activities within alumina 
and other raw materials provide access to key markets and additional 
sources as tools to further manage the risk of supply disruption.
Risk review Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 51

[page 52]
Strategic risks
REGULATORY AND POLICY FRAMEWORK UNCERTAINTY
Performance reference Ability to influence Trend
Low ↗
Description
• The aluminium industry is subject to a broad range of local and global 
regulatory frameworks, including mining regulations, tariffs, labor laws 
and power industry regulations. Additionally, EU climate related 
regulations such as the implementation of national and regional CO2 
taxes are at the forefront of the current uncertainty. 
• The pressure to meet climate goals is driving the pace of new regulations 
and their increased scope regarding all aspects of sustainability.
Why it matters
• Sustainability driven developments in regulatory frameworks represent an 
opportunity for Hydro. There might, however, be unintended 
consequences arising from complexity, the uneven impact of and 
increased emphasis on legislation, potentially impacting aluminium’s 
competitiveness versus other materials, the economic viability of Hydro’s 
operations and/or ability to conduct business in certain markets.
• A failure to comply with such laws across multiple local and global 
regulatory frameworks could expose Hydro to investigations, criminal and 
civil sanctions such as fines, penalties or loss of licenses, materially 
impacting the financial results. In addition, there could be other adverse 
consequences such as reputational damage. 
See here for ‘profit’ key performance measures
↗ Represents increased uncertainty
2025 developments
• Industrial policy is moving up on the political agenda in both Europe and the 
U.S., with greater emphasis on securing the raw materials supply, 
strengthening domestic production, and safeguarding regional industrial 
competitiveness alongside the decarbonization of energy intensive 
industries. 
• In the EU, climate objectives remain central, but the focus is shifting from 
regulatory expansion to implementation, simplification, and competitiveness, 
driven by growing member state concerns over regulatory burden, cost 
impacts, and security of supply.
• In 2023, the EU adopted a revised Emissions Trading System (EU ETS) and 
the Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM). Under this framework, 
the free allocation of ETS allowances for aluminium production will be 
gradually phased out between 2026 to 2034, while a CBAM charge on 
imported goods is progressively introduced.
• CBAM is expected to be revised several times between 2026 and 2034. 
Ahead of the CBAM’s entry into definitive phase in January 2026, the 
European Commission published extensive proposals in late 2025 to revise 
and expand the mechanism. These include extending CBAM to certain 
downstream aluminium products and pre-consumer aluminium scrap 
content. Indirect emissions for aluminium remain excluded for aluminium.
• In Norway, an agreement was reached in 2024 on the future of the EU ETS 
Indirect Carbon Cost compensation scheme (ICC), valid from 2024 to 2030.
• The Critical Raw Materials Act and Net Zero Industry Act include aluminium 
as a strategic raw material, and set targets for production of green 
technology in the EU. The Steel and Metals Action Plan in the first quarter of 
2025 contained the most relevant policies for the aluminium industry, but 
binding regulation in areas such as the ICC after 2030 and specific 
aluminium scrap export rules have not yet been adopted. In December 
2025, the EU Commission launched a targeted public consultation aimed at 
addressing the leakage of aluminium scrap from Europe.
• In the U.S., the new administration has scaled back several green transition 
incentives under the Inflation Reduction Act. This has the potential to result 
in fragmented sustainability requirements across regions.
Risk response
• Hydro continues to actively engage with regulators and industry 
associations, where appropriate, to ensure that aluminium’s position is taken 
into consideration. Hydro has been involved in the development of 
international frameworks on climate change and greenhouse gas emissions 
as well as raw materials policies supporting the establishment of a level 
playing field for the industry.
• For power industry regulations, Hydro engages in various activities to 
support and promote sustainable energy policies in the regions in which it 
operates, in addition to securing competitive energy supplies for its own 
operations.
• Further information is available in the section on Regulations.
Risk review Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 52

[page 53]
Strategic risks
CLIMATE CHANGE
Performance reference Ability to influence Trend
   
 Low →
Description
• Climate change related risks comprise climate related physical events 
that may impact the integrity of Hydro’s assets (physical risks) as well as 
strategic challenges arising from climate related policies, regulations, and 
customer demand for net-zero or low-emission solutions (transition risks). 
• Physical risks could result from climate related acute and/or chronic 
changes in rainfall patterns, flooding, shortages of water or other natural 
resources, variations in sea levels, storm patterns, and temperatures. 
• Transition risks could result from an increased demand for low-carbon 
products and solutions, higher costs for greenhouse gas emissions, and 
production inputs, as well as changes to market prices for aluminium 
based products.
Why it matters
• Hydro is committed to reducing emissions in its own operations and 
enabling its customers and society to do the same.
• The consequences of physical risks on Hydro’s facilities and operations 
are highly uncertain and could include the flooding of containment basins, 
interruptions to production processes, infrastructure failures, and the 
potential for major accidents.
• Transition risks could positively affect the demand for and valuation of 
Hydro’s low-carbon products and portfolio while also requiring the 
implementation of additional low-emission solutions throughout the value 
chain. Current technologies may not be able to meet abatement and 
emissions requirements, necessitating the development of new solutions 
to reduce Hydro’s carbon footprint.
See here for ‘people’ key performance measures
See here for ‘planet’ key performance measures
See here for ‘partners’ key performance measures
See here for ‘profit’ key performance measures
→ Represents stable outlook
2025 developments
• Physical climate risks are on the rise, evidenced by the increased 
occurrence of climate events such as floods, drought and forest fires. Hydro 
is exposed to such physical climate risks through its global footprint, 
although there was no significant impact to its operations over the course of 
2025.
• Transition risks are reflected in the increased demand for low-carbon 
aluminium in Hydro’s markets. The sales of Hydro REDUXA and Hydro 
CIRCAL have increased accordingly as Hydro continues to attract strategic 
partners aiming to decarbonize the supply chains. The sustainability strategy 
puts Hydro in a leading position to supply low-carbon aluminium to the 
market. Hydro also sees a growing interest among its customers and end 
users regarding its decarbonization roadmap and ability to deliver products 
with an even lower-carbon footprint well before 2030.
Risk response
• Hydro has conducted comprehensive climate risk assessments to better 
understand and mitigate the potential consequences of climate related 
physical events on its operations. Hydro has modelled future weather 
patterns and their potential impact on its sites based on climate models and 
scenarios from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). 
Hydro is working on further integrating the findings and management of such 
risks at an operational level, where the physical adaptation of assets and 
supply chain robustness are the subject of structured review and action.
• To manage transition risks, Hydro’s climate strategy, advocacy work on 
future climate related legislation, technology and market strategies aims to 
be consistent with a 1.5-degree scenario. Hydro’s long-term positioning, and 
operational and financial planning reflect its assessment of related transition 
risks. Hydro’s capabilities and positioning within renewable energy, low-
carbon alumina and aluminium products, sorting and recycling, as well as 
the ambitious decarbonization roadmap, position the company well to 
benefit from the transition to a low-carbon economy.
• Further information is available in the section on Climate change
.
Risk review Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 53

[page 54]
Business risks
INSUFFICIENT ASSET INTEGRITY
Performance reference Ability to influence Trend
 
 High →
Description
• Hydro is exposed to a range of risks and hazards including critical 
equipment breakdowns, power failures, climate events, and natural 
catastrophes that could result in disruptions to operations across 
business areas.
Why it matters
• Operational disruptions might reduce or interrupt production at key plants 
for significant periods of time, materially affecting Hydro’s financial results 
and cash flows.
• In Brazil, Hydro operates an integrated mine, pipeline, and refining 
system meaning that a disruption at Paragominas could adversely affect 
Alunorte and other downstream operations.
• Some operations are located close to sizable communities where 
unplanned operational events could also result in significant and 
potentially lasting impacts on the health and safety of employees, 
contractors, nearby communities as well as the environment. In addition, 
Hydro might be subject to claims, fines, and further damage to its 
profitability or reputation. 
See here for ‘people’ key performance measures
See here for ‘profit’ key performance measures
→ Represents stable outlook
2025 developments
• The risk of a major operational disruption remains a subject of ongoing 
attention. There was no significant interruption to activities at the mine, 
refinery, smelters, energy and extrusion sites over the course of 2025. 
• Long-term risks are expected to gradually reduce through ongoing 
investments to maintain or replace equipment across sites.
• Negotiations are still ongoing to transfer the back up power line between 
Paragominas and Tomé-Açu to a private operator.
• Extensive repairs and maintenance continued along the Paragominas 
bauxite pipeline, with the latest stretch of 11km well progressed and 
scheduled for completion in Q1 2026. 
• The integrity of the Paragominas pipeline has been further validated through 
a new Pipeline Inspection Gadget (PIG) campaign.
Risk response
• The asset integrity of Hydro’s operations continues to be preserved and 
improved through historically high sustaining capital expenditure.
• ISO 55001 Asset Management certifications are maintained for Hydro’s 
Bauxite & Alumina operations.
• Aluminium Metal is making good progress on a range of projects to replace 
or update critical equipment such as transformers, rectifiers, and pot control 
systems over the next few years.
• Hydro’s portfolio of hydropower dams is undergoing a range of upgrade 
projects and continues to be operated in compliance with the high standards 
of regulation set by competent authorities in Norway.
• Hydro’s resilience against power outages is enhanced, where appropriate, 
by automated substations, power generating facilities and back up facilities.
• Hydro performs regular inspections and maintenance activities, conducts 
comprehensive emergency preparedness training with key personnel, and 
maintains a range of business continuity plans across sites to best prevent 
and mitigate operational disruptions.
• Further information is available in the section on Security and emergency 
preparedness.
Risk review Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 54

[page 55]
Business risks
MATERIAL LEGAL OR COMPLIANCE INCIDENT
Performance reference Ability to influence Trend
High →
Description
• Hydro could be negatively affected by investigations and criminal or civil 
proceedings into alleged non-compliance related to anti-competitive or 
corrupt practices, product quality, environment, health and safety, data 
privacy, market regulation, or trade sanctions.
Why it matters
• Hydro has a strong commitment to act in compliance with applicable laws 
and regulations. 
• Hydro is committed to responsible corporate citizenship, acting with 
integrity and consistently doing what is right. 
• Weaknesses in internal controls or failures in compliance could expose 
Hydro to significant legal, financial, and reputational risks. Non-
compliance with applicable laws and regulations could result in material 
adverse effects including fines, litigation, reputational damage, the 
withdrawal of licenses, and suspension or shutdown of operations. These 
consequences could negatively impact Hydro’s operating results, cash 
flow and overall financial condition. 
See here for ‘profit’ key performance measures
→ Represents stable outlook
2025 developments
• Hydro’s exposure to legal and compliance related risks is considered to be 
stable. All business units regularly identify and evaluate such risks as well as 
implement corresponding mitigating measures. Risks arising from regulatory 
developments within the various compliance areas are addressed through 
continuous improvements of Hydro’s compliance structures and processes.
• One compliance incident involving a U.S. subsidiary was resolved in 
December 2023 when Hydro Extrusion USA, LLC was sentenced in 
accordance with a negotiated plea agreement. Under the plea agreement, 
the company admitted to a federal misdemeanor violation of the Clean Air 
Act at its casthouse in The Dalles, Oregon. In parallel, the company entered 
into a three year Administrative Agreement with the U.S. Environmental 
Protection Agency Suspension and Debarment Division with respect to this 
matter. The company timely submitted its second annual report in 
September of 2025, supporting its assertion that it is in material compliance 
with its obligations under the Administrative Agreement.
• In its final judgement, the Rotterdam court dismissed in September 2025, all 
claims against Norsk Hydro ASA and its Dutch entities in the case filed by 
Brazilian Cainquiama and nine individuals in 2021. The case was appealed 
by the plaintiffs in December 2025.
Risk response
• Hydro’s Code of Conduct requires adherence to laws and regulations as well 
as internal directives. These are systematically implemented and maintained 
through Hydro’s compliance system, which is based on a clear governance 
structure defining roles and responsibilities to manage relevant compliance 
risks.
• The compliance system includes controls and activities to prevent, detect, 
report, and respond to potential breaches, with a core focus on preventing 
non-compliance incidents. Business areas are supported in this work by 
Group Compliance and other relevant functions.
• Hydro maintains an extensive training program tailored to the company’s 
risks and profile to foster a strong culture of compliance and integrity. Hydro 
also actively promotes its whistleblower hotline to allow employees and 
external third parties to report concerns available 24/7 in multiple languages 
via toll-free phone or online. Reporting, which may be anonymous or 
identified, is supported by information on Hydro’s website and strong anti-
retaliation protection.
• Further information is available in the section on Business conduct.
Risk review Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 55

[page 56]
Business risks
MAJOR BREACH OF CYBER SECURITY
Performance reference Ability to influence Trend
 
 Moderate ↗
Description
• Hydro’s Information and Technology (I&T) infrastructure is critical to all its 
operations, ranging from process control systems at production sites to 
central personnel databases and systems for external reporting.
• Cybercrime is increasing globally, exposing Hydro to a range of threats to 
the integrity, availability and confidentiality of its systems. Threats may 
include attempts to access information, ransomware attacks, supply chain 
attacks, malware, denial of service and other digital security breaches.
Why it matters
• A breach of cyber security could expose Hydro to a broad range of 
adverse consequences including financial losses, HSE events, 
operational disruptions, and the leakage of private or confidential data. 
Such leakages could also impact Hydro’s reputation and result in fines 
against the company.
See here for ‘people’ key performance measures
See here for ‘profit’ key performance measures
↗ Represents increased uncertainty
2025 developments
• Several high profile manufacturing companies have experienced significant 
breaches in 2025.
• The underlying cyber security risk to industrial control systems continues to 
be sustained at a high level, reflecting the geopolitical context and high rate 
of cybercrime. The trend of supply chain attacks (both malicious and 
accidental) is increasing across the industry and manufacturing companies 
often being prime targets.
• External threats relating to cyber security are developing as threat actors 
continue to innovate and change their techniques to increase their success 
rate, requiring organizations to adapt quickly.
Risk response
• Hydro remains vigilant to the unstable geopolitical situation in Europe and 
other geographical areas where the company operates, with possible 
spillover effects on governmental organizations and companies around the 
world.
• Hydro continues to improve its risk management process for cyber and 
information security across the company to address the most likely threat 
scenarios. These improvements also contribute towards the implementation 
of a global Information Security Management system to meet the rise in 
customer and regulatory requirements for information and cyber security. 
• There is also a continuous focus on cyber security training and awareness 
for employees and management to educate on safe behaviors.
Risk review Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 56

[page 57]
Business risks
FAILURE TO MEET SOCIAL PERFORMANCE EXPECTATIONS
Performance reference Ability to influence Trend
 
 Moderate →
Description
• Hydro could be exposed to allegations or perceived failures to act in an 
ethical or socially responsible manner, particularly related to human 
rights, which could influence its social license to operate.
Why it matters
• Hydro is committed to behaving in an ethical and socially responsible 
manner. The company also believes that transparent communication with 
regards to sustainability claims, including social performance, is critical to 
gain trust.
• An erosion of Hydro’s social license to operate could adversely affect the 
company’s ability to sustain optimal productivity at certain sites, 
particularly if stakeholders no longer perceive Hydro as a responsible 
company. 
• Loss of public trust could affect Hydro’s reputation both in the short and 
long-term, impacting its ability to attract capital and ultimately result in a 
loss of market share.
• Unrest in local communities may impact safety and security as well as 
cause logistical and transportation challenges.
• Other potential consequences range from fines or penalties, contractual 
implications, litigation, the withdrawal of licenses and suspension, or 
operational shutdowns thereby causing a material adverse impact to 
Hydro’s operating results, cash flow, and financial condition.
See here for ‘people’ key performance measures
See here for ‘profit’ key performance measures
→ Represents stable outlook
2025 developments
• Social performance related risks continue to be influenced by a combination 
of increasing customer and civil society expectations, scrutiny as well as 
legislative developments. The Omnibus agreement was finalized 
in December 2025, resulting in refinements to the Corporate Sustainability 
Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD), which is now expected to be formally 
adopted early in 2026. The EU is also pushing ahead with its Forced Labor 
Ban regulation, which aims to stop sourcing from regions with state 
sponsored forced labor risks.
• Hydro is increasingly engaged by customers and civil societies to verify its 
ethical sourcing and social footprint across the value chain from bauxite 
mining and scrap supply to finished products. This includes a rise in targeted 
questions on Hydro’s due diligence activities with reference to the 
Norwegian Transparency Act.
• In a context of increasing geopolitical uncertainty and polarization, Hydro is 
likely to see more instances where social conditions are challenging in some 
areas where it operates and parts of the supply chain.
Risk response
• As part of its social responsibility strategy, Hydro has defined priorities and 
overall goals, embedded these through specific internal directives, and 
implemented social development programs to manage social risks and 
opportunities throughout the company. Importantly, Hydro has initiated a 
CSDDD project across the company which aims to future proof its 
organization by the end of 2027, in line with legislative requirements.
• Hydro continues to implement Human Rights due diligence in its business 
processes including own operations, procurement activities and projects, as 
well as building its internal competence on human rights management 
based on the OECD Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct and the 
UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.
• Hydro collaborates on industry initiatives and invests in partnerships for 
supporting human rights and positive social development, such as through 
its ICMM membership as well as partnership with Amnesty International in 
Norway.
• The Aluminium Stewardship Initiative (ASI) certification of sites across 
Hydro’s value chain provides its stakeholders with a third party verification 
that Hydro conducts its business according to globally accepted good 
practices.
• Further information is available in the sections on Own workforce
, Workers 
in the value chain and Affected communities.
Risk review Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 57

[page 58]
Business risks
PANDEMIC
Performance reference Ability to influence Trend
 
 Low →
Description
• Hydro’s vertically integrated value chain and global footprint are exposed 
to rapidly evolving and spreading communicable diseases.
• The actions Hydro takes in anticipation of and response to a pandemic 
may affect its ability to maintain stable operations across business areas 
and corporate functions.
Why it matters
• Hydro is committed to the provision of healthy and safe work places.
• High transmission rates among employees, contractors, stakeholders, 
and communities may lead to the prolonged shutdown of operations, 
either due to government imposed restrictions, insufficient manning, 
social unrest, or Hydro’s inability to provide a healthy and safe work 
environment.
• The inbound and outbound supply chains of Hydro, its suppliers, and 
customers could face constraints, further disrupting production and sales.
• On a broader scale, a global pandemic may cause acute, short-term 
fiscal shocks as well as longer-term damage to economic growth, 
significantly affecting demand for Hydro’s products and causing a 
material adverse impact on operating results, cash flow, and financial 
condition. 
See here for ‘people’ key performance measures
See here for ‘profit’ key performance measures
→ Represents stable outlook
2025 developments
• Hydro operated throughout the last pandemic without any major disruptions, 
however some of its staff may still be impacted physically or mentally by the 
long-term effects of COVID-19. 
• Hydro continues to give due emphasis on physical and mental health 
through a broad range of initiatives and encourages vaccination according to 
the guidelines set by competent authorities.
• Hydro regularly monitors the evolution of diseases which could potentially 
affect the regions where it operates. This serves as a basis to check the 
ongoing relevance of risk treatment measures.
• Climate change is an important factor in the potential emergence, re-
emergence and spread of infectious diseases, as highlighted by the World 
Health Organization and the U.S. Center for Disease Control.    
Risk response
• Hydro’s strategy to prepare for future pandemics continues to be based on 
full cooperation with local authorities and compliance with rules 
complemented by a flexible range of company and location specific 
measures.
• Where applicable, guidelines and regulations from national authorities such 
as those pertaining to travel restrictions, social distancing, home office, or 
complete societal lockdowns are reflected in Hydro’s internal directives. 
• Hydro evaluates its key pandemic related risks and vulnerabilities through 
security and business resilience assessments which support the 
preparation, review, and testing of robust emergency preparedness and 
business continuity plans.
• Additional measures previously implemented and which could be reinstated 
include raw material and critical spare part stock adjustments to reduce 
Hydro’s exposure to supply chain disruptions as well as cash preservation 
measures to reduce cost, capital expenditures, and ensure adequate 
liquidity to face the financial impact of potential shutdowns.
Risk review Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 58

[page 59]
Business risks
MATERIAL TAX CHANGE
Performance reference Ability to influence Trend
Low →
Description
• Hydro’s global reach involves complexity and potential volatility linked to 
regulatory changes on direct and indirect taxes as well as to OECD/EU 
initiatives such as the Global Tax Reform (Pillar Two). 
• In addition, multiple changes often occur in local tax regulations, 
constantly shifting the global tax landscape which is challenging to predict 
and navigate. 
Why it matters
• Hydro is committed to pay equitable taxes where the economic value is 
created. 
• A potential discontinuation of the Imposto Sobre Circulação de 
Mercadorias e Serviços (ICMS) would have a material impact on Hydro’s 
financial results from its Brazilian operations. 
• Other changes to tax regulations can occur suddenly and materially 
impact Hydro’s financial results as well as influence decisions with 
regards to future investments.  
See here for ‘profit’ key performance measures
→ Represents stable outlook 
2025 developments
• In Brazil, the tax system remains complex and volatile, with a broad range of 
direct and indirect taxes levied at federal, state, and municipal levels, 
including the ICMS, which is an indirect state tax charged on circulation of 
goods and services. Brazil has a general ICMS exemption on exports. 
Under the 15 years framework agreed in 2015 with the state of Pará, 
Hydro’s local operations continue, under certain conditions, to be entitled to 
a deferral of ICMS.
• The state of Pará launched a new Tax Amnesty Program (REFIS) allowing 
for the settlement of certain tax disputes with a substantial rebate on fines 
and interest. Hydro resolved on adherence to REFIS for a range of ICMS 
cases in Q4 2025. 
• Last year, Brazil launched both a consumption tax reform, affecting the 
ICMS reporting longer-term as well as new transfer pricing rules. The 
analysis of regulations continued in 2025 to prepare for their gradual 
implementation as from 2026. 
• Hydro is involved in many tax disputes pertaining to the Group’s business in 
Brazil. 
• Volatility remains high on U.S. tax regulations, variably affecting Hydro’s 
business activities in and outside the U.S.
• Temporary safe harbor rules for the period lasting until the end of 2026 will 
simplify the initial tax compliance for Hydro in Norway under the OECD’s 
global minimum tax initiative (Pillar Two).
• Norway’s restrictive foreign tax credits and input VAT deduction regimes 
continue to cause inefficiencies and potentially increase tax costs for 
companies headquartered in the country.
Risk response
• Hydro is engaged in a systematic dialogue with local, state and federal 
politicians, authorities as well as industry associations regarding the fiscal 
regulatory challenges which could impact Hydro’s operations. The main 
topics of these dialogues concern Hydro’s contribution to a sustainable 
aluminium value chain and underlines the need for competitive and 
predictable framework conditions for its operations.
• Hydro continuously monitors and responds to relevant global, regional, and 
national regulatory initiatives and changes, including the draft corporate tax 
framework (BEFIT proposal) and transfer pricing directives in the EU.
Risk review Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 59

[page 60]
HSE risks
FATAL OR LIFE CHANGING ACCIDENT
Performance reference Ability to influence Trend
 
 High →
Description
• Hydro’s operations range from mining in Brazil, primary aluminium 
production in Norway and Brazil, extrusions in Europe, the U.S., South 
America and China, the recycling of used metal in Europe and the U.S. 
as well as renewable power production. Associated activities pose 
serious safety risks that, if not controlled, could cause serious injuries or 
fatalities.
• Despite Hydro’s best efforts, high risk incidents do occur. All such 
incidents are treated seriously and their root causes are investigated to 
prevent recurrence.
Why it matters
• Hydro values human life above all other considerations and will not 
compromise on its HSE ambitions.
• Workplace related loss of life has a traumatic and long lasting 
psychological effect on relatives, close friends, and colleagues.
• Life changing injuries affect the quality of life of the injured person and 
often require significant adjustments at home and work. This could be 
associated with long lasting psychological impacts on the injured person 
and family, together with the need for ongoing financial support. Police or 
health and safety agencies might impose sanctions which include 
imprisonment and fines. In addition, Hydro might need to shut down its 
operations and be subjected to legal disputes, sanctions, and reputational 
damage. Civil action could result in compensation claims. 
See here for ‘people’ key performance measures
See here for ‘profit’ key performance measures
↗ Represents increased uncertainty 
2025 developments
• There was no fatality or life changing injury reported in 2025.
• High Risk Incidents (HRIs) refer to events which could potentially be fatal or 
cause life threatening injuries. HRIs have significantly decreased in 2025 
compared to 2024, and are back to the same level as in 2023. The decrease 
is mainly attributed to fewer incidents related to falls from height, falling 
objects and energy control including electrical safety.
• Initiatives rolled out during the period include HSE leadership development 
programs through online and in person training modules, self-assessment 
systems for all business areas, and asset management improvements. 
• Group HSE audits were conducted at business area level as well as a 
selection of sites, focusing on the effectiveness of the HSE management 
system.
Risk response
• This includes committed and highly visible leaders on the factory floor, well 
developed HSE management systems, together with employees and 
contractors who are actively engaged in day to day HSE risk management 
activities such as work permitting, risk assessments, and root cause 
analysis.
• Electrical safety reviews are performed in Bauxite & Alumina, Aluminium 
Metal and at Group level. Group level reviews involve electrical engineers 
and HSE specialists who meet periodically to assess electrical standards 
and related risks, investigate and analyze HRIs, as well as establish 
minimum requirements for implementation.
• Control measures aimed at reducing the likelihood of fatal and life changing 
incidents have been developed and implemented across business areas. 
Hydro’s fatality prevention procedures are well established and continuously 
improved through self-assessments and audits.
• High risk actions and completion rates are critically reviewed to ensure 
robust processes and learning across all sites. Frequent health, safety, 
security and environment network meetings connect specialists from all 
business areas to discuss preventative and mitigating control measures 
following HRIs, as well as share best practices and innovative solutions. 
Machinery safety and asset integrity incidents are receiving particular 
attention to further prevent failures and constitute an area for further 
improvement.
• Further information is available in the section on Occupational health and 
safety.
Risk review Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 60

[page 61]
HSE risks
SECURITY INCIDENT
Performance reference Ability to influence Trend
 
 Moderate →
Description
• Hydro is exposed to security risks such as public violence, robbery or 
theft. These risks are particularly relevant in the Barcarena region in 
Brazil, but also present in other areas such as Reynosa and Monterrey in 
Mexico.
Why it matters
• The potential outcomes of security incidents include psychological 
impact, serious injury, and single or multiple fatalities. The risk of 
kidnapping and subsequent ransom demands is also present.
• Security incidents could potentially be associated with environmental 
incidents through attacks on the Paragominas bauxite pipeline and result 
in business interruptions. 
See here for ‘people’ key performance measures
See here for ‘profit’ key performance measures
↗ Represents increased uncertainty 
2025 developments
• Public violence in the Belem/Barcarena region remains a concern, but has 
decreased compared to previous years. 
• The second half year saw a reduction in recorded violence against 
contractors in the pipeline replacement area, coinciding with the end of 
pipeline replacement activities in proximity of the Amarqualta communities.
• Continued cartel violence in Mexico carries a risk for visitors to our 
operations in Reynosa and Monterrey.
• The ongoing war in Ukraine elevates the risk to insider threat action, 
sabotage, cyber attacks and rising international political tensions.
• Continuation of Middle East conflict (ceasefire notwithstanding) and tensions 
between Israel, Hamas, Hizballah, and Iran continue to cause uncertainty 
with potential for increased terror attacks and possible conflict escalation to 
other regions.
Risk response
• Security and business resilience risk assessments are performed at all sites.
• Hydro’s Bauxite & Alumina security team closely monitors security risks and 
maintains close contact with security authorities in operational areas.
• Training for Brazil’s security team continues. Regular security calls are held 
incorporating all Hydro locations including Energy and Extrusions plants. 
Project security planning has implemented mitigating measures to replace 
surveillance teams with drones at pipeline hot points.
• Group Security closely monitors the security risks in Brazil and maintains 
close contact with both Hydro plants in Mexico with a monthly security call 
implemented to ensure security mitigation measures are aligned with the 
developments and threat. 
• Regular security updates are disseminated to all Hydro business areas with 
information and advice provided on any associated travel, security, or 
emergency mitigation measures which may be required.
Risk review Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 61

[page 62]
HSE risks
IMPACT ON THE ENVIRONMENT
Performance reference Ability to influence Trend
   
 Moderate →
Description
• Mining and industrial activities inherently carry environmental risks, 
extending to Hydro’s current and former operations. These include 
potential long-term effects stemming from current and historical 
emissions to air, water, soil, and waste generation and disposal. While 
many of these risks are known and managed, some may emerge over 
time due to evolving environmental standards, scientific understanding or 
site conditions.
• Many operational sites carry some form of environmental legacy that 
eventually needs to be remediated prior to site closure. This includes 
areas with contaminated soil and landfills that could potentially impact the 
environment and food chain if exposure pathways develop, such as 
groundwater contamination.
Why it matters
• Related events could have a significant and potentially lasting negative 
impact on the aquatic life, flora, and fauna. They may pose health and 
safety risks to nearby communities, for example, in the event of 
groundwater contamination. Such incidents could also potentially lead to 
operational shutdowns, regulatory fines, legal disputes, reputational 
damage, and material impacts on financial performance and cash flow. 
See here for ‘people’ key performance measures
See here for ‘planet’ key performance measures
See here for ‘profit’ key performance measures
→ Represents stable outlook
2025 developments
• Chemical usage and waste production are present at all sites, with an 
inherent risk of spills and leakages. Aluminium Metal and Bauxite & Alumina 
are the business areas most exposed to potential impacts on the 
environment due to the location of large scale operations as well as the 
nature and quantities of hazardous materials involved. 
• There has been an increase in the number of environmental incidents 
reported across Hydro in 2025 compared to the previous year, mainly 
related to spills and irregular emissions to air, however the impact to the 
environment was assessed as low in all cases. 
• Bauxite mining in the Amazon region requires the removal of forest, with a 
material impact on biodiversity. The progressive rehabilitation of mined 
areas, driven by Hydro’s 1:1 rehabilitation target, is supported by 
independent research performed by the Biodiversity Research Consortium 
(BRC). Beyond progressive rehabilitation, Hydro is developing a roadmap to 
achieve No Net Loss biodiversity at the time of mine closure and exploring 
opportunities for further landscape-scale benefits to align with the global 
Nature Positive agenda.
• Environmental and human health risks are being assessed at the smelter in 
Sunndal as part of improving the knowledge base.
Risk response
• Hydro performs extensive risk assessments and studies to identify risk 
reduction actions for its operations. These include environmental studies 
and the modelling of future weather patterns together with their impact on 
Hydro’s facilities based on existing climate models from the 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) as well as scenarios for 
policy, legal, technology, market, and reputational risk.
• The Tailings Dry Backfill technology allows new tailings from bauxite mining 
to be returned to open and mined areas before the rehabilitation process, 
instead of being deposited in separate, permanent storage areas. BRC 
related activities continuously improve rehabilitation at Paragominas. The 
roadmap for No Net Loss seeks to mitigate residual impacts to biodiversity 
and has further matured in 2025.
• All sites are required to follow Group standards on chemical and waste 
management to mitigate the inherent risk of storing, handling and disposing 
of hazardous materials. Chemical management and controls set to prevent 
spills are included in business area internal audit programs.
• For further information on how Hydro manages and mitigates risks on 
impact on the environment, please refer to the Pollution
, Water, Biodiversity 
and ecosystems, and Resource use and circularity sections.
• The company proactively manages legacies through a legacy and closure 
management program. For further information, please refer to the Legacy 
impact section. 
Risk review Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 62

[page 63]
HSE risks
STRUCTURAL COLLAPSE OR MAJOR ACCIDENT
Performance reference Ability to influence Trend
 
 Moderate →
Description
• Hydro is exposed to risks of major accidents caused by structural failures 
at critical infrastructure. These risks include the failure of hydropower 
dams and tailings facilities, the collapse of the port structure at the 
Alunorte alumina refinery, and the rupture of the bauxite slurry pipeline 
between Paragominas and Alunorte. 
Why it matters
• Such accidents could have significant and potentially lasting adverse 
impacts on the health and safety of employees, contractors, and nearby 
communities. They may also cause serious environmental harm and 
result in operational shutdowns, regulatory fines, legal proceedings, 
reputational damage, and materially affect Hydro’s operating results and 
overall financial performance.
See here for ‘people’ key performance measures
See here for ‘profit’ key performance measures
→ Represents stable outlook 
2025 developments
• Extensive repairs and maintenance continued along the Paragominas 
bauxite pipeline, with the latest stretch of 11 km well progressed and 
scheduled for completion in Q1 2026. An inspection scan with ultrasound  
technology has also been performed in 2025, that will be compared with 
results of the 2025 PIG campaign.
• All Hydro’s tailings facilities are now aligned with the Global Industry 
Standard on Tailings Management (GISTM). In 2025, all remaining tailings 
facilities were brought into conformance or safe closure.
Risk response
• At the Schwandorf tailings facilities, a program is ongoing to strengthen the 
monitoring system through additional data collection, including increased 
instrumentation.
• The Paragominas bauxite pipeline’s extensive repairs and maintenance 
program is ongoing, while security concerns associated with the pipeline’s 
length and remote location are addressed through a robust and well 
embedded fatal risk management approach.
• Hydro’s portfolio of hydropower dams is undergoing a range of upgrade 
projects and continues to be operated in strict compliance with the high 
standards of regulation set by competent authorities in Norway.
• Hydro continuously seeks to reduce the likelihood of major accidents 
through risk mitigating activities. 
• The implementation of GISTM reduces the potential risk of such accidents. 
For further information, please refer to the Legacy Impact
 section. 
Risk review Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 63

[page 64]
The Hydro share
Introduction
Hydro’s share price closed at NOK 78.2 at the end of 2025. The return ex. 
dividend1 for 2025 was a positive NOK 14.8 or a positive 23.3 percent. Hydro 
paid its 2024 dividend of 2.25 NOK per share in May 2025. No new share 
buyback program was approved during the year. The share buyback program 
initiated in September 2024 completed its market purchases on January 7, 
2025. The redemption and cancellation of all shares acquired under this 
program, including shares held by the Norwegian state, were approved by the 
Annual General Meeting in May 2025 and officially registered in June 2025. 
The total shareholder return for 20252 ended at positive 26.9 percent. Hydro’s 
Board of Directors proposes to pay a dividend of NOK 3 per share for 2025, 
for approval by the Annual General Meeting on May 7, 2026, reflecting 
Hydro’s strong financial position. The proposed payment demonstrates the 
company’s commitment to provide a predictable and competitive dividend.
The average five year pay out ratio is 65 percent. There were 1,978,489,136 
shares issued at the end of 2025. A total of 1,014,811,061 Hydro shares were 
traded on the Oslo Stock Exchange (OSE) during 2025 at a value of NOK 
65.18 billion. The average daily trading volume for Hydro shares on the OSE 
during 2025 was 4,059,244 shares. Hydro’s shares are listed on the Oslo 
Stock Exchange, while the American Depositary Shares (ADSs) trade on 
OTCQX International in the U.S., the premium over the counter market tier.
Top 15 shareholders
The ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries of Norway  34.5 %
Folketrygdfondet  7.3 %
The Vanguard Group, Inc.  2.9 %
Nordea Funds Oy  2.6 %
BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, N.A.  2.3 %
Storebrand Kapitalforvaltning AS  2.1 %
DNB Asset Management AS  1.7 %
BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Ltd.  1.5 %
KLP Kapitalforvaltning AS  1.5 %
State Street Investment Management (U.S.)  1.1 %
BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited  0.9 %
Schroder Investment Management Ltd. (SIM)  0.9 %
EARNEST Partners, LLC  0.8 %
Swedbank Robur Fonder AB  0.7 %
Swedbank AB  0.8 %
See main shareholder list
 on Hydro’s website 
Shareholders by location
49.0%
7.3%
15.8%
2.8%
25.1%
Norway
UK
U.S.
Germany
Other
Share price development VS OBX and LME
OBX and LME 3M indexed to share price January 2, 2025
NHY-OSL OBX LME 3M
Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec
50
60
70
80
NHY total shareholder return3 (TSR) index
VS peers4
Peer range NHY index
Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4
-
100
200
300
The Hydro share Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 64
1 Return is calculated based on the opening share price of 63.40 NOK and the closing share 
price for the year.
2 Total shareholder return includes the opening share price, dividends and closing share price.
3 TSR calculated including reinvesting dividends. Hydro and all peers shown in same currency 
(USD).
4 Peer group includes Nalco, Rusal, Alcoa, Century Aluminium, Hindalco, Chalco, Grupa Kety, 
Constellium, Kaiser, ProfilGruppen, Tredegar Corporation. Source: Refinitiv retrieves.

[page 65]
Dividend policy 
Long-term return to shareholders should reflect the financial value created by 
Hydro over time. Total shareholder return consists of dividends and share 
price development. Hydro’s dividend policy is to pay out minimum 50 percent 
of adjusted net income as ordinary dividend over the cycle to shareholders. 
The dividend policy has a floor of NOK 1.25 per share.
When determining the dividend for a specific year, Hydro will take into 
consideration expected earnings, future investment opportunities, the outlook 
for world commodity markets and financial position.
Share buybacks or extraordinary dividends may supplement ordinary 
dividends during periods of strong financial results, due consideration being 
given to the commodity cycle and capital requirements for future growth. The 
total pay out should reflect Hydro’s aim to provide its shareholders with 
competitive returns benchmarked against alternative investments in 
comparable companies. Hydro’s Board of Directors normally proposes a 
dividend per share in connection with the publication of the fourth quarter 
results. The Annual General Meeting then considers this proposal in May each 
year and the approved dividend is subsequently paid to shareholders in May 
or June. Hydro pays ordinary dividends once each year. For non-Norwegian 
shareholders, Norwegian tax will be deducted at source in accordance with 
the current regulations.
Buyback of shares
In circumstances when share buybacks are relevant, the Board of Directors 
proposes buyback authorizations to be considered and approved by the 
Annual General Meeting. Authorizations are granted for a specific time period 
and for a specific share price interval during which share buybacks can be 
made, in accordance with applicable regulation.
Common share data  2025  2024  2023  2022  2021 
Share price high, Oslo (NOK)1  79.12  75.10  84.04  89.95  71.46 
Share price low, Oslo (NOK)1  50.60  53.24  56.63  51.49  36.99 
Share price average, Oslo (NOK)  64.59  64.26  68.85  69.34  55.94 
Share price year-end, Oslo (NOK)  78.20  62.54  68.40  73.32  69.52 
Earnings per share from continuing operations  3.41  2.90  1.77  11.76  5.92 
Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations2  5.02  4.50  4.26  10.70  6.77 
Dividend per share (NOK)3, 6  3.00  2.25  2.50  5.65  6.85 
Pay-out ratio4  60 %  50 %  59 %  53 %  101 %
Dividend growth  33 %  (10) %  (56) %  (18) %  448 %
Pay-out ratio five year average5  65 %  67 %  74 %  74 %  81 %
Adjusted net debt / adjusted EBITDA 0.7  0.9  0.7  0.2  0.4 
Credit rating, Standard & Poor's BBB BBB BBB BBB BBB
Credit rating, Moody's Baa2 Baa2 Baa3 Baa3 Baa3
Non-Norwegian ownership, year-end  51 %  48 %  49 %  53 %  52 %
Outstanding shares, average  1 970 106 821  1 997 800 202  2 029 080 722  2 050 779 399  2 050 818 686 
Outstanding shares, year-end  1 965 278 330  2 009 015 998  2 041 208 621  2 068 998 276  2 051 475 662 
1 Share price high and low based on intraday, not only closing price.
2 Alternative performance measures (APMs) are described in the appendices.
3 2025 dividend per share proposed by Board of Directors, dependent on approval from the Annual General Meeting May 7, 2026.
4 Dividend per share divided by adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations.
5 Average dividend per share divided by average adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations for last five years.
6 2021 Includes NOK 1.45 per share extra dividend distributed.
The Hydro share Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 65

[page 66]
Funding and credit quality
Maintaining a strong financial position and an investment grade credit rating 
are viewed as important risk mitigating factors, supporting Hydro’s possibilities 
for strategic development. Access to external financial resources is required to 
maximize value creation over time, within an acceptable risk exposure.
To secure access to debt capital on attractive terms, Hydro aims at 
maintaining an investment grade credit rating from the leading rating 
agencies. Contributing towards this ambition, Hydro’s targets, over the 
business cycle, a ratio of average adjusted net cash to adjusted EBITDA 
below 2x, and an adjusted net debt of around NOK 25 billion over the cycle. 
For further information, see note 7.1 Capital management
 in the Financial 
Statements section of this report.
American Depository Shares
JPMorgan Chase Bank NA, as depositary of the ADSs through its nominee 
company, Morgan Guaranty Trust Company, held interests in 24,456,085 
ordinary shares, or 1.2 percent of the outstanding ordinary shares, as of 
December 31, 2025. The interests are on behalf of 207 registered holders of 
ADSs.
Major shareholders and voting rights
As of December 31, 2025, Hydro had 54,377 registered shareholders as per 
the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (VPS). The Ministry of Trade, 
Industry and Fisheries of Norway was the largest of these with a shareholding 
of 34.26 percent of the total number of ordinary shares authorized and issued, 
and 34.49 percent of the total shares outstanding. As of the same date, the 
Government Pension Fund - Norway (Folketrygdfondet) owned 7.24 percent 
of the total number of ordinary shares issued and 7.29 percent of the total 
shares outstanding. There are no different voting rights associated with the 
ordinary shares held by the Norwegian state.
The Norwegian Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries represents the 
Norwegian government in exercising the state’s voting rights. The state has 
never taken an active role in the day to day management of Hydro and has for 
several decades not disposed of any of the ordinary shares owned by it, 
except when participating in the share buyback programs. All shares carry one 
vote. It is a requirement of Norwegian legislation that a shareholder can only 
vote and have preferential subscription rights for shares registered in their 
name.
Shares registered with a nominee account must be re-registered in the 
Norwegian Central Securities Depositary, Verdipapirsentralen (VPS), before 
the Annual General Meeting in order to obtain voting rights. This requirement 
also applies to Hydro’s U.S. traded ADS’. Hydro cannot guarantee that 
beneficial shareholders will receive the notice for a general meeting in time to 
instruct their nominees to affect a re-registration of their shares. Hydro is 
organized under the laws of the Kingdom of Norway. It may be difficult for 
investors to effect service of process outside Norway upon Hydro or its 
directors and executive officers, or to enforce against Hydro or its directors 
and executive officers judgments obtained in other jurisdictions. Norwegian 
courts are unlikely to apply other than Norwegian law when deciding on civil 
liability claims under securities laws.
Information from Hydro
Communicating with the stock market is given high priority and Hydro aims to 
maintain an open dialogue with market participants. Hydro’s objective is to 
provide sufficient information on a timely basis to all market participants to 
ensure a fair valuation of company shares. Information that is considered price 
sensitive is communicated by news releases and stock exchange 
announcements. Hydro hosts regular meetings for investors in Europe and the 
U.S. The major brokers in Oslo and London publish equity research reports on 
Hydro. Previous annual and quarterly reports, and Hydro’s Investor relations’ 
policy are available on Hydro.com.
Annual General Meeting
The Annual General Meeting of the company will be held May 7, 2026. Notice 
to the Annual General Meeting, including information on participation and 
relevant appendices will be distributed to the company’s shareholders at least 
three weeks prior to the Annual General Meeting.
Change of address
Shareholders registered in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository 
should send information on changes of address to their registrar and not 
directly to Hydro.
Financial calendar 2026
Hydro reserves the right to revise these dates: 
Date Event
29 Apr 2026 Results first quarter
7 May 2026 Annual General Meeting
22 Jul 2026 Results second quarter
23 Oct 2026 Results third quarter
See updated calendar on Hydro.com.
The Hydro share Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 66

[page 67]
Regulations
Hydro is subject to extensive laws and regulations across its jurisdictions, 
setting strict standards and with potential liabilities for plant construction and 
operations, emissions, waste water, waste disposal, hazardous materials, and 
environmental remediation. Some of the laws and regulations deemed most 
material to Hydro’s type of operations are outlined below. Tax regulations are 
covered in the Country-by-Country report. 
Bauxite & Alumina regulations 
Environmental Regulation 
Operations in Brazil are subject to strict licensing requirements. Brazilian law 
requires licenses for potentially polluting activities, often with conditions for 
compliance and impact mitigation. Brazilian operations hold several 
environmental licenses. 
Brazil has numerous norms regulating waste management, forest protection, 
biodiversity, water resources usage and air quality. Specific rules apply to the 
Mineracão Paragominas S.A. mine, such as the National Policy on Dam 
Safety (Law No. 12.334/2010). As the mine involves rural areas, Brazilian law 
also requires that part of rural properties be maintained as Legal Reserves, 
areas supporting sustainable management practices, fostering the 
coexistence of conservation efforts with responsible land use.   
Greenhouse gas emissions 
In 2024, Brazil committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions between 59 
and 67 percent by 2035, (v. 2005 levels), reaffirming its long-term net-zero 
ambition for 2050. These targets drive further sustainability initiatives in Brazil, 
prompting continued improvements to meet evolving emission standards. 
Also, Plano Clima establishes Brazil’s climate strategy and is divided into two 
main pillars: Mitigation and Adaption. 
In December 2024, Law No. 15,042/2024 was enacted, establishing the 
Brazilian Emissions Trading System (“SBCE”). The law regulates carbon credit 
generation projects, including those in the Amazonia region, and sets 
obligations for operators responsible for facilities and GHG emitting sources 
(above 10,000 tCO2e/year) regarding monitoring and reporting. These 
obligations are still under regulatory development. 
Mining 
Mineral exploration requires a federal exploration license granting exclusive 
rights to a defined area, along with obligations to compensate landowners and 
to pay an annual exploration fee to the National Mining Agency. If viable 
resources are found, a mining concession may be granted with obligations to 
pay royalties to the government and landowners.   
Energy regulations
Hydro’s main production assets are hydropower in Norway, where ownership 
and utilization of large waterfalls for hydropower production are subject to law 
and regulatory requirements, including concession requirements.
About one-third (3 TWh) of Hydro’s normal annual production is subject to 
concession terms requiring Hydro to transfer (“revert”) the production assets 
to the Norwegian state when the concession expires. The majority of 
concessions will expire around 2050. Reversion can be avoided if the power 
plants or at least two-thirds of the shares of the entity, which owns the power 
plants, are sold to a public entity.
Hydro’s energy activities, including solar and wind, are also subject to 
regulations, such as licensing, grid access, land use, zoning, and HSE. 
Regulations for renewable energy and hydrogen are evolving in many 
jurisdictions. 
Aluminium regulations 
Environment   
Hydro’s aluminium operations are governed by stringent environmental laws, 
both inside and outside the EU, covering, inter alia, air emissions, water 
management, hazardous materials, and waste management.    
Greenhouse gas emissions   
The aluminium industry is covered by the EU Emissions Trading System 
(ETS), which affects it directly and also indirectly through EU ETS costs 
reflected in European power prices. 
As a sector exposed to carbon leakage (loss of market share to more carbon-
intensive imports from outside the EU), aluminium producers currently receive 
more free emission allowances under the EU ETS compared to sectors not 
exposed to carbon leakage and may obtain compensation for indirect carbon 
costs, subject to EU state aid rules. 
The EU ETS Directive and the Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) 
are part of a policy package aiming to help meet the EU’s 55 percent 
emissions cut target by 2030. Free ETS allowances for CBAM sectors (of 
which aluminium is one) will be phased out from 2026 to 2034. CBAM 
reporting began in 2023, with charges applying from 2026, while certain 
design elements remain under development.   
Trade and Tariffs 
Hydro’s business is influenced by political developments (EU-U.S.-China 
relations), trade bloc agendas (free trade agreements, WTO developments), 
and trade measures like tariffs and anti-dumping duties. 
EU tariffs on alumina and aluminium products range from 3 to 7.5 percent, 
excluding EEA production and countries with free trade agreements. Anti-
dumping duties on aluminium extrusions from China (21.2-32.1 percent) 
remain in place since 2020, and are up for renewal early next year, alongside 
Regulations Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 67

[page 68]
duties on certain other Chinese aluminium products. The UK applies duties 
(0-35 percent) on certain Chinese extrusions since 2022. 
In the U.S., aluminium imports were previously subject to a 10 percent tariff, 
excluding Australia, Argentina, Canada, Mexico, and the EU with a quota. 
From March 12, 2025, all imports became subject to a 25 percent tariff, later 
increased to 50 percent for all aluminium products, including derivatives. 
Automotive imports, including car parts, are subject to a separate 25 percent 
tariff with different tariff rates on countries which have negotiated deals with 
the U.S.
Additional measures include a 200 percent U.S. duty (April 2023) on 
aluminium articles containing Russian primary metal, on top of the 70 percent 
duty from revoked most favored nation status. The EU has banned most 
downstream Russian aluminium products (December 2023), affecting about 
12 percent of Russian imports into the EU. The sixteenth EU sanctions 
package (February 2025) extended restrictions to upstream aluminium, with a 
quota of 275,000 tonnes from February 2025 to February 2026, and 50,000 
tonnes for the following 12 months. 
Regulations Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 68

[page 69]
Sustainability 
statements
70 General information
78 Climate change
86 Pollution
89 Water
91 Biodiversity and ecosystems
97 Resource use and circular economy
100 EU taxonomy
109 Legacy impact
111 Own workforce
117 Workers in the value chain
123 Affected communities
130 Business conduct

[page 70]
General information
The sustainability statements present Hydro’s governance and performance 
related to material sustainability topics, including detailed performance 
indicators (sustainability metrics). This section presents identified material 
sustainability related impacts, risks, and opportunities, and Hydro’s principles 
for sustainability reporting which form the basis for preparation of the 
sustainability statements.
Basis for preparation of the sustainability statements
The sustainability statements are prepared on the same consolidated basis as 
the financial statements. Information related to business relationships in non-
controlled entities, including the upstream or downstream value chain, is 
clearly identified as such. No specific information corresponding to intellectual 
property, know how or the results of innovation that is considered material for 
users of the integrated annual report, has been omitted.
Quantitative metrics included in the sustainability statements include a 
description of reporting principles, measurement and calculation methodology, 
assumptions and basis for presentation, including an evaluation of accuracy if 
the data is estimated using sector averages or other proxies, and planned 
actions to improve accuracy in the future. Metrics subject to a high level of 
estimation uncertainty are clearly identified as such. 
The sustainability statements, including notes
 and disclosures pursuant to the 
Norwegian Equality Act, are approved by the Board of Directors.
Statutory reporting and reporting standards
Hydro’s sustainability statements are prepared in compliance with the EU 
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) and the European 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS), the Norwegian Accounting Act, 
and other applicable regulations. Hydro follows the phase in provisions for 
disclosure requirements E1-9, E2-6, E3-5, E4-6, E5-6. 
Disclosures required by the Norwegian Equality and Anti-Discrimination Act 
are included in the Appendix
. Human rights related reporting, including 
disclosures required by the Norwegian Transparency Act 2021, the Australian 
Modern Slavery Act 2018, and the UK Modern Slavery Act 2015 are provided 
in the sections on Own Workforce
, Workers in the value chain, and Affected 
communities. 
The human rights related disclosures are prepared based on information 
collected from all controlled entities in Hydro. Hydro’s Human Rights Policy 
and further information about the company’s human rights management 
approach is available on Hydro.com
. Hydro’s Code of Conduct sets out the 
company’s position on human rights in all operations, including the opposition 
to all forms of modern slavery. Entities that are not fully owned by, but are 
controlled by Hydro, can have different policies. Hydro expects that their 
relevant policies are aligned with the ones of Hydro. The Modern Slavery 
Transparency Statement is approved and signed by the Board of Directors of 
the parent company Norsk Hydro ASA. See also Hydro’s separate statements 
based on the Norwegian Transparency act at Hydro.com
.
Hydro also reports in accordance with the GRI Standards and the 
requirements of the International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM). The 
GRI index is available at Hydro.com/gri
.
The limited assurance covers reporting in accordance with the ESRS, EU 
Taxonomy, GRI Standards and ICMM performance expectations, as explained 
in the assurance opinion
.
Reporting scope and disclosures in relation to specific 
circumstances
The sustainability statements cover the period January 1 to December 31, 
2025. Operations sold or demerged during the year are not included, unless 
specified. Health and safety, and headcount metrics for previously controlled 
operations are included in the historical data for the period the unit was owned 
by Hydro. Climate and environmental metrics for new operations or operations 
acquired during the reporting year are included for the year in full as well as in 
historical data unless otherwise mentioned. Data from discontinued or closed 
down operations are included for the part of the reporting period it was under 
operation, unless otherwise stated. In line with ESRS requirements, non-
controlled joint ventures, joint operations, associates, and other joint 
arrangements are not included in the sustainability metrics, except for the 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions reported in the climate change section.
Reporting systems
Metrics for climate change, energy, pollution, water, resource use and waste, 
and certain data on biodiversity are collected using Hydro’s environmental 
reporting system on an annual basis. Metrics for health and safety of Hydro’s 
own workforce are collected using the reporting systems for incident reporting. 
Diversity and other metrics relating to Hydro’s own workforce are collected 
from Hydro’s HR system and employee engagement surveys. Data for 
workers in the value chain and affected communities are based on Hydro’s 
due diligence processes and data collected from the business areas, 
procurement teams, and alerts reported to line management, supporting staff 
functions, and Hydro’s AlertLine. Additional metrics are calculated by 
corporate functions based on third party data.
General information Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 70

[page 71]
Reporting changes and prior period reporting errors
• The evaluation of likelihood and severity of material impacts, risks and 
opportunities (IROs) in relation to each sustainability topic is further aligned 
with the aggregated risk profile presented in the Risk update. 
• Efforts have been made to improve the presentation of progress towards 
key sustainability targets for each material sustainability topic.
• The baseline for Hydro’s Scope 3 emissions has been recalculated to 
ensure a consistent methodology for calculating the baseline and later years’ 
Scope 3 emissions. This affects the performance against Scope 3 targets for 
all reported periods.
• To improve access and analysis of quantitative ESG data, all quantitative 
sustainability metrics have been moved to a single ESG fact book in the 
Appendix
. Metrics in the appendix are part of Hydro’s management report, 
approved by the Board of Directors, and subject to the same level of control 
and external assurance as the sustainability statements.
No material errors in prior periods have been identified, but some minor 
corrections have been made in individual metrics. Such corrections are 
described in the note to the respective metrics.
Incorporation of ESRS requirements by reference to other 
sections of the annual report and the remuneration report
The description of Hydro’s strategy, business model and value chain, inputs, 
outputs, outcomes, and the integration of sustainability matters and 
sustainability related goals (SBM-1), is presented in the Our business
 and Our 
performance chapters. Information on how Hydro’s business model adapts to 
manage material sustainability related impacts, risks and opportunities 
(SBM-3) is presented alongside the disclosures in relation to each material 
sustainability topic. Number of employees by geography is reported in the 
Own workforce
 chapter. Revenue by IFRS 8 segments is presented in Note 
1.4 to the financial statements. The description of Hydro’s governance bodies 
(GOV-1) and their work to address sustainability matters (GOV-2) are included 
in the Governance chapter
. The integration of sustainability in performance 
incentive schemes (GOV-3) is described in the Remuneration report. 
A content index with the ESRS Disclosure Requirements that are covered by 
the sustainability statement (IRO-2), is included in the Appendix
. Hydro’s GRI 
index is available at Hydro.com/gri.
Risk management and internal control over sustainability 
reporting
Hydro regularly assesses risk and controls over its sustainability reporting 
process. The risks are reviewed with the Board Audit Committee and 
discussed with Hydro’s external auditors who provide limited assurance over 
the sustainability statement. The external assurance process is risk based, 
and the external auditors provide feedback on their assessment of risks to the 
Board Audit Committee and Hydro’s management. The auditors also provide 
feedback to the Board of Directors in relation to the Board’s review and 
approval of the integrated annual report. 
The sustainability reporting is exposed to risks associated with incomplete or 
inconsistent reporting on sustainability topics, including risks associated with 
greenwashing. There are also risks related to the accuracy of data inputs and 
manual errors in the reporting process from aggregating data from multiple 
systems into the corporate disclosure management system. 
Hydro has developed and implemented formalized processes to determine 
material sustainability disclosures for the integrated annual report. Material 
sustainability matters are covered by Hydro’s sustainability reporting manual, 
which formalizes roles, responsibilities and definitions for the information 
reported in the sustainability statement. Hydro’s Internal Control over 
Sustainability Reporting (ICSR) framework is established to ensure 
compliance with applicable regulatory frameworks and safeguard the integrity 
of sustainability disclosures, in line with current practice of Hydro’s Internal 
Control over financial reporting (ICFR). Hydro has also implemented controls 
based on the assessment of reporting risks in the sustainability statements, 
including review controls for quantitative and qualitative data in the 
sustainability statements by operational units, business area, group functions 
and Hydro’s disclosure committee, as well as access controls and automated 
input controls in sustainability reporting systems.
Quantitative metrics are collected from Hydro’s operational units relying on 
local management systems and are typically based on data from production 
systems, measurements, calculations, and purchasing data. Controls are 
performed to ensure the information is complete and accurate. However, the 
scope of the sustainability statements and the absence of generally accepted 
reporting standards and practices for certain data may result in uncertainties 
in the reported information. The notes
 to the chapters on each material 
sustainability topic includes information on sources of estimation or outcome 
uncertainty.
Hydro’s external auditors perform testing on Hydro’s sustainability reporting as 
part of the limited assurance provided over the company’s sustainability 
statements in the integrated annual report. The assurance activities performed 
by the external auditor are described in the assurance statement
. 
General information Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 71

[page 72]
Stakeholder dialogue in Hydro
Market Owners
• Commodity and stock 
exchanges
• Competitors
• Customers
• Insurers and banks
• Partners and joint ventures
• Suppliers
• Other business relations
• Owners and shareholders
• The Norwegian government
• Financial markets
• Analysts
• Traders
• Brokers
• Ratings agencies
Society Internal
• Academia
• Authorities
• Industry associations
• Lobby groups
• Local communities
• Media
• National and international 
unions
• NGOs
• Politicians
• Public offices
• R&D funding bodies
• Board of Directors
• Employee representatives
• Employees
Interests and views of stakeholders
Hydro strives to act in an ethical and transparent manner, and gather views 
from interested parties, aiming for a common understanding of the decisions 
that are made so Hydro can act with integrity in everything it does. Hydro’s 
stakeholder engagement comprises continuous processes and the use of a 
broad set of channels throughout the year that help the company understand 
what is expected of it, what is important to the stakeholders, how Hydro 
impacts its stakeholders, and how Hydro can contribute to solve common 
challenges. 
Hydro consults affected stakeholders to identify, assess, and manage actual 
and potential social, health, safety, environmental, and economic impacts 
associated with its activities and business relationships. Hydro’s stakeholder 
consultations include dialogue with representatives of affected stakeholders, 
such as unions, work councils, local community groups, and non-
governmental organizations, suppliers, business partners, customer 
representatives, and industry associations. Hydro also engages and partners 
with sustainability experts from academia, and actively engages users of 
Hydro’s sustainability statements such as authorities, banks, and investors on 
Hydro’s sustainability ambitions and progress toward Hydro’s sustainability 
goals. 
Dialogue with affected stakeholders and their proxies gives input to action 
plans to prevent potential impacts and manage actual impacts. The input of 
affected stakeholders are integrated in the reporting on sustainability topics to 
Hydro management. Information on Hydro’s engagement with affected 
stakeholder groups is described in the chapters Own workforce
, Workers in 
the value chain and Affected communities. 
Stakeholder engagement is organized both at the corporate level and in the 
business areas through local community meetings, bilateral engagement of 
individual stakeholders, national and international multi-stakeholder meetings, 
and through industry associations. All business areas have a forum for 
dialogue between management and union or employee representatives.
Sustainability due diligence
All identified material sustainability topics are considered in the definition of 
Hydro’s overall strategy. The overall strategy is supported by specific 
strategies on decarbonization, nature, social responsibility, people, and health 
and safety. Sustainability is integrated in the remuneration incentives of the 
Executive Leadership Team (ELT). Hydro’s performance against targets for 
climate and nature comprise four percent of the CEO’s short-term incentive 
plan and two percent or more of the short-term incentive plan of other 
members of the ELT. In 2026, the CEO will receive a climate related bonus 
equivalent to 5 percent of the base salary. See Hydro’s remuneration report
 for 
more information on incentive schemes. 
Requirements for sustainability due diligence and risk management are 
embedded in business processes based on Hydro’s global governing 
documents, including Hydro’s human rights policy, Hydro’s Code of Conduct 
and Supplier Code of Conduct, and Hydro’s global sustainability policy. 
The sustainability statements’ chapter corresponding to each material 
sustainability matter provides an overview of risk assessment and due 
diligence processes in relation to each sustainability topic, including Hydro’s 
assessment of identified adverse impacts, Hydro’s actions to address 
identified impacts, and the results of these efforts. 
When planning new projects, major developments or large expansions, it is a 
requirement to evaluate the environmental and social impact. Hydro follows 
standards such as the International Finance Corporation Performance 
Standards, Equator principles, and the UN Guiding Principles on Business 
and Human Rights. This includes the principle of free, prior, and informed 
consent when indigenous and traditional people are involved. The 
assessments follow the requirements regarding information, consultation, and 
investigation of the project’s environmental and social impact, including human 
rights, and includes an action plan with proposed initiatives.
General information Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 72

[page 73]
Materiality assessment
Hydro assesses material sustainability related impacts, risks, and opportunities according to the ESRS concept and 
requirements of double materiality. The assessment is reviewed by Hydro’s disclosure committee and approved by the 
Board of Directors. 
The materiality assessment is based on input from Hydro’s subject matter experts in group functions for climate, 
environment, social responsibility, health and safety, communication and investor relations, compensation and benefits, 
diversity, inclusion and belonging, compliance, and enterprise risk management, as well as input from risk management 
and sustainability functions in each business area. Involvement of the risk management functions supports the 
identification and further evaluation of sustainability related impacts and risks. 
The views of Hydro’s stakeholders are integrated in the annual update of the materiality assessment. Hydro’s group 
functions and business areas summarize input provided to them through their engagement with affected stakeholders and 
their interaction with external sustainability experts and users of Hydro’s sustainability statement.
Impact materiality is assessed in terms of actual and potential, positive and negative sustainability impacts from Hydro’s 
own activities and/or business relationships in the upstream and downstream value chain. The assessment of impacts is 
in accordance with the GRI Standards and OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business Conduct. 
The materiality of impacts is assessed based on the severity and likelihood of impacts occurring. Impact materiality is 
assessed based on the primary consequence scales in Hydro’s global ERM directive. For potential incident related 
environmental impacts, materiality is assessed based on the environmental consequence scales in Hydro’s Guidance for 
HSE Incidents management. For human rights impacts, reference is made to the metrics for assessing severity of human 
rights impacts defined in the ICMM Human Rights Due Diligence Guidance
. 
Financial materiality is assessed in terms of risk of negative reputational, financial or commercial consequences for 
Hydro that are associated with sustainability topics, as well as potential sustainability related upside risks, or opportunities, 
for Hydro. The materiality of risks and opportunities is assessed based on the likelihood and magnitude of anticipated 
effects on Hydro’s performance, financial position, cash flow, access to finance, or cost of capital. 
Prioritization
All identified sustainability related impacts, risks, and opportunities, including risks arising from Hydro’s potential 
sustainability impacts and dependencies, that are considered material for affected stakeholders or users of Hydro’s 
sustainability statements are presented on the next pages and described in the sustainability statement. Sustainability 
related impacts (often described as HSE risks) and sustainability related risks are prioritized in the same way as other 
risks Hydro is exposed to. 
Not all sustainability related impacts and risks in the sustainability statements are specifically highlighted in Hydro’s 
aggregate risk profile described in the Risk review section
. The relationship between risks in the Risk review and 
sustainability related impacts and risk are indicated in the section on each material topic, below. 
Reporting
Hydro’s sustainability statements include separate chapters on all material sustainability topics covered by ESRS. In 
addition, Hydro has included one Hydro specific sustainability topic: Legacy impact
. 
The chapter for each material sustainability topic includes a description of Hydro’s sustainability context and dependencies 
(“why it matters”). The chapters also include a section on “our approach,” which presents Hydro’s due diligence and 
stakeholder engagement on identified impacts, risks and opportunities for the sustainability matter, as well as relevant 
disclosures on policies, strategy, actions, targets and metrics in relation to the sustainability topic.
Summary of materiality assessment per topic
Standard Impact materiality Financial materiality Scope
E1 Climate change ↓↓ (A)   ↑↑ (A) ↓↓ (P)   ↑↑ (P) In scope
E2 Pollution ↓↓ (P) ↓↓ (P) In scope
E3 Water ↘ (P) ↘ (P) In scope
E4 Biodiversity and ecosystems ↓↓ (A) ↓↓ (P) In scope
E5 Resource use and circular economy ↓↓ (A) ↑ (P) In scope
Own topic: Legacy assets ↓↓ (P) ↓↓ (P) In scope
S1 Own workforce ↓↓ (P) ↓↓ (P) In scope
S2 Workers in the value chain ↓↓ (P) ↓ (P) In scope
S3 Affected communities ↓↓ (P) ↓↓ (P) In scope
S4 Consumers and end users Not material Not material Not in scope
G1 Business conduct N/A ↓↓ (P) In scope
Legend
↑↑ Strong beneficial impact or opportunity ↘ Minor adverse impact or risk (A) Actual impact, risk or opportunity
↑ Moderate beneficial impact or opportunity ↓ Moderate adverse impact or risk (P) Potential impact, risk or opportunity
↗ Minor beneficial impact or opportunity ↓↓ Significant adverse impact or risk
General information Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 73

[page 74]
Double materiality assessment
E1: CLIMATE CHANGE
Assessment of material impacts, risks and opportunities 
Hydro identifies and measures impacts on climate change by calculating and managing its GHG emissions from all its 
operations and the value chain. All existing and planned production assets are screened, and all GHG emissions resulting 
from energy use and aluminium electrolysis processes are calculated. Material GHG emissions in Hydro's value chain are 
identified and calculated based on the International Aluminum Institute's guideline. All identified climate related impacts 
are actual impacts in the short-term with potential medium and long-term cumulative effects.
Hydro has conducted a climate risk assessment, described in the climate change chapter, in line with assumptions related 
to the disclosures on climate risk and opportunities in Note 1.1 to the financial statement. Transition risks and opportunities 
are assessed through scenarios for technology, regulatory and policy development, and markets consistent with a 1.5-
degree scenario. Relevant transition events are identified through ongoing stakeholder engagement. Assets and business 
activities are screened for transition risks and compatibility with a 1.5-degree scenario as part of enterprise risk and 
strategy processes. Climate related physical risks are assessed using models for future weather patterns and their impact 
on production facilities in different scenarios from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) in 2030, 2040, 
and 2050. 
Material impacts
• Impacts on climate change associated with GHG emissions from fossil fuel use and process emissions from the 
production of primary aluminium. 
• Value chain impacts on climate change associated with the GHG emissions from extraction and production of raw 
materials that Hydro depends on in its aluminium production processes. 
• Positive impacts on climate change mitigation associated with generation of renewable energy, development of new 
renewable energy assets, and production of low-carbon primary and recycled aluminium. 
Material risks and opportunities
• Transition risks related to carbon taxes, increased cost of emissions, and other changes to climate related regulatory 
frameworks can impose capex or increased opex costs in the long-term.
• Dependency on affordable, low-carbon electricity, and the development of technologies for net-zero emission primary 
aluminium production can impose capex or increased opex in the long-term.
• Physical risks associated with changes in rainfall patterns, flooding, shortages of water or other natural resources, 
variations in sea levels, storm patterns and intensities as well as temperatures could result in operational shutdowns or 
impose capex in the long-term. 
• Opportunities associated with premiums for delivering lower-carbon aluminium products and Hydro's production of 
strategic input materials to technologies that enable the transition to a net-zero GHG emissions economy can result in 
increased cash flow in the medium and long-term. 
Climate related impacts and risks are connected to other risks, including macroeconomic developments, geopolitical tensions, protectionism 
and trade disruptions; complex and evolving sustainability landscape; regulatory and policy framework uncertainty; climate change; and 
insufficient asset integrity described in the chapter on enterprise risk management.
Double materiality assessment
E2: POLLUTION
Assessment of material impacts, risks and opportunities 
Hydro identifies and assesses potential pollution impacts from all its operations by assessing risk of accidental spills, 
leakages, or other unplanned events and by monitoring emissions to air and water from its operations in the aluminium 
value chain based on the Best Available Techniques Reference documentation (BREF) for the non-ferrous metals 
industries. 
Environmental incidents are classified based on potential and actual impact. An incident can result in short-term reversible 
impacts or longer-term, potentially irreversible impacts. All material incidents, as well as all emissions to air and water 
above the thresholds defined in the European Pollutant Release and Transfer Register (E-PRTR), are reported in the 
Pollution chapter.
Material impacts
• Potential impacts on environment, safety, or health associated with unintended or accidental emissions of pollutants to 
air or water from alumina refining, primary aluminium production, pipeline, or tailings and residue storage facilities.
• Potential long-term cumulative impacts on environment, safety or health associated with emissions of pollutants. 
• Potential impacts on environment, safety, or health associated with unintended or accidental emissions of pollutants to 
air or water in Hydro's supply chain for raw materials and energy. 
Material risks and opportunities
• Stricter regulation of emissions to air or water in the aluminium value chain can impose capex or increased opex costs in 
the long-term. 
• Potential incidents of pollution could result in operational shutdowns, fines, legal disputes and reputational damage that 
affect Hydro’s financial performance.
Pollution related impacts and risks are connected to other risks, including complex and evolving sustainability landscape
; regulatory and 
policy framework uncertainty; insufficient asset integrity; impact on the environment; and structural collapse or other major accident 
described in the chapter on enterprise risk management.
General information Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 74

[page 75]
Double materiality assessment
E3: WATER
Assessment of material impacts, risks and opportunities 
Hydro identifies and assesses potential water impacts by monitoring water withdrawals and water use at all production 
assets, and follows the International Council on Mining & Metals’ (ICMM) standards and requirements for measuring and 
reporting its water interaction and the quality of water discharges. Hydro uses the WRI Aqueduct tool to analyze Hydro’s 
freshwater footprint in water stressed areas. Hydro's operational sites are screened for site specific water related risks, 
and develops management plans and context relevant site specific targets to address any material risks identified.
Material impacts
• Potential short-term impacts on local water resources associated with freshwater withdrawals.
Material risks and opportunities
• Dependency on water for electricity generation, cooling, operations or transport/logistics in the value chain could result 
in short-term disruptions to operations or Hydro’s value chain in the event of acute drought.
Water related impacts and risks are connected to other risks, including climate change
 described in the chapter on enterprise risk 
management.
Double materiality assessment
E4: BIODIVERSITY AND ECOSYSTEM
Assessment of material impacts, risks and opportunities 
Hydro identifies and assesses impacts, risks, and dependencies on biodiversity in its operations and value chain. Hydro 
conducts environmental impact assessments for its operations, new project development, and in relation to merger and 
acquisition processes. The assessments identify potential impact on biodiversity and ecosystem services within the 
operation’s area of influence and assess the materiality of these impacts to the operation, environment, and affected 
communities. This assessment shall also identify and describe any priority biodiversity features or ecosystem services that 
occur within the operation’s area of influence and consider the full lifecycle of the operation, including closure. 
Ongoing impacts are monitored by tracking the impact of land use change on local biodiversity and ecosystems. Sites 
located near biodiversity sensitive areas, their potential impacts and mitigation measures are disclosed in the Biodiversity 
chapter. Any accidents that result in pollution are assessed and classified according to actual and potential impacts. The 
impacts of water withdrawal and emissions are estimated using a lifecycle assessment model. All identified impacts can 
have long-term effects.
Material impacts
• Impacts on natural habitats associated with land use change in mining operations and renewable energy development, 
and water use change in hydropower operations. 
• Impacts associated with greenhouse gas emissions and potential incidents of pollution in alumina refining and primary 
aluminium production. 
• Potential cumulative long-term impacts associated with invasive species introduction resulting from transportation of 
materials to and from Hydro operations.
• Value chain impacts associated with sourcing of energy and raw materials. 
Material risks and opportunities
• Changing regulations or expectations for the impact on drivers of biodiversity loss, including land use change, water 
use, climate change, and pollution can impose capex or increased opex costs in the long-term.
• Disruptions to ecosystem services that Hydro depends on for water flow, flood and storm protection, mass stabilization, 
and erosion control could result in operational shutdowns or impose capex in the long-term. 
Biodiversity and ecosystem relater impacts and risks are connected to other risks, including complex and evolving sustainability landscape
; 
regulatory and policy framework uncertainty; and impact on the environment described in the chapter on enterprise risk management.
General information Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 75

[page 76]
Double materiality assessment
E5: RESOURCE USE AND CIRCULAR ECONOMY
Assessment of material impacts, risks and opportunities 
Hydro identifies and assesses impacts, risks, and dependencies associated 
with resource use and circular economy by measuring its resource use and 
resource outflows from all operations. This includes energy and raw 
material use for production processes, recycled content in resource inflows, 
as well as the generation of tailings, residue and waste from its operations, 
and the waste treatment and disposal methods for different waste streams. 
All identified resource using related impacts are actual impacts in the short-
term with potential medium and long-term cumulative effects.
Material impacts
• Impacts on the environment associated with resource outflows, including 
tailings from mining operations, bauxite residue from alumina refining and 
waste generation from operations in the aluminium value chain.
• Value chain impacts on natural resources associated with Hydro's 
dependency on raw materials for alumina refining and primary aluminium 
production. 
Material risks and opportunities
• Stricter regulations and expectations or trade disruptions affecting 
Hydro's sourcing of raw materials in a concentrated aluminium value 
chain can increase opex in the medium or long-term.
• Stricter regulations for the management of waste streams can impose 
capex or increase opex in the long-term. 
• Potential increased premiums related to Hydro’s integrated value chain 
with traceable, secure material supply, including recycled aluminium and 
the development of more circular production models in the aluminium 
value chain. 
Resource use and circular economy related impacts and risks are connected to other 
risks, including macroeconomic developments, geopolitical tensions, protectionism 
and trade disruptions; complex and evolving sustainability landscape; and value chain 
concentration described in the chapter on enterprise risk management.
Double materiality assessment
Hydro defined topic: LEGACY IMPACT
Assessment of material impacts, risks and opportunities 
Hydro conducts legacy risk assessments across both operational and non-
operational sites to identify potential environmental and social impacts. 
Sites are screened for legacy related risks, enabling proactive risk 
management. In addition, corporate governance requirements mandate 
financial evaluations of legacy aspects during project planning and 
acquisition processes to mitigate future liabilities and ensure responsible 
lifecycle management.
Material impacts
• Potential impacts on safety and health in the event of major incidents 
involving tailings or residue storage facilities.
Material risks and opportunities
• Potential accidents impacting health, safety, or the environment could 
result in operational shutdowns, regulatory fines, legal proceedings, or  
reputational damage that affect Hydro’s financial performance.
Legacy related impacts and risks are connected to other risks, including complex and 
evolving sustainability landscape; regulatory and policy framework uncertainty; impact 
on the environment; and structural collapse or other major accident described in the 
chapter on enterprise risk management.
Double materiality assessment
S1: OWN WORKFORCE
Assessment of material impacts, risks and opportunities 
Impacts and risks are identified and assessed using employee engagement 
surveys, grievance mechanisms including AlertLine, root cause reviews of 
incidents affecting employees, health and safety network meetings, and 
regular employee reviews meetings conducted by line managers.
Material impacts
• Potential fatal or life changing accidents, or occupational illness affecting 
own workforce. 
• Potential incidents of discrimination or harassment affecting own 
workforce. 
• Impacts on workers associated with closures and downsizing.
• Positive impacts associated with employees personal and career 
development, and social protection.
Material risks and opportunities
• Fatal or life changing accidents, or other severe impacts could result in 
operational shut down, legal disputes, sanctions, and reputational 
damage that affect Hydro’s financial performance. 
Own workforce related impacts and risks are connected to other risks, including failure 
to meet social performance expectations; fatal or life changing accident; and security 
incident described in the chapter on enterprise risk management.
General information Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 76

[page 77]
Double materiality assessment
S2: WORKERS IN THE VALUE CHAIN
Assessment of material impacts, risks and opportunities 
Contractors working on Hydro's sites are subject to the same requirements 
and due diligence on health, safety, and worker's rights as Hydro's own 
workforce; impacts on such contractors related to Hydro’s own operations 
are included in the chapter Own workforce. 
Impacts and risks on other workers in the value chain are identified and 
assessed by performing supplier due diligence activities using data on 
inherent risk of negative impacts by geography and industry. High and 
medium risk suppliers are subject to further due diligence using self-
assessments, screening tools, direct engagement, and audits to determine 
residual risk of negative impacts and direct engagement on corrective 
action plans related to residual risk of negative impacts.
Material impacts
• Potential fatal or life changing accidents affecting contractors working on 
Hydro’s sites, related to Hydro’s own operations.
• Potential fatal or life changing accidents affecting other workers in the 
value chain. 
• Potential incidents resulting in breaches of the rights of workers in the 
value chain. 
• Potential positive impacts associated with supplier engagement on 
workers rights, including health and safety standards.
Material risks and opportunities
• Fatal or life changing accidents, or other severe impacts involving 
workers in the value chain could result in reputational damage that affect 
Hydro’s financial performance.
Workers in the value chain related impacts and risks are connected to other risks, 
including failure to meet social performance expectations
; fatal or life changing 
accident; and security incident described in the chapter on enterprise risk 
management.
Double materiality assessment
S3: AFFECTED COMMUNITIES
Assessment of material impacts, risks and opportunities 
Impacts and risks are identified and assessed by mapping the local 
sustainability context and transition challenges where Hydro operates using 
data on inherent risk of negative impacts by geography and industry. 
Potential human rights impacts are further assessed by direct engagement 
of potentially affected stakeholders through stakeholder dialogue to 
understand what is expected of the company, what is important to local 
communities, how Hydro impacts them and how the company can solve 
common challenges.
Material impacts
• Potential incidents affecting the rights of people in local communities. 
• Potential incidents or accidents, or potential long-term cumulative 
emissions, impacting the health and safety of people in local 
communities. 
• Positive impacts from contributing to resilient local communities in a 
changing world, and skills and jobs for the future low-carbon economy.
Material risks and opportunities
• Accidents impacting health and safety of people in communities near 
Hydro’s operations could result in operational shut down, legal disputes, 
sanctions, and reputational damage that affect Hydro’s financial 
performance. 
• Actual or alleged incidents affecting the rights of people in affected 
communities across the value chain could result in legal disputes or 
reputational damage that affect Hydro’s financial performance. 
Affected communities related impacts and risks are connected to other risks, including 
failure to meet social performance expectations
 and structural collapse or other major 
accidents described in the chapter on enterprise risk management.
Double materiality assessment
G1: BUSINESS CONDUCT
Assessment of material impacts, risks and opportunities 
Hydro identifies inherent risk of corruption and other business conduct 
issues through corruption indexes and other screening tools, and assess 
potential impacts and risks through supplier and business partner due 
diligence processes. Hydro monitors business conduct incidents through 
cases reported to line management, supporting staff functions, Hydro’s 
grievance mechanisms, AlertLine and Canal Direto, quarterly and year end 
compliance reporting from its business areas, and information collected 
from Hydro’s legal and compliance departments.
Material risks and opportunities
• Breaches of regulations, standards, or stakeholder expectations for 
business conduct could result in fines, litigation, reputational damage, the 
withdrawal of licenses, and suspension or shutdown of operations that 
affect Hydro’s financial performance. 
Business conduct related risks are connected to other risks, including material legal or 
compliance incident described in the chapter on enterprise risk management.
General information Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 77

[page 78]
Climate change
Why it matters
Hydro's industrial processes generate greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions that contribute to climate change, primarily 
because of the energy used in alumina refining and primary aluminium production, and the process emissions from the 
electrolysis process in primary aluminium production. Hydro also depends on energy and material inputs that are 
associated with GHG emissions in Hydro’s value chain. 
Hydro contributes to climate change mitigation through its production of renewable energy, low-carbon primary aluminium, 
and recycled aluminium from post-consumer scrap. The aluminium Hydro produces is also a strategically important input 
material to many technologies that enable the green transition, including the development of renewable energy. 
Hydro is exposed to climate related risks such as acute or chronic changes in rainfall patterns, flooding, shortages of 
water or other natural resources, variations in sea levels, storm patterns, and intensities as well as temperature changes. 
Such risks can impact the integrity of Hydro’s assets, or cause disruptions to Hydro’s operations or to Hydro’s value chain. 
Hydro is committed to reducing emissions in its own operations and enabling its customers and society to do the same. 
The transition to a low-carbon economy can also pose risks to Hydro, including higher costs for GHG emissions and 
production inputs, or changes to market prices for aluminium based products. However, the transition to a 1.5-degree 
economy also presents significant opportunities for Hydro. Aluminium is an enabler for the transition away from fossil fuels 
and other activities that generate greenhouse gases. Aluminium demand in sectors such as renewable power production, 
transport, and electrification are expected to grow as companies, states, and societies work to reach their commitments to 
reduce GHG emissions. Aluminium can save significant amounts of energy and GHG emissions in the use phase due to 
its lightweight properties, and building facades in aluminium can lead to lower operating costs and enable buildings to 
generate as much energy as they use during operation. In addition, Hydro aims to enable other sectors to decarbonize 
and transform to a low-carbon economy by utilizing its industrial and energy competence to develop renewable energy 
sources such as hydropower, wind, and solar.
Performance indicator Targets and Ambitions Performance and development
2025 2024 2023
Reduction in total greenhouse gas 
emissions against 2018 baseline1
10 percent reduction by 2025 against 2018 
baseline, 30 percent reduction by 2030, and 
net-zero by 2050 or before
 (18.7) %  (16.1) %  (11.9) %
Total greenhouse gas emissions, 
million tCO2e, Scope 1 and 2, 
ownership equity (see note E1.1
)
10 percent reduction by 2025 against 2018 
baseline, 30 percent reduction by 2030, and 
net-zero by 2050 or before
8.75 8.97 9.26
Reduction in indirect Scope 3 GHG 
emissions against 2018 baseline2
30 percent reduction per tonne aluminium by 
2030 against 2018 baseline
 (20.5) %  (19.1) %  (28.8) %
See the ESG factbook in the appendix for additional metrics related to GHG emissions and energy consumption. 
Our approach
Hydro’s approach to managing climate impacts and risks, including climate change mitigation and adaptation, is governed 
by Hydro’s sustainability policy and Hydro’s global directive for sustainability. Hydro identifies and measures impacts on 
climate change by calculating and managing its GHG emissions from all its operations and from material parts of its value 
chain. Hydro’s methodologies are aligned with international standards including the Greenhouse Gas Protocol and 
industry standards from the International Aluminium Institute (IAI).
Stakeholder engagement
Hydro engages with a broad set of stakeholders on climate related issues, including industry organizations, international 
standard setters, and local stakeholders in countries where it has significant operations, such as Norway, Brazil and the 
U.S., as well as with regional structures like the European Union. Hydro also engages and partners with customers in 
different industries to deliver low-carbon aluminium and to develop technical solutions for low-carbon products.
Climate change Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 78
1 Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by ownership equity. See note E1.1 for details on GHG calculation methodology.
2 By ownership equity. Comprises material upstream Scope 3 categories. See note E1.3 for more information.

[page 79]
Strategy and transition plan 
Hydro’s climate strategy and transition plan is an integral part of its overall 
business strategy. Hydro’s net-zero ambitions are based on a successful 
transition to a 1.5-degree economy, and are in line with climate science and the 
Paris agreement as expressed by the industry decarbonization pathways 
developed by the International Aluminium Institute (IAI). Hydro’s climate strategy 
consists of three pillars, aiming to reduce the climate impact of its operations 
and create business opportunities by enabling its customers and society to do 
the same: Net-zero Hydro
, Net-zero products and Net-zero societies.
Decarbonization lever Status
Fuel switch from heavy fuel oil to natural gas at Alunorte 
(~434,000 tonnes CO2e reduction at Alunorte1) 
Completed
Three x 60MW electrical boilers installed (~248,000 tonnes 
of CO2e reduction at Alunorte3)). 
Completed
104 kton biomass used as fuel (~124,000 kton CO2 savings 
per years)
Ongoing
2030: Potential for additional four electrical boilers to be 
installed and coal to be substituted with biomass, achieving 
a 70 percent reduction at Alunorte
Ongoing 
verification
Renewable PPAs Ongoing
Smelter process improvements Ongoing
Casting, recycling, extrusion and other improvements Ongoing
Biomethane in casting and anode production (at Sunndal) Implemented
Emission-free plasma technology for remelting (at Sunndal) Ready for 
operation 2026Green hydrogen in casting (at Høyanger)
Exploring technology to decarbonize calcination in B&A Exploring
CO2-free PPAs across portfolio Continuous
Develop HalZero technology with implementation towards 
2050
Industrial 
concept pilots 
under 
construction by 
2030
Develop carbon capture and storage solution to 
decarbonize existing smelters
Develop anodes with biomaterial mix R&D
Implement carbon removal to cover any residual emissions R&D
Climate change Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 79
Achieved 
reductions 
since 2018
30%
target reduction 
by 2030
10%
target reduction 
by 2025
100%
target reduction 
by 2050
Bauxite & 
alumina
Casting, recycling, 
extrusions and 
anode production
Electricity 
generation 
(Scope 2)
Electrolysis 
process 
emissions
10
~9
~7
0
~20%
~10%
~35%
~35%~30%
~35%
~25%
~10% ~10%
~10%
~40%
~40%
2018 
baseline
2025 2030 2050
Hydro’s decarbonization targets
GHG emissions – ownership equity2
Million tonnes CO2e (% of 2018 baseline emissions3)
1 Hydro equity share Alunorte.
2 Scope 1 and Scope 2.
3 2018 rebased baseline post-Alunorte transaction as of December 1, 2023.

[page 80]
The climate strategy is integrated in the Executive Leadership Team’s (ELT) 
remuneration and followed up as a quarterly KPI on the CEO’s balanced 
scorecard. See the remuneration report
 for more information. 
Hydro’s climate strategy is integrated in the overall strategy as set by the 
Executive Leadership Team. The business areas are responsible for Hydro’s 
performance and implementation of the climate strategy. All significant 
investment decisions are assessed for their impact on Hydro’s climate 
strategy according to Hydro’s policies addressing climate change mitigation. 
A thorough description of Hydro's climate related impacts and how Hydro 
works to prevent, mitigate and remediate these, is provided in the white paper 
"Positioning Hydro for the just and green transition"
.
Net-zero Hydro
Hydro has a defined ambition to reduce GHG emissions from own operations 
and to reach net-zero GHG emissions by 2050 or earlier. To concretize this 
ambition Hydro has established a technology and decarbonization roadmap 
with several levers to reduce direct and indirect GHG emissions by 10 percent 
by 2025 and 30 percent by 2030, from a 2018 baseline (2017 for B&A). In 
2025, Hydro reached a reduction of 18.7 percent, thus reaching its 2025 
target.
The technology and decarbonization roadmap is approved by the Executive 
Leadership Team. Hydro has a technology board consisting of members from 
Hydro’s Executive Leadership Team which set direction and priorities in the 
technology area. The business areas are responsible for their own technology 
development and for the execution of their respective technology strategies. 
Hydro’s corporate technology office ensures a holistic and long-term approach 
to Hydro’s technology strategy and agenda. The long-term financial effects of 
the decarbonization roadmap are highly uncertain. See information on climate 
risk and opportunities in note 1.1
, and research and development in note 10.2 
to the consolidated financial statement for more information, and information 
about Taxonomy-aligned capex
.
Hydro’s decarbonization roadmap addresses actual GHG emission reductions 
and the ambition is to reach the reduction targets without using carbon offsets. 
Changes in Hydro’s production portfolio influence the company’s 
decarbonization roadmap. Hydro maintains a 30 percent target by 2030, and 
recalculates the baseline after changes to the portfolio so that progress 
towards the target reflects actual decarbonization efforts. The 2018 baseline 
currently equals about 10 million tonnes CO2 equivalents (CO2e), including 
direct emissions and indirect emissions from electricity generation (Scope 1 
and 2 emissions). The baseline and the associated target achievements take 
into consideration green Power Purchasing Agreements, as opposed to the 
pure location based method (see note E1.1
). 
The baseline composition of Hydro’s GHG emissions can be divided into four 
sources: 
• Electrolysis process emissions which constitute around 30 percent of 
Hydro’s total emissions and are the hardest emissions to abate. 
• GHG emissions from natural gas used in Hydro’s casthouses, for recycling 
and remelting aluminium, extrusion processes, and anode production, which 
constitute around 10 percent of Hydro’s total emissions. 
• GHG emissions from generating electricity, so called Scope 2 emissions, 
which constitute around 35 percent. 
• Fossil fuel consumption at the Alunorte alumina refinery, which constitute 
around 25 percent of Hydro’s total emissions.
IAI emission projection pathways toward 2050
Hydro has participated in the International Aluminium Institute’s (IAI) work to 
develop a GHG emission reduction pathway for primary aluminium production 
towards 2050 consistent with the Paris Agreement. The analysis is based on 
the International Energy Agency’s (IEA) 1.5-degree scenario, combined with 
IAI’s analysis of demand in the aluminium market and material flows. Hydro’s 
net-zero ambitions and decarbonization pathway is in line with IAI’s emission 
reduction pathway for the aluminium sector and the 1.5-degree scenario. 
Tonnes CO2e/t primary aluminium
Historic emissions of the aluminium industry
Below 2 degree scenario
1.5 degree scenario
Range of CO2 emission intensities in the aluminium industry
Hydro’s average emission
2005 2010 2015 2020 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050 2050
0.00
10.00
20.00
30.00
Climate change Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 80

[page 81]
Emission reduction activities
Bauxite mining and alumina refining 
Hydro’s Alunorte alumina refinery is a highly energy efficient refinery. Over the 
past decade, the company has initiated numerous projects prioritizing 
emissions reduction through a comprehensive energy transition. This strategy 
includes switching from heavy fuel oil to natural gas and incorporating 
biomass as a fuel source. The Fuel Switch Project was implemented in 2024 
and replaced heavy fuel oil with natural gas. The project was further supported 
by the installation of three electric boilers, marking a significant advancement 
in the refinery's electrification efforts. It is estimated that the fuel switch project 
and electric boilers reduced emissions by total of 1,400,000 tCO2e, in addition 
to contributing to development of critical infrastructure that benefits the region.
Alunorte is also adopting biomass fuel, currently utilizing a blend of açaí pits 
and coal, with plans to transition to boilers that operate entirely on biomass. In 
2025, the refinery established solar and wind farms in Brazil’s Northeast to 
sustainably meet its energy demands and reducing its reliance on third party 
energy suppliers. Alunorte and Albras are working with Hydro Rein to secure 
renewable power access and supply to its plants. 
The Paragominas bauxite mine continues to advance emissions reduction 
through energy transition and fleet modernization. In 2025, the unit continued 
the adoption of low-emission solutions, operating four electric trucks, ten 
electric light vehicles, and more than 30 biofuel powered vehicles across 
operational activities. Paragominas is also using processed organic waste to 
accelerate reforestation in mined areas and to reduce emissions from the 
incineration of the residues. Another key initiative at Paragominas is ore 
microfragmentation, which is a technique that increases operational efficiency 
and reduces around 30 percent of emissions during the loading stage.
Primary aluminium production 
Towards 2050, Hydro is exploring different paths to net-zero emission primary 
aluminium production, including Hydro’s proprietary HalZero technology for 
new smelters, CO2 capture at existing smelters and scaling up use of post-
consumer aluminium scrap. See the net-zero products
 section for information 
on these technologies. 
Hydro is also exploring alternatives to fossil energy in the casthouses and in 
the anode production. Biomethane deliveries have started at Sunndal and will 
ramp up to reduce emissions by 20,000 tonnes of CO2e each year. Testing of 
emission free plasma technology is planned at Sunndal for 2026/27, using the 
same renewable energy that powers Hydro’s primary aluminium smelters. 
The three year pilot for green hydrogen at the Høyanger recycling plant is 
nearing completion, with operations expected to begin in the first half of 2026. 
As a part of the pilot, Hydro will partially replace natural gas with green 
hydrogen in one remelting furnace, and qualify solutions and technology for 
potential future roll out. Additional options for decarbonization of casthouse 
emissions are also being evaluated. 
To replace fossil based carbon anodes, Hydro is exploring bio-carbon and is 
participating in two R&D programs supported by the Norwegian Research 
Council. The project consists of two workstreams: substituting parts of the 
packing coke in the baking furnace with bio-carbon and using bio-material in 
the anodes for the electrolysis process. On the bio-material side, several 
challenges remain related to safe storage and handling, processing, and 
product quality. Partnerships with both research institutions and material 
producers/suppliers have been established, and testing is ongoing at both 
laboratory and pilot scale. 
Hydro seeks to improve its operations through continuous improvement work 
and aims to implement key elements from the technology pilot at Karmøy in its 
existing primary aluminium smelters. The Husnes line A is currently being 
upgraded based on the same principles as line B, which began production in 
2020. 
Extrusions 
In Hydro Extrusions, the sites are pursuing different initiatives to reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions from energy and electricity consumption. This 
includes renewable power purchasing agreements (PPAs), energy efficiency 
improvements through benchmarking and process optimization, and 
investments in new equipment. Several sites are also collaborating with 
partners and governments to evaluate the possibilities of installing on-site 
renewable power generation, such as solar panels and windmills. 
Electricity production 
Power is a critical input in aluminium production and essential to meet global 
climate targets. To reduce emissions, aluminium must be produced using 
renewable energy solutions across the value chain. Over 70 percent of the 
electricity used in Hydro’s primary aluminium production comes from 
renewable sources. In Norway, Hydro’s primary aluminium production is 
powered by nearly 100 percent renewable energy by following a location 
based approach, while Hydro's alumina refinery in Brazil is transitioning to 
more sustainable fuel sources to mitigate emissions in upstream operations. 
To secure continued supply of renewable power to Hydro’s operations in 
Norway, the company operates 42 renewable power plants with a combined 
output of 13.7 TWh in a normal year. Adjusted for ownership shares, Hydro’s 
captive hydropower production is 9.4 TWh in a normal year. Hydro also 
operates a wind farm and purchase more than 9 TWh of renewable power 
annually in the Nordic market under long-term contracts. 
Hydro is developing hydropower projects to increase capacity and efficiency, 
including pumped storage solutions that store energy during low demand and 
release it during peak periods. Initiatives focus on technical improvements, 
operational knowledge and resilient to climate change conditions. 
At Rjukan, Hydro has evaluated upgrades to enhance flexibility during 2025. 
In Sogn, Hydro has approved the Illvatn pumped storage power plant in Luster 
municipality, and plans are underway to increase capacity in the Røldal-Suldal 
(RSK) power system.
Together with partners, Hydro is exploring onshore wind projects near 
Norwegian smelters to secure long-term renewable power through power 
purchase agreements (PPAs).
To reduce upstream emissions in new projects and upgrades, Hydro 
integrates climate budgets early in project planning, identifying measures such 
as low-carbon materials, fuel optimization, and reduced emissions from onsite 
construction activities and transport.
Climate change Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 81

[page 82]
Sustainable financing in Hydro 
Hydro supports the use of sustainable financing instruments in the industry 
including the use of labelled products where feasible, and is closely 
following and supporting regulatory and market developments.
Hydro published an inaugural Green and Sustainability Linked Framework 
in 2022. The Green Financing Framework was renewed in 2025, and an 
EU Green Bond Factsheet published. Sustainable Fitch conducted pre-
issuance review of the Factsheet and acted as Second Party Opinion 
(SPO) provider for the Framework, rating it “Excellent.”
Hydro issued it’s first Sustainability Linked Bonds in November 2022, while 
it’s inaugural ICMA Green Bonds and EU Green Bonds were issued in 
January and June 2025 respectively. Hydro was the first investment grade 
Norwegian company to issue Sustainability Linked Bonds and the first 
Metals & Mining and Nordic company to issue an EU Green Bond. 
Alunorte signed a USD 200 million sustainability linked loan in 2022. The 
seven year loan facility is structured as a sustainability linked loan, 
swapped to fixed rate. The sustainability link was incorporated in the 
facility and interest rate swap, linking pricing to performance on the GHG 
emission reduction target to be achieved through the Alunorte fuel switch 
project.
Hydro refinanced its USD 1,600 million and USD 800 million multicurrency 
revolving credit facilities in 2025 as sustainability linked loans. The margin 
of the facilities will be adjusted based on Hydro’s progress to meet its 
annual targets to reduce tonnes of CO2 emissions per tonne of hot metal 
including bauxite mining, alumina refining, anode production, electrolysis 
and electricity production . 
In 2025, Hydro’s GHG emissions were 18.7 percent lower than the 2018 
baseline, following Hydro’s decarbonization approach including Scope 1 
and 2 on an equity basis (see note E1.1
), thus reaching Hydro’s 2025 
target. This was mainly due to fuel switch and early implementation of 
electric boilers at Alunorte, and curtailments in Aluminium Metal and Hydro 
Extrusions.
In 2025, Hydro increased its post-consumer scrap recycling capacity to 
745kt.
Net-zero products
Net-zero products is Hydro’s ambition to deliver net-zero carbon aluminium 
products and solutions to its customers, reduce upstream Scope 3 GHG 
emissions per tonnes of aluminium by 30 percent by 2030, against an 2018 
baseline, and increasing circularity in the value chain. Hydro works closely 
with customers and partners early in the product design phase to develop 
products that are energy efficient and have low-carbon footprint, which 
enables them to reach their sustainability targets. Hydro differentiates its 
product portfolio from its peers by using renewable electricity to produce 
approximately 70 percent of its primary aluminium and by offering two 
aluminium brands: Hydro CIRCAL, made with a high share of post-consumer 
recycled content, and Hydro REDUXA, which has a reduced carbon footprint.
Hydro can deliver net-zero aluminium products to its customers before the 
company itself reaches net-zero emissions. In the short and medium-term, this 
is made possible by scaling up the use of post-consumer scrap. In the long-
term, Hydro aims to achieve net-zero products through the implementation of 
decarbonization measures along the entire value chain from mine to metal, 
including carbon capture and storage solutions, and the development of 
HalZero technology. A significant part of Hydro’s R&D expenses and efforts to 
deliver net-zero products is focused along these three strategic pathways: 
1. Carbon capture and storage (CCS) – Decarbonizing existing 
operations 
To accelerate decarbonization of the aluminium industry and make Hydro’s 
existing aluminium smelters fit for the future, the company is developing 
carbon capture and storage (CCS) solutions that can be retrofitted into 
aluminium plants already in operation. By capturing off-gases from its existing 
smelters, Hydro aims to reduce emissions from the electrolysis process. 
Hydro is exploring a wide range of CO2 capture technologies to identify the 
most suitable ones for the low concentration smelter off-gas. These 
technologies are being tested on actual smelter off-gas. Part of this work is 
being carried out in collaboration with Rio Tinto Aluminium. 
Climate change Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 82

[page 83]
2. HalZero chloride process – Decarbonizing new smelter capacity 
HalZero is a new process for producing primary aluminium that emits oxygen 
instead of carbon dioxide (CO2). In this process, alumina is chlorinated to form 
aluminium chloride, which is then processed through a closed-loop electrolysis 
system designed to avoid greenhouse gas emissions. The HalZero process 
differs significantly from conventional aluminium production and is being 
developed in house with selected partners.
A phased development approach is being followed. Hydro’s HalZero test 
facility in Porsgrunn, Norway, is currently operational. The next phase of the 
development, the industrial Concept pilot, is in the concept phase. 
Construction of an industrial concept pilot facility is planned to commence by 
2030.
The HalZero process is intended for use in greenfield aluminium plants or as a 
replacement for outdated potlines in existing facilities where infrastructure can 
be reused. This approach targets the elimination of emissions from both 
electrolysis and anode baking. 
3. Net-zero aluminium through scaling up volumes of post-consumer 
scrap (PCS) 
Aluminium recycling requires 95 percent less energy than the production of 
primary aluminium while still offering high-quality aluminium. Hydro is 
developing recycling technology and low-carbon products based on post-
consumer scrap (PCS), and plans to improve its recycling capacity to sort and 
utilize more complex PCS aluminium. 
Hydro’s brand of recycled aluminium, Hydro CIRCAL, is a certified recycled 
and low-carbon product, with more than 75 percent PCS. Hydro CIRCAL has 
a market leading CO2 footprint of 1.9 kg of CO2e/kg aluminium. This is done 
through advances in sourcing, sorting and traceability of post-consumer 
aluminium scrap. Hydro can also produce spearhead volumes of near-zero 
carbon aluminium with 100 percent post-consumer aluminium scrap, Hydro 
CIRCAL 100R, with a carbon footprint below 0.5 kg CO2e per kg aluminium. 
Hydro will make key capacity investments over the medium-term to ensure its 
recycling portfolio can facilitate the increasing demand for Hydro CIRCAL and 
invest in technologies to increase usage of post-consumer scrap while 
securing access to scrap. Hydro has continued to strengthen its recycling 
position in 2025 by further progressing on construction of a 120,000 mt 
greenfield recycler in Torija, Spain. designed to produce advanced specialty 
recycled products.
With advanced sorting capabilities and Hydro’s proprietary HySort technology, 
Hydro is enhancing its ability to upcycle more challenging scrap types and 
expand its offering of low-carbon foundry alloys, including Hydro CIRCAL. See 
the Resource use and circular economy
 chapter for more information about 
recycling.
Hydro REDUXA is Hydro’s brand of low-carbon primary aluminium based on 
renewable energy in the production phase. This gives a full value chain carbon 
footprint per kg of aluminium to below 4.0 kgCO2e per kilo aluminium, which is 
significantly less than the global average of 14.41. The production capacity for 
low-carbon aluminium will be developed in line with market demand. This is 
also reflected in the ambition to deliver Hydro REDUXA 3.0 with a carbon 
footprint of less than 3 tonnes of CO2e per mt of aluminium by 2030. Hydro 
CIRCAL and Hydro REDUXA support both margin and volume growth. Hydro 
earns additional premiums or volume commitments on its low-carbon products 
and many customers choose Hydro’s aluminium due to its low-carbon 
footprint.
Greener sourcing and Scope 3 emissions 
Hydro reports Scope 3 emissions based on the guidelines issued by the 
International Aluminium Institute (IAI) Scope 3 Tool Guidance
. Hydro is a large 
purchaser of raw materials and energy, including aluminium and metals 
required for alloys. The majority of Hydro’s Scope 3 emissions are therefore 
largely driven by the production of externally sourced aluminium, which is 
used in Hydro's casthouses, recyclers and extrusion plants. As a result, 
upstream Scope 3 emissions are significant when externally sourced metal is 
included. To address this, Hydro is working to source aluminium with a lower-
carbon footprint and increase the use of post-consumer scrap in its metal 
production.
In 2022, Hydro set emissions reduction targets for upstream Scope 3 
emissions to reduce total upstream Scope 3 emissions by 15 percent by 2030, 
and to reduce upstream Scope 3 emissions per tonne aluminium delivered to 
the market by 30 percent by 2030. Both targets refer to a 2018 baseline, 
except for Hydro’s Brazilian activities where the baseline is 2017. Downstream 
Scope 3 emissions were not included in the targets since upstream emissions 
represent 90 percent of the total Scope 3 emissions. 
In 2024, Hydro reported a significant reduction of total upstream Scope 3 
emissions and Scope 3 emissions per tonne aluminium delivered to market. 
The over achievement was mainly due to market distortions, resulting in less 
external metal purchase. The over achievement was, however, also due to 
inconsistent use of baseline numbers versus reported performance numbers, 
as the baseline included external conversion scrap and a high degree of 
external sourcing of alumina in Aluminium Metal due to the abnormal situation 
in Brazil in 2018. This inconsistency has now been corrected and for 2025, the 
reduction of total Scope 3 emissions was 30 percent from 2018 baseline. The 
reduction in upstream Scope 3 emissions per tonne aluminium delivered to 
market was 20 percent in 2025, compared to baseline. From 2025, numbers 
from Alumetal are also included for all years.
Net-zero society
Net-zero society is an ambition to use Hydro’s competence and capabilities to 
reduce and avoid emissions in the society. The transition to a net-zero society 
must be a just and fair transition, meaning a transition that is as fair and 
inclusive as possible to everyone concerned. Hydro’s approach to a just 
transition is further described in the chapters on Own workforce
, Workers in 
the value chain and Affected communities. 
To move to a net-zero society, the world needs more renewable electricity 
generation and mechanisms to store that energy. Hydro is investing in 
Climate change Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 83
1 Source: IAI Statistics, 2024.

[page 84]
renewable energy solutions, including projects that increase renewable 
electricity generation capacity.
Hydro Rein is a joint venture owned 50.1 percent by Hydro, and supports 
Hydro and other industrial companies to decarbonize through large scale 
renewable energy projects. Hydro Rein operates five wind and solar power 
plants and is developing a diversified portfolio of wind, solar, and battery 
energy storage projects across Brazil and the Nordics.
GHG emission intensity – alumina refining
Mt CO2e per mt alumina
0.63 0.63 0.61 0.55 0.48
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
GHG emission intensity – electrolysis
Mt CO2e per mt aluminium
1.62 1.56 1.52 1.52 1.54
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
Greenhouse gas emissions from the electrolysis from Hydro smelters 
based on ownership equity. Slovalco is excluded from 2022 due to 
production curtailment.
Addressing climate risks and opportunities
Climate related physical risks 
Climate related physical risks refer to the impact on business performance by 
climate related acute and/or chronic changes in rainfall patterns, flooding, 
shortages of water or other natural resources, variations in sea levels, storm 
patterns and intensities as well as temperatures. Such risks can result in 
flooding of facilities, interruptions to production processes, infrastructure 
failures and potential accidents. 
To understand and mitigate climate related physical risks for Hydro’s 
operations, the company has performed several climate risk assessments. In 
2018, Hydro modelled future weather patterns and their impact on its facilities 
based on climate models and scenarios from the Intergovernmental Panel on 
Climate Change (IPCC). In 2023, Hydro updated the physical climate risk 
assessment, which included modelling the risk of climate related events in the 
current situation, in addition to RCP 4.5 and RCP 8.5 in a 2030, 2040, and 
2050 scenario. 
Hydro is working to assess the potential consequences, and necessary 
mitigating actions and plans, needed to adapt for climate change. The findings 
from the updated climate assessment have been integrated in Hydro’s risk 
management system. Several of Hydro’s assets have already undertaken 
significant upgrades to manage climate related risks such as the effects of 
increased precipitation and associated flood risks.
Climate related transition risks 
Climate change adaptation and the transition to a 1.5-degree economy poses 
both opportunities and risks to Hydro. The company has assessed scenarios 
for regulatory risks, market risks and technology risks, including scenarios 
consistent with a 1.5-degree economy, in the short, medium and long-term. 
Hydro’s long-term positioning, and operational and financial planning, reflect 
the company’s assessment of transition risks in a 1.5-degree scenario. 
The transition can lead to stricter regulations and more ambitious climate 
targets may drive costs within parts of Hydro’s asset base. The overall 
portfolio will likely benefit from such trends, as it will increase the demand and 
value of Hydro’s low-carbon products and portfolio. 
Aluminium is an enabling material for the green transition and the low-carbon 
aluminium Hydro produces is a key lever to reduce Scope 3 emissions for 
customers across several industry sectors. Hydro is well positioned to benefit 
from the transition to net-zero GHG emissions as the company generates 
significantly lower GHG emissions than the industry average1. The carbon 
footprint of aluminium production is highly dependent on the source of 
electricity used to produce the metal. Hydro’s footprint reflects the fact that the 
majority of its primary production facilities use electricity from renewable 
sources. 
Regulatory risks 
As the aluminium and alumina markets are global markets, relative 
competition between countries and regions influences which production sites 
will be viable in the future. In general, Hydro will benefit from globally aligned 
initiatives which sets a price on CO2 emissions and supports renewable 
energy use. Additionally, regulatory initiatives providing low-emission energy at 
competitive prices will benefit Hydro's existing production facilities. 
In the opposite scenario, Hydro will have a disadvantage if significant carbon 
taxes are imposed on emissions in countries or regions where Hydro’s 
production is placed, while similar regulation is not introduced in competing 
regions. Situations with severe limitations in availability of renewable electricity 
where Hydro’s production facilities are located will be a disadvantage for the 
company’s aluminium related assets. 
Hydro’s energy producing assets are renewable only, with the majority being 
hydropower in Norway. Hydro is also engaged in production of power from 
solar and wind resources, currently mainly in partnership with other 
companies and the majority of the projects are in development phase. These 
assets will benefit from stricter regulations on CO2 emissions. However, 
specific regulations might impact the competitiveness and value of individual 
facilities. 
Climate change Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 84
1 Source: IAI Statistics, 2024.

[page 85]
The definitive phase of the EU’s Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism 
(CBAM) will start from January 1, 2026, and aluminium products are in scope. 
Many details regarding design and implementation are still yet to be finalized 
and may change over time as CBAM is reviewed. Impact on Hydro is 
therefore uncertain. However, if CBAM works as intended, the costs from the 
phase out in EU ETS free allocation will be offset by increases in premiums in 
Europe as CBAM is phased in.
Market risk 
Hydro will benefit from increased demand for low-carbon aluminium as 
customers decarbonize their value chains. The demand for low-carbon 
aluminium is expected to grow at a higher rate than the overall demand for 
aluminium. In parallel, demand for (low-carbon) aluminium could strengthen 
further as aluminium substitutes steel, copper, or other metals in sectors such 
as production of renewable energy and thermal technologies, transport, 
construction, and real estate. 
In an opposite scenario, the demand for aluminium could decline if Hydro 
does not succeed with the decarbonization of its value chain in line with its 
technology roadmap for net-zero GHG emissions by 2050. If Hydro fails to 
develop and implement HalZero or other electrolysis technology while 
competing industries succeed in their decarbonization efforts, this could result 
in decreased demand for aluminium as steel or other metals substitute 
aluminium. Similar risks apply if Hydro does not succeed with retrofitting 
carbon capture at existing facilities. This can impact the value of Hydro’s 
existing aluminium smelters. 
Technology risk 
New technology must be developed and implemented for production of 
primary aluminium in a net-zero GHG emission economy. Hydro is developing 
emission-free technology for use in future aluminium production facilities and 
assessing carbon capture options for existing smelters. For Hydro to retain the 
strategic benefit of lower-carbon emissions, developing technology that can be 
fitted to existing production facilities at an affordable price is important, and not 
succeeding in this constitutes a technological risk. In other parts of Hydro’s 
value chain, net-zero emissions can be achieved with existing technologies if 
sufficient renewable energy is available at competitive prices in the regions. 
Potential carbon lock-in in the aluminium value chain 
Carbon lock-in occurs when fossil fuel assets continue to be used, despite the 
possibility to substituting them with low-emission alternatives. For Hydro, 
carbon lock-in is primarily a risk associated with fossil fuel dependencies in 
the production of the electricity used for aluminium production. At Hydro’s joint 
venture in Qatalum, Qatar, the electricity used for primary aluminium 
production is provided from an integrated natural gas fired plant. 
In addition, carbon lock-in may also result from the choice of technologies 
used in decarbonization pathways. An example is CCS solutions, which may 
not fully eliminate emissions from electrolysis and anode baking processes, 
and potentially leaving residual emissions locked into future operations 
depending on the capture efficiency.
The fuel switch project in Alunorte is an intermediate step towards full 
decarbonization of alumina refining by 2040. This is therefore not considered 
as a long-term lock-in effect on GHG emissions.
Hydro is not excluded from EU Paris aligned Benchmarks. 
Internal carbon pricing 
A large amount of Hydro’s aluminium operations falls within the scope of the 
EU Emissions Trading System (EU ETS). Hydro purchases and surrenders 
allowances (EUAs) to fulfil the company’s compliance obligations under the 
EU ETS, and receives a proportion of free EUAs. The amount of purchased 
and received EUAs is publicly available information at a national level by the 
respective local EU ETS authorities. Hydro uses the EU ETS carbon price in 
internal decision making processes inside and outside of the EU/EEA, and the 
cost of carbon is integrated in financial and operational decisions. By including 
a carbon price in Hydro’s analysis, costs related to CO2 emissions become a 
variable operational cost at plant level and CO2 price expectations influence 
future investment decisions. Hydro's part owned primary aluminium producer, 
Alouette, is also subject to carbon market compliance obligations under the 
Québec cap-and-trade system which is part of the Western Climate Initiative 
(WCI).
Climate change Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 85

[page 86]
Pollution
Why it matters
Aluminium production carries an inherent risk of pollution, linked to process emissions to air and water, and the potential 
for accidental spills or leakages. There is also risk of pollution in the supply chain for raw materials. Such pollution can 
have a negative impact on the local environment and local communities if not managed correctly. Hydro’s business 
activities are subject to emissions regulations, including local emission permits, as well as regional and international 
regulation of emissions. 
Stricter regulations related to emissions and pollution could impose new requirements on Hydro’s operations and value 
chain, which in turn could affect cash flow or impose capital investments to reduce the emissions from Hydro’s activities in 
the medium and long-term. Incidents resulting in spills, leakages, and other non-compliance with emission permits can 
result in fines and remediation costs that have an impact on Hydro’s financial performance. Pollution linked to historical 
activities, at both existing operations and legacy sites, may also require active intervention and remediation. Actual or 
perceived pollution impacts on local communities can result in operational shutdown, legal disputes or negative 
reputational effects.
Performance indicator Targets and Ambitions Performance and development
2025 2024
2017
baseline
Emissions to air (tonnes)
• Sulfur dioxide (SO 2) emissions 50 percent reduction in SO2 emissions by 2030 
against 2017 baseline
 12 432  15 167  25 531 
• Nitrogen oxide (NO X) emissions 50 percent reduction in NOX emissions by 
2030 against 2017 baseline
 3 699  5 535  13 001 
• Particulate matter (PM 10) 
emissions
50 percent reduction in PM emissions by 2030 
against 2017 baseline
 2 846  2 929  4 662 
Reduction in material non-greenhouse gas emissions against the baseline is primarily driven by the substitution of natural 
gas for heavy fuel oil at Hydro’s alumina refinery, Alunorte. In 2025, Hydro already met its 2030 targets for SO2 and NOx 
reductions and progressed further towards its PM10 target. See the ESG factbook in the appendix for additional metrics 
related to emissions, spills, environmental permit breaches, and substances of concern. 
Pollution Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 86
%-Reduction in sulfur dioxide emissions to air against baseline
0 41 51 50
Emission remainder Emission reduction
2017
(Baseline)
2024 2025 2030
(Target)
%-Reduction in nitrogen oxide emissions to air against baseline
0 57 71 50
Emission remainder Emission reduction
2017
(Baseline)
2024 2025 2030
(Target)
%-Reduction in particulate matter emissions to air against baseline
0 37 39 50
Emission remainder Emission reduction
2017
(Baseline)
2024 2025 2030
(Target)

[page 87]
Our approach 
Hydro’s approach to managing pollution impacts and risks is governed by 
Hydro’s global directives for sustainability and health, safety, and environment. 
All operational sites controlled by Hydro shall reduce the risk of negative 
impact on the environment and prevent or minimize the release of pollutants 
to air, water, and land in accordance with the environmental licensing and 
applicable legal requirements. These emissions are typically subject to 
regulatory controls and requirements such as emission limits, abatement and 
monitoring. The requirements are reflected in the operational licenses and will 
differ depending on the type of activity and applicable regulatory frameworks. 
Hydro’s most significant emissions to air are linked to fossil fuel consumption 
in alumina refining and process emissions linked to primary aluminium 
production. The largest non GHG emissions are sulfur dioxide (SO2), nitrogen 
oxide (NOx), particulate matter (PM) and fluoride (F). SO2 and NOx emissions 
to air are primarily from the use of coal as an energy source for the refining of 
bauxite to alumina. Another large contributor to Hydro’s total SO2 emissions to 
air is related to the aluminium electrolysis process. Where technically feasible, 
Hydro has implemented seawater fed scrubbers to reduce SO2 emissions. 
The largest emission to water is the sulfur captured by these seawater 
scrubbers. See note E2.1
 for an overview of emissions to air and water. 
Hydro uses ozone depleting substances in certain applications in its Brazilian 
operations and to some extent also in Extrusions. In 2025, Hydro used in total 
8.1 tonnes of such substances in its operations. The reported value 
corresponds to the purchased amount of such substances and can vary 
significantly according to the need of refilling existing cooling devices. In 
Brazil, such substances are managed and reported according to Brazilian 
legal requirements. In Hydro Extrusions, hydrochlorofluorocarbon (HCFC) 
accounts for around one third of ozone depleting substances. 
Acid Mine Drainage (AMD) is not a material risk for Hydro. The chemical 
content of the ore is the primary cause of AMD and is typically associated with 
sulfur bearing metals, which is not present in bauxite mines in Brazil. 
To avoid incidents of pollution and mitigate impacts in the event of a spill or 
other unplanned event, all sites are required to perform risk assessments and 
establish action plans and controls to manage the risk, such as emergency 
action procedure, secondary containment, and storage basins. 
Hydro’s global governance for health risk management and environment 
management require all operational sites that are fully owned or operated by 
Hydro to identify, risk assess, minimize, evaluate for substitution, and 
appropriately manage all hazardous materials or substances, purchased or 
generated in its processes, that have the potential to cause ill health or to 
negatively impact the environment. Hydro’s products are subject to 
compliance declarations according to different EU and U.S. legislations. This 
includes registration, evaluation, authorization. and restriction of chemicals 
(REACH) and restriction of hazardous substances (RoHS) in the EU, and the 
Toxic Substances Control Act and California’s proposition 65 in the U.S. This 
gives Hydro’s customers assurance that its aluminium profiles do not contain 
the prohibited substances above the defined limits. 
Stakeholder engagement
Hydro engages regulators, local authorities, and communities directly on its 
environmental management and potential incidents of pollution. Affected or 
potentially affected stakeholders or communities can use Hydro's grievance 
mechanism, AlertLine, to report environmental and social issues concerning 
Hydro operations. See the Business Conduct
 chapter for more information 
about AlertLine.
Hydro also engages civil society on environmental issues. In 2024, Hydro 
joined World Economic Forum’s Alliance for Clean Air, a cross sector initiative 
to the social and environmental benefits of collective action to reduce air 
pollution. As an Alliance Member, Hydro has worked with the Stockholm 
Environment Institute to develop inventories and baselines of material air 
pollutants, linked to its electricity sourcing and wider value chain. This data will 
be used as input for future disclosures and target setting, with the goal of 
reducing air pollutant emissions linked to Hydro’s full value chain.
Actions to reduce risk of pollution 
Hydro has established a voluntary target to halve material non-GHG 
emissions (i.e. SO2, NOx and PM10 emissions to air) by 2030, from a 2017 
baseline. These emissions are primarily linked to fossil fuel consumption in 
Hydro’s operations. To achieve this target, sites are required to decarbonize 
their processes where feasible. For more information about Hydro’s efforts to 
decarbonize and reduce emissions, see chapter on Climate change
. 
In 2025, total emissions of SO2, NOx and PM10 were 51 percent, 72 percent 
and 39 percent lower, respectively, than the 2017 baseline. A key driver for 
this improvement is the complete replacement of heavy fuel oil with natural 
gas at Hydro’s refinery, Alunorte in 2025. See note E2.1
 in the ESG factbook 
in the appendix for detailed metrics related to emissions
Hydro has set targets to reduce fluoride emissions from its fully owned 
smelters. These smelters currently perform below the EU regulatory emission 
limit for existing smelters (0.6 kg F/t Al) and the average across these smelters 
is also below EU regulatory emission limit for new smelters (0.35 kg F/t Al). 
Hydro will continue to invest in upgrades to gas treatment centers and pursue 
operational excellence, guided by strategic priorities. Hydro’s 2030 target is to 
bring individual smelters’ performance below the 0.35 kg F/t Al threshold 
where feasible, acknowledging that outcomes may vary across sites. As of 
2025, four out of Hydro’s five fully owned smelters have achieved the target.
Inorganic mercury compounds are naturally occurring trace elements within 
bauxite. Due to the high temperatures in the refining process, elemental 
mercury is produced and can be emitted to air and water. Hydro’s alumina 
refinery has a wastewater treatment plant to mitigate emissions to water that 
treats all liquid effluents prior to discharge. To reduce emissions of mercury to 
air, Hydro has initiated a project to install four non-condensable gases units 
(condensers) on Alunorte’s seven production lines. The first condenser was 
installed in 2018, as a pilot, and its technical performance was monitored prior 
to the installation of the remaining units. A second condenser was installed in 
2023 and entered into operation in 2024. The third condenser was installed in 
2024 and was operational during 2025. The final condenser was installed in 
2025, completing the implementation of all four units.
Pollution Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 87

[page 88]
Incidents resulting in spills, leakages, or other non-compliances with 
environmental performance standards, could potentially result in material 
pollution. To minimize the risk of material pollution, operational sites are 
required to implement suitable process controls, inspection, and maintenance 
routines and additional controls, such as secondary containment. In the 
events of an actual spill, incidents are assessed and classified according to 
the severity of impact. See note E2.2
 for reported spills and leakages and note 
E2.3 for information on environmental permits.
Emissions and mitigating actions in the aluminium value chain
Activity Emissions Mitigating actions
Bauxite mining Water discharges to environment: suspended solids Clarification basins
Alumina refining
Water discharges to environment: pH and suspended 
solids
Two-step water treatment process, consisting of pH adjustment and 
clarification
SO2, NOx and particulate matter (PM) emissions to 
air
Alunorte fuel switch project to replace heavy fuel oil with LNG by 
2025, reduction of coal use towards 2030
Fugitive PM emissions to air in dry season Water spraying of roads and open areas; use of non-woven 
geotextile materials (aka. Bidim) to cover bauxite residue deposits
Mercury emissions to air and water Mercury condensers and wastewater treatment
Primary aluminium production
Water discharges to environment Wastewater treatment plants; oil separators; containment basins
Fluoride emissions to air Alumina fed dry scrubbers
SO2 and PM emissions to air Seawater fed wet scrubbers (fully owned smelters)
Other emissions to air from casthouse and anode 
baking furnaces Bag filters
Aluminium recycling Other emissions to air from casthouse Bag filters (where legally required)
Extruded products Water discharges to environment (where applicable)1 Wastewater treatment plants; oil separators; containment basins
1 Many Extrusion sites discharge process water to third party sewer systems for collection and treatment.
Pollution Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 88

[page 89]
Water
Why it matters
Hydro depends on the supply of water as an ecosystem service and withdraws large volumes of water for beneficiation 
and pumping at its Paragominas mining operations, steam generation in the Bayer process at the Alunorte alumina 
refinery, and for cooling and operations in Hydro’s primary aluminium and recycling processes. Freshwater withdrawals 
can have short-term negative impact on local water availability in the event of drought or other factors contributing to water 
stress.
Hydro’s hydropower operations can have a positive impact on flood control and water flow. Potential negative impacts on 
water based ecosystems in the catchment areas are described in the biodiversity and ecosystems chapter
. 
Hydro is exposed to water related risks associated with seasonal rainfall or drought, which can cause disruptions in the 
availability of water for electricity generation, cooling, operations, infrastructure and logistics services in Hydro’s value 
chain. Climate change can exacerbate the scale and frequency of such risks.
Performance indicator Performance and development
2025 2024
%-change 
since 2024
Number of sites in water stressed areas 34 34  - 
Freshwater withdrawals in water stressed areas 1.0 million m3 1.2 million m3  (17) %
Freshwater withdrawals in water stressed areas as a 
percentage of total freshwater withdrawals
 0.8 %  1.0 %  (0.2) %
Water recycled or reused 125.5 million m3 68.9 million m3  82 %
See the ESG factbook in the appendix for additional metrics related to water withdrawals, water use and water discharge. 
Water Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 89
Freshwater withdrawals in water-stressed areas as a percentage of total freshwater withdrawal
1.13% 1.15% 1.15% 1.03%
0.83%
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
-%
1.00%
2.00%

[page 90]
Our approach 
Hydro’s approach to managing water impacts and risks is governed by 
Hydro’s global directive for sustainability. All operational sites controlled by 
Hydro shall identify material water related risks, and develop action plans and 
monitoring programs to manage any material risks identified, in line with the 
mitigation hierarchy. These assessments shall be conducted at a site or 
catchment level where appropriate. Water risks are location dependent. There 
are no group wide targets for water, but operational sites must develop context 
relevant targets and maintain a sufficiently detailed water balance account to 
reflect the site’s water risk exposure and comply with the International Council 
on Mining & Metals’ (ICMM) requirements for water reporting. Operational 
sites must also manage the quality of water discharges and run off to fulfil 
legal permit limits and mitigate potential negative impacts to the environment 
and harm to the health and livelihoods of affected communities within the 
operation’s area of influence. 
Stakeholder engagement
Hydro engages regulators, local authorities and communities directly on water 
related issues. For the hydropower operations in Norway, water resources are 
followed up by authorities through regional water management plans in line 
with the EU Water Framework Directive.
Aluminium value chain 
Hydro uses the WRI Aqueduct tool to analyze Hydro’s freshwater footprint in 
water stressed areas, defined as locations with high or extremely high 
baseline water stress. Less than one percent of Hydro’s freshwater 
withdrawals are related to operational assets located in water stressed areas 
in 2025, so over exploitation of natural water resource availability is not 
considered material for Hydro today. In addition, and due to seasonal heavy 
rainfall in Northern Brazil, managing flood risk is also a priority for both the 
mining operation and alumina refinery. With future climate change scenarios, 
location specific changes to the availability of water resources may occur. 
Such risks were evaluated in the physical climate risk assessment that was 
updated in 2023, described in the Climate change chapter
. 
Hydro manages the quality of discharges to the external environment to 
ensure Hydro operates within the relevant permit limits and regulatory 
frameworks. For information about emissions to water, please see the 
Pollution chapter
. 
Around 75 percent of Hydro’s total water withdrawal occurs in Norway from 
fjords (sea water) and rivers (fresh water) that supply these fjords. These 
water sources are vast and their availability is not materially affected by 
Hydro’s operations. All seawater withdrawal in Norway is used in gas 
treatment centers, enabling the primary production smelters to reduce dust, 
SO2 and fluoride emissions to air. 
Hydro has implemented strategies to reduce its dependency on freshwater 
withdrawals, related to its activities in Brazil. In 2026, 30 percent of Hydro’s 
surface water withdrawals was rainwater, primarily captured at Alunorte and 
Paragominas in Brazil. Approximately 85 percent of Paragominas’ water 
demand was met by recovery of water from the beneficiation process and six 
percent from water captured in the reservoirs, significantly reducing 
dependency on water withdrawals from the Parariquara river. Alunorte 
receives a large volume of water entrained in the bauxite product it receives 
through the pipeline from Paragominas, totalling 12.4 million m3 in 2025. 39 
percent of this water was reused in the refining process. 
Hydro has also implemented water use efficiency programs in its Extrusion 
business to reduce water intensity and operational costs. Total water 
withdrawals in Extrusions have reduced 34 percent since 2021.
Hydropower 
Hydro monitors and models water levels in its reservoirs to optimize electricity 
production which, in turn, helps to mitigate consequences of extreme weather 
events like heavy rainfall and flooding. 
Hydro’s hydropower operations are covered by concessions, with site specific 
requirements for upgrades and environmental improvement measures. All 
impacts on surface water bodies are identified and managed by regional water 
basin management plans (WBMP). The WBMPs are the main tool for 
authorities to follow up improvements in Norwegian water bodies and are 
established with inputs from different stakeholders, including hydropower 
producers. Concessions set the requirements for both power production and 
water flows in the surface water bodies that Hydro regulates. 
Hydro has established an overview of all surface water bodies impacted by its 
hydropower operations, as well as ecological and chemical status, and 
mitigation measures to ensure follow up of the WBMPs and that Hydro is in 
line with concession requirements. Hydro may be ordered to implement 
mandatory measures for impacted water bodies within specific deadlines. 
Current WBMPs were approved by the Norwegian Government in October 
2022, and are valid until 2027. There is an ongoing process to establish 
WBMPs for the period 2028-2033. 
Hydro continuously works with voluntary and mandatory rehabilitation, and 
restoration measures in the waterways and continues to develop its 
understanding of how to improve the ecological status of water bodies that are 
impacted by hydropower operations. Hydro also works with initiatives to 
reduce the risk of erosion and sedimentation around the reservoirs, such as 
reinforcement of reservoir edges with stones and gravel. Initiatives to improve 
and reduce adverse impacts on water as well as on protected habitats and 
species directly dependent on water are described in the chapter on 
Biodiversity and ecosystems
. 
Hydro maintains ongoing dialogue with Norwegian authorities, NVE, and is 
involved in discussions of regional WBMPs in areas where Hydro operates. 
Additionally, Hydro participates in industry initiatives aimed at enhancing 
understanding and best practices for water stewardship. 
Wind and solar projects 
During operation, electricity generation from wind and solar sources does not 
require significant water consumption. Hydro’s joint venture, Hydro Rein, is 
invested in two solar projects and one wind project in areas of medium-high 
and extremely-high overall water risk in Brazil. Water management plans and 
monitoring of drainage systems and water resources were part of the basic 
environmental management plans requested and followed up by authorities. 
The operation of solar and wind projects in Brazil are covered by permits with 
specific environmental constraints. Hydro Rein’s projects source water from 
legally approved water sources and reports on water consumption to local 
authorities throughout project lifecycle. Additional mitigation measures are 
always taken as part of the projects’ Environmental and Social Management 
Plans.
Water Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 90

[page 91]
Biodiversity and ecosystems
Why it matters
As a global aluminium and energy company, Hydro recognizes the material impact its global operations and their 
associated value chain can have on biodiversity and ecosystem services. Hydro’s activities are relevant to all five of the 
main drivers of nature loss:
• Land and water use change • Pollution 
• Direct exploitation of natural resources • Introduction of invasive, alien species 
• Climate change
Hydro’s operations are also dependent upon ecosystem services provided by nature, including the provision of water, 
regulation of climate, and protection from physical hazards, like floods and landslides. Aluminium production is also 
dependent on the supply of energy, raw materials, and other services that can impact biodiversity and ecosystems at the 
local, regional, and global level. It is Hydro’s responsibility to manage the risks associated with these impacts and 
dependencies where they occur in the company’s operations and business activities.
Stricter regulations related to impacts on biodiversity and ecosystems could impose new requirements on Hydro’s 
operations and value chain, which in turn could have a financial or reputational effect on Hydro. This could impose capital 
investments to reduce the impact of the company’s activities in the medium and long-term. Expectations from customers, 
investors, and banks could affect Hydro’s financial performance, cost of capital, or access to finance in the medium or 
long-term. The effects could be both positive and negative for Hydro, depending on the development of stakeholders’ 
expectations and the impact of Hydro’s activities to its peers.
Performance indicator Targets and Ambitions Performance and development
2025 2024 2023
Rehabilitation of mining areas 1-to-1 rehabilitation of mined areas in 
Paragominas, within two hydrological cycles
 100 %  100 %  100 %
Hydro progressively rehabilitates mined areas as they become available for reforestation and replanting. The percentage 
indicates share of released land that has undergone rehabilitation within two hydrological cycles of being released from 
mining activities. See the ESG factbook
 in the appendix for additional metrics related to drivers of nature loss emissions 
and energy consumption.
Our approach
Hydro’s approach to managing biodiversity and ecosystem impacts and risks is governed by Hydro’s global directive for 
sustainability. All operational sites controlled by Hydro are required to identify material risks to biodiversity and ecosystem 
services in all relevant activities and processes, and develop action plans and monitoring programs to manage any 
material risks identified, in line with the mitigation hierarchy. These assessments identify and describe priority biodiversity 
features or ecosystem services that occur within the operation’s area of influence, consider the full lifetime of the 
operation, including closure, and establish requirements for mitigation actions according to the biodiversity mitigation 
hierarchy.
Stakeholder engagement
Hydro engages local authorities and people in local communities directly on biodiversity and ecosystems impacts, 
including recreational impacts, from ongoing operations as well as the planning and execution of new projects. To increase 
Hydro’s knowledge and secure a science based approach to biodiversity management and forest rehabilitation within its 
bauxite mine, Hydro established, and continues to fund, the Biodiversity Research Consortium Brazil-Norway (BRC). 
Hydro has also established a partnership and actively engage with two Brazilian NGOs in the State of Pará on the 
conservation and sustainable development of the Brazilian Amazon. For its hydropower operations, Hydro engages the 
International Hydropower Association and Renewables Norway, as well as the Norwegian Institute for Nature Research to 
take a science based approach to managing biodiversity impacts.
Biodiversity and ecosystems Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 91

[page 92]
Driver of 
nature loss Relevance for Hydro Strategic response
Land/Water use 
change
Bauxite mining and 
renewable energy production 
are both land use intensive 
activities, and can often 
impact upon natural habitat or 
habitats that support 
threatened and/or endemic 
species.
See Integrating nature in 
Hydro’s strategy and 
business model.
Direct 
exploitation of 
natural 
resources
Aluminium production is 
dependent on a number of 
raw materials, including 
minerals, metals, fossil fuels 
and water.
See the Resource use and 
circular economy and 
Water chapter.
Climate 
Change
Aluminium production has a 
high embedded carbon 
footprint. Renewable energy 
production can contribute to 
decarbonizing industries.
See the Climate change
 
chapter.
Pollution Aluminium production has a 
number of associated non-
GHG emissions that can lead 
to air, water and soil pollution 
if not responsibly managed.
See the Pollution
 chapter.
Introduction of 
invasive 
species
With a global value chain 
footprint, there is a risk of 
invasive species introduction 
through the movement of 
supply chain materials and 
products.
Global governance on risk 
related to invasive species, 
that requires operations to 
implement effective 
management to avoid the 
introduction of invasive 
species. If an introduction 
does occur, operations 
must implement an 
effective management to 
remove it.
Identified impacts 
Hydro can directly impact upon biodiversity and ecosystem services through 
its contribution to land use change related to its mining operations and the 
development of new industrial projects, including renewable energy, as well as 
the company’s water use, greenhouse gas emissions, and other emissions to 
air and water. 
Aluminium value chain 
The total land use footprint of Hydro's aluminium value chain operations is ca. 
25,100 ha. This footprint intersects with eight terrestrial habitat types, following 
the IUCN habitat classification system. The majority of the footprint, ca. 23,700 
ha, relates to the upstream bauxite and alumina activities, which are located 
within the habitat type "Forest - Subtropical-Tropical moist lowland".
Within Hydro’s aluminium value chain operations, the most material impact on 
biodiversity through land use change occurs at Hydro’s bauxite mine located 
in the municipality of Paragominas, in the State of Pará, Brazil. This region is 
located within the Brazilian Amazon, in an area defined as the “Arc of 
Deforestation,” and is characterized by extensive deforestation for cattle 
ranching and soy production. 
Hydro’s mine covers an area of ca. 18,700 ha., which, prior to the mine, was a 
mixture of primary and secondary forest, and agricultural land. The primary 
forest, although considered natural habitat, has been historically impacted by 
selective logging to remove the tallest commercially valuable trees from the 
area. Despite this history of human impacts on the area, the remaining forest 
is still representative of a specific biome in the Amazon, called the Belém 
Endemism Centre (BEC), and supports a number of threatened fauna and 
flora species, some of which are endemic to the region. Hydro takes 
measures to minimize and restore impacts to these biodiversity features within 
the mine’s environmental management strategy. 
Paragominas’ expansion of its mining activity, beyond the boundary line 
shown in the land use map, is driven by the location of bauxite deposits and 
the scaling up of activities on Plateau Miltônia 3 (M3). Expansion into these 
new areas is governed by long-term agreements with landowners and 
includes areas defined as Legal Reserves (ARLs), per Brazil’s Forest Code 
(Law n. 12.651/2012), which support sustainable land management practices.1 
The expansion meets the requirements of national legislation and has 
authorization from the competent environmental agency through a rigorous 
environmental licensing process that is underpinned by comprehensive 
environmental impact studies and compensation measures.
Aside from the direct impact of land use change on nature, it is well 
documented that climate change, pollution, and extraction of natural resources 
can also contribute to negative pressures on biodiversity and ecosystems. 
Information about Hydro’s aluminium value chain related GHG emissions, 
other emissions to air, and interactions with water, including strategy and 
targets, can be found in the Climate change
, Pollution and Water chapters. 
Hydropower operation and development 
Hydropower development and operation can significantly alter both aquatic 
and terrestrial ecosystems. Impacts from operations are due to hydrological 
and morphological changes in water bodies, such as varying water levels in 
reservoirs and rivers, and reduced transport of sediments. Hydropower 
operations have an influence area extending beyond the reservoirs and rivers. 
Impacts in these areas can include habitat connectivity of adjacent landscapes 
and ecosystems. Upgrades of existing hydropower systems and new projects 
will require land use for construction of roads, spoil heaps, and laydown areas, 
which can impact terrestrial biodiversity. 
Wind and solar energy operations and development 
Hydro operates the wind park Tonstad in Norway, with 51 wind turbines. The 
wind park is located in a regionally important mountain area for birds, 
including rare and vulnerable species. The main impacts to biodiversity 
include habitat loss, fragmentation, and degradation, related to area use for 
roads, laydown areas, transmission lines, and wind turbines. Noise, light and 
shadow flicker from turbine operations, as well as ongoing maintenance 
activities, may contribute to disturbance of natural fauna, but these impacts 
are managed within regulatory thresholds. 
Biodiversity and ecosystems Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 92
1 Although ARLs are established under Brazilian legislation, they are not included within Brazil’s National System of Protected Areas (SNUC, Law n. 9.985/2000).

[page 93]
Hydro’s joint venture, Hydro Rein, develops new wind and solar projects. 
Large areas of land are needed to accommodate renewable energy 
infrastructure, and wind and solar farms can pose significant pressure to 
biodiversity and ecosystems. The significance of impacts will vary depending 
on the current land use and level of degradation of the previous habitat and 
the geographic location. The most important impacts include habitat 
conversion, degradation and fragmentation. Both onshore wind and ground 
mounted solar create barrier effects to biodiversity movement. 
Specific examples of such biodiversity pressures include: 
• Collisions of birds, prey, and bats with wind turbines, solar panels, and 
transmission lines. 
• Electrocution of birds and bats on transmission lines. 
• Disturbance and displacement of fauna due to noise, dust and vibration from 
construction activities. 
• Fauna road kills due to development of roads and infrastructure. 
Table summarizing nature related impacts and dependencies for Hydro’s value chain activities. The categories are aligned with those presented in the Science 
Based Targets Network’s (SBTN) materiality screening tool and ENCORE’s database for sector dependencies.
Aluminium production and recycling Renewable energy
Bauxite 
mining
Alumina 
refining
Primary 
aluminium
Aluminium 
recycling
Aluminium 
extrusion Hydropower Wind
I
mpacts
L
and or water 
use change
Freshwater 
withdrawal
GHG emissions
Non-GHG 
emissions
Water pollutants
Soil pollutants
Solid waste
D
ependencies
S
urface water
Ground water
Water flow 
maintenance
Climate 
regulation
Natural hazard 
protection
Biodiversity and ecosystems Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 93

[page 94]
Integrating nature in Hydro’s strategy and business model 
Hydro’s current business model has several impacts and dependencies on 
nature and the ecosystem services it provides. Based on the materiality of 
these impacts and dependencies, and the risks and opportunities that they 
present for Hydro, the company has developed a strategy that seeks to 
mitigate nature related risks, safeguard its business, and improve its resilience 
to an evolving regulatory and market framework. Hydro has developed this 
strategy as part of its transition plan to align with the 2030 objective and 
targets of the Global Biodiversity Framework agreement and address the main 
drivers of nature loss most relevant to its business model. By doing so, Hydro 
aims to contribute meaningfully to the global effort to transition to a nature 
positive future. 
The primary focus of the nature strategy is in relation to Hydro’s direct 
operations and their interface with nature, where the company has the 
greatest level of control and influence on nature related risks. For specific 
actions, targets, and commitments related to climate change
, pollution, and 
waste management, please refer to the relevant chapters within the annual 
report. 
Hydro’s strategy also addresses indirect nature related risks in its value chain 
and the wider landscapes where it operates. This includes establishing an 
inventory and baseline for material air pollutants in Hydro’s value chain (see 
Pollution
 chapter for more information), and an extensive partnership 
arrangement, the Corridor Program, with research institutions, NGOs, 
companies, and communities to identify opportunities for the conservation and 
restoration of nature along the bauxite pipeline between Paragominas and 
Barcarena. 
Group wide targets and commitments related to biodiversity 
and ecosystems 
To avoid impacts to areas of especially high biodiversity value, Hydro has 
committed to not develop new projects in UNESCO World Heritage Sites and 
Legally Protected Areas that are classified as IUCN Protected Area 
Management Categories I-IV. Hydro will also not develop new projects in other 
Legally Protected Areas1 if the project will cause irreversible impacts to the 
biodiversity values for which the legal protection has been assigned. 
Hydro has also established a minimum requirement for new projects and 
major changes to existing operations that risk impacting natural and critical 
habitat, to establish a biodiversity action plan that documents a credible No 
Net Loss strategy for the biodiversity features at risk. This strategy must align 
with the biodiversity mitigation hierarchy and be designed to deliver the No 
Net Loss outcome within the project’s lifetime or sooner. 
Actions to mitigate and compensate for mining impacts on 
biodiversity 
Hydro has developed a reforestation program that seeks to mitigate the 
impact of forest removal through time bound targets to replant and reforest the 
areas. Currently, Hydro works to progressively rehabilitate mined areas 
available for reforestation and replant these areas within two complete 
hydrological seasons, referred to as Hydro’s 1:1 rehabilitation target. 
In addition to rehabilitating mined areas, there is also a need to eventually 
rehabilitate long-term infrastructure, like the tailings storage facilities, when no 
longer required to support operations. Read more information about Hydro’s 
tailings management in the chapter Resource use and circular economy
. Due 
to the clay like nature of the tailings material, a specialized rehabilitation 
technique is required. Hydro conducted research into developing this 
technique, amending tailings with organic material like green manure and 
decaying wood (Barral das Neves et al. 2024
). 
To increase Hydro’s knowledge and secure a science based approach to 
biodiversity management and forest rehabilitation, the Biodiversity Research 
Consortium Brazil-Norway (BRC) was first established in 2013, and renewed 
in 2023 for a further five years. BRC consists of the University of Oslo and its 
Brazilian partners Museu Paraense Emílio Goeldi, Federal University of Pará, 
and Federal Rural University of the Amazon, in addition to Hydro. The scope 
of the consortium is to create an environmental research program connected 
to the mining operations. The aim is to strengthen Hydro’s ability to preserve 
natural biodiversity and to better rehabilitate the areas where the company 
mines bauxite. 
Twenty five research projects have been funded to date and a new research 
program was developed in 2023, with project proposals submitted in 2025. 
Four new projects were selected from these proposals, with contracts to be 
finalized in 2026.  
Announced in 2023, Hydro has also increased its No Net Loss ambition for 
biodiversity for the bauxite mine. In addition to achieving No Net Loss for the 
future expansion of the mine, Hydro will also include impacts that have 
occurred since 2020 for the existing mining footprint as well. As part of 
delivering on this No Net Loss roadmap, Hydro has established a partnership 
with a Brazilian Research Institution that is actively engaged in scientific 
research on biodiversity restoration within the Amazon biome. 
In 2025, the Corridor Program strengthened its role as Hydro’s main multi-
stakeholder platform for sustainable development in the Brazilian Amazon. 
Building on the initial partnership with Imazon, CEA and IPAM, the program 
expanded its governance and funding base with new partners (Belterra 
Agrofloresta, Mitsui & Co. and the Mitsui Bussan Foundation). The partnership 
with Mercedes-Benz Group, formalized in 2024, evolved into active 
collaboration supporting sustainable value chains and biodiversity restoration 
efforts. Together, these initiatives reinforce the program’s ambition to scale up 
conservation actions while generating sustainable income opportunities for 
local communities across the Corridor territory. 
For quantitative information on land use and rehabilitation in Paragominas, 
see Note E4.3
. There are specific closure plan requirements for the 
Paragominas mine including rehabilitation of the mine and tailings ponds. In 
addition, there is a similar requirement for the bauxite residue disposal areas 
at Alunorte. Read more about closure management in the Legacy impact
 
chapter and bauxite residue disposal in Resource use and circular economy. 
Biodiversity and ecosystems Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 94
1 Following IUCN’s definition and classification of management categories for Protected Areas.

[page 95]
Actions to minimize impacts in hydropower operations 
Hydro takes a science based approach to managing its biodiversity impacts 
from hydropower operations, through collaboration with other power producers 
in Norway and directly supporting research on nature impacts from renewable 
energy. Hydro is a member of the International Hydropower Association (IHA) 
and Renewables Norway’s sustainability network, working actively together 
with energy industry associations to address negative impacts on nature for 
new projects and operations. In 2025, Hydro has, as part of our membership 
in Renewables Norway, taken an active role in developing the new Norwegian 
method for nature accounting.
In operations, Hydro ensures adherence to all applicable concession terms 
and regulation set by national authorities, including the implementation of 
required mitigation actions. During concession renewal, Hydro evaluates 
opportunities to conduct rehabilitation projects in rivers and lakes to improve 
fish habitats and aesthetic qualities. The company also monitors the impact of 
its operations on aquatic life in rivers connected to catchment areas. 
As per end of 2025, Hydro has one revision of a hydropower concession in 
process (Fortun-Granfasta) and one application for concession 
(Vigelandsfoss). For Fortun-Granfasta, all necessary studies have been 
carried out and filed with the Norwegian Water Resource and Energy 
Directorate (NVE). Hydro has proposed several restoration and improvement 
activities for aquatic biodiversity. For Vigelandsfoss, studies on fish have been 
performed as part of the concession application, and measures to reduce 
impacts to eel have been proposed. Hydro is awaiting approval from NVE.
Independently of concession renewals, Hydro is performing biodiversity risk 
assessments for all its operated hydropower. The risk assessments are being 
carried out by a third party specialist, with the aim of identifying the main risks 
to priority biodiversity features impacted by these operations. These 
assessments were finalized in 2025. 
In Hydro’s regulated river basins, there is a potential for habitat improvements 
for fish, and aquatic fauna and flora. Hydro implements several measures to 
reduce its impact on biodiversity today, see examples of measures in table 
below. Following the completion of biodiversity risk assessments, the 
company will propose relevant measures to reduce biodiversity risks. The 
measures will be implemented in the operational system, to systematically 
perform the proposed mitigation activities. This will include both mandatory 
and voluntary measures to reduce risks to biodiversity. For larger projects in 
hydropower operations, a standalone Biodiversity Action Plan is established.
The Illvatn Pumped Storage Project, that began execution in the fourth quarter 
2025, is the first hydropower related project in Hydro to qualify under our No 
Net Loss of biodiversity commitment. Hydro is piloting a nature accounting 
framework, which is being developed by Fornybar Norge
. The nature values 
within the project area have been mapped and the potential impacts to these 
values were evaluated as part of the project’s design phase. See note 
E4.7 for 
more details.
Hydro has recognized the need to get a better understanding on the impacts 
from its activities on wild reindeer. As part of operation and project execution, 
there are mitigating measures undertaken to avoid impacts to wild reindeer 
and their habitats, such as investigating the reindeer herd position before 
activities are carried out. In 2025, Hydro established a wild reindeer strategy 
with guidance from Norsk Villreinsenter Sør. As part of this initiative, Hydro 
has updated internal processes and operational guidelines to reduce 
disturbance, with particular attention to activities conducted within or near 
areas of high wild reindeer density. The strategy has contributed to strengthen 
awareness across all hydropower locations.
Actions to minimize impacts in operations and development 
of wind and solar power
To reduce impacts to biodiversity from Tonstad wind park, a set of mitigation 
measures were implemented during construction and in ongoing operations. 
During construction, sensitive habitats were protected by reducing ground 
disturbance and restricting heavy machinery use. Turbine placement was 
planned to reduce collision risk and avoid sensitive habitats. Buffer zones 
were established around known nesting sites for priority bird species and 
construction activities near these areas were scheduled outside the breeding 
season to avoid disturbance. In revegetation activities, measures have been 
taken to avoid the introduction of non-native and invasive alien species and to 
restore habitats using local flora species. In operations, noise and shadow 
flicker are managed through technical controls and monitoring, and 
maintenance activities adhere to protocols that limit disturbance to wildlife and 
habitats.
Hydro’s joint venture, Hydro Rein, applies the biodiversity mitigation hierarchy 
as early as possible in project development to avoid and minimize project 
impact upon biodiversity and ecosystems as much as is practically and 
technically feasible. Hydro Rein is developing biodiversity management/action 
plans to align existing projects to international standards (IFC Performance 
Standards and Equator Principles) and national nature accounting methods, 
using the projects’ fauna and flora monitoring campaigns to enable the 
identification of significant residual impacts to nature values. Additional 
impacts on biodiversity caused during the construction and operation phase of 
the project, are addressed and mitigated as part of the construction and 
operational activities. 
There has been no vegetation suppression in Hydro Rein’s projects during 
2025, but there are still ongoing reforestation measures related to past 
vegetation removals in Hydro Rein’s Brazilian projects. These measures 
include continuous monitoring with the support from local qualified specialists 
in biodiversity management. All Brazilian projects in Hydro Rein’s portfolio 
have explicit vegetation compensation commitments, compliant with local 
regulation, which can include support and establishment of protected areas 
and reforestation actions in project area, surroundings, or even other areas 
located within the same hydrological basin.
Biodiversity and ecosystems Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 95

[page 96]
Main impacts on nature and corresponding mitigating measures, for activities in hydro, wind and solar power
Activity Main impacts Impact to Mitigating measures
New growth projects Disturbances to terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity Terrestrial and aquatic 
fauna and flora
Biodiversity actions plans to work towards No Net Loss of priority biodiversity features
Regulation of water reservoirs/drawdown or 
artificially varying water levels
Depletion and reduction of the food base for trout and char, desiccation of char eggs Fish Release of water to maintain ecological flow, winter and summer
Release of fish in reservoirs and rivers, planting fertilized eggs and yolk sac fry, etc.
Regulation of water courses Reduced water flow that may lead to reduced spawning, rearing, and hatching 
conditions for salmonids and aquatic organisms, and loss of habitat in rivers and lakes. 
Creation of physical barriers for the movement of fish along rivers and lakes. 
Loss of moisture dependent vegetation due to insufficient residual flow and lack of 
minimum flow.
Aquatic biodiversity
Riparian biodiversity
Release of minimum water flow
Fish passages both on ponds/thresholds and at natural migration barriers (two-way fish passage)
Restoration in water bodies
Controlled effect power production
Turbine operation Fish passing through turbine results in fish mortality All types of fish, but in 
particular eel, Atlantic 
salmon, trout
Salmon ladders and other fish passages both on ponds/thresholds and at natural migration barriers 
(two-way fish passage).
Operation and maintenance in wild reindeer 
areas
Disturbances of wild reindeer, fragmentation of habitats, migration barriers Wild reindeer Site specific measures and involvement of relevant externals before entering into wild reindeer 
areas.
Participation in relevant fora (action plans per wild reindeer area.)
Removal or closure of relevant roads, in dialogue with authorities and relevant stakeholders.
Biodiversity and ecosystems Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 96

[page 97]
Resource use and circular economy 
Why it matters
Hydro’s aluminium manufacturing processes are resource intensive and depend on non-renewable resources. Hydro’s 
operations also generate significant resource outflows, including different waste streams. Managing resource 
dependencies and waste streams are key to reduce operational and compliance costs, exposures to price volatility, and 
supply chain disruptions in material sourcing, as well as the environmental footprint in Hydro’s supply chain. 
Hydro’s integrated value chain, including captive renewable energy generation, traceable, secure material supply, and 
integrated recycling operations, as well as aluminium’s inherent properties of durability, lightweight, and recyclability, 
position the company for commercial and financial opportunities in the transition to a more circular and less resource 
intensive economy.
Performance indicator Targets and Ambitions Performance and development
2025 2024
Recycled post-consumer scrap – 
thousand tonnes recycled
850 – 1,100 thousand tonnes recycling 
capacity per year by 2030
496 451
Waste generation and waste recycling 
• Total non-mineral waste (tonnes)  762 560  716 956 
• Share of total waste directed to 
landfill
Eliminate landfill of all recoverable 
waste by 2040
 16 %  19 %
• Landfilling of SPL Less than 35 percent of spent 
pot linings to landfill by 2030
 47 %  43 %
The reduction of landfilled waste is largely driven by actions to minimize and/or recycle waste bauxite, hydrate, alumina 
and coal at Alunorte within the relevant production processes. The increase in landfilling of SPL is largely due to an 
increase in SPL generation linked to relining of electrolysis pots at Norwegian smelters that have no alternative to 
landfilling available, today. See the ESG factbook
 in the appendix for additional metrics related to resource use, production 
volumes and waste. 
Resource use and circular economy Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 97
Percentage of spent pot linings (SPL) to 
landfill
33%
28%
32%
42%
47%
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2030 
Target
-%
25%
50%
Percentage of recoverable waste directed to 
landfill
25%
29%
15%
19%
16%
0%
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2040 
Target
-%
25%
50%
<35%

[page 98]
Our approach 
Hydro’s approach to managing resource use and circular economy impacts 
and risks is governed by Hydro’s global directives for sustainability and for 
health, safety and environment. All operational sites controlled by Hydro shall 
promote the efficient use of materials, minimize waste generation and 
environmental impacts from waste storage, handling, transportation and 
disposal, and eliminate waste to landfill where feasible. 
Hydro’s technology and decarbonization roadmap and strategic focus on 
metal recycling aims to contribute to a circular economy by supplying the 
transition to a low-carbon and resource efficient economy with sustainable 
materials use through partnerships and innovative business models. To 
enable this transition, Hydro takes a proactive approach to integrate circular 
economy principles in business development around three main pillars: 
innovate for circularity, recycling and sorting, and waste to value. 
Resource inflows 
Hydro identifies and measures resource use by calculating resource inflows 
from all operations, including energy use and key materials needed for its 
industrial and commercial processes. Hydro’s reporting on resource inflows 
covers the most material raw materials and inputs used in the industrial 
processes. 
Primary resource use in alumina refining and primary aluminium production is 
defined as a driver of potential negative impact on resource use, as these 
industrial processes are energy and material intensive. On the contrary, 
circular economy is also identified as a material opportunity for Hydro. 
Hydro’s alumina refining and primary aluminium production depend on a 
reliable resource inflow of bauxite, lime, caustic soda, sulfuric acid, and 
flocculants in the alumina refining; coke and pitch for production of carbon 
anodes; aluminium fluoride and metal alloys in aluminium casting; and sulfuric 
acid for anodizing aluminium profiles. As Hydro has a relatively concentrated 
value chain, there are potential risks associated with dependency on raw 
materials and dependency on the ecosystem services in Hydro’s supply chain. 
High resource dependency increases the exposure to price volatility in 
material sourcing and supply chain disruptions, which can result in increased 
operational costs. 
Resource outflows 
Hydro’s material outflows are the alumina and aluminium products, and the 
waste associated with production. Hydro’s bauxite mining operations generate 
tailings and its alumina refining generates bauxite residue. Hydro’s aluminium 
production process generates waste in the form of spent pot linings (SPL) and 
anode butts from the electrolysis process, dross from metal casting and other 
categories of waste. 
Stakeholder engagement
Hydro has strategic partnerships with many customers to design and develop 
more sustainable products. The company engages industry associations, 
standard setters, and local stakeholders in countries where it has significant 
operations, as well as with regional structures like the European Union, on 
topics related to the environmental and social impacts of resource use. Hydro 
engages local authorities and communities directly in relation to tailings and 
bauxite residue management through on-site inspections and third party 
audits. Hydro engages several commercial partners and supports R&D 
projects connected to management and utilization of bauxite residue, and has 
established partnerships to develop more circular solutions to other waste 
streams.
Increasing recycling of aluminium and developing more 
circular solutions
Recycling is an important part of Hydro’s 2030 strategy to strengthen the 
company’s position in low-carbon aluminium. Aluminium is light, strong, and 
resistant to corrosion and cracking, and the inherent properties of aluminium 
make recycling attractive. It can be recycled infinitely without degradation in 
quality and recycling consumes 95 percent less energy than primary 
aluminium production. 
Hydro is a large remelter and recycler of aluminium. The company remelts its own 
and external process scrap, and recycles post-consumer scrap from the market. 
One of the main challenges related to recycling of post-consumer scrap is to 
make sure the quality of the metal is preserved in the recycling process, and 
to identify the alloys and properties of the used metal Hydro purchases. The 
metal must be collected and properly sorted, before being recycled back to 
high-quality products. Hydro has developed proprietary technology allowing it 
to separate different aluminium alloys and continue to develop sorting 
technology further through the company’s R&D efforts. The Hydro CIRCAL 
product line, offering aluminium with at least 75 percent post-consumer scrap, 
has among the lowest environmental footprints in the aluminium industry.
Hydro’s target is to increase installed post-consumer scrap recycling capacity 
to 850,000-1,100,000 tonnes in 2030. To reach its target, Hydro is improving 
its processes to combine process scrap with post-consumer scrap recycling. 
The technology is being rolled out to Hydro’s remelting and recycling plants as 
a part of Hydro’s recycling improvement program. This is executed through a 
combination of strategic portfolio changes and improvements in operational 
processes. 
Hydro’s goal is to increase post-consumer scrap utilization through advanced 
sorting capabilities combined with multiple product outlets. To realize this goal, 
Hydro is installing its proprietary HySort sorting technology in several 
locations. In 2024, Hydro’s Alusort JV, established together with Padnos in 
2023, started operations in the U.S. In 2025, the HySort concept has been 
successfully installed in Alumetal’s Nowa Sol plant in Poland. This expanded 
the existing innovative sorting process with HySort LIBS devices. 
Hydro has made progress on diversifying its recycled product portfolio to be 
able to utilize a broader range of scrap types. Hydro acquired a Polish 
recycled foundry alloy producer, Alumetal, in 2023, and made progress on 
integrating the company and realizing synergy potential with the existing 
extrusion ingot portfolio. An upgrade and expansion of Alumetal’s Kety plant in 
Poland is now operational, in addition to installing solar panels, to allow for 
further recycling of post-consumer scrap with a reduced CO2 footprint. 
Operations are ramping up in Hydro’s greenfield plants which opened in 2023, 
including the advanced extrusion ingot recycler in Cassopolis in the U.S., and 
the forge stock plant in Rackwitz, Germany. In March 2025, an official 
ceremony marked the start of construction of the future state-of-the-art 
Resource use and circular economy Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 98

[page 99]
specialty extrusion ingot recycling facility in Torija, Spain. The facility is 
designed for a total capacity of 120,000 tonnes.
Partnerships for circular economy 
Hydro engages a broad set of stakeholders on circular economy issues. Hydro 
has strategic partnerships with many customers to design and develop more 
sustainable products. The company engages industry associations, standard 
setters, and local stakeholders in countries where it has significant operations, 
as well as with regional structures like the European Union, on topics related 
to the environmental and social impacts of resource use. Read more about 
collaboration and eco-design in Hydro’s White Papers
 on recycling and 
circular economy.
Waste management 
Hydro measures and reports on the amount of hazardous and nonhazardous 
waste generated from its operations, waste treatment methods, and whether 
the waste is directed to disposal methods like landfilling. Please see note E5.3
 
for more information. 
Waste management is part of Hydro’s global directives for sustainability and 
health, safety and environment. Hydro’s goal is to first minimize the amount of 
waste produced in its operations and then reuse or recycle it. When this is not 
possible, the company shall deposit it in a secure way in compliance with 
regulatory standards and legal requirements. All targets related to waste are 
set by Hydro on a voluntary basis and are not imposed by legislation or 
regulations. 
Mineral waste (bauxite tailings and residue) 
Tailings from bauxite extraction consist of mineral rejects from the extraction 
process mixed with water and flocculants. Hydro’s Tailings Dry Backfill 
technology at the Paragominas mine allows tailings to dry in shallow areas 
before being excavated and returned to the mined strip from where they 
originated. The mined strip is then reshaped and rehabilitation initiated with 
the ambition of returning it to original conditions. By continuously backfilling 
the dry tailings, the methodology eliminates the need for new permanent 
tailings storage facilities (TSFs), including the need to raise existing facilities 
further. 85 percent of the total tailing generated in 2025 was directed to this 
backfill process, with the remaining 15 percent directed to traditional 
permanent TSFs.
Bauxite residue is a waste product of the alumina refining process. Its disposal 
is challenging due to large volumes and its alkaline nature. The residue is 
washed with water to lower the alkalinity and to recover caustic soda for 
reuse. Hydro's state of the art press filter technology allows for storage of dry 
filtered stacks. This is done by pressing the residue through 74 plates of filter 
fabric membranes, resulting in a more compact residue, thus reducing the 
relative environmental footprint. The residual moisture content is reduced to 
22 percent. 
Hydro has a commercial research partnership with WAVE Aluminium to 
research the possibilities to use bauxite residue as a resource. Using a new 
combination of innovative technologies, a bauxite residue processing plant is 
being built at Alunorte, which will initially have the capacity to process 100,000 
tonnes per year of bauxite residue to produce pig iron. Hydro is also engaged 
in several other R&D projects connected to bauxite residue management and 
utilization. In 2025, Hydro sent 36,000 tonnes of bauxite residue to its 
commercial research partnerships for recycling. In Brazil, Hydro cooperates 
with the national Brazilian entity ISI-TM (Senai Innovation Institute – Mineral 
Technologies), UFPA (Federal University of Pará) and USP (University of São 
Paulo). Hydro is also working with other aluminium companies through the 
International Aluminium Institute to solve this industry challenge. The efforts 
also create local and international innovation networks that bridge universities, 
research centers, companies, and regulators. 
Non-mineral waste and other byproducts 
Hydro has an ambition to eliminate landfilling of all recoverable waste by 
2040, and each business area has developed roadmaps to deliver on this 
long-term target. In 2025, approximately 16 percent of the total non-mineral 
waste generated by Hydro was landfilled. This is an improvement of three 
percentage points compared to 2024. This improvement has been largely 
driven by initiatives at Alunorte, where they have successfully implemented 
actions to minimize and/or recycle waste bauxite, hydrate, alumina and coal 
within the relevant production processes.
Hydro has also established a specific target to address spent pot lining (SPL). 
SPL is generated from the electrolysis cells used in primary aluminium 
production. By 2030, Hydro aims to dispose less than 35 percent of generated 
SPL to landfill, in the fully owned or operated smelters. In Brazil, the Albras 
smelter has received Intertek’s “Zero Waste to Landfill” certification. This 
includes its SPL, which is sent to the cement industry for co-processing. In 
Norway, the majority of Hydro’s SPL is landfilled as opportunities for recycling 
or reusing the waste are limited. Hydro is investigating changes in potline 
construction that may reduce the generation of hazardous waste and 
processes for removing fluoride and other contamination from the SPL that 
may open new material recycling opportunities. In parallel, Hydro is working 
with other industries on temporary solutions to increase energy recovery 
through incineration.
In 2025, 47 percent of generated SPL in Hydro was landfilled, four percent 
more than in 2024. This is largely due to an increase in SPL generation, linked 
to relining of electrolysis pots, at Norwegian smelters that have no alternative 
to landfilling available today.
Anode butts are the residual material left after anode consumption by the 
electrolysis process in the aluminium smelters. 91 percent of anode butts 
produced in Hydro’s fully owned or operated smelters were recycled in 2025. 
The remainder was incinerated with energy recovery. 
Dross is a mixture of metallic aluminium, alloy components and metal oxides 
that is formed on the surface of liquid aluminium. Hydro’s casthouses have 
treatment facilities to recover as much aluminium as possible from hot dross 
and residual dross. 100 percent of the dross produced in Hydro is recycled. 
Hydro is also involved in a Norwegian research project that is evaluating the 
recovery of valuable surplus bath components from aluminium electrolysis.
Resource use and circular economy Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 99

[page 100]
Statement on EU taxonomy for sustainable economic activities
Hydro reports on revenue (turnover), capital expenditure and operating 
expenses associated with taxonomy-eligible and aligned economic activities, 
according to regulation EU (2020/852) and supplementing delegated acts. 
Identifying eligible activities 
Hydro has identified five activities that have been assessed for alignment with 
the criteria for significant contribution to climate change mitigation (CCM). The 
activities have not been assessed for alignment with the criteria for climate 
change adaptation (CCA). Although the taxonomy regulation does not define 
materiality thresholds for classifying economic activities, Hydro does not report 
on all non-core economic activities that could be taxonomy eligible. Certain 
construction, real estate and transport activities in Hydro are not evaluated for 
taxonomy eligibility. 
Manufacture of primary aluminium (CCM 3.8) 
The manufacture of primary aluminium in Hydro is an eligible and transitional 
activity according to the EU taxonomy. The technical screening criteria refers 
to the production of liquid aluminium through electrolysis of alumina. 
Hydro’s primary aluminium plants produce liquid and remelted aluminium that is 
cast to form value added products such as extrusion ingot, primary foundry alloys, 
sheet ingot, and wire rod, in addition to standard ingot. When cast into products, 
alloying metals and externally purchased cold metal is added. The amount of cold 
metal added varies with market circumstances and available casthouse capacity. 
Liquid aluminium is rarely sold to third parties due to logistical challenges. 
Hydro has five fully owned primary aluminium production facilities in Norway, 
an aluminium production facility operated by a part-owned subsidiaries in 
Brazil, and part-ownership in facilities in Australia and Canada, in the scope of 
taxonomy reporting. Hydro also has ownership in a primary aluminium 
producer in Qatar, reported as a joint venture and therefore outside the scope 
of Hydro’s reporting. 
To make a substantial contribution to climate change mitigation, primary 
aluminium production facilities must be based on electricity for the electrolysis 
that has an average carbon intensity below 100g CO2e per kWh, and the 
electricity consumption for the manufacturing process must not exceed 15.5 
MWh per tonne aluminium. 
Manufacture of secondary aluminium (CCM 3.8) 
The manufacture of recycled aluminium is an eligible and transitional activity 
according to the taxonomy. Process scrap and post-consumer scrap are 
purchased from third parties for recycling into extrusion ingot. Standard ingot 
and alloying metal are added to meet customer specifications. Hydro has a 
portfolio of standalone recyclers, in addition to recyclers located wall to wall 
alongside its extrusion plants. All manufacturing of recycled aluminium is 
defined as making a substantial contribution to climate change mitigation. 
Electricity generation from hydropower (CCM 4.5) 
Operation of facilities that generate electricity from hydropower are an eligible 
activity under the taxonomy. Hydro operates 40 hydropower plants in Norway, 
with a combined production of 13.7 TWh in a normal year. The purpose of 
Hydro’s hydropower assets is to secure a stable power supply to its primary 
aluminium plants located in Norway, which means the hydropower is mainly 
generated and used for internal consumption. 
To make a substantial contribution to climate change mitigation, hydropower 
production must either be a run of river plant that does not have an artificial 
reservoir, or be a reservoir based power plant that either has a power density 
of the electricity generation above 5W per m2 of the built up reservoir, or have 
lifecycle GHG emissions below 100g CO2 equivalents per kWh. 
Manufacture of hydrogen (CCM 3.10) 
Manufacture of hydrogen is an eligible activity according to the taxonomy. 
Hydro has invested in equipment for manufacture hydrogen based on 
renewable energy sources. To make a substantial contribution to climate 
change mitigation, hydrogen production must have lifecycle GHG emissions 
lower than 3 tonnes CO2 equivalents per tonne hydrogen. 
Manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen (CCM 3.2) 
Manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen is a 
taxonomy-eligible economic activity. Hydro has invested in equipment for the 
use of hydrogen at its Høyanger aluminium recycling plant. Manufacture of 
equipment for production and use of hydrogen is classified as an enabling 
activity that makes a substantial contribution to climate change mitigation as 
long as it enables the production or use of hydrogen, or hydrogen based 
synthetic fuels that meet the criteria for CCM 3.10, described above. 
End use contribution from Hydro’s activities 
Hydro manufactures products that contribute to climate change mitigation as 
constituent parts of technologies, infrastructure and complex products needed 
in a low-carbon society. Examples are battery casings used in the 
manufacture of electric vehicles, and aluminium components for energy 
efficient buildings and solar panels. The taxonomy does not provide clear 
guidance on how to define eligibility in the supply chain of taxonomy-eligible 
activities. Consequently, Hydro reports based on the taxonomy-eligible 
activities of primary and recycled aluminium production, rather than on end 
use of the aluminium the company produces. 
Taxonomy capex and Hydro’s decarbonization map
Hydro does not have a formal capex plan as described in the Taxonomy 
regulation (EU) 2021/2178. The Taxonomy capex KPI is influenced by capital 
intensive decarbonization investments in non-eligible activities that are 
essential to reducing environmental and climate impacts. Such projects, 
including the fuel switch project at the alumina refinery in Brazil, contribute to 
a lower share of Taxonomy-aligned capex. 
EU Taxonomy Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 100

[page 101]
Reporting boundaries and non-eligible activities 
Only assets in consolidated companies and joint operations are considered for 
eligibility. Hydro’s upstream bauxite mining and alumina refining, as well as 
downstream production of extruded aluminium products, are not eligible under 
the EU taxonomy. Hydro’s investments in electricity generation from wind and 
solar in noncontrolled ventures are also non-eligible. 
Determining whether eligible activities are aligned with the 
taxonomy criteria 
Eligible activities are assessed against the criteria. Hydro does not have 
specific plans to increase alignment of existing activities, but considers the 
criteria when planning upgrades to existing assets. 
Manufacture of primary and recycled aluminium 
Hydro’s primary aluminium production that is based on renewable electricity 
will meet the substantial contribution criteria for manufacture of aluminium that 
relate to the smelters’ energy efficiency (below 15.5 MWh/t Al), and the carbon 
intensity for the electricity used (below 100g CO2e/kWh). 
All aluminium remelting activity qualifies for substantial contribution under the 
taxonomy’s manufacture of secondary aluminium activity. 
Hydro’s operations in Europe meet the DNSH criteria for all environmental 
objectives as they are within normal, lawful operations, comply with emission 
permits to air and water, and emissions are within the levels associated with 
the best available technique conclusions for the non-ferrous metals industries, 
have performed environmental impact assessments and taken necessary 
action required, and Hydro has performed a climate risk and vulnerability 
assessment. Hydro’s primary aluminium smelters outside of Europe do not 
meet the BAT ranges, and recyclers without a bag house filter do not meet the 
DNSH criteria for pollution prevention and control. 
Electricity generation from hydropower 
In 2023, Hydro Energy estimated GHG emission from 10 reservoirs within own 
operation, by using the G-res tool, carried out by an independent third party. 
The net emissions for the other reservoirs were estimated based on the 
results from the third party analysis. All electricity generation from Hydro’s 
hydropower operations with a reservoir are below the criteria of 100 g CO2e 
per kWh. In addition, Vigelandsfoss is a run of river hydropower facility without 
an artificial reservoir, which also complies with the alignment criteria. 
Hydro’s hydropower operations have been included in Hydro’s climate risk and 
vulnerability assessment, and comply with the DNSH criteria for climate 
change adaptation, and in addition follows operational routines for climate risk 
identification and mitigation. 
By following all concession requirements and meeting the requirements in the 
Regional Water Basin Management plans, Hydro ensures alignment with the 
taxonomy’s DNSH criteria for water and marine resources. The DNSH criteria 
for water and marine resources refers to alignment with the EU Water Frame 
Directive, and in particular article 4. The Directive establishes requirements for 
how water bodies should be classified based on their ecological potential and 
thereby receive their own relevant environmental objective. This 
environmental objective should be achieved within a given deadline, through 
measures settled by and approved by the authorities. The environmental 
objectives for each water body are established for a 6 year period of time (with 
potential extension). 
In Norway, implementation of the Water Frame Directive is done through the 
national regulation (Vannforskriften) through concessions and through additional 
requirements from sector authority to the hydropower producers (or other 
economic activities influencing the water body in question). Technically feasible 
and ecologically relevant mitigation measures in accordance with Vannforskriften 
are set through regional water basin management plans (regionale vannplaner). 
The sector authority defines the relevant and required mitigation measures for 
each water body. Hydro is required to follow these requirements and cannot 
implement measures beyond those mandated by authorities. 
Hydro has carried out a systematic review of all relevant concessions as well 
as requirements to improvement activities based on appendices in the 
regional water management plans for all its power locations, to check 
requirements given in concessions and appendices to regional water basin 
management plans. All applicable mitigation measures for water bodies 
related to Hydro’s hydropower operations are implemented according to 
expectations and schedule. Hydro maintains a complete overview of all water 
bodies that are impacted by its hydropower operations, their status and 
environmental objective, as well as water bodies that are exempt from article 
4. Hydro regularly reviews and discusses mitigation activities and may 
propose new initiatives for water bodies to improve ecological conditions to 
the concessionaire. Once approved by the sector authority, these measures 
become part of Hydro’s mandatory operational requirements. This approach 
allows Hydro to have a certain influence of the ecological status of the water 
bodies managed by the company while adhering to authority requirements. 
All of Hydro Energy’s new projects follow the EIA directive regulations to do no 
significant harm on biodiversity and ecosystems. For existing power 
production, the company does not have any open requirements for 
environmental improvement measures. 
Manufacture of hydrogen 
Hydro’s investments in hydrogen production will employ electrolysis based on 
renewable electrical power to transform water into oxygen and hydrogen. The 
lifecycle GHG emissions of the hydrogen manufactured using the technology 
has been estimated by a third party study. For a direct hydropower scenario, 
the lifecycle GHG emissions of the hydrogen manufactured will be 22 g CO2e 
per kg hydrogen. A scenario employing the Norwegian electricity market mix, 
the result will be 653 g CO2e per kg hydrogen. Both scenarios comply with the 
alignment criteria. 
Hydro’s hydrogen production will be based on water and electric power, and 
will not consume or discharge pollutants. The investments are therefore 
considered aligned with the DNSH criteria for pollution. An environmental 
impact assessment or screening has not been determined relevant by the 
competent authority, since the production asset will be sited on an existing 
industrial site with no impacts on areas other than already modified areas. The 
hydrogen production will withdraw water from the municipal waterworks during 
operation, and degradation risks related to preserving water quality and 
avoiding water stress are therefore very limited without impact on achieving 
good water status and good ecological potential in the area. The site of the 
hydrogen investments is included in Hydro’s climate risk and vulnerability 
assessment. 
EU Taxonomy Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 101

[page 102]
Manufacture of equipment for the production and use of hydrogen 
Hydro’s investments to use hydrogen at the Høyanger recycling plant will 
support the use of green hydrogen manufactured by Hydro, in line with the 
alignment criteria for climate change mitigation. The employed technologies 
include considerations for durability, waste management, and substances of 
concern and meet the other DNSH criteria as described above.
Compliance with minimum safeguards 
Hydro’s activities are carried out in compliance with the minimum safeguards. 
Hydro has implemented due diligence processes based on the OECD 
Guidelines, and cover labor rights for own workers and workers in the value 
chain. Due diligence processes related to bribery, taxation, and fair 
competition are integrated in the compliance system and covered by including 
Hydro’s Code of Conduct applicable to all employees. In 2025, there were no 
signs of non-compliance with minimum safeguards, lack of response or 
collaboration with a National Contact Point, or liability of Hydro companies in 
respect for breaches of any these topics. See also Hydro’s processes and 
outcomes related to minimum safeguards in Own workforce
, Workers in the 
value chain, Affected communities, Business conduct, the Country by country 
report, as well as Note 10.1 to the consolidated financial statements.
Row Nuclear energy related activities
1 The undertaking carries out, funds, or has exposures to 
research, development, demonstration, and deployment of 
innovative electricity generation facilities that produce 
energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the 
fuel cycle.
No
2 The undertaking carries out, funds, or has exposures to 
construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations 
to produce electricity or process heat, including for the 
purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as 
hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, 
using best available technologies.
No
3 The undertaking carries out, funds, or has exposures to 
safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce 
electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of 
district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen 
production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety 
upgrades.
No
Row Fossil gas related activities
4 The undertaking carries out, funds, or has exposures to 
construction or operation of electricity generation facilities 
that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.
No
5 The undertaking carries out, funds, or has exposures to 
construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined 
heat/cool and power generation facilities using fossil 
gaseous fuels.
No
6 The undertaking carries out, funds, or has exposures to 
construction, refurbishment and operation of heat 
generation facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil 
gaseous fuels.
No
Exposure to nuclear and fossil gas related activities
EU Taxonomy Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 102

[page 103]
Measuring performance 
Hydro’s activities are linked to the boundaries of the reporting entity as defined 
by IFRS and described in the group financial statements. See Hydro’s 
consolidation principles in Note 1.1
 to the Financial statements. 
In combination, the below indicators are intended by the taxonomy to express 
the company’s activities that qualify as environmentally sustainable. 
Revenue (turnover) 
Revenue represents Hydro’s total revenue from contracts with customers as 
specified in Note 5.1
 to the Financial statements. This amount excludes 
income (loss) from realized and unrealized changes in fair value of derivative 
instruments which is considered not eligible activities under the taxonomy. 
Revenue associated with eligible activities comprises the following elements 
from external revenues: 
• Revenue from sale of liquid metal 
• Revenue from sale of casthouse products to customers 
• The metal value of revenue from sale of extruded products 
• Revenue from sale of electricity 
Hydro’s eligible activities are primary aluminium production, recycled 
aluminium production and production of electricity. The output from these 
activities is partly sold directly to customers, partly upgraded to more 
advanced products for sale to customers through further processes not 
described in the taxonomy and partly consumed in the production process. 
Revenue from sale of liquid metal is the direct output from the production of 
primary metal. No adjustments are made to the prices agreed with customers. 
The amount is limited as liquid metal cannot be stored or transported over 
longer distances. 
EU Taxonomy Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 103
Aligned 25%
Non-aligned 4%
Aligned 31%
Non-aligned 16%
Aligned 35%
Non-aligned 15%
50%
50%
47%53%
30%
70%
Eligible Non-eligible
Capex
13.5
NOK billion
Revenue
208.0
NOK billion
Opex
10.5
NOK billion
Eligible activities Non-eligible activities
Primary 
aluminium 
production
Secondary 
aluminium 
production
Electricity 
generation from 
hydropower
Manufacture 
of hydrogen
Manufacture of 
equipment for the 
use of hydrogen
Mining and 
alumina refining
Extrusion 
activities
Commercial 
activities


[page 104]
Revenue from the sale of casthouse products to customers is the most directly 
associated commercial product resulting from aluminium production, whether 
primary or recycled. The majority of the value of a casthouse product results 
from its aluminium content, while most products also contain alloying material 
to achieve the intended properties for use. 
The metal value of revenue from the sale of extruded products is included to 
reflect the similar value as for casthouse products. The metal value is 
calculated the same way as for casthouse products by using internal sales 
data associated with casthouse products sold from Hydro’s primary aluminium 
plants and aluminium recyclers to extrusion plants. These internal sales 
accounted for 29 percent of the reported eligible revenues and 22 percent of 
aligned revenues associated with manufacture of aluminium, in 2025. If this 
metal value of the sales of extruded products is excluded from Hydro’s eligible 
activities, eligible revenues would be 34 percent of total revenues (as 
compared to the 47 percent reported), and taxonomy aligned revenues would 
be 25 percent (as compared to the 31 percent reported). 
Alloying material varies from less than 1 percent up to around 11 percent. The 
value of alloying materials is considered an integral part of the product and its 
value thus included in revenue from eligible activities. In production of 
casthouse products, for recycling of post-consumer scrap, cold metal with a 
known purity is added to achieve the intended properties of the casthouse 
product. Purchased standard ingot is the primary source for this purpose. As 
this element is neither manufacture of primary nor recycled aluminium, the 
revenue is adjusted for the share of aluminium added on a tonnage basis to 
exclude the value of the cold metal added. The eligible share of revenue from 
sale of casthouse products only covers the sale of aluminium produced by 
Hydro. Cold metal that is sourced internally is also excluded, to avoid double 
counting of revenues associated with casthouse products that are sold 
internally. Metal purchased for resale, including metal produced by the joint 
venture Qatalum, is also excluded. 
The value of upgrading the casthouse products through such processes as 
extruding profiles for customers’ application, further fabrication of those 
profiles, surface treatment and other processes that might apply, is also 
excluded. 
Revenue from sale of electricity consists of revenue from spot sales of daily 
excess production from Hydro’s power plants in Norway above what is 
consumed in Hydro’s own activities. To the extent Hydro sells power 
purchased from other producers, that revenue is excluded from the eligible 
share together with any revenue from power trading. 
Capital expenditure 
CapEx comprises additions to property, plant, and equipment, represented by 
the gross amount of purchase, development, or lease as specified in note 2.1
 
to the Financial statements. It also includes the gross amount of purchase or 
development of intangible assets as specified in note 2.2
 Intangible assets. 
Any amount of gross additions to property, plant and equipment or intangibles 
resulting from business combinations is included in CapEx under this metric. 
Further, any lease capitalized is included with the addition (or reduction) 
required by IFRS. 
Short-term leases and small asset leases as well as variable lease payments 
are not recognized as fixed assets and are thus not included in this indicator. 
Any goodwill recognized in a business combination is not included in the 
indicator. Further, financial investments, including capital injections in 
associated companies and joint ventures, are excluded from the metric. 
Additions to property, plant and equipment, and to intangible assets for eligible 
activities include both sustaining investments in existing plants engaged in 
eligible activities and expansions or new facilities within such activities. As a 
starting point, entire plants including associated and supporting functions are 
included. However, several aluminium smelters have on-site production of 
anodes, an activity that is not described in the taxonomy. Where a smelter has 
an associated anode production facility, these are excluded from investments 
in a smelter. For extrusion plants, the eligible share of CapEx covers the 
recycling facilities as such including furnaces and casthouse equipment. 
Extrusion presses, other facilities and support facilities mainly serving the 
extrusion activities are fully excluded from eligible CapEx. 
Investments in activities that are not aligned at the time of investment, and 
where the activity as such will not become aligned, is not included as an 
aligned investment. That includes investments with the purpose of reducing 
the environmental footprint of activities, but not covered by the taxonomy. 
Such investments may cover significant reductions of CO2 or other emissions, 
but are excluded from the taxonomy CapEx indicator because the investments 
are not related to taxonomy-eligible activities. 
Operating expenditure 
OpEx comprises Hydro’s total expenses from the specified functions and 
represent a sub-set of expenses presented, primarily in the line items 
Employee benefit expense and Other expenses in Hydro’s income 
statements. Operating expenditure is described as a share of the expenses 
included in the sub-total EBIT in the income statement. The regulation 
requires companies to report expenses that represent direct non-capitalized 
costs that relate to the following functions: 
• Research and development 
• Building renovation measures 
• Short-term lease 
• Maintenance and repair, and any other direct expenditures relating to the 
day-to-day servicing of assets of property, plant, and equipment that are 
necessary to ensure the continued and effective functioning of such assets. 
Research and development costs cover projects that do not meet the specific 
criteria for capitalization as intangible assets. Expenses include such items as 
employee benefits, use of research facilities including operating expenses and 
depreciation of property, plant and equipment, and external services both for 
specific services to projects managed internally, for outsourced projects 
managed by external parties as well as financing of initiatives conducted 
jointly with other companies or industry associations. 
Building renovation measures are currently of limited relevance to Hydro, as 
there are no significant such projects ongoing. 
Short-term leases and leases for low value assets are described in Note 2.6
 to 
the consolidated financial statements. 
Maintenance and repair expenses include Hydro’s maintenance and repair 
cost not qualifying for capitalization as part of the relevant asset. The 
maintenance expenses are only partly captured in Hydro’s financial reporting, 
EU Taxonomy Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 104

[page 105]
as Hydro presents its operating expenses by nature of expenses and not by 
function. Repair and maintenance activities consist of employee expenses, 
consumables and spare parts, and various services. The total expenses 
related to these activities have been estimated based on management 
reporting in units and business areas, which is not necessarily fully consistent. 
Management considers the amounts to be a reasonable expression of such 
expenses in Hydro. 
Hydro’s total estimated expenses from the specified functions represent 
primarily the maintenance and day to day servicing costs for assets used in 
the eligible activities. In addition, research and development projects with the 
aim of improving production methods for primary and recycled aluminium are 
included as eligible activities. 
Research and development activities aiming at improving mining methods, 
production methods for alumina and improved application of aluminium 
products, and which may have significant impact on reducing direct and 
indirect negative environmental impacts, is excluded from the metric as these 
processes are not currently covered in the taxonomy. 
There is no CapEx or OpEx related to the purchase of output from taxonomy-
aligned economic activities and to individual measures enabling the target 
activities to become low-carbon or to lead to greenhouse gas reductions as 
well as individual building renovation measures included in the numerators of 
the CapEx or OpEx KPIs.
EU Taxonomy Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 105

[page 106]
Proportion of turnover from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities - disclosure covering year 2025 1)
Financial year 2025 2025 Substantial Contribution Criteria DNSH criteria (“Does not significantly harm”) (h)
Economic activities (1)
C
ode(s) (2)
T
urnover (3)
P
roportion of 
turnover year (4)
C
limate change 
mitigation (5)
C
limate change 
adaptation (6)
W
ater (7)
P
ollution (8)
C
ircular economy 
(9)
B
iodiversity and 
ecosystems (10)
C
limate change 
mitigation (11)
C
limate change 
adaptation (12)
W
ater (13)
P
ollution (14)
C
ircular (15)
B
iodiversity and 
ecosystems (16)
M
inimum 
safeguards (17)
P
roportion of 
taxonomy aligned 
(A.1) or eligible (A.2) 
turnover, year 2024 
(18)
C
ategory enabling 
activity (19)
C
ategory transitional 
activity (20)
M
NOK %
Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c)
Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c)
Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c)
Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c)
Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c)
Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c)
Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N % % %
A. Taxonomy eligible activities
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)
Manufacture of aluminium CCM 3.8 59 867  29 % Y N N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL - Y Y Y N/A Y Y  26 % T
Electricity generation from hydropower CCM 4.5 4 523  2 % Y N N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL - Y Y N/A N/A Y Y  2 %
Turnover of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1.) 64 390  31 %  31 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  28 %
Of which Enabling  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 % E
Of which Transactional  29 %  29 %  26 % T
A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)
EL;N/
EL (f)
EL;N/
EL (f)
EL;N/
EL (f)
EL;N/
EL (f)
EL;N/
EL (f)
EL;N/
EL (f)
Manufacture of aluminium CCM 3.8 33 391  16 % EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL  21 %
Turnover of Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable 
activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2) 33 391  16 %  16 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  21 %
A.Turnover of Taxonomy eligible activities (A.1+A.2) 97 781  47 %  47 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  49 %
B.Taxonomy-non-eligible activities
Turnover of Taxonomy-non-eligible activities 110 191  53 %
TOTAL 207 971  100 %
1 If the metal value of sale of extruded products that is associated with Hydro’s manufacture of aluminium is excluded, eligible revenues would be 34% of total revenues (as compared to 47% reported), and aligned revenues would be 25% (as compared to 31% reported).
EU Taxonomy Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 106

[page 107]
Proportion of CapEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities - disclosure covering year 2025 
Financial year 2025 2025 Substantial Contribution Criteria DNSH criteria (“Does not significantly harm”) (h)
Economic activities (1)
C
ode(s) (2)
C
apex (3)
P
roportion of 
Capex year (4)
C
limate change 
mitigation (5)
C
limate change 
adaptation (6)
W
ater (7)
P
ollution (8)
C
ircular economy 
(9)
B
iodiversity and 
ecosystems (10)
C
limate change 
mitigation (11)
C
limate change 
adaptation (12)
W
ater (13)
P
ollution (14)
C
ircular (15)
B
iodiversity and 
ecosystems (16)
M
inimum 
safeguards (17)
P
roportion of 
taxonomy aligned 
(A.1) or eligible (A.2) 
Capex, year 2024 
(18)
C
ategory enabling 
activity (19)
C
ategory transitional 
activity (20)
M
NOK %
Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c)
Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c)
Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c)
Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c)
Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c)
Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c)
Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N % % %
A. Taxonomy eligible activities
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)
Manufacture of aluminium CCM 3.8 4 308  32 % Y N N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL - Y Y Y N/A Y Y  26 % T
Electricity generation from hydropower CCM 4.5 271  2 % Y N N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL - Y Y N/A N/A Y Y  3 %
Manufacture of hydrogen CCM 3.10 49  0.4 % Y N N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL - Y Y N/A N/A Y Y  1 %
Manufacture of equipment for production and use of hydrogen CCM 3.2 49  0.4 % Y N N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL - Y Y N/A N/A Y Y  0.1 % E
Capex of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1.) 4 678  35 %  28 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  30 %
Of which Enabling 49  0.4 %  0.4 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0.1 % E
Of which Transactional  32 %  32 %  26 % T
A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)
EL;N/
EL (f)
EL;N/
EL (f)
EL;N/
EL (f)
EL;N/
EL (f)
EL;N/
EL (f)
EL;N/
EL (f)
Manufacture of aluminium CCM 3.8 1 999  15 % EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL  13 %
Capex of Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable 
activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2) 1 999  15 %  15 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  13 %
A.Capex of Taxonomy eligible activities (A.1+A.2) 6 677  50 %  50 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  42 %
B.Taxonomy-non-eligible activities
Capex of Taxonomy-non-eligible activities 6 792  50 %
TOTAL 13 470  100 %
EU Taxonomy Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 107

[page 108]
Proportion of OpEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities - disclosure covering year 2025
Financial year 2025 2025 Substantial Contribution Criteria DNSH criteria (“Does not significantly harm”) (h)
Economic activities (1)
C
ode(s) (2)
O
pex (3)
P
roportion of 
Opex year (4)
C
limate change 
mitigation (5)
C
limate change 
adaptation (6)
W
ater (7)
P
ollution (8)
C
ircular economy 
(9)
B
iodiversity and 
ecosystems (10)
C
limate change 
mitigation (11)
C
limate change 
adaptation (12)
W
ater (13)
P
ollution (14)
C
ircular (15)
B
iodiversity and 
ecosystems (16)
M
inimum 
safeguards (17)
P
roportion of 
taxonomy aligned 
(A.1) or eligible (A.2) 
Opex, year 2024 
(18)
C
ategory enabling 
activity (19)
C
ategory transitional 
activity (20)
M
NOK %
Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c)
Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c)
Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c)
Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c)
Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c)
Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c)
Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N % % %
A. Taxonomy eligible activities
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)
Manufacture of aluminium COM 3.8 2 193  21 % Y N N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL - Y Y Y N/A Y Y  18 % T
Electricity generation from hydropower COM 4.5 176  2 % Y N N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL - Y Y N/A N/A Y Y  2 %
Manufacture of hydrogen CCM 3.10 135  1 % Y N N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL - Y Y N/A N/A Y Y  - %
Manufacture of equipment for production and use of hydrogen CCM 3.2 135  1 % Y N N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL - Y Y N/A N/A Y Y  - % E
Opex of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1.) 2 639  25 %  25 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  20 %
Of which Enabling 135  1 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  - % E
Of which Transactional  21 %  21 %  18 % T
A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)
EL;N/
EL (f)
EL;N/
EL (f)
EL;N/
EL (f)
EL;N/
EL (f)
EL;N/
EL (f)
EL;N/
EL (f)
Manufacture of aluminium CCM 3.8 473  4 % EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL  9 %
Opex of Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable 
activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2) 473  4 %  4 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  9 %
A.Opex of Taxonomy eligible activities (A.1+A.2) 3 113  30 %  30 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  29 %
B.Taxonomy-non-eligible activities
Opex of Taxonomy-non-eligible activities 7 406  70 %
TOTAL 10 519  100 %
EU Taxonomy Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 108

[page 109]
Legacy impact
Why it matters
Operations that are conducted in compliance with regulatory requirements, 
and in line with best industry practices and available technologies can still 
have legacies. Examples of legacies are tailings facilities which require 
continuous management and emergency preparedness, water bodies and 
land areas that have been contaminated by past operations, impacted land 
and vegetation that must be restored, and sites where the operations have 
been terminated and measures to comply with closure obligations are being 
implemented. Legacies typically require management and funding many years 
after the industrial activity that created them ceased.
Inevitably Hydro’s 120 year history of industrial activities has resulted in 
environmental and social legacies. In addition, legacies have been transferred 
into Hydro’s portfolio through mergers and acquisitions.
The main risk related to legacy management is failure to identify legacy risks 
and opportunities early enough, which could result in negative impacts on 
health, safety, or the environment, and create unnecessary cost, and 
reputational damage for the company. 
Managing legacies is an important responsibility for Hydro to protect the 
environment and human health. History has shown that inferior tailings facility 
management can in the worst case compromise public safety. Over the past 
decade, several tailings facility failures within the global mining industry have 
resulted in hundreds of fatalities, severe environmental and social harm, and 
substantial financial losses.
In countries with a large mining sector, there is an increasing concern that 
legacies from mining operations represent a financial risk to the society since 
there have been several cases where mining companies have gone bankrupt 
prior to fulfilling their remediation or closure obligations. Managing the 
potential impact of Hydro’s industrial legacy on local communities and the 
environment is therefore key to building trust and to managing sustainability 
related risks in Hydro. 
There is a high degree of uncertainty related to the financial effects of 
legacies, because the timing, scope, and cost of remediation and closure 
obligations is unpredictable. Environmental authorities have a large room for 
judgment when it comes to enforcing environmental laws and it is difficult to 
foresee far in advance what actions will be required. In general, requirements 
tend to increase over time as more knowledge about the environmental issues 
and its impacts becomes available, and as new or improved remediation 
techniques are being developed. Going forward, the risk of extreme weather 
events due to climate change is expected to be a driver for increased legacy 
management requirements. Stricter requirements for Hydro’s ongoing 
operations are expected to decrease the development of future legacies. See 
Note 4.1
 to the financial statements for details on uncertain assets and 
liabilities, including asset retirement obligations.
See Hydro.com for Hydro’s Tailings Management Policy, the GISTM Public 
Disclosure Report and GISTM conformance status. 
Our approach 
By implementing a proactive approach to legacy management, Hydro aims to 
identify risks and opportunities at an early stage to enable the development 
and implementation of robust and cost efficient solutions which are in line with 
stakeholder expectations. Through Hydro’s legacy and closure management 
program, the company aims to avoid or minimize the creation of additional 
legacies as well as to minimize impacts of legacies from the past. Hydro 
manages risks and opportunities throughout all phases of an asset’s lifecycle, 
including investment (design/construction or acquisition), operation, closure 
and post-closure.
Failure to identify legacy impacts and costs in the design/construction phase 
of a new asset or in acquisition processes could lead to future remediation 
and closure costs which are disproportionate in size to the benefit of the 
investment. This risk is mitigated through corporate governance requirements 
that mandate financial assessment with respect to legacy aspects during 
project planning and acquisition evaluations. 
Stakeholder engagement
Hydro engages with potentially impacted stakeholders directly through 
dialogue. Local authorities and NGOs are engaged directly, where necessary.
Management of legacies 
Several decades ago, Hydro’s operations at Herøya in Norway led to 
contamination of the nearby Gunneklevfjorden. In 2018, the Norwegian 
Environmental Agency (NEA) issued a remediation order requiring Hydro to 
cap the fjord bed with clean geological materials to isolate environmental 
toxins and prevent them from spreading. Following extensive mapping, 
investigations, testing, and planning, the physical execution of the capping 
project was completed in 2025, and the site has been demobilized. Hydro has 
submitted the final project report to the NEA and is now preparing for the next 
phase of the remediation process. In 2026, Hydro plans to implement 
measures to safeguard the capping layer and initiate a post-monitoring 
program in line with regulatory expectations.
At Stulln in Germany, Hydro continued progressing mine closure activities at 
the former fluorspar mines, which date back to the 1920s. The work is carried 
out in close collaboration with relevant authorities and focuses on securing 
underground mining structures to ensure long-term stability and safety.
The Aluchemie anode producer, which is a joint operation company owned by 
Hydro (47 percent) and Rio Tinto (53 percent), located near Rotterdam in the 
Netherlands, ceased operations at the end of 2021. The site has since 
undergone demolition of buildings and infrastructure. Environmental 
remediation activities, initiated in 2024, are progressing according to schedule 
and in alignment with the remediation program agreed upon with the relevant 
authorities. The property is owned by the Rotterdam Port Authority, and 
Aluchemie is responsible for restoring the site to the condition it was in prior to 
the plant’s construction in 1962. Remediation work continued throughout 2025 
and is expected to be completed in the first half of 2026.
Legacy impact Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 109

[page 110]
At the Kurri Kurri legacy site in Australia, construction of an onsite, engineered 
containment cell and remediation of the site was completed in August 2024. 
The Site Audit Statement undertaken by an independent NSW EPA accredited 
auditor was completed for the site in 2025. The cell is being managed under a 
long-term environmental management plan with a structured monitoring phase 
which commenced in 2025, in line with commitments under the Planning 
Agreement with the State Government.
At the Ashtabula, Ohio legacy site in the U.S., activities connected with the 
construction and commissioning of a leachate treatment system and 
associated infrastructure were carried out throughout 2025, in line with the 
plan authorized by the competent authorities. Commissioning of the treatment 
system will continue in 2026. Additional work in 2025 included closure of 
selected settling ponds and limited investigation activities under the state-
certified Voluntary Action Program (VAP). The management of materials and 
demolition activities will continue in 2026.
In Brazil, at the Albras site, environmental assessment activities in the former 
waste disposal area (ADRS) continued throughout 2025 and similar 
assessment has been initiated at the industrial site as well. The assessments, 
carried out in collaboration with the Secretary of Environment and 
Sustainability of the state of Pará (Semas), are conducted in accordance with 
Brazilian environmental legislation reflecting Albras’s commitment to 
identifying, assessing, and responsibly managing any historical impacts from 
its operations as part of a stepwise process aimed at evaluating and 
managing potentially contaminated land.
Tailings management 
Failure to manage tailings facilities properly could compromise the safety of 
workers and the local community as well as cause significant environmental, 
social, and financial damage.
Hydro’s definition of tailings facility is an asset that is designed and managed 
to contain the tailings produced by the mining process or the bauxite residue 
produced by the alumina refining process. Tailings facilities refer to facilities 
that contain tailings or bauxite residue in open pit mines or on the surface. 
Tailings facilities are higher than 2.5 meters measured from the elevation of 
the crest to the elevation of the toe of the structure or have a combined water 
and solids volume more than 30,000 m3. Hydro’s methodology for tailings dry 
backfill in Paragominas is not defined as tailings facilities. Hydro owns four 
tailings facilities at Paragominas and Alunorte in the state of Pará in Brazil, 
and six smaller tailings facilities at legacy sites in Schwandorf and Stulln in 
Germany. 
Hydro’s objective for tailings management is zero failures that may lead to loss 
of life or life changing injuries, material negative socioeconomic impact or 
material environmental damage throughout the tailings facility lifecycle, from 
design to post closure.
Hydro commits to best practice tailings management to protect the health and 
safety of people, host communities, and the environment. Hydro plans, 
designs, constructs, operates, maintains, closes, and relinquishes its tailings 
facilities in accordance with regulatory compliance requirements, internal 
company standards, the International Council on Mining and Metal (ICMM) 
framework, and the Aluminium Stewardship Initiative (ASI) practices. 
Hydro’s governance structure for tailings management is clearly defined, 
starting at the Board of Directors. In addition to multiple regulatory reviews 
conducted annually by relevant authorities, Hydro carries out periodic tailings 
safety reviews of its facilities by independent review bodies in accordance with 
the GISTM. These reviews are conducted twice per year for Alunorte and 
Paragominas, and once per year for Schwandorf.
All of Hydro's tailings facilities are either in conformance with GISTM or have 
been classified as “safely closed” in accordance with the GISTM definition. 
Alunorte’s and Mineração Paragominas’ tailings facilities conformance to 
GISTM was confirmed through a third party validation in 2024. In August 2025, 
a self-assessment confirmed conformance of the Schwandorf tailings facilities 
in Germany. The Marienschachthalde and Grube Erna tailings facilities have 
been classified as safely closed in accordance with the GISTM definition1.
In 2025, activities at the Schwandorf tailings facilities included commissioning a 
new permanent water treatment plant as well as assessment of the slurry-walls.
The closure project for the tailing facilities at Grube Erna was completed in 
2025. Post- closure groundwater monitoring will continue at 
Marienschachthalde until 2029 and at Grube Erna until 2030, or until the 
mining authorities approve the discontinuation.
Implementation of best available technologies and methods is key to reduce 
impacts and risks of potentially catastrophic events. At Alunorte, Hydro has 
invested in press filters and is implementing progressive closure (as opposed 
to end of life closure) to: i) minimize possible negative impacts on the 
environment; ii) test the closure methodology, and iii) avoid that the entire 
closure burden is shifted to the end of operations. In Paragominas, Hydro 
implemented Tailings Dry Backfill. The company also has a comprehensive 
R&D program aiming to transform Alunorte’s bauxite residue into by products 
such as materials for the construction and steel sector. See also the chapter 
on Resource use and circular economy
, which describes tailings and bauxite 
residue in more detail, including how Hydro is pursuing reduction, reuse, and 
remediation technologies and methodologies to minimize impacts from tailings 
and bauxite residue.
Legacy impact Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 110
1 The GISTM defines ‘safe closure’ as a closed tailings facility that does not pose ongoing material risks to people or the environment which has been confirmed by an independent technical review body or senior independent technical reviewer and signed off by the Accountable Executive.

[page 111]
Own workforce - our people and work environment
Why it matters
Hydro is committed to providing a safe, healthy, and inclusive work environment for all individuals, including own 
employees, temporary employees, agency workers, and contractors. Health and safety of all people working for Hydro or 
affected by its activities is the most important priority.
To pioneer the green aluminium transition powered by renewable energy, Hydro depends on an engaged, skilled, and 
diverse workforce to continuously meet the needs of the markets while providing a safe, healthy, and inclusive work 
environment. As an employer, Hydro is dedicated to respecting and safeguarding the human rights of all individuals across 
the organization.
Hydro supports employees through secure jobs, fair compensation, learning and development, and social protection and 
can have a positive impact on its workforce through personal and career development. However, Hydro as a workplace is 
not free of risks caused by, for instance, minor to major accidents or even fatalities involving employees or contractors, but 
also non-routine work such as building and construction projects, work at height, mobile equipment, overhead cranes, 
confined spaces, or molten metal and projects. Health and safety impacts are the most severe human rights risks for 
Hydro’s workforce. Hydro can also have a negative impact on its employees in connection with closures or downsizing of 
its workforce that result in layoffs.
Salient Human rights risk for own workforce
Health 
and safety
Discrimination and 
harassment
Vulnerable 
individuals and 
groups
Freedom of 
association and 
collective bargaining
Access to information 
and participation in 
dialogue
Performance indicator Targets and Ambitions Performance and development
2025 2024 2023
Number of fatal accidents1 Zero fatal accidents 0 1 1
Total recordable injuries - recorded 
injuries per million hours1
Zero life changing injuries 0 1 1
Share of women employees2 30 percent share of women by 2030  24 %  24 %  23 %
Share of women leaders2 25 percent share of women leaders by 2030  21 %  21 %  20 %
Employee inclusion index3 78 percent inclusion index score  75 %
In 2025, Hydro continued to improve its health and safety statistics, with zero fatal and life changing accidents and an 
improvement to key health and safety statistics, including recordable injuries and high risk incidents. See note S1.3 for 
details.
Hydro set new targets for diversity, inclusion and belonging in 2030, as presented above. Hydro almost met its previously 
communicated 2025 target for total share of women employees, with 24.2 percent women employees in Hydro’s overall 
workforce against the 2025 target of 25 percent. Hydro maintains its 2025 target of 25 percent women in Hydro’s 
leadership positions as a 2030 target, with 21.1 percent of leaders being women at year end 2025.   
See the ESG factbook
 in the appendix for additional metrics related to employee characteristics, health and safety, 
diversity, training, collective bargaining, local representation, and pay statistics. 
Own workforce Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 111
1 Includes both employees and contractors. See note S1.3 for more information.
2 In permanent and temporary positions combined, based on headcount at year end.
3 Employee surveys are performed every two year, the last one was conducted in 2024.

[page 112]
Our approach 
Hydro’s people strategy and organizational culture is rooted in its core values: 
Care, Courage and Collaboration. These values are reflected in the Hydro 
Code of Conduct
, which outlines the shared responsibility of all personnel to 
foster a respectful, inclusive and safe work environment. To attract and retain 
top talent, Hydro follows a People Strategy based on four pillars: We Grow, 
We Innovate, We Lead and We Belong. Hydro considers all these areas to be 
cornerstones of the organization’s strategic priorities and key drivers of the 
company’s success. 
Hydro prioritizes safety across all operations, focusing on ergonomics and 
safe work environments. Hydro identifies and monitors potential impact on 
own employees and contractors according to the same standards, Code of 
Conduct, and other governing policies and documents, including the HSE 
policy and Hydro’s people strategy. The EVP People and HSE is responsible 
for guiding Hydro’s approach to health, safety, and workforce engagement 
concerning impacts and risks. The operationalization of this is delegated to the 
HSE and People organizations in the business areas, respectively. Hydro 
identifies and measures impacts on its workforce through direct involvement of 
employees in incident identification and investigation, regular network 
meetings within business areas, employee reviews, and engagement surveys. 
As part of Hydro’s human rights due diligence, the company maps salient 
potential and actual human rights impacts across its operations. See the 
position statement on human rights due diligence
 for more information about 
the company’s human rights management and due diligence approach. Hydro 
is committed to, and has a human rights policy
 based on, the UN Guiding 
Principles on Business and Human Rights, and other global frameworks that 
define human rights principles for businesses.
Hydro actively promotes Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging through 
campaigns, training, and employee groups, aiming to create a workplace 
where everyone can thrive and feel valued.
Stakeholder engagement
Hydro engages its employees on health and safety issues through frequent 
health and safety network meetings in business areas. Engagement on 
diversity and inclusion issues is primarily done through employee reviews and 
the range of initiatives sponsored by members of the Executive Leadership 
Team. Targets for own workforce are set based on insights from stakeholder 
engagement.
Hydro monitors its work environment and potential impacts on own workforce 
through periodic employee engagement surveys. The surveys focus on key 
engagement drivers and allows employees to provide feedback that is 
translated into targeted action plans and improvement roadmaps. The surveys 
also help identify and monitor negative impacts on own employees and 
pinpointing vulnerable groups risk, including impacts on psychosocial health 
and well being. 
Occupational health and safety 
Hydro shall be a leading company in its industry in occupational health and 
safety. This will be achieved through consistent implementation of the 
management system with committed and visible leadership, and full 
engagement of all employees and others who work with the company. The 
CEO HSE Committee is the strategic decision making committee for all main 
HSE related matters for the Hydro group. The committee is led by the 
President & CEO, and consists of the members of the Executive Leadership 
Team (ELT) and the head of group HSE. 
Hydro’s health and safety activities are governed by the company’s HSE 
policy and the global HSE Directive, which are applicable for all own 
employees and contractors. Health and safety standards are aligned with ISO 
standards. Health and safety is identified as a salient human rights risk area 
with potential adverse impacts on employees and contractors across Hydro’s 
operations. Hydro’s ambition is to provide safe and healthy workplaces, 
promote health and wellbeing, and prevent work related injuries and illness. 
Hydro drives safety improvements by systematically reducing risks, training 
personnel, and regularly following up by line management and safety 
delegates. All injuries and high risk incidents are investigated to find root 
causes, and to share lessons learned between Hydro sites. Employees are 
engaged on health and safety issues through frequent network meetings 
across the business areas. 
Hydro works continuously to avoid damage to property and loss of production. 
Hydro has developed a comprehensive health and safety management 
system, and the company’s manufacturing sites are certified to internationally 
recognized health and safety standards. Hydro embraces digital tools where 
possible and has developed an advanced incident management system, self-
assessment tools, risk management processes, HSE development modules 
through HSE academy, and a digital HSE assistant using Artificial Intelligence, 
all easily accessible to employees. In addition, Hydro has strengthened its 
behavioral tools using human performance techniques and the consistent use 
of peer to peer job observations. Hydro has developed employee assistance 
programs at site level to support affected workers. This includes as a minimum 
psychological support for those needed, but also includes other types of 
support depending on the area they operate in, such as financial advice. 
Hydro’s HSE incident management systems ensures standardized HSE 
incident reporting, classification and management. The total recordable 
injuries rate in 2025 was 1.75 per million hours worked, compared to 2.0 in 
2024. The majority of injuries were relatively minor. 
The deployment of fatality prevention procedures, and associated life saving 
rules and behaviors continued in 2025. This contributed to a continued 
reduction in the number and rates of high risk incidents with the potential to be 
life changing or fatal. Key initiatives include a self-assessment process for 
critical programs, electrical committees reviewing high risk incidents and 
required controls to be put in place, digitalizing systems and tools with 
integrated artificial intelligence functionality increasing the quality of the root 
cause investigations and risk assessments, monthly deep dive incident data 
analyzes to support continuous improvement through root cause and use 
identification, HSE development through online and in person training 
modules, and defining actions to prevent incidents from recurring. Quarterly 
health, safety, security, and environment network meetings are used to 
connect specialists from all business areas to discuss findings and actions 
taken from high risk incidents, and to share best practice and innovative 
solutions. Hydro also increased its emphasis on installing engineering controls 
to prevent high risk incidents from occurring. 
Own workforce Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 112

[page 113]
Hydro’s approach to continual improvement of physical and chemical 
occupational health is based on Work Environment Risk Assessments 
(WERA), and implementation of risk reduction measures followed up through 
an associated key performance indicator. WERA provides a systematic 
approach for evaluating the exposure of similar exposure groups, identifying 
the most exposed work operations ,and measures can be implemented before 
ill health occurs, which applies to both own employees and contractors. The 
group online HSE tool, IMS, provides a WERA module to facilitate the work 
process and ensure transparency. 
The focus on mental health and well being has continued with numerous 
initiatives during the year to raise awareness, including mental health 
webinars and quarterly wellbeing topics identified through the health 
committee involving all business areas. In 2025, the topics addressed 
included stress management, heat stress management, noise management, 
hygiene and psychological safety. In addition, more workshops were run in 
different countries together with Human Resources and HSE managers to 
increase the competence related to stress and wellbeing. Toolkits such as 
psychological safety training for leaders and burnout prevention training have 
been developed. To ensure a systematic approach to the psychosocial work 
environment, Hydro has established a new psychosocial risk indicator (PRI) 
as part of its employee engagement survey, Hydro Monitor. A process for 
follow up of the PRI has been developed, including guidelines and tools.
Hydro’s people strategy
Hydro’s people strategy is the infrastructure that enables Hydro to reach its 
2030 business strategy. The strategy is based on four pillars:
• We Grow: From hiring to career advancement, Hydro is building an 
environment where every employee can see their path, grow their skills and 
contribute to Hydro’s 2030 ambitions. This is done by improving Hydro’s job 
architecture, reducing complexity, identifying critical skills and capabilities, 
and improving Hydro’s job portal for current and future Hydro employees.
• We Lead: By shaping the Hydro Leadership Journey, Hydro aims to offer 
global development programs based on its Leading the Hydro Way 
framework and activating a data driven succession planning to target 
development where it matters most, while securing internal competence. 
• We Innovate: By fostering innovation in its people processes and 
ecosystems, Hydro aims to transform ways of working to meet business 
needs. This is done by reducing manual tasks for hiring and development, 
building competence on people analytics and the use of AI solutions in the 
People domain to accelerate innovation and streamline processes.
• We Belong: Belonging is a strategic lever for engagement and 
performance. By embedding Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging (DIB) in 
business, Hydro drives cultural transformation across several departments 
based on 2030 ambitions and initiated a strategic transformation journey to 
elevate employee listening, converting feedback on actionable insights.
Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging (DIB) 
Hydro aims to create a sense of belonging and business value by embracing 
differences and unlocking individual potential.
Hydro’s 2030 approach to DIB is based on the following ambitions:
• Closing the inclusion gap: reducing any inclusion gaps between different 
employee groups, monitored through the inclusion index from Hydro’s bi-
annual employee listening survey.
• Strengthening inclusive leadership: embedding inclusive leadership in 
Hydro’s leadership programs and monitoring perceived leadership quality 
through the leadership index from Hydro’s employee listening survey.
• Providing inclusive workplaces: ensuring all Hydro sites offer safe, 
accessible and inclusive spaces for all employees. In 2025, Hydro started 
mapping which locations have the highest inclusion standards, such as 
personal protective equipment adapted for female operators, period 
solutions offered to all women employees, and lactation and breastfeeding 
rooms available on the site to set a benchmark for other locations to follow. 
Hydro strengthened its focus on DIB awareness and trainings in the 
organization globally, supported by the celebration of five “DIB Celebration 
Days:” International Women’s Day, Inclusion of Cultural, Ethnic and Racial 
Diversity, Pride Month, World Mental Health Day, and the International Day 
of People with Disabilities.
• Empowering under represented groups: Hydro’s DIB strategy depends on 
local voices in the organization to make sure all employees can thrive in an 
inclusive environment. More and more employee resource groups have 
been created in Hydro over the years, such as a global Women in 
Operations Network, local and regional women’s networks, and a Hydro 
Rainbow LGBTQI+ network in Hydro headquarters.
Discrimination and harassment are identified as salient human rights risks with 
potential adverse impact on employees across Hydro’s operations. Vulnerable 
individuals and groups are particularly exposed, including, but not limited to, in 
this context women, LGBTQ+ and ethnic underrepresented groups. Any 
incidents related to discrimination or harassment are handled confidentially via 
line management, HR or Hydro’s internal grievance mechanism, AlertLine. 
See note G1.1
 in the Business Conduct chapter for information about 
confirmed cases of discrimination and harassment in 2025. Two of the 
reported discrimination and harassment cases are currently being assessed 
further, as part of the human rights due diligence process. 
To assess the risk and identify cases of discrimination and harassment, Hydro 
uses an internal grievance mechanism, AlertLine
. Group Internal Audit and 
Investigation (GIA&I) is responsible for overseeing all alerts that are reported 
through Hydro’s AlertLine. The team assesses the relevance and severity of 
the Alerts, and is responsible for investigating the ones classified as severe. 
GIA&I consults a Review Committee comprised of representatives from Legal, 
HR, and Compliance, and supports line management and staff functions in 
their investigations or other follow up activities. 
See note G1.1 
for metrics related to cases associated with discrimination and 
harassment received through AlertLine. 
Own workforce Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 113

[page 114]
Strategic workforce adjustment
To strengthen its long-term resilience, Hydro decided to initiate a process in 
2025 aiming to cut annual costs by NOK 1 billion, including reducing 750 
positions globally. The workforce adjustment affected white collar roles, such 
as staff and support functions, engineering, commercial, supply chain, and IT 
across group functions, business areas, and Global Business Services. Blue 
collar positions, like production, maintenance and press operators within the 
business areas, were not affected by this process.
Hydro committed to conducting this transition with transparency and care, 
ensuring close collaboration with employee representatives throughout the 
process. The initial plan was to reduce by 600 FTE’s in 2025 and the 
remaining 150 through efficiency measures in 2026. The planned workforce 
reduction was carried out in totality in 2025, and the process closed by year 
end.
Reward 
In 2024, Hydro embarked on the implementation of a global reward strategy. 
Hydro works to ensure equitable compensation for work of equal value, 
regardless of gender. Hydro’s reward strategy includes four principles: market 
competitive, performance oriented, transparent, and holistic, with a balanced 
mix of monetary and non-monetary compensation elements having the 
potential for differentiation, immediate and over time. 
Hydro analyzed global pay statistics in 2025 to assess equal gender pay by 
accounting for factors such as job type, job level and complexity, experience, 
education, tenure, performance and work location, in addition to gender. The 
analysis shows an adjusted pay gap of 5.2 percent due to gender and other 
potentially unidentified factors. Hydro will address this pay gap and work to 
ensure equitable compensation for work of equal value.
The ratio of the highest base salary to the median base salary for all 
permanent employees was 17.5. For more information, see the Remuneration 
report. See also note S1.6 for detailed pay gap analysis specific to Norwegian 
employees, based on the Norwegian Equality and Anti-discrimination Act.
All Hydro employees are covered by the social security systems in their 
respective countries. At a minimum, all employees receive (in combination 
with statutory benefits and social security) business travel insurance, benefits 
covering work related events (accidents and illnesses), and retirement benefit. 
Hydro has a global minimum standard of 16 weeks fully paid parental leave for 
primary caregiver and four weeks fully paid leave for the secondary caregiver. 
Living wage 
Hydro has an ambition to improve the lives and livelihoods wherever it 
operates, and to ensure the company has a transparent compensation with 
due regard to the basic needs of the worker. 
In 2024, Hydro conducted a comprehensive wage analysis which identified 
396 employees earning below the living wage threshold. Throughout 2025, 
Hydro implemented targeted measures to close these gaps and ensure fair 
compensation for all affected individuals.
As part of our ongoing commitment, a new benchmark assessment was 
carried out in 2025 against living wage standards in the markets where Hydro 
operates. The results show significant progress: of 31,167 employees 
assessed, 68 individuals (an 82 percent reduction since 2024), were found to 
earn below what is considered a “decent living,” covering basic needs. Of 
these 68 cases, 59 will be resolved through upcoming tariff renegotiations, 
while the remaining 7 will be addressed in the next compensation cycle.
Hydro remains committed to fostering a fair and supportive work environment 
by setting and maintaining wages that reflect both industry standards and local 
cost of living. Hydro has used market data from FairWage Network to 
continuously assess the threshold for living wage in the areas it operates. This 
allows to constantly assess and improve compensation practices, ensuring 
sustainable and equitable pay for all employees. Hydro will continue to 
monitor and close any remaining gaps to uphold its commitment to fair wages.
Collaborating with unions and employee representatives 
Hydro actively engages with its workers on labor rights through a variety of 
channels, including meetings with labor unions, work councils, and joint 
management worker committees. Hydro has maintained a Global Framework 
Agreement since 2011, and its European Works Council agreement was 
revised in 2022. Discussions with employee representatives cover topics such 
as Hydro’s people strategy, policies and procedures. Key areas of focus 
include health and safety, standards for decent work, human rights, labor 
rights, and compliance with applicable regulations in each country of 
operation. This collaborative approach ensures employee voices are heard 
and integrated into decision making processes that impact their working 
conditions and rights. 
Hydro’s major sites in Europe and Brazil are unionized. Extrusions has a 
major presence in North America, and 44 percent of Hydro’s employees in 
North America are covered by collective bargaining agreements. Overall, 67 
percent of Hydro’s global workforce are covered by collective agreements. 
Collective bargaining takes place at a frequency agreed with the local unions. 
See note S1.5
 in the appendix for more details. 
Hydro supports employees’ right to organize. In light of the threats to freedom 
of association in a number of countries worldwide, including some of the 
countries where Hydro operates, Hydro has identified freedom of association 
and collective bargaining as a salient human rights risk area related to its 
workforce. In regions where union representation is not permitted, Hydro strives 
to establish alternative worker management relations to ensure fair treatment. 
In Norway, non-organized workers typically benefit from the same 
compensation adjustments negotiated at the industry level. In addition, 
workers on individual agreements may receive adjustments based on 
company and individual performance, and external benchmarking. No strikes 
exceeding one week and no lock outs took place in 2025.  
Own workforce Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 114

[page 115]
Labor rights
Through the Global Framework Agreement, Hydro is committed to upholding 
equality of opportunity and treatment in line with International Labour 
Organization (ILO) Conventions 100 and 111, respectively. These conventions 
specifically address equal remuneration for men and women performing work 
of equal value, and the elimination of discrimination in employment and 
occupation. Hydro’s Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging strategy underscores 
this commitment and has been communicated through the business area 
communication bodies, ensuring open dialogue between management and 
union representatives. This approach ensures equality principles are 
integrated into daily operations and decision making processes at all levels of 
the company. 
In 2024 and 2025, Hydro conducted a human rights assessment of its 
operations and of selected suppliers in Hungary. The assessments were 
conducted by third party experts. In relation to own employees, some risks 
were identified in relation to HSE, discrimination and harassment, and access 
to grievance mechanisms. The risks are being monitored and managed.
In 2025, Hydro conducted its second Human Rights Impact Assessment 
(HRIA), covering the operations of Albras, Alunorte and Mineração 
Paragominas, including the transmission line and the pipeline connecting 
Mineração Paragominas and Alunorte. The Pará region faces high rates of 
degrading conditions and low access to benefits, which tend to 
disproportionately affect contract workers. Some contract workers 
reported concerns related to their working conditions and perceived differential 
treatment between them and direct employees in their work environment. The 
assessment identified the psychological well being of employees and 
contractors as an area requiring further attention. This is being followed up 
with further actions to promote a healthy, safe and inclusive work environment. 
For more information about the Human Rights Impact Assessment, please see 
the Affected communities
 chapter.
Just Transition 
The green transition will create new employment opportunities as well as 
changes to existing ones. Innovations in Hydro’s production methods and 
advancement of technologies risk the automation of jobs. Additionally, Hydro’s 
focus on decarbonization must not exacerbate social inequalities or 
discrimination. Hydro has developed a framework for supporting a just 
transition, through which the company seeks to contribute to positive 
development in the societies where it operates, including for its own 
workforce. The framework is focused around three key outcomes: People 
have human rights protected and have access to equal opportunities; Local 
communities are resilient in a changing world; and People have the necessary 
skills and jobs for the future low-carbon economy. 
Hydro contributes towards these outcomes in its own workforce by respecting 
and promoting human rights, supporting positive local development in the 
local communities where its employees live and work, and through developing 
skills and jobs relevant to the future low-carbon economy. In 2025, Hydro 
continued to develop and deliver learning and skills development for all its 
employees. Hydro also works to increase inclusiveness among Hydro 
employees and tracks the perception of inclusiveness in the Hydro Inclusion 
Index, which is part of the biannual Hydro Monitor survey. See note S1.2
 for 
Hydro employee engagement metrics. 
Own workforce Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 115

[page 116]
Security and emergency preparedness 
Hydro is committed to the protection of people, environment, physical assets, 
data and information. Hydro anticipates and prepares for potentially adverse 
incidents with crisis potential to maintain business and operational continuity. 
To prepare for and respond to intentional, unintentional and/or naturally 
occurring disasters, and to protect people and critical assets, Hydro adapts 
and initiates security measures depending on the evolving risk picture. Hydro’s 
emergency preparedness plans enable effective response to high risk 
incidents and crises, ensuring an effective, cohesive, integrated, and timely 
response to any business disruption, regardless of origin, scale, or complexity. 
Hydro has emergency preparedness plans in place that are regularly 
exercised against known and identified hazards. 
Security in Hydro includes a proactive security risk management process 
based on analysis to enable appropriate mitigating actions, and accurate and 
timely decision making. Security guards are employed on a regular basis to 
protect Hydro’s personnel and assets. No armed personnel are used in 
Hydro’s security operations. 
Firearm related incidents and robberies continued to occur in 2025 in relation 
to Hydro’s operations in Paragominas, Alunorte and Mexico. No Hydro 
personnel were injured in these events and resulting security mitigation 
measures were employed to further protect personnel and prevent against 
other incidents. 
Global conflicts, especially the war in Ukraine, continue to put pressure on 
international relationships increasing political tensions and elevating the 
potential risk of sabotage. The Israeli-Hamas conflict (ceasefire 
notwithstanding) has added to international uncertainty surrounding terror 
related events and possible conflict escalation in the Middle East. 
Group Security closely monitors the security risks in Brazil and maintains 
close contact with both Hydro plants in Mexico to ensure security mitigation 
measures are aligned with the developments and threat. Regular security 
updates are disseminated to all Hydro business areas with information and 
advice provided on any associated travel, security or emergency mitigation 
measures which may be required due to the war in Ukraine and the continuing 
conflict in the Middle East. Hydro continues to ensure its security operations 
conform to the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights, ensuring 
an ethical approach to the delivery of security services. 
Hydro is responsible for infrastructure and functions on local and regional 
levels that can be critical to society, and the company operates large scale 
production sites where a crisis could influence community interests and safety 
in general. Hence, Hydro is subject to control and follow up by relevant 
national authorities. Hydro has emergency plans in place by site, business 
area and at group level, and the company exercises and validates these plans 
regularly. 
Eighteen emergency and crisis management workshops, with risk mapping at 
their core, were held in 2025, planned and exercised by Group HSE. Based 
on evolving complex scenarios these workshops were conducted at 
department, plant, business unit, business area and Corporate Emergency 
Team (CET) levels. They help to link the process of security and emergency 
response, crisis management, and business continuity and recovery from the 
plant through to business area level and above. In addition, all sites are 
required to exercise emergency preparedness and response training as a 
minimum on an annual basis or more frequently based on identified hazards 
and risks or as stipulated by local laws and regulations.
Own workforce Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 116

[page 117]
Workers in the value chain
Why it matters
With a network of more than 30,000 suppliers across over 40 countries and 30,000 customers worldwide, Hydro has a 
broad impact throughout its value chain. Ensuring a responsible value chain is a core element of Hydro’s Just Transition 
framework, which defines the company’s ambition to foster a future that is both environmentally sustainable and socially 
equitable. 
Hydro can have a positive influence on workers by creating job opportunities and promoting responsible labor practices 
across its value chain. Through rigorous supplier standards on human and labor rights, and by actively engaging, 
influencing, and collaborating with suppliers to strengthen their human rights commitments and management systems, 
Hydro contributes to expanding access to decent work and ensuring workers’ rights are respected. 
At the same time, Hydro’s procurement activities involve the acquisition of raw materials, goods, and services from 
industries and regions that may present inherent risks to workers’ rights. Within a complex and global supply chain, 
potential adverse impacts on workers can be significant. These risks include violations of labor rights, challenges in 
ensuring decent working conditions, limited access to safe and healthy workplaces, and the possibility of accidents or 
other incidents leading to injuries, illness, or fatalities. Failing to meet expectations for safeguarding workers’ rights and 
safety in the value chain may result in reputational harm, loss of trust, or operational disruptions.
Performance indicator Performance and development
2025 2024 2023
Share of total suppliers screened in the reporting year  18 %  22 %  25 %
Share of total suppliers classified as medium or high inherent 
sustainability risk
 11 %  8 %  2 %
Share of medium and high-risk suppliers with identified residual human 
rights risks, that has a corrective action plan in place
 93 %
The share of suppliers classified as medium or high-risk in 2024 has been adjusted compared to numbers reported in 
2024 after a reclassification of certain suppliers’ inherent risk rating. See the ESG factbook in the appendix for additional 
metrics related to suppliers. 
Salient Human rights risk for workers in the value chain
Forced labor, modern slavery 
and child labor abuse
Discrimination and 
harassment
Vulnerable individuals 
and groups
Freedom of association 
and collective bargaining
Access to information and 
participation in dialogue
Decent working 
conditions
Health 
and safety
Workers in the value chain Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 117

[page 118]
Our approach 
The risk of negative impacts on workers in the value chain is governed 
through Hydro’s Sustainability in the supply chain policy and supply chain 
management system which includes detailed selection criteria and key 
elements of human rights due diligence process. This process is described in 
more detail in the document Human Rights Due Diligence in Hydro
, available 
on Hydro’s website under Human Rights and Just Transition. Through this 
process Hydro considers workers across its entire value chain and identifies 
the most salient human rights risks that may affect them. While these 
identified risks form the foundation of Hydro’s due diligence approach, they 
are not exhaustive and are adapted to reflect local context and emerging 
challenges. 
In 2025, Hydro continued to develop its due diligence system to reflect both 
evolving regulatory requirements and improvement suggestions identified 
through previous external assessments. Key documents and procedures are 
being updated to ensure alignment with the Corporate Sustainability Due 
Diligence Directive (CSDDD) and to strengthen Hydro’s consistent approach 
across business areas. Several business areas have also enhanced their 
internal capacity and systems to better integrate sustainability and human 
rights considerations in supply chain management.
Through regular assessment, follow up and collaboration with selected high 
risk suppliers, Hydro seeks to drive continuous development. Hydro set a 
group wide target in 2024 to track the share of suppliers with corrective action 
plans in place for human rights residual risks identified through the due 
diligence process. In 2025, Hydro conducted 189 audits and reviews covering 
topics such as human rights, working conditions, and HSE. Key findings from 
the audits relate to lack of management systems, environmental awareness, 
compliance controls and emergency preparedness. Approximately 41 percent 
of the audits led to corrective action plans, and by the end of 2025, nearly all 
corrective actions proposed by Hydro had led to improved performance. 
Hydro has had an ambition to achieve transparency and traceability of key 
sustainability data for its products by end of 2025. Hydro’s integrated value 
chain and its work to map and monitor external supply chains for the most 
material inputs in the manufacture of aluminium has delivered on the key 
ambitions for transparency and traceability.
To strengthen the reach and consistency of this approach across the wider 
aluminium value chain, Hydro also works through industry standards and 
partnerships. Most of Hydro’s sites are Aluminium Stewardship Initiative (ASI) 
certified, and Hydro promotes ASI’s certification program among its aluminium 
suppliers to advance sustainable practices and responsible sourcing. In 
addition, Hydro further collaborates with external stakeholders, including 
unions and industry associations, to promote and implement supplier 
development programs aimed at raising standards and reinforcing respect for 
human and labor rights across the value chain.
Stakeholder engagement
Contractors working on Hydro's sites are engaged directly on health and 
safety standards the same way as Hydro's own workforce. Other potentially 
affected workers in the value chain are engaged indirectly though Hydro's 
requirements and expectations for workers' rights as set out in Hydro's 
Supplier Code of Conduct.
Responsible Sourcing and due diligence process 
Hydro’s approach to responsible sourcing is based on the UN Guiding 
Principles on Business and Human Rights, and the OECD Guidelines for 
Multinational Enterprises on Responsible Business Conduct. It can be 
summarized in three steps: 
1. Mapping of risks and due diligence activities 
Suppliers are not selected on specific social and environmental criteria, but all 
suppliers are subject to a qualification process that includes screening for 
risks related to human rights and workers’ rights. To create a consistent 
approach to supply chain management, suppliers categorized as medium or 
high inherent risk are subject to further screening, using qualified third party 
ratings or standard self-assessment forms, combined with desktop research. If 
further due diligence is required, Hydro conducts a review or audit of the 
supplier to assess compliance with Hydro’s requirements before agreements 
are signed. For high risk suppliers, follow-up assessments shall be conducted 
regularly during the contract period. If any non-compliance with Hydro’s 
requirements are identified, a corrective action plan is established to close 
identified gaps. This process is described in the company wide policy, 
Sustainability in the supply chain.
2. Clear expectations 
Hydro’s Supplier Code of Conduct
 sets out the minimum sustainability 
requirements for all suppliers. The Code is based on internationally 
recognized standards such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and 
the International Labor Organization (ILO) Core Conventions. 
The principles in the Code of Conduct are made binding through contractual 
clauses and the standard purchasing terms, and require suppliers to conduct 
due diligence in their own supply chain. These expectations are reflected in 
supplier self-assessments, contract clauses, and follow up audits and visits. 
3. Support and development 
Hydro builds supplier relationships on mutual trust and development, working 
to strengthen sustainability performance through dialogue, knowledge sharing, 
innovation, and supplier development programs. 
While failure to comply with the Supplier Code of Conduct may ultimately 
result in contract termination, Hydro seeks to work with suppliers towards 
continuous improvement whenever this is in the best interest of the people in 
the supply chain. 
As part of strengthening its procurement processes, Hydro has also 
incorporated living wage requirements. According to the Supplier Code of 
Conduct, wages and benefits for a standard working week must at least meet 
national legal or industry standards, whichever is higher. Wages should be 
sufficient to cover basic needs and provide some discretionary income. 
Hydro engages and collaborates with stakeholders, both internally and 
externally, to inform and evaluate the effectiveness of its approach to 
responsible sourcing. See the Human rights due diligence process
 and the 
section on Partnerships for more information.
Workers in the value chain Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 118

[page 119]
Due diligence of customers 
Hydro applies human rights due diligence not only to its suppliers, but also to 
its customers and other business partners. The company closely monitors 
international regulations on sanctions and trade restrictions related to 
countries, companies and individuals, and regularly screens all relevant 
counterparties for compliance risks. 
In addition to sanctions screening, Hydro conducts sustainability due diligence 
before entering into new sales contracts with partners operating in countries or 
sectors associated with elevated human rights risks. This process evaluates 
potential adverse impacts related to the customer’s operations, product use, 
and country context, ensuring Hydro’s products are not linked to human rights 
abuses or unethical practices.
During 2025, several new business opportunities were assessed through this 
process to identify any potential adverse human rights impacts linked to 
project scope and country of operation. Hydro continues to engage in external 
industry and multi-stakeholder networks to strengthen its understanding of 
good practices and further develop efficient methods for implementing human 
rights due diligence downstream in the value chain. 
Supplier and business partner screening 
As part of the integrity risk management process, more than 7,800 potential or 
existing counterparties were screened for human rights violations, corruption, 
money laundering, politically exposed persons, and violations relating to trade 
sanctions using the Moody’s Grid integrity risk tool during 2025. New business 
partners related to most operations are screened before being registered in the 
ERP system. Hydro’s operations in North America also use the risk tool MK 
Denial to screen suppliers against 16 official sanction lists multiple times a year. 
In 2025, approximately 15,900 customers and vendors were screened in MK 
Denial. 
All suppliers, customers and other business partners registered in Hydro’s 
main accounting systems are screened on a weekly basis against recognized 
international sanction lists. Hydro has developed a spend cube to visualize 
external spend, measure procurement initiatives, and manage supply chain 
risk. See note S2.1
 for metrics related to supplier screening and due diligence 
activities.
Human rights country risk assessment
Hydro uses country specific human rights risk scores provided by EcoVadis to 
evaluate inherent sustainability risks in its supply chain. These scores categorize 
countries into risk levels from one to three and the classification supports 
Hydro’s due diligence efforts by highlighting regions with elevated human rights 
vulnerabilities.
 
Hydro’s supply chain 
Most of Hydro’s suppliers are located in the same countries as Hydro’s 
production facilities. This includes bauxite and the majority of the alumina, 
which are produced in Hydro’s mine and refinery in Brazil. Beyond Hydro’s 
direct suppliers, Hydro’s value chain cuts across a number of countries, with 
the characteristics of the global aluminium value chain informing the 
company’s approach and impact assessments. Mines, refineries and smelters 
are located only in fixed geographically areas, making selection opportunities 
limited, which again influence the risk situation. 
Workers in the value chain Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 119
Residual risk Low risk
PASS
Inherent risk
DUE 
DILIGENCE 
PROCESS
Low risk
Potential risk
PASS
Supplier due diligence process
*Corrective action plan
Medium risk High risk
PASS (with CAP*)
Potential risk
FAIL
On-site
audit
Internal or 
third-party 
screening
Internal or 
third-party 
screening
Medium risk High risk

[page 120]
Inputs with heightened sustainability risks
The figure presents the main inputs to Hydro’s operations that are associated with heightened inherent sustainability risk. The countries listed indicates the majority of spend per input category. Supplier location data is based on enhanced 
traceability measures, although some cases can be limited to only show head office or trading details, the visibility has improved significantly, giving a more comprehensive view of Hydro’s supply chain.
BAUXITE ALUMINA PRIMARY ALUMINIUM CASTING AND RECYCLING EXTRUSIONS
• Diesel (Brazil) 
• Flocculants and other chemicals 
(Brazil, China, USA)
• Bauxite (Brazil) 
• Caustic soda (USA) 
• Coal (Colombia) 
• Natural gas (Brazil) 
• Oil and diesel (Brazil) 
• Sulphuric Acid (Brazil)
• Alumina (Brazil)
• Anodes (Europe, Norway, China)
• Coke (Europe, Norway, USA)
• Pitch (Europe)
• Alloying materials (China) 
• Liquid aluminium (local) 
• Natural gas (local) 
• Post-consumer scrap (traders, local) 
• Primary aluminium (Europe, Americas)
• Extrusion ingot (Americas, Asia, Europe, Middle East) 
• Post-consumer scrap (traders, local)
Labor, transport/logistics, catering, maintenance & security (mainly local) / Project related services, equipment, and materials (local and worldwide)
Salient human rights risks affecting workers in the value 
chain 
In the aluminium value chain, several stages present heightened human rights 
risks, particularly in the sourcing of raw materials and metals. While all the 
identified salient risks may be relevant across the value chain, each process 
step, from bauxite mining to smelting and the use of traders as intermediaries, 
carries specific concerns. To mitigate these risks, Hydro places significant 
emphasis on ensuring aluminium suppliers achieve Aluminium Stewardship 
Initiative (ASI) certification, as this provides a comprehensive framework for 
responsible production, sourcing, and governance for the bauxite, alumina, 
and aluminium flow. For the other supply chains, Hydro focuses on 
engagement with tier one suppliers and progressively aim to deepen its 
understanding and oversight further upstream where it sees additional risks. 
Initial screenings guide the adaptation of Hydro’s due diligence checklists, 
which are further strengthened by third party assessments, such as those 
provided by EcoVadis. This risk based approach supports targeted 
interventions at critical points in the value chain, addressing specific concerns 
at each stage. 
1. Sourcing of bauxite 
Direct sourcing to the Alunorte refinery in Barcarena, Brazil, comes from two 
mines: Hydro’s own mine Paragominas (70 percent) and the MRN mine in 
Trombetas (30 percent). Both mines are ASI certified. These bauxite sources 
provide close to 100 percent of the alumina supply going to Hydro’s 
Norwegian smelters and 100 percent to the Albras smelter. 
Hydro also has an indirect link to bauxite sources through metal procured to 
its smelters, casthouses and extruders. In total for both direct and indirect 
sourcing in 2025, close to 85 percent of the bauxite can be traced back to 
mines in Brazil and Australia, where Hydro has a good overview of the risks. 
The third largest indirect bauxite source, at approximately 6 percent, comes 
from two mines in Guinea. Given the challenging situation in Guinea, Hydro 
monitors the situation continuously. The remaining sources of the indirectly 
sourced bauxite are spread on small volumes from different mines across the 
world.
Risks that receive special considerations include land conflicts, labor rights 
issues such as decent working conditions and health and safety, as well as 
environmental impacts, which can infringe on human rights. 
2. Alumina refining 
In addition to the bauxite from Paragominas and MRN, the refining process at 
Alunorte requires electric energy, coal, caustic soda, fuel oil and lime. Coal is 
sourced from suppliers with mines located in Colombia. As the combination of 
product category and country is consider a high risk, the suppliers are 
continuously monitored, through desktop screening and engagement with the 
suppliers, depending on the findings identified, at regular intervals. Suppliers 
Workers in the value chain Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 120

[page 121]
in high-risk categories are also subjected to on-site assessments. Caustic 
soda is sourced from the U.S., while the energy, fuel oil and lime comes from 
Brazil. They are subjected to continuous standard due diligence processes 
that have not identified any material issues in 2025. 
For Alumina refining, Hydro observes similar heightened risks to those 
identified in bauxite mining, particular related to decent working conditions and 
environmental impacts.
3. Smelting 
For Hydro’s smelters, the key risk commodities outside of alumina have been 
identified as alloys, anodes and external aluminium used to accelerate the 
casting process. These risks include forced or exploitative labor in alloy and 
anode production, particularly in China, and the difficulty in tracing materials 
traded through intermediaries. 
Close to 100 percent of the alumina used by Hydro’s smelters in Norway 
comes from the company’s Alunorte refinery. If additional alumina is needed 
for balancing, the sources are either ASI certified or subject to Hydro audits. 
The aluminium Hydro produces typically contains between one and 11 percent 
alloys. Most of the alloys are sourced from China, either through traders or 
directly from refineries, with long-term and strategic contracts lasting for many 
years being the norm. Hydro conducts audits of the refineries for a range of 
topics including sustainability issues. When Hydro has negative findings or 
observations, the company establishes improvement plans with the suppliers. 
Hydro also sources around 40 percent of the anodes for its Norwegian 
smelters directly from producers in China on annual or multi-annual contracts. 
The rest is produced by Hydro either in Norway or Slovakia, and the suppliers 
are subjected to the same processes as for alloys sourcing. 
The metal Hydro sources to its smelters are traded through the London Metal 
Exchange, which requires the brands to verify compliance with OECD due 
diligence requirements, reducing the need for Hydro to run independent 
assessment. 
4. Casting and extrusions 
Since Hydro’s casting capacity exceeds its own smelting production, cold 
metal is also acquired from external sources and traders. 
Sourcing metal from traders introduces extra challenges related to human 
rights due diligence due to more complex traceability of the materials. Without 
full transparency into the origin of the metal, there is a heightened risk of being 
linked to suppliers who may engage in unethical labor practices. Hydro maps 
the flow of metals beyond external smelters, to better understand where the 
alumina and bauxite originates. As described above under sourcing of bauxite, 
the vast majority of the bauxite comes from a handful of countries and from 
mines that are either ASI certified, or that Hydro has supplier specific data on. 
Hydro will continue to develop a better understanding of this flow and the 
mines that are linked to the company, also for smaller volumes, and then 
assess whether further due diligence may be needed. 
5. Recycling 
As production of recycled aluminium increases, so does Hydro’s demand for 
scrap. The nature of scrap sourcing is local, and the vast majority of scrap 
suppliers will be in the immediate vicinity of Hydro’s recyclers. Most of the 
externally sourced scrap was supplied by vendors in the same country as 
Hydro’s recyclers, with around 90 percent of the scrap suppliers residing in 
Europe, Canada or the U.S. In addition, Hydro sources some volumes of 
process scrap from the Middle East. Hydro has a bespoke due diligence 
process for smaller and local scrap suppliers based on the in depth knowledge 
from the scrap sourcing teams. For the larger suppliers, including the ones in 
the Middle East, Hydro categorizes scrap suppliers as high sustainability risk 
and assesses them accordingly. 
Recycling introduces risks such as informal labor arrangements among 
smaller local suppliers, which may lead to exploitative practices like poor 
working conditions. There are also challenges in ensuring full supply chain 
transparency, particularly with process scrap from the Middle East. 
Additionally, improper handling of scrap materials can create occupational 
health hazards. 
6. Construction, maintenance and logistics 
Logistics services and transportation carry risks related to excessive working 
hours, unsafe conditions, and the exploitation of migrant workers. 
Construction and maintenance on Hydro’s sites may present risks related to 
hazardous work environments and the potential for unfair labor practices, 
including wage theft and elements of forced labor. Maintenance services, 
which are essential for safe operations, also pose occupational risks if safety 
measures are not strictly followed. To address these risks, Hydro requires its 
standards are implemented and conduct audits to verify compliance. 
7. Renewable energy production value chain 
Hydro’s energy production sourcing share risks with those found throughout 
the raw materials supply chains for aluminium. This includes an indirect risk 
associated with mining and refining processes in the lower tiers for products 
and equipment needed for power generation. Components such as generators 
and turbines require a range of input materials, such as copper, steel and 
nickel, that have concentrated supply chains associated with upstream social 
and environmental risks. In 2025, Hydro continued to strengthen its approach 
to responsible renewable energy sourcing by improving risk identification in 
key procurement areas, including electromechanical equipment and projects. 
The company assessed and segmented supplier categories based on risk 
exposure and further developed guidance to support consistent due diligence 
across business areas. 
In 2025, Hydro continued the execution of the phase out of its investments in 
the battery value chains, divesting from Vianode, Lithium de France, and 
Corvus Energy. This shift reduces direct exposure to battery production and 
associated supply chain risks, while reinforcing Hydro’s strategic focus on 
aluminium, recycling, and the renewable energy transition. Hydro continues to 
support battery recycling and increased its ownership in Hydrovolt in early 
2025, recycling EV and industrial batteries. Hydrovolt publishes its own 
Transparency act 
statement in accordance with the Norwegian Transparency 
Act, where further information can be found. 
Workers in the value chain Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 121

[page 122]
Findings and impacts 
Hydro’s risk based approach directs in depth due diligence efforts towards 
critical upstream suppliers within the aluminium value chain, especially in 
countries with weaker environmental regulations and identified risk of forced 
labor like conditions. These assessments are supplemented with reviews of 
suppliers where both sector and country risk may be lower, but still well 
known, for example within logistic services and for larger maintenance and 
construction projects on Hydro’s sites. 
Through Hydro’s supplier assessments in 2025, a total of 66 cases of non-
conformities or adverse impacts were identified, related to environmental or 
human rights. The majority of these findings were of minor nature and 
assessed as readily remediable. For human rights, 18 cases were categorized 
more serious, predominantly related to working conditions and labor practices, 
such as excessive working hours and occupational health and safety.
Hydro takes these issues very seriously and has, in accordance with standard 
procedures, established corrective action plans in dialogue with the supplier to 
address the issues and help close the gaps. Of the material issues identified 
in 2025, all were closed or in the process of being so, by year end.
Hydro recognizes that access to accurate information can be a challenge, and 
where the company does not have specific findings, risk factors may still be 
confirmed with subsequent discussions both on the supplier site as well as in 
Hydro forums.
Hydro has long-term relations with many of its high-risk and critical suppliers. 
This allows Hydro to better assess the trends over time and provides useful 
context to understand the impact of various initiatives towards these suppliers. 
Since the economic situation in many of the major sourcing regions has 
improved significantly, there is a general trend towards both better working 
conditions at suppliers as well as increased emphasis on environmental risks. 
While this development is independent of Hydro’s efforts, the company 
welcomes the tangible improvements for many of the workers in its value chain. 
Disclosures related to specific countries 
Brazil 
In Brazil, potential risks for the Hydro Bauxite and Alumina supply chain 
include business integrity and human rights, particularly related to working 
conditions. To identify and address risks, existing and potential suppliers 
undergo a thorough supplier diagnosis process. 
Human rights risks are assessed by procurement category and country. The 
category assessment considers 54 categories, covering 95 percent material 
spend and 100 percent of services. The country risk assessment considers 
forced labor, freedom of association, child labor, rule of law, living standards, 
civil and political rights. In addition to human rights risk, suppliers undergo 
scrutiny against the national Labor Compliance List maintained by the Federal 
Labor Ministry. This list identifies companies in Brazil accused of subjecting 
workers to conditions analogous to slavery. To maintain a high standard, 
existing suppliers undergo continuous monitoring and may be subject to 
human rights audits when deemed necessary. 
Wind and solar projects in Brazil 
Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) services related to the 
Hydro Rein wind and solar projects carry risks related to inadequate and 
unfair working conditions, discrimination, and harassment. To address these 
risks, Hydro Rein works with its partners to ensure the implementation of IFC 
Performance Standards and to facilitate effective communication between the 
project and its workers. Development of renewable energy infrastructure also 
carries risks related to potential adverse impacts to local communities that is 
described in the Affected communities
 chapter. 
China 
Due to the limited state protection of human rights as well as restrictions on 
access to information, Hydro assesses the inherent risk of human rights 
impacts in China to be high. 
The serious government sanctioned human rights violations in and outside 
Xinjiang against Uyghurs and other Muslim minorities is a particularly severe 
risk that Hydro monitors closely. While Hydro does not source material and 
alloys from the Xinjiang region, the company still has a number of suppliers 
elsewhere in the country. 
Hydro’s 2023 externally led human rights assessment of its operations and 
value chain in China continues to inform Hydro’s approach towards its 
suppliers. The 2023 assessment did not identify any indications of forced labor 
at supplier sites. However, certain labor risk factors were identified and have 
informed Hydro’s ongoing risk based due diligence through 2025.
In 2025, Hydro identified a limited number of cases related to excessive 
working hours among its suppliers. These findings are consistent with Hydro’s 
prior risk assessments and support the relevance of the company’s risk 
understanding. Hydro continues to engage in dialogue with the relevant 
suppliers to address these matters, implement corrective actions and close 
identified findings in line with its established corrective action procedures.
Qatar 
At the primary aluminium producer Qatalum, a joint venture where Hydro 
holds 50 percent, close to 75 percent of the roughly 1,350 workers are 
employed directly by Qatalum. The remaining 25 percent are temporary 
workers that are supervised by a Qatalum employed manager. Qatalum 
strives to secure good working conditions for all employees, and works 
continuously to assess, safeguard, and improve the conditions of contracted 
workers. 
Qatalum became a member of the Aluminium Stewardship Initiative (ASI) in 
2021, and received its Performance and Chain of Custody standard 
certification in 2022. In 2024, Qatalum was recertified by DNV under the 
updated version of the performance standards, including strengthened human 
rights requirements. Qatalum’s most recent sustainability report for 2024, is 
available on Qatalum’s website
. 
As a joint venture partner in Qatalum, Hydro actively oversees and promotes 
the company’s CSR program. This includes conducting audits and inspections 
of employee and contractor’ housing facilities. In 2025, Hydro also continued 
its discussions with local stakeholders and organizations present in Qatar on 
the developments related to migrant workers’ conditions.
Workers in the value chain Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 122

[page 123]
Affected communities
Why it matters
As a global aluminium and energy company with mining interests, Hydro’s operations impact communities in association 
with its own operations and operations in Hydro’s value chain. Hydro’s business activities impact a large number of people 
in local communities positively through job creation and local value creation. Hydro contributes to the societies to which it 
belongs by offering decent jobs, education and capacity building, and by paying taxes and fees. In some communities, 
Hydro also establishes and maintains infrastructure, and supports social programs and investments. 
Hydro’s business also has the potential to adversely impact local communities. The company’s approach to identifying and 
addressing such impacts is described in this chapter. 
Hydro can only succeed as a company if the communities around its operations also succeed. The company depends on 
local institutions and infrastructure, and trust and good relationships with local communities are of key importance to 
Hydro’s operations. Failure to deliver on local communities’ requirements and expectations towards Hydro’s environmental 
and social responsibilities can lead to loss of public trust and operational disruptions.
Performance indicator Targets and Ambitions
Performance and 
development
2025 2024 2023
Total people reached (cumulative) with education 
and skills development since 2018 (in 1,000)
Empower 500,000 people with 
education and skills development by 
2030
312 241 197
Community investments, charitable donations 
and sponsorships, including TerPaz (local 
community centers in Brazil)
514 
NOK 
million
300 
NOK 
million
123 
NOK 
million
See the ESG factbook in the appendix for additional metrics related to community investments and Hydro’s social 
responsibility target. 
Salient Human rights risk for affected communities
Health and safety Discrimination and harassment Access to information and 
participation in dialogue
Land rights and resettlement Vulnerable individuals and groups
Affected communities Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 123

[page 124]
Our approach 
Hydro has established a framework through which the company seeks to 
contribute to a transition that leaves no one behind, in line with the UN’s 2030 
Agenda (“Just Transition Framework”). The framework and Hydro’s approach 
to managing positive and adverse impacts on affected communities is 
organized around three pillars. The first pillar, “Respecting and promoting 
human rights,” is at the heart of the framework. While Hydro’s ambition of 
improving lives and livelihoods wherever it operates goes beyond respecting 
human rights, this is the foundation of all of Hydro’s social impact initiatives in 
local communities. Hydro’s human rights due diligence process
 is at the core 
of this pillar. Potential and actual adverse human rights impacts that affect 
communities near Hydro’s operations or along Hydro’s value chain are 
identified and managed through this process. 
The two other pillars, “Supporting local development” and “Investing in 
education and providing decent jobs,” are reflected in Hydro’s approach to 
preventing and mitigating any potential or actual adverse impacts on affected 
communities as well as in Hydro’s approach to contributing positively, going 
beyond mitigation. 
Hydro’s Just Transition Framework is an example of how the company adjusts 
its role in affected communities as a result of the company’s deeper 
understanding of what the transition towards a net-zero world means. The 
need for rapid development of renewable energy coupled with digitalization 
has a profound impact on a wide range of the communities Hydro is located in 
and the Just Transition Framework has been developed in response to these 
impacts. 
Policy commitments 
Hydro’s commitment to respect the human rights of affected communities 
associated with its operations and value chain, and to manage any potential or 
actual adverse impacts is set out in the company’s Human Rights Policy
, 
which is approved by the Executive Leadership Team (ELT). The operational 
responsibility for ensuring engagement with affected communities is 
conducted as set out in the policy is delegated to the business areas. 
The policy is aligned with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human 
Rights and Hydro’s commitment to respect human rights is guided by 
internationally recognized human rights and labor standards, including those 
contained in the International Bill of Human Rights. The policy provides 
reference to the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples and the 
Indigenous and Tribal Peoples Convention (International Labor Organization, 
ILO, Convention 169) and other conventions relevant to affected communities. 
All affected communities are covered by the policy. The policy includes 
Hydro’s commitment to be particularly attentive to the rights of indigenous and 
tribal peoples, as well as traditional communities, in particular with regards to 
their rights to self-determination, to lands which they traditionally occupy, to 
their customs, traditions and institutions, and to their free, prior and informed 
consent (FPIC). In the policy, Hydro also commits to be particularly attentive to 
the rights of human rights defenders, considering in particular their rights to 
freedom of expression, association, peaceful assembly, and to protest against 
Hydro’s business and operations. 
Hydro’s approach to human rights due diligence in relation to the rights of 
communities and indigenous peoples specifically is also set out in Hydro’s 
Human Rights Policy
, and detailed further in the Position Statement on Human 
Rights Due Diligence. Potential or actual adverse impacts on local 
communities are managed through this process. If Hydro identifies adverse 
human rights impact that the company has caused or contributed to, Hydro 
works to cooperate in, promote access to, and/or provide remediation.
Stakeholder engagement 
Potentially affected stakeholders in local communities are engaged directly 
through stakeholder dialogues and through local media, and informed and 
consulted when potential impacts have been identified. Local authorities and 
NGOs are also engaged on impact assessments to identify potential risks.
Hydro’s general approach to stakeholder engagement is set out in the Human 
Rights Policy. Specific processes for stakeholder engagement exist in areas of 
the business where the potential impacts on affected communities have been 
considered salient. 
Hydro has committed to engage in regular dialogue with communities in line 
with the risk based approach established through its human rights due 
diligence process, including having more frequent and structured dialogue in 
communities with higher risk of adverse human rights impacts. Hydro’s 
approach to stakeholder dialogue is summarized in three levels of 
engagement based on a global, regional and local approach.
Stakeholder dialogue approach
Examples
Oversight
Global organizations
• International Aluminium Institute (IAI)
• Int. Council on Mining & Metals (ICMM)
• Aluminimum Stewardship Initiative (ASI)
• Amnesty International
• International Labour Organisation (ILO)
Better 
understanding
Regional expertise
• Nordic Business Network for Human Rights (DIHR)
• Regional human rights experts
• European Aluminium
• European Metals
• Regional NGOs
• Academia
• Unions
Direct dialogue
Local stakeholders
• Local communities
• Municipalities
• Local NGOs
• Customers
• Suppliers
Affected communities Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 124

[page 125]
Potential and actual adverse impacts 
As part of Hydro’s human rights due diligence process, the company identifies 
the risk of salient human rights impacts on affected communities. The risks are 
identified through Hydro’s annual human rights risk assessment process, and 
additional processes for new projects and investments, drawing on internal 
and third party human rights assessments, internal and external expertise, 
and other relevant sources. Any actual adverse impacts and concrete risks are 
identified through the ongoing human rights due diligence process. 
In cases where mitigating actions are implemented, these are documented as 
part of Hydro’s annual human rights risk assessments and human rights data 
collection. In areas where higher risks of human rights impacts are identified in 
relation to Hydro’s own operations, the company monitors the effect of the 
mitigating actions put in place. Hydro is in the process of improving its 
systems for monitoring the effect of mitigating actions, including in the value 
chain.  
Affected communities in own operations 
Hydro uses human rights risk levels per country to help guide its human rights 
management. The risk levels are based on a range of independent human 
rights sources, such as the UN Human Development Index and the 
Transparency International (TI) Corruption Perception Index. Hydro’s 
assessments are also based on Hydro’s internal risk evaluation and, for the 
aluminium production and sourcing, drawing on materiality assessments 
conducted by the International Aluminium Institute (IAI), on the severity and 
likelihood of potential impacts on people at the different stages of aluminium 
production. 
Hydro has identified salient risks of adverse impacts on affected communities 
for some parts of the aluminium production process. Hydro has not identified 
salient risk of adverse impacts on affected communities in the extrusions and 
recycling part of its aluminium business. Hydro’s fully owned primary metal 
plants are located in Norway, which has been assessed as a country with 
lower risks related to adverse impacts on human rights in the communities 
associated with Hydro’s aluminium production. In addition to Hydro’s 
Norwegian production, Hydro is the main indirect shareholder of Albras 
primary metal and the alumina refinery Alunorte in Barcarena, in Northern 
Brazil. Hydro also owns the bauxite mine Paragominas in Northern Brazil. 
Hydro has identified the inherent human rights risks related to communities in 
Northern Brazil as the most salient due to the combination of the country and 
regional risk, and the industrial processes conducted in this part of the 
production process. 
The industrial processes within aluminium production carry an inherent risk of 
pollution, linked to process emissions to air and water, and the potential for 
accidental spills or leakages. Such emissions can have a negative impact on 
the local environment and local communities if not managed correctly. Hydro’s 
business activities are subject to emissions regulations, including local 
emission permits, as well as regional and international regulation of 
emissions. Hydro’s approach to environmental management is covered in the 
chapter Pollution
. This is closely linked to the health and safety of local 
communities, which has been identified as a salient human rights risk across 
Hydro’s business. Hydro has not identified the risk of adverse impacts on 
affected communities to be salient in its own operations in Hydro’s energy 
business. Please see the section Affected communities in value chain 
including joint ventures and joint operations for information about other 
identified salient human rights risks and impact in relation to joint ventures and 
the value chain in Hydro’s energy business. 
Affected communities in Northern Brazil 
Hydro’s operations at Alunorte, Albras and Paragominas are located in the 
State of Pará, in the Amazon region. The northern states in Brazil share 
common socio-economic challenges, such as low income, land conflicts and 
illegal activities. Historical problems are linked to structural gaps in access to 
essential services and education. Vulnerable groups in the region include 
women, children, the elderly and small scale farmers.
Hydro operates in areas that are within the influence area of Quilombola 
territories, as defined by the National Institute for Colonization and Agrarian 
Reform, INCRA (Brazilian authority for Quilombola affairs). Formal 
consultation processes are in place in line with national regulations and 
international guidelines (ILO 169). While Hydro does not operate within the 
consultation buffer of any legally demarcated indigenous land, according to 
FUNAI (Brazilian authority for Indigenous affairs), the company engages in 
dialogue with indigenous communities, living in the broader region, as part of 
a comprehensive social development program aimed at promoting territorial 
progress.
Salient risks and impacts related to people in local communities are described 
below. See chapters Own workforce
 and Workers in the value chain for 
information about risks related to workers.
Human rights risks, impacts and mitigating actions
In 2025, Hydro completed its second Human Rights Impact Assessment 
(HRIA) covering the operations of Albras, Alunorte and Paragominas, 
including the transmission line and the bauxite pipeline from mine to refinery. 
The assessment was conducted by an external consultancy (ERM) and 
updated the human rights baseline, identifying human rights risks and 
impacts. The assessment was supported by a thorough stakeholder 
consultation and document review.
Rights holders were prioritized in the consultation, including representatives of 
local and traditional communities, employees, contract workers, public 
authorities, and NGOs present in the region influenced by Hydro.
The salient risks, impacts and mitigation actions associated with affected 
communities identified through the HRIA are included in the text below.  
Risk: Indigenous and traditional communities
The Human Rights Baseline conducted as part of the HRIA describes the 
challenges historically faced by traditional communities in the State of Pará, 
including land, environmental and social conflicts. The expansion of 
Barcarena’s industrial area by the State, in the late 1970s, involved 
displacement and involuntary resettlement of some traditional communities. 
This has been linked to the current socioeconomic vulnerability of these 
communities and the HRIA has identified the inherent risk of contributing to 
this vulnerability.
The pipeline connecting Paragominas mine to Alunorte crosses territories 
subject to land conflicts, driven by factors such as precarious land registration 
and the absence of formal demarcation of Quilombola and indigenous lands.  
Affected communities Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 125

[page 126]
These conflicts increase the vulnerability of these populations and threaten 
their rights and traditional ways of life.
Hydro mitigates the risks by integrating human rights due diligence in its 
management systems, through social risk management tools, internal 
guidelines for interaction with indigenous peoples and traditional communities, 
structured community dialogue and governance, and through targeted social 
programs. Hydro has also developed several initiatives to increase 
employment opportunities for traditional communities and other local 
community members, including affirmative actions for underrepresented 
groups, internship and trainee programs aimed at increasing diversity in the 
workforce, training and professional development programs, and targeted 
support to educational institutions. An action plan has been developed in 
response to the HRIA recommendations to further strengthen these 
processes, such as by strengthening the social programs aimed at the most 
vulnerable populations and by consolidating the monitoring and evaluation 
activities from different programs with a view to strengthening territorial 
development.
The municipalities of Tomé-Açu and Acará, located along the pipeline between 
Paragominas and Alunorte, have experienced longstanding land disputes. 
These conflicts have primarily stemmed from disputes over oil palm 
monocultures, involving diverse stakeholders such as traditional communities, 
indigenous peoples, landowners and companies operating in the region. In 
recent years, tensions have escalated, resulting in violent incidents and 
property damage.
Although Hydro is not directly involved in conflicts related to oil palm 
monocultures, the pipeline crosses this region, creating indirect challenges. To 
mitigate these risks, Hydro has prioritized dialogue, engagement, and 
cooperation initiatives with affected groups, aiming to develop trust and reduce 
potential impacts.
In Barcarena, the companies Alunorte and Albras own an area that has been 
irregularly occupied since 2016. This land is located within an industrial 
complex and has been formally designated for operational activities. While 
Alunorte and Albras have obtained a court order to repossess the area, as a 
way to mitigate risks to human rights, the companies have engaged with 
authorities to pursue formal mediation and identify a peaceful resolution, 
following the guidance from the Brazilian Supreme Court. After almost a year 
of mediation, the acceleration of the expansion of the occupation and 
increasing evidences of illegal activities in the area have driven Alunorte and 
Albras to request the reinstatement of the repossession order at the 
competent court of justice.
Hydro has developed a robust social support plan to ensure that any eventual 
repossession is carried out in compliance with national regulations, good 
practice and international human rights guidelines.
Risk: Security contractors
The Human Rights Baseline conducted as part of the HRIA identified systemic 
challenges in Pará related to the management of private security companies 
in industrial operations. This creates an inherent risk related to the excessive 
use of force by private security personnel. Hydro mitigates this risk by 
implementing the guidelines of the Voluntary Principles on Security and 
Human Rights, and by closely monitoring and training security companies. In 
response to the recommendations of the HRIA, the monitoring mechanisms 
will be further strengthened. 
Risk: Access to information
The HRIA highlighted the need to strengthen communication with local 
communities to safeguard their right to information. While Hydro has improved 
relationships through structured dialogue, such as community visits to the 
plants and quarterly management meetings with community leaders, the 
company is working to enhance communication channels to ensure timely and 
transparent sharing of operational and institutional information. 
Risk: Quality of natural resources
The HRIA has identified an inherent risk of perceived changes in the 
environmental quality of natural resources due to industrial activities.Hydro 
has implemented several measures to manage emissions to air, soil, and 
water at Alunorte and Albras, with criteria approved by environmental 
authorities (see chapter Pollution
 for details). Despite these actions, some 
community members remain concerned about potential environmental 
impacts. Hydro is addressing this by strengthening communication channels 
and ensuring public awareness of environmental control measures.  
Affected communities Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 126

[page 127]
Community dialogue
Albras, Alunorte, and Paragominas have adopted a structured approach to 
inclusive engagement with diverse communities in the region. Senior 
management holds quarterly meetings with community leaders to address key 
concerns and share updates on progress, actions, and risk management. In 
addition, a dedicated team maintains ongoing dialogue with community 
groups, traditional leaders, and civil society organizations representing 
women, children, human rights defenders, and other vulnerable or 
underrepresented groups. The companies have in place a program to invite 
the communities to visit the plants, to ensure they are aware of the operations, 
their risks and controls.
Following the recommendations of the Human Rights Impact Assessment 
(HRIA), Hydro has developed an integrated action plan, which includes a 
monitoring and evaluation framework to measure the effectiveness and impact 
of social programs in the local communities.
Paragominas is conducting a thorough consultation with Quilombola 
communities, following the Brazilian regulations and ILO Convention 169. 
Hydro participates in Quilombola Component Studies (ECQs) and Basic 
Quilombola Environmental Plans (PBAQs), coordinated by the competent 
authority, INCRA and executed by an independent consultancy with active 
community participation. The ECQ is a study to identify and assess impacts 
on the territories and ways of life of a Quilombola community, and the PBAQ is 
a set of measures to compensate for and mitigate the identified impacts. 
Grievance mechanism 
Canal Direto is Hydro’s operational level grievance mechanism open to all 
external stakeholders in Brazil and targeted specifically at affected 
communities. The mechanism allows community members to raise their 
concerns anonymously. Each grievance is assessed based on its criticality. 
The process follows the criteria for effective grievance mechanisms set out in 
the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. The effectiveness 
of the grievance mechanism is monitored through dialogue with the affected 
communities, monitoring of the type and volume of cases received, as well as 
through a satisfaction survey for users. See note G1.1
 for details about 
grievances received through Canal Direto in 2025. 
Affected communities in value chain including joint ventures 
and joint operations 
Aluminium production 
Based on an assessment of country and regional risk, the industrial 
processes, and affected communities in the surrounding areas, Hydro has not 
identified significant risks of adverse human rights impacts for affected 
communities linked to Hydro’s joint venture operations outside Brazil, including 
one joint asset, Alouette (Canada), and one joint operation, Tomago 
(Australia), which are in the vicinity of indigenous or traditional communities.
Heightened due diligence in the value chain
In light of the war in Gaza and the need for heightened due diligence in 
conflict affected contexts, Hydro has in 2025 conducted a review of its due 
diligence processes in relation to Israeli business partners.
Hydro does not have own operations in Israel or in Occupied Palestinian 
Territory, nor does the company have investments in these areas or in 
companies registered there.
Hydro sells aluminium products to a limited number of customers registered in 
Israel and has a limited number of suppliers located in Israel. In addition, 
some business partners have been identified that are registered outside of 
Israel, but with Israel based suppliers in their supply chain. 
Hydro’s human rights due diligence related to the abovementioned business 
partners has among other measures included screening against the database 
published by the Office of the High Commissioner of Human Rights of 
companies that involved in specific activities related to the Israeli settlements 
in the Occupied Palestinian Territory and against other relevant sources. 
Based on a review of the existing human rights due diligence related to 
Hydro’s business partners, the relationships with two business partners have 
triggered further assessment and measures. 
This relates to one customer with operations on Occupied Palestinian 
Territory, with which the contract will not be renewed at expiry in 2025. The 
other business relationship is a supplier of raw materials. Hydro is currently 
conducting further in depth due diligence related to this supplier. If actual 
consequences or salient risks of consequences on human rights are identified, 
Hydro will implement appropriate measures in line with its human rights due 
diligence responsibilities. 
Other potential and actual impacts identified in the external aluminium value 
chain are covered in the chapter Workers in the value chain
. 
Energy 
With regards to Hydro’s renewable energy value chain and joint venture 
operations, the projects mentioned below are the ones where Hydro assesses 
the inherent risk to affected communities to be the highest. 
Solar and wind projects in Brazil 
Hydro Rein is a joint venture between Hydro and Macquarie Asset 
Management, and an important renewable energy supplier to Hydro. 
Hydro Rein has a minority stake in the solar plant complexes Mendubim, Boa 
Sorte, and Vista Alegre and the wind power plants Ventos de São Zacarias in 
Brazil, which began operations between 2023 and 2024. Alunorte, Albras, and 
Paragominas have voting rights and equity in these projects. The 
development of two of these projects involved the physical resettlement of 
families. Throughout 2025, Hydro Rein and its partners continued to actively 
monitor and engage with the resettled families and affected communities, 
ensuring alignment with IFC Performance Standards and the Equator 
Principles. In 2025, Ventos de São Zacarias maintained close monitoring of 
residual impacts from the construction phase, including cases of damages to 
property potentially caused by construction activity, and continued to assess 
potential operational impacts of the wind farm. As a result, an action plan was 
developed to safeguard the wellbeing of local communities, including house 
refurbishments and additional resettlements. Implementation of this action 
plan is underway and is expected to be completed in 2026. 
Affected communities Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 127

[page 128]
Wind project in Sweden 
Across Hydro Rein’s wind project development portfolio in Sweden, there is 
one early stage development which is potentially located in areas where land 
use may affect indigenous communities, including traditional livelihoods and 
cultural rights. As part of early development processes, Hydro Rein conducts 
impact assessments and initiates consultation with potentially affected 
stakeholders, in line with the IFC Performance Standards and FPIC principles, 
when relevant. Insights from these consultations contribute to project planning 
and mitigation measures.
Hydro Rein is also a minority shareholder in the Stor-Skjälsjön wind farm, 
which entered full operation in early 2025. The project is located in an area 
with traditional Sámi land use. Mitigation measures, such as seasonal activity 
adjustments and coordination to support reindeer husbandry, were agreed 
through consultation processes and included in permit conditions. 
Power purchase agreements in Brazil 
Hydro has several offtake agreements in Brazil. In general, Hydro assesses 
the human rights risks to be high in relation to the construction of hydropower 
dams in the country. Environmental impacts with a resulting impact on local 
communities, land issues and gaps in FPIC processes have been assessed 
as the most significant risks. Please see the chapter Workers in the value 
chain for information about Hydro’s processes for managing supply chain 
risks. 
Resilient local communities in a changing world 
A key element in Hydro’s Just Transition framework is to strengthen the 
societies and communities where it operates. The way Hydro does this differs 
from country to country and between communities. The main contribution is 
generated from the company’s operations through production and purchase of 
goods and services, direct and indirect job creation, and tax payments. 
While Hydro’s approach to supporting resilience varies depending on the local 
context, a common factor is the partnership approach, working with local 
partners with strong knowledge of the local context, as well as strong 
engagement with local community representatives.
Hydro has social programs aimed at building local community resilience. 
Some of its community investments and programs are linked to mandatory 
requirements, such as regulatory obligations and operating licenses, while 
others are voluntary commitments. The programs target education, economic 
growth, decent work, entrepreneurship, capacity building and the 
strengthening of institutions.
In 2025, Hydro spent around NOK 514 million in total on community 
investments, investments through Hydro Fund, charitable donations, 
sponsorships and TerPaz (local community centers). Excluding TerPaz, there 
is a 29 percent increase compared to the prior year, mainly due to the 
increased community efforts in Brazil and an increase through the Hydro 
Fund. Please see the note S3.1
 for more information. 
Hydro’s Just Transition Program
In 2025, Hydro initiated its second round of the Just Transition Program, to 
increase funding to projects aligned with the company’s Just Transition 
Framework in the communities where the company operates. The project 
invited employees to apply for support for external partners, such as 
community organizations, to conduct projects supporting a just transition in the 
local community.
Flagship programs in Brazil
The social investments in Brazil focus on three key areas; Socioeconomic 
development, Nature and resource conservation, and Institutional 
strengthening and human rights.
Sustainable Barcarena Initiative (SBI)
The SBI is an independent forum that promotes sustainable development in 
Barcarena through community led dialogue. Its objective is to identify regional 
challenges, co-create solutions, and ensure transparency and social oversight 
of actions. In 2025, more than 125 community leaders actively participated in 
meetings and programs organized by the initiative. The SBI is supported by 
the Hydro Fund, with technical and administrative services of an Executive 
Secretariat. 
Corridor Program
The Corridor Program is a multi-sector, multi-stakeholder initiative focused on 
socioeconomic and environmental development along the Amazon region 
where Hydro operates its bauxite pipeline. Launched in 2024, the program is 
led by Hydro, Mercedes-Benz, and leading Amazon based NGOs such as 
IPAM, CEA, and Imazon. In 2025, four new partners, Instituto Belterra, 
EMBRAPA, Mitsui & Co., and Mitsui Foundation, joined the coalition, 
reinforcing its commitment to advancing social and environmental progress in 
the Brazilian Amazon. Projects under the Corridor Program are co-designed 
with local communities, enabling them to identify and prioritize initiatives that 
directly benefit their territories. The program emphasizes support for family 
farmers and traditional peoples, including Indigenous, Quilombola, and 
riverine communities by strengthening local capacities and promoting 
sustainable livelihoods. 
Affected communities Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 128

[page 129]
Hydro Fund (HF) 
Established in 2019, the Hydro Fund is a non-profit organization that serves 
as a financial mechanism for implementing Hydro’s social development 
strategy. The Fund partners with NGOs and community organizations to 
deliver projects aligned with Hydro’s priorities. HF supports both the SBI and 
the Corridor Program, providing technical and administrative assistance and 
allocating voluntary funding. In 2025, HF supported community based projects 
focused on culture, environment, income generation and resilience. Highlights 
include: 
• Embarca Amazônia: In partnership with the Corridor Program, this initiative 
selected 12 youth led sustainable businesses in Barcarena and Abaetetuba, 
focusing on forest based value chains. The program provides mentorship 
and specialized support to help these ventures grow.  
• Tiptix: Developed in partnership with Fundação Mitsui Bussan do Brasil and 
SBI support and implemented by Instituto Peabiru, Tipitix is taking place in 
Barcarena, was started in 2021, for the implementation of a community agri-
food enterprise. During this period, four complete cycles of selection of small 
businesses and beneficiaries were carried out that received technical 
support for product development, with about more than 50 products 
launched and being marketed in the markets of Barcarena and other states 
in Brazil.
• Pipeline partnerships: Voluntary partnerships have been established with 
Quilombola and Indigenous communities. The partnerships will secure 
operational continuity and stability along a 244 km pipeline corridor that 
connects Paragominas to Barcarena. It reinforces Hydro’s global 
commitments to human rights, sustainability and risk mitigation, while 
strengthening its social license to operate. By investing in projects designed 
by the communities, Hydro promotes inclusion, fosters economic 
opportunities and builds trust based relationships.
One off infrastructure in Brazil
In 2025, Hydro has completed the construction of four community centers 
(UsiPaz) in municipalities where it operates, delivering them to the Pará State 
Government to support the TerPaz Program. These centers aim to strengthen 
citizenship, prevent violence, and promote integrated territorial development 
by expanding access to essential public policies and creating opportunities for 
children, youth, and families. Through initiatives in education, capacity 
building, culture, sports, social assistance, and income generation, the 
facilities contribute to reducing social vulnerabilities and fostering inclusive 
growth.
In Barcarena, for instance, the TerPaz center is expected to benefit around 
126,000 residents with more than 70 free public services in health, education, 
culture, sports and professional training. By reinforcing the State’s presence 
and promoting shared responsibility among public authorities, private sector, 
and local communities, these infrastructures support a balanced development 
model and institutional stability. Their delivery reaffirms Hydro’s long-term 
commitment to strengthening social capital and creating favorable conditions 
for sustainable territorial development.
Skills and jobs for the future low-carbon economy 
A risk associated with decarbonization efforts is that social inequalities 
increase as new technologies introduce the need for a different type of skill set 
or bring other changes to the labor market. To address this, Hydro’s Just 
Transition framework includes a focus on ensuring that people have the 
necessary skills and jobs for the future low-carbon economy. 
Hydro’s ambition is to equip 500,000 people with essential skills for the future 
economy by 2030. The insight from measuring the people reached and the 
impact of its initiatives make Hydro better equipped to select and execute 
future initiatives with a positive impact. In 2025, Hydro reached more than 
71,000 people, which makes the total number reached since 2018, 312,000 
people. Hydro is still on track to reach the target of 500,000 by year end 2030. 
Continuous improvement of current initiatives and the development of new 
high impact initiatives are important focus areas. See note S3.2
 for more 
information related to this.
In Brazil, Hydro has implemented a comprehensive social development 
strategy with key initiatives including affirmative action programs for 
underrepresented groups; internship and trainee programs to increase 
workforce diversity; training and professional, development to enhance 
employability; and support for educational institutions to build long-term 
capacity.
Hydro also supports local communities through the transfer of competence 
that takes place through the company’s cooperation with universities and 
research institutions. This includes the cooperation with three academic 
institutions in Pará, Brazil, and the University of Oslo through the Biodiversity 
Research Consortium Brazil-Norway. In addition, Hydro provides scholarships 
to selected PhD candidates doing research relevant for its business areas. 
Hydro is also the sponsor of a professorship in Norway and has several 
adjunct professors among its own employees. See the section on 
Partnerships 
in the chapter Business Conduct for more information.
Affected communities Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 129

[page 130]
Business conduct 
Why it matters 
As a global aluminium and renewable energy company with operations in more than 40 countries and interaction with a 
large number of business partners including more than 30,000 suppliers, Hydro depends on transparency, trust, ethical 
conduct, and compliance throughout its organization and value chain. 
Compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and Hydro’s policies, procedures, and guidelines can help mitigate a range 
of risks, including those associated with corruption, competition, economic sanctions, human rights, security, health, 
safety, environment, data privacy, and corporate reporting requirements. 
Failure to comply with applicable regulations and expectations for responsible business conduct can result in loss of 
license to operate and could expose Hydro to investigations, administrative, criminal, and civil sanctions such as fines and 
penalties, materially impacting financial results. In addition, there could be adverse consequences for individuals and 
reputational damage for the company. 
Performance indicator Targets and Ambitions Performance and development
2025 2024 2023
Cases reported through AlertLine Commitment to building a culture of 
integrity and trust
 764  703  651 
Compliance awareness and training modules 
completed
Commitment to building a culture of 
integrity and trust
 42 486  51 216  29 213 
Integrity culture index1
Commitment to building a culture of 
integrity and trust
 77 %
Hydro does not have company wide quantitative targets for business conduct, but tracks its performance on several 
indicators relevant for business conduct, integrity and responsible business. See the ESG factbook in the appendix for 
additional metrics related business conduct.
Business conduct Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 130
1 Employee surveys are performed every two year, the last one was conducted in 2024.

[page 131]
Our approach 
Hydro is committed to applying ethical business practices and compliance 
throughout its organization and supply chain. Hydro’s board approved Code of 
Conduct creates the foundation that supports Hydro’s efforts to do the right 
things and to always act with integrity throughout its global organization, 
wherever it operates and conducts business. 
In Hydro, compliance is defined as adherence to applicable laws and 
regulations as well as Hydro’s governance documents. Specific policies and 
procedures as well as guidelines have been established to assist line 
management to adhere to Hydro’s compliance requirements. Special 
emphasis is made on reducing the risk of noncompliance within financial 
reporting, anti-corruption, competition, data privacy, economic sanctions, 
human rights, security, health, safety and environment. 
Hydro’s compliance system is based on a clear governance structure defining 
roles and responsibilities regarding compliance and all compliance related 
activities undertaken throughout the company. Compliance risk governance 
owners define group wide policies and procedures, and are responsible for 
establishing training and awareness plans. For legal entities where Hydro 
holds less than 100 percent of the voting rights, Hydro is working through its 
Boards of Directors to promote the principles in Hydro’s Code of Conduct and 
its governance documents. In 2025, Hydro continued to strengthen the 
compliance program through various updates and improvements. 
The management of compliance risks are integrated in Hydro’s business 
planning, enterprise risk management, and follow up process, including 
relevant risk mitigating actions and relevant key performance indicators. The 
progress of actions as well as any noncompliance matters are addressed in 
the quarterly internal board meetings that each business area has with the 
CEO and an annual compliance report is submitted to the Board of Directors. 
The Chief Compliance Officer reports to the Board of Directors through the 
Board Audit Committee at their own discretion. In addition, they participate in 
all Board Audit Committee meetings and provides quarterly compliance 
updates to the audit committee. They also meet with the CEO and Board of 
Directors periodically. Hydro monitors business conduct incidents through 
cases reported to line management, supporting staff functions, Hydro’s 
grievance mechanism AlertLine, quarterly and year-end compliance reporting 
from its business areas, and information collected from Hydro’s legal and 
compliance departments. Hydro’s employee engagement survey, Hydro 
Monitor, benchmarks employee perception of Hydro’s integrity culture. 
Hydro is committed to building a culture of trust where employees are 
comfortable to ask questions, seek guidance, raise concerns, and report 
suspected violations to the Code of Conduct, applicable laws or regulations or 
Hydro’s obligations. Concerns and complaints can be raised with local 
management, but employees may also raise the issue directly with Human 
Resources, HSE, union representatives, Compliance, or Legal. 
Employees, on site contractors and others can use Hydro’s confidential 
reporting channel, AlertLine, to report concerns to Group Internal Audit & 
Investigation. The AlertLine allows anonymous reporting and is available in 
several languages. Reports can be made online or via toll-free phone 
numbers listed on Hydro’s intranet and Hydro.com. The Global Procedure for 
Managing Alerts ensures no retaliation against anyone who speaks up in good 
faith to ask a question, raise a concern, report a suspected violation or 
participate in an internal company investigation. For further information about 
the use of Hydro’s global reporting channel and the AlertLine, see note G1.1
. 
The Chief Audit Executive (CAE) is independent from the line organization and 
reports to the Board of Directors and the Board Audit Committee. The CAE 
participates in all Board Audit Committee meetings and provides quarterly 
updates to the Committee and Corporate Management on matters reported 
through the AlertLine and internal audit activities. Hydro’s Group Internal Audit 
& Investigation has resources in Norway, Brazil and North America.
Stakeholder engagement
Hydro engages local authorities, civil society, and industry associations and 
other companies regularly on compliance and business conduct. Hydro also 
engages shareholders on business conduct issues, including quarterly 
meetings with its major shareholder, the Norwegian state. Hydro also 
participates in the development of industry practices through engagement with 
organizations such as Transparency International Norway, the Maritime Anti-
Corruption Network, the International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM), 
and the Aluminium Stewardship Initiative (ASI).
Anti-corruption 
Acting with integrity and combating corruption is an essential part of what 
Hydro considers responsible business conduct. Hydro does not tolerate any 
forms of bribery or corruption, including facilitation payments and kickbacks. 
Further, Hydro is committed to complying with all applicable laws and 
regulations to fight corruption and bribery, including the UN Convention 
against corruption. 
Through Hydro’s comprehensive compliance framework, the company works 
systematically to combat corruption and ensure compliant behavior throughout 
its global organization. Hydro’s Anti-Corruption Compliance Program
 provides 
an overview of the main elements in Hydro’s anti-corruption efforts, which 
includes risk assessments, tone from the top, policies and procedures, training 
and communication, third party risk management, reporting and investigation, 
and disciplinary measures. The key pillars of the compliance framework are 
illustrated in the figure, below. A 2024-2025 external assessment of Hydro's 
Anti-Corruption Compliance Program confirmed the robustness of the program 
and suggested some potentials for enhancements.
Functions involved in commercial activities and interactions with government 
officials, especially in regions with heightened inherent corruption risk, are 
most at risk and hence targeted for compliance training. 
Integrity and compliance
Business conduct Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 131
Preventing Detecting
ReportingResponding
Roles and 
responsibilities

[page 132]
Data protection and cybersecurity 
Hydro is continuously monitoring privacy risks and working to enhance the 
robustness of its data protection program and governance framework. Central 
to Hydro’s privacy governance are its Binding Corporate Rules (BCR), which 
serve to ensure compliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation 
(GDPR) and establish the Hydro data privacy network. This network consists 
of designated data privacy coordinators from all business areas and staff 
functions, responsible for overseeing compliance and managing risk within 
their respective areas. Since the program’s establishment in 2017, Hydro has 
implemented several improvement initiatives to align with evolving business 
requirements and emerging privacy legislation both inside and outside the EU.
Hydro is assessing the external threat annually, tracking relevant threat 
categories, for example, ransomware, insider, social engineering and supply 
chain. This assessment forms part of Hydro’s cybersecurity risk management 
framework. 
Critical assets both in plants and in the enterprise IT platform are subject to 
security monitoring as well as internal and external requirements to security. 
All personnel with access to sensitive information are bound to secrecy and 
required to handle information according to corporate guidelines and 
requirements. 
Hydro’s enterprise IT platform provides services such as digital collaboration, 
enterprise resource planning, personnel databases and systems for external 
reporting. This platform is being modernized to withstand the developing cyber 
security threats and also segregated from plant industrial control systems. 
Offensive security testing of the enterprise IT platform as well as critical assets 
in the plants is also executed on a regular basis. 
Employee’s personal awareness and behavior is important to mitigate cyber 
risk. Cyber security training for all 13,000 IT users and role specific training for 
Industrial Control System users are conducted yearly. Training of crisis 
management relating to cyber security incident scenarios is also conducted at 
regular intervals on group level. 
Compliance training 
In Hydro, compliance awareness training is provided on a range of topics and 
consists of classroom training, workshops, town hall meetings and various e-
learning modules. The Code of Conduct states that all employees are 
expected to participate in required training. In 2025, training was provided 
within anti-corruption, Hydro’s code of Conduct, competition law, data privacy, 
trade sanctions, human rights, integrity and market regulations. Companywide 
campaigns on preventing bribery/corruption and understanding sanctions and 
trade compliance were run in 2025. Hydro also provides anti-corruption 
training to selected third parties, including suppliers. Compliance training is 
mainly carried out by Group Compliance and Group Legal, but other group 
functions and compliance professionals in the business areas also carry out 
compliance training. See note G1.3
 in appendix for metrics on compliance 
training and note S1.4 in appendix for metrics on training activities completed 
by Hydro’s employees in 2025. 
There is a yearly compliance deep dive session for the board Audit 
Committee.
Management of relationships with suppliers 
Combating corruption and respecting human rights are integral to Hydro’s 
supplier requirements. See the Workers in the value chain chapter for 
information about Hydro’s supply chain and how the company screens its 
suppliers and business partners. 
Hydro tracks on time payment statistics to prevent late payments to suppliers, 
with automatic dashboards to track performance on a daily basis for 
approximately 82 percent of Hydro’s units globally. Payment terms vary 
between categories of purchase, between regions and by type of business. In 
2025 for upstream units, the average payment term days were 38, while for 
downstream units it was 46 days. 92 percent of invoices were paid on time in 
line with agreed upon terms. 
Product quality and liabilities 
Product quality comprises quality specifications in the use phase of Hydro’s 
products as well as criteria for carbon footprint and environmental impact of 
products. To meet customer expectations for product quality and responsible 
value chain, Hydro is working to certify its production sites according to the 
Aluminium Stewardship Initiative (ASI). Hydro is an active ASI member and 79 
of its production sites have been certified, covering Hydro’s value chain from 
bauxite to finished products. Hydro’s certifications are summarized in note 
G1.5 on certifications. 
Transparency 
Transparency is key to creating a global level playing field as well as to 
safeguard the company’s reputation. In line with its membership commitments 
to the International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM), Hydro reports in 
accordance with the GRI Standards
, the Extractive Industries Transparency 
Initiative (EITI), and additional ICMM specific requirements. 
For an overview of statutory reporting requirements, see the General 
information chapter. 
Partnerships and third parties 
Hydro can contribute to responsible business conduct through its regular 
engagement with suppliers, customers and business partners. By being vocal 
about compliance and ESG topics, consistently acting with integrity, following 
ethical standards, and requiring counterparts to adhere to the same 
standards, Hydro can have a positive impact on business conduct more 
broadly. 
Hydro also aims to have a positive impact on the fight against bribery, 
corruption, and human rights breaches through participation in partnerships 
and industry associations, and by actively engaging with public authorities and 
other stakeholders on these issues. 
Business conduct Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 132

[page 133]
Hydro works through industry and aluminium associations to improve the ESG 
standards within its industry and to establish a level playing field for global 
aluminium production. Hydro is a member of the International Council on 
Mining and Metals (ICMM), which gives the company the opportunity to 
participate in the development of industry practices on the environmental and 
social issues and to share best practices. Hydro is also a founding member of 
the Aluminium Stewardship Initiative (ASI). To increase Hydro’s knowledge 
and secure a science based approach to rehabilitation, the Biodiversity 
Research Consortium Brazil-Norway (BRC) was established in 2013. See the 
chapter on Biodiversity and ecosystems
 for more information on BRC.
Joining forces in collective action is critical in the fight against corruption. 
Hydro has had a partnership with Transparency International Norway for many 
years. Hydro is also a member of the Maritime Anti-Corruption Network 
(MACN), which provides valuable insight into the maritime industry, an 
important part of Hydro’s supply chain. Through Alunorte, Albras, 
Paragominas, and Norsk Hydro Brasil, Hydro has been a signatory of the 
Business Pact for Integrity and Against Corruption since 2018. The Pact is 
developed by the Ethos Institute in partnership with global organizations such 
as the United Nations and the World Economic Forum, seeking to unite 
companies with the objective of promoting a more ethical market and to 
eradicate bribery and corruption in Brazil. Hydro companies in Brazil had 
improvements in their integrity results reported in the Integrity Ethos 
Indicators. 
In Norway, Hydro participates in numerous research, development, and 
innovation projects and centers supported financially by public Norwegian or 
EU agencies. These include The Research Council of Norway, Enova, 
Innovation Norway, SIVA and EU Horizon. Financial support from The 
Research Council of Norway is mainly paid to reimburse R&D costs in projects 
where Hydro is partnering with academia and research institutes such as the 
Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) and the research 
institute SINTEF. These projects are also often done in partnership with other 
industrial actors and technology developers. Financial support from Enova is 
mainly received for projects in Hydro seeking to demonstrate new 
technologies in small industrial scale. In 2025, the extensive research and 
innovation project AluGreen, led by Hydro, was concluded. The project was 
part of the Green Platform initiative funded by the Norwegian Research 
Council, SIVA and Innovation Norway. Together with partners in academia and 
industry, the project brought forward several demonstrators of new aluminium 
applications in bridge construction, buildings and other areas. Hydro was in 
2025 also partner in eight research and innovation centers partly funded by 
the Research Council of Norway: 
• gigaCCS - Research Centre for Carbon Capture and Storage
• InterPlay - Integrated Hub for Energy System Analyses 
• ZeMe - Zero Emission Metal Production, 
• HYDROGENi – Norwegian centre for hydrogen and ammonia research 
innovation 
• NorthWind - Norwegian Research Centre on Wind Energy 
• BLUES - Floating structures for the next generation ocean industries 
• NORCICS - Norwegian Center for Cybersecurity in Critical Sectors 
• PhysMet - Centre for sustainable and competitive metallurgical and 
manufacturing industry. 
The research centers engage in cross disciplinary activities with a time frame 
of up to eight years and with a wide range of partners from industry, 
technology, and academia. Hydro is also partner in two new research centers 
on Artificial Intelligence, awarded grants from the Norwegian Research 
Council in 2025 and starting in 2026. The centers are AID, Norwegian Centre 
on AI for Decisions, and TRUST, The Norwegian Centre for Trustworthy AI.
Hydro also participates in other national and EU funded R&D projects on post-
consumer scrap recycling technology, following market demand for products 
with a low-carbon footprint. Hydro’s R&D program includes joint projects with 
external research institutes such as SINTEF, NTNU and IFE. In 2025 Hydro 
launched a new research partnership with the University of Michigan, 
establishing the Center for Recycling, Extrusion and Aluminium Technology 
(CREATe).
In 2025, Hydro entered a new partnership agreement with the Norwegian Red 
Cross. The agreement will strengthen local communities and provide 
emergency aid where the need is the largest. Hydro has had a long standing 
partnership with Amnesty International Norway since 2002. The partnership is 
based on dialogue meetings on relevant human rights dilemmas. Hydro is also 
an active member of the Nordic Business Network for Human Rights 
coordinated by the Danish Institute for Human Rights. To contribute to the 
development and strengthening of the human rights management and 
procedures, Hydro participates in other relevant forums, such as ICMM, ASI, 
Global Business Initiative on Human Rights (GBI), and UN Forum on Business 
and Human Rights. 
For information about Hydro’s community investments and social programs, 
see the Community investments and social programs in note S3.1.
 
In addition, Hydro cooperates with global and local industry organizations, 
NGOs and other organizations. See note G1.6
 in the appendix and Hydro.com 
more information on partnerships.
Public affairs and lobbying 
Hydro recognizes the value of engaging with public authorities and other 
stakeholders in relation to the development of various policy initiatives that 
impact its industry. Hydro interacts primarily with decision makers in countries 
where it has significant operations, such as Norway, Brazil and the U.S., as 
well as with regional structures like the European Union institutions and the 
relevant EU Member States. These interactions are mainly related to securing 
competitive, stable, and predictable industry framework conditions, taxes, and 
legislation that affect Hydro’s activities. Hydro’s public affairs activities are 
generally focused on issues related to energy, industry policy, climate, 
sustainability and trade. 
Hydro promotes its views on issues of importance either through direct 
interaction with public authorities and other stakeholders, or through various 
industry associations. In addition, Hydro participates in think tanks, especially 
in Brussels and Washington D.C., and engage regularly in discussions with 
various NGOs. Most resources are dedicated to advocacy activities within the 
EU, Brazil, the U.S. and Norway, through business associations, and direct 
dialogue with authorities and decision makers. When relevant, Hydro is in 
dialogue with applicable tax authorities in Norway, the EU, the U.S. and Brazil. 
Hydro may also discuss fundamental tax developments and issues with other 
enterprises. 
Business conduct Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 133

[page 134]
Hydro supports the principles of free and fair trade, and efforts to create a 
global level playing field. In advocacy, Hydro also supports the climate targets 
set in the Paris Agreement. 
Hydro supports market based solutions for pricing of carbon emissions, like 
the EU Emissions Trading System (ETS). A decisive part of the EU regulation 
is the ability to compensate for the extra cost occurring within the EU, in order 
to maintain competitiveness for global industries like aluminium. Pricing of 
emissions from imported products through the Carbon Border Adjustment 
Mechanism (CBAM) will start to be phased in on January 1, 2026. The 
reporting period started on October 1, 2023. Hydro believes it is important for 
the aluminium industry that CBAM is reviewed both before final 
implementation and continuously during the live phase, that all loopholes in 
the mechanism are closed and that indirect cost compensation remains as an 
important carbon leakage instrument. 
The European Green Deal is a roadmap on policies to achieve carbon 
neutrality in the EU by 2050, and includes policies to develop markets for low-
carbon and circular products, in combination with stricter targets for emission 
reduction. Hydro sees interesting opportunities in both this roadmap, and the 
Critical Raw Materials Act and Net Zero Industry Act. 
The political agenda of the EU is shifting. The EU Green Deal is still a major 
policy building block for the European Commission, but Hydro sees a much 
stronger emphasis on competitiveness, resilience and defense. The 
Commission has the Clean Industrial Deal and the Steel and Metals Action 
plan, while the Circular Economy Act and the Industrial Accelerator Act is 
expected in 2026. All such existing initiatives contain elements that supports 
Hydro’s strategic direction and 2050 roadmap on decarbonization, and the 
same is expected for future launches. 
Hydro’s position on EU energy policy is Europe first and foremost needs more 
renewable energy production capacity, and market interventions should be 
temporary and targeted at alleviating costs for vulnerable consumers. In the 
long-term, electricity markets should be allowed to function to provide the right 
pricing signals for investments in renewable energy production. 
In Norway, Hydro works to ensure long-term predictable framework conditions 
for industry, particularly relating to access to renewable power at competitive 
prices and effective measures to mitigate against carbon leakage. Among 
these the CO2-compensation scheme is of particular importance, as it 
mitigates against increased risk of carbon leakage due to indirect costs of CO2 
in the power price. 
Hydro is also working to ensure full and predictable market access to Europe 
for Norwegian aluminium, based on the EEA agreement. 
Hydro has established an office in Washington D.C. with the objective to 
support Hydro’s leading position in recycling and extrusion business in the 
U.S. market. Norway is negotiating a bilateral agreement with the U.S. aiming 
at establishing a long-term framework for trade between the countries. Hydro 
is supportive to increased trade between Norway and the U.S., and Hydro will 
continue to work towards predictable and competitive framework conditions for 
the aluminium sector in the U.S. 
In 2025, a total of 17 full time equivalents (FTE) were dedicated to public 
affairs and lobbying. This includes persons in Norway, EU, Brazil and the U.S. 
Within the EU, lobbying activities are publicly reported through the EU 
Transparency Register. In the U.S., Hydro is registered and complying with the 
Lobby Disclosure Act. To get an overview of Hydro’s memberships in different 
industry associations see Hydro.com
. 
According to Hydro’s global directives, Hydro may not make financial 
contributions to political parties. Hydro has no indications that such 
contributions took place in 2025.
Non-compliance with business conduct standards 
Non-compliance cases are normally reported to line management and/or 
supporting staff functions including Group Compliance, Group Internal Audit 
and Investigations, Human Resources, Legal, HSE, Finance, and Accounting. 
Non-compliances can also be reported through Hydro’s AlertLine, which offers 
the possibility of anonymous reporting, unless otherwise prohibited by local 
law, or Canal Direto, the grievance channel designed for external stakeholders 
in Brazil. See note G1.1
 for further information. 
Potential non-compliance cases being reported, shall go through an initial 
assessment. If an investigation is launched, it is often let by Group Internal 
Audit & Investigations. In some cases, when deemed appropriate, external 
third parties carry out the investigation. A group wide procedure defines the 
process and approach for investigations. Group Internal Audit & Investigations 
ensures an independent and objective investigation and reporting of the 
results. 
Non-compliances with laws and regulations 
Significant non-compliance cases are defined as all material pending or 
threatened litigation and claims to which a Hydro controlled company is party. 
Instances of non-compliance with laws or regulations that have resulted in a 
fine of NOK 1 million being issued by a public authority, as well as relevant 
developments in cases that could have a material reputational or financial 
impact, are reported in note G1.2
. No new non-compliances with laws and 
regulations that resulted in significant fines were registered in 2025. See note 
G1.2 for more information. 
Business conduct Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 134

[page 135]
Oslo, 12. February 2026
Rune Bjerke Kristin F. Kragseth Marianne Wiinholt Phillip New Jane Toogood Espen Gundersen
Chair Deputy chair Board member Board member Board member Board member
Kim Wahl Arve Baade Margunn Sundve Bjørn Petter Moxnes Ellen Merete Olstad Eivind Kallevik
Board member Board member Board member Board member Board member President and CEO
Board signatures Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 135

[page 139]
Financial 
statements
140 Consolidated Financial statements
208 Financial statements Norsk Hydro ASA
222 Statement from the Board and the President and CEO
225 Independent auditors report

[page 140]
Consolidated income statements
Amounts in NOK million (except per share amounts). Years ended December 31 Notes 2025 2024
Revenue 1.4, 5.1  207 971  203 636 
Share of profit (loss) in equity accounted investments 1.4, 5.1  121  (516) 
Other income, net 5.2  5 189  5 543 
Total revenue and income  213 281  208 663 
Raw material and energy expense 5.3  133 116  129 349 
Employee benefits expense 9.2  28 060  26 946 
Depreciation and amortization expense 2.4  10 328  10 131 
Impairment of non-current assets 2.5  1 148  39 
Other expenses  26 228  25 712 
Total expenses  198 880  192 176 
Earnings before financial items and tax  14 401  16 487 
Interest and other finance income 7.5  820  1 601 
Foreign currency exchange gain (loss) 7.5  1 007  (5 646) 
Interest and other finance expense 7.5  (2 507)  (3 580) 
Finance income (expense), net  (680)  (7 625) 
Income (loss) before tax  13 721  8 862 
Income taxes 10.1  (5 417)  (3 822) 
Net income (loss)  8 304  5 040 
Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests  1 587  (750) 
Net income (loss) attributable to Hydro shareholders  6 717  5 790 
Basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to Hydro shareholders 7.6  3.41  2.90 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
Consolidated statement of other comprehensive income
Amounts in NOK million. Years ended December 31 Notes 2025 2024
Net income (loss)  8 304  5 040 
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to income statement:
Remeasurement postemployment benefits, net of tax 7.6  429  1 048 
Unrealized gain (loss) on securities, net of tax 7.6, 8.2  (139)  (404) 
Share of items that will not be reclassified to income statement of equity accounted 
investments, net of tax 7.6  2  - 
Total  292  644 
Items that will be reclassified to income statement:
Currency translation differences, net of tax 7.6  (4 049)  2 130 
Currency translation differences, net of tax, divestment of foreign operation 7.6  (55)  (51) 
Cash flow hedges, net of tax 7.6, 8.3  907  (1 440) 
Share of items that will be reclassified to income statement of equity accounted 
investments, net of tax 7.6  (45)  (9) 
Total  (3 242)  630 
Other comprehensive income  (2 950)  1 275 
Total comprehensive income  5 354  6 314 
Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests  1 731  (1 821) 
Total comprehensive income attributable to Hydro shareholders  3 622  8 135 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
Consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 140

[page 141]
Consolidated balance sheets
Amounts in NOK million, December 31 Notes 2025 2024
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents 7.2  16 085  15 049 
Short-term investments 7.3  10 600  3 467 
Trade and other receivables 6.2  25 934  28 510 
Inventories 6.1  27 798  28 187 
Other current financial assets 8.2  1 064  412 
Total current assets  81 480  75 625 
Property, plant and equipment 2.1  78 132  77 937 
Intangible assets 2.2, 2.3  7 658  8 436 
Investments accounted for using the equity method 3.1  22 041  25 054 
Other non-current assets 2.7, 8.2  5 439  5 971 
Prepaid pension 9.3  10 563  10 115 
Deferred tax assets 10.1  2 985  4 233 
Total non-current assets  126 816  131 747 
Total assets  208 296  207 371 
Amounts in NOK million, December 31 Notes 2025 2024
Liabilities and equity
Bank loans and other interest-bearing short-term debt 7.4  8 149  11 601 
Trade and other payables 6.3  26 394  26 976 
Provisions 4.1  4 982  3 605 
Taxes payable  3 784  3 905 
Other current financial liabilities 8.2  3 833  3 324 
Total current liabilities  47 142  49 411 
Long-term debt 7.4  28 425  23 147 
Provisions 4.1  4 863  5 203 
Pension liabilities 9.3  8 902  9 226 
Other non-current financial liabilities 8.2  5 200  6 162 
Other liabilities  1 760  2 009 
Deferred tax liabilities 10.1  4 907  4 761 
Total non-current liabilities  54 058  50 508 
Total liabilities  101 200  99 919 
Share capital 7.6  2 172  2 206 
Additional paid-in capital 7.6  29 340  29 319 
Treasury stock 7.6  (440)  (1 667) 
Retained earnings  59 914  59 749 
Other components of equity 7.6  8 857  11 854 
Equity attributable to Hydro shareholders  99 843  101 461 
Non-controlling interests  7 252  5 991 
Total equity  107 096  107 452 
Total liabilities and equity  208 296  207 371 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
Consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 141

[page 142]
Consolidated statements of cash flows
Amounts in NOK million. Years ended December 31 Notes 2025 2024
Operating activities
Net income 8 304 5 040 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation, amortization and impairment 2.4, 2.5 11 476 10 170 
Share of (profit) loss in equity accounted investments (121) 516 
Dividends received from equity accounted investments 3.1 1 427 910 
Deferred taxes 807 (948) 
Gain on sale of non-current assets (378) (127) 
Net foreign exchange (gain) loss 7.5 (1 007) 5 646 
Net sales (purchases) of trading securities (54) 33 
Changes in assets and liabilities that provided (used) cash
Trade and other receivables 1 441 (1 768) 
Inventories (492) (2 263) 
Trade and other payables 450 (162) 
Derivatives 1 990 446 
Collateral for derivatives and other liabilities (1 253) (588) 
Other items 721 (1 549) 
Net cash provided by operating activities
10.3 23 311 15 356 
Amounts in NOK million. Years ended December 31 Notes 2025 2024
Investing activities
Purchases of property, plant and equipment (11 582) (13 555) 
Purchases of other long-term investments (567) (1 622) 
Purchases of short-term investments (6 486) (3 148) 
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment 254 139 
Investment grants received 52 99 
Proceeds from long-term investing activities 259 1 872 
Proceeds from sales of short-term investments 165 3 299 
Net cash used in investing activities (17 905) (12 916) 
Financing activities
Loan proceeds 7.4 13 639 4 727 
Loan repayments 7.4 (11 877) (8 714) 
Net increase (decrease) in other short-term debt 7.4 6 (2 242) 
Repurchases of shares (856) (2 272) 
Proceeds from shares issued 24 964 
Dividends paid (4 581) (5 015) 
Other cash transfers to non-controlling interests (78) (5) 
Net cash used in financing activities (3 723) (12 557) 
Foreign currency effects on cash (647) 699 
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 1 036 (9 418) 
Cash and cash equivalents reclassified as Assets held for sale - (151) 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 15 049 24 618 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 16 085 15 049 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
Consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 142

[page 143]
Consolidated statements of changes in equity
Amounts in NOK million Notes Share capital
Additional paid-
in capital Treasury shares
Retained 
earnings
Other 
components of 
equity
Equity to Hydro 
shareholders
Non-controlling 
interests Total equity
December 31, 2023  2 241  29 283  (1 381)  60 877  9 559  100 579  6 604  107 182 
Changes in equity for 2024
Treasury shares issued to employees 7.6    37  34      70    70 
Treasury shares acquired 7.6      (1 640)      (1 640)    (1 640) 
Cancellation treasury shares 7.6  (23)    1 320  (1 297)    -    - 
Redeemed shares 7.6  (12)      (669)    (681)    (681) 
Dividends 7.7        (5 015)    (5 015)    (5 015) 
Acquisition of non-controlling interest        1  12  14  (14)  - 
Companies acquired            -  79  79 
Capital contribution in subsidiaries            -  1 141  1 141 
Subsidiaries sold, items not reclassified to income statement and non-controlling interests        (1)  1  -  2  2 
Disposal of equity securities at fair value through other comprehensive income        64  (64)  -    - 
Total comprehensive income for the period        5 790  2 345  8 135  (1 821)  6 314 
December 31, 2024  2 206  29 319  (1 667)  59 749  11 854  101 461  5 991  107 452 
Changes in equity for 2025
Treasury shares issued to employees 7.6    20  29      49    49 
Treasury shares acquired 7.6      (120)      (120)    (120) 
Cancellation treasury shares 7.6  (22)    1 319  (1 297)    -    - 
Redeemed shares 7.6  (11)      (674)    (686)    (686) 
Dividends 7.7        (4 445)    (4 445)  (429)  (4 875) 
Acquisition of non-controlling interest        (38)    (38)  (40)  (79) 
Disposal of equity securities at fair value through other comprehensive income        (98)  98  -    - 
Total comprehensive income for the period        6 717  (3 095)  3 622  1 731  5 354 
December 31, 2025  2 172  29 340  (440)  59 914  8 857  99 843  7 252  107 096 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
Consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 143

[page 144]
Oslo, 12. February 2026
Rune Bjerke Kristin F. Kragseth Marianne Wiinholt Phillip New Jane Toogood Espen Gundersen
Chair Deputy chair Board member Board member Board member Board member
Kim Wahl Arve Baade Margunn Sundve Bjørn Petter Moxnes Ellen Merete Olstad Eivind Kallevik
Board member Board member Board member Board member Board member President and CEO
Consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 144

[page 145]
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
Section 1 - General information
146 Note 1.1 - Reporting entity, basis 
of presentation, significant 
accounting principles, estimates 
and judgment
149 Note 1.2 - Measurement of fair 
value
150 Note 1.3 - Significant events
150 Note 1.4 - Operating and 
geographic segment information
154 Note 1.5 - Significant subsidiaries 
and changes to the group
Section 6 - Specification of 
operating capital elements
178 Note 6.1 - Inventories 
178 Note 6.2 - Trade and other 
receivables 
179 Note 6.3 - Trade and other 
payables 
Section 2 - Long-lived assets
157 Note 2.1 - Property, plant and 
equipment 
158 Note 2.2 - Intangible assets 
160 Note 2.3 - Goodwill 
161 Note 2.4 - Depreciation and 
amortization expense 
162 Note 2.5 - Impairment of non-
current assets 
165 Note 2.6 - Leases 
166 Note 2.7 - Other non-current 
assets 
Section 7 - Capital management 
and cash management
179 Note 7.1 - Capital management
182 Note 7.2 - Cash
182 Note 7.3 - Short-term investments
182 Note 7.4 - Short and long-term 
debt
183 Note 7.5 - Finance income and 
expense
184 Note 7.6 - Shareholders' equity
185 Note 7.7 - Dividends
Section 3 - Investments in other 
companies
167 Note 3.1 - Investments in joint 
arrangements and associates
Section 8 - Financial risk and 
financial instruments
186 Note 8.1 - Financial and 
commercial risk management
189 Note 8.2 - Financial instruments 
196 Note 8.3 - Derivative instruments 
and hedge accounting 
Section 4 - Uncertain assets and 
liabilities
171 Note 4.1 - Uncertain assets and 
liabilities
Section 9 - Related parties and 
remuneration
198 Note 9.1 - Related party 
information
199 Note 9.2 - Employee 
199 Note 9.3 - Employee retirement 
plans
Section 5 - Income and expenses
174 Note 5.1 - Revenue from 
contracts with customers
176 Note 5.2 - Other income
177 Note 5.3 - Raw material and 
energy expense
Section 10 - Other information
203 Note 10.1 - Income taxes
205 Note 10.2 - Research and 
development
206 Note 10.3 - Cash flow information
206 Note 10.4 - Auditors remuneration
207 Note 10.5 - Changes in 
accounting principles
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 145

[page 146]
Section 1 – General information
Note 1.1   Reporting entity, basis of presentation, significant accounting 
principles, estimates and judgment 
The reporting entity reflected in these financial statements comprises Norsk Hydro ASA and consolidated subsidiaries 
(Hydro). Hydro is headquartered in Drammensveien 264, Oslo, Norway, and the group employs around 32,000 people in 
about 40 countries. Hydro is a global supplier of aluminium with operations throughout the industry value chain and 
engages in development and production of renewable energy. Operations include power production, bauxite extraction, 
alumina refining, aluminium smelting, recycling, and extruded solutions. The Board of Directors and the President and 
CEO authorized these financial statements for issue on February 12, 2026. Hydro is listed on the Oslo stock exchange, 
Oslo Børs.
Basis of presentation
The consolidated financial statements of Norsk Hydro ASA and its subsidiaries are prepared in accordance with IFRS ® 
Accounting Standards as adopted by the European Union (EU) and Norwegian authorities, effective as of December 31, 
2025. Hydro also provides the disclosures as specified under the Norwegian Accounting Act (Regnskapsloven).
The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis except for certain assets, liabilities and financial 
instruments, which are mandatory to measure at fair value. Preparation of financial statements including note disclosures 
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported. Actual results may differ. 
The functional currency of Norsk Hydro ASA is the Norwegian krone (NOK). The Hydro group financial statements are 
presented in NOK.
As a result of rounding adjustments, the figures in one or more columns included in the financial statements may not add 
up to the total of that column.
Interest rates used for calculating net present values are rounded to the nearest 10 basis points for post-employment 
benefits, and to the nearest 25 basis points for other non-financial assets and liabilities.
! Significant judgment and estimates
Judgment is applied in assessing how to account for some business transactions and events. The more 
judgmental accounting policies include:
◦ Business models for developing projects or businesses in co-operation with others are applied for such 
business activities as renewable energy projects and technology development. Contracts used in such 
projects may introduce complexity related to how to assess control and influence for part-owned companies, 
including whether Hydro has control, joint control or significant influence over such companies as further 
discussed in note 
3.1 Investments in joint arrangements and associates.
◦ Renewable energy projects introduce complex accounting judgment related to contract structures including 
which of these contracts that represent financial instruments to be recognized at fair value and how to 
measure such contracts with entity specific features as further discussed in note 8.2 Financial instruments.
Estimation risks in determining the amounts to recognize or disclose are associated with different phases of 
operation and sources of uncertainty. We have identified the following important sources of estimation risks, which 
impacts accounting estimates in different ways:
◦ Changing business environment, including changes driven by the green transition and physical climate 
changes already present or expected in the near future, impacting such estimates as remaining useful life for 
existing assets and whether assets are impaired due to shorter useful life, higher cost, or regulatory 
constraints of operations. These aspects of estimation are further discussed below and in note 
2.4 
Depreciation and amortization expense and note 2.5 Impairment of non-current assets. 
◦ Exiting and remediating sites used for historic activities represent both risks of costs and liabilities, and 
opportunity for value creation, and involves estimation of extent and cost of remediation effort as well as 
assessment of the value of land, building and other assets historically used for industrial purposes.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 146

[page 147]
The following areas of accounting involve a significant degree of estimation uncertainty and complexity and may 
result in significant variation in amounts. Estimation uncertainty in these areas are partly related to the sources of 
uncertainty identified above and partly related to other sources of uncertainty discussed in the individual notes.
◦ Impairment of non-current assets, discussed in note 2.5 Impairment of non-current assets
◦ Uncertain assets and liabilities, discussed in section 4 Uncertain assets and liabilities
◦ Uncertain tax positions, discussed in  note 10.1 Income taxes
◦ Business combinations and transactions with non-controlling shareholders, impacting such items as long-lived 
assets and uncertain assets and liabilities, discussed in note 1.5 Significant subsidiaries and changes to the 
consolidated group
◦ Financial instruments, discussed in  section 8 Financial risk and financial instruments
Climate risk and opportunities 
Aluminium is widely acknowledged as an enabler for the transition away from fossil fuels and other activities that 
generate greenhouse gases, to which companies, states and society at large are committed, among other through 
the Paris agreement. However, production of aluminium is resource intensive and requires significant quantities of 
energy. The production process itself also results in direct emission of CO2.
Hydro is well positioned to benefit from the transition to net zero GHG emissions. Hydro generates significantly 
lower GHG emissions than the industry average, and the average carbon intensity of Hydro’s aluminium 
production is below the 2030 and 2035 targets in the 1.5 degree scenario that the International Aluminium Institute 
has defined for the aluminium industry. The carbon footprint of aluminium production is highly dependent on the 
source of energy used to produce the metal. Hydro’s footprint reflects the fact that the majority of our primary 
production facilities use electricity from renewable sources. 
In the near term, Hydro is expected to benefit from increased demand for low carbon aluminium, as our customers 
aim to decarbonize their value chains. The demand for low carbon aluminium is expected to grow at a greater 
pace than the overall demand for aluminium, although the pace is uncertain. 
However, Hydro is still exposed to significant transition risks to achieve net zero emissions by 2050, including 
technology risks, regulatory risks, and market risks.  
Sufficient renewable energy must be available for our production sites at a cost that is achievable for use in 
production of alumina and aluminium, for recycling of aluminium and for production of aluminium products. 
As the aluminium and alumina markets are global markets, relative competition between countries and regions 
influences which production sites that will be viable in the future. In general, Hydro will benefit from globally aligned 
initiatives placing a price on CO2 emissions and/or regulatory or market-based incentives to use low emission, and 
eventually zero emission, energy. Hydro will also benefit from regulatory initiatives whereby emission free or low 
emission energy is made available in sufficient quantities at places where our existing production facilities are 
situated, at prices competitive to energy cost in other regions of the world where competing production is or may 
be placed.
In the opposite scenario, Hydro will have a disadvantage if significant carbon taxes are placed on emissions in 
countries or regions where Hydro’s production is placed while similar regulation is not introduced in competing 
regions. Situations with severe limitations in availability of emission free energy in areas where our production 
facilities are situated will be a disadvantage for our aluminium related assets. 
New technology must be developed and implemented for production of primary aluminium. Hydro is aiming to 
develop new, emission free technology for use in new aluminium production facilities referred to as HalZero. To 
achieve near zero emission production and preserve the value of our existing aluminium smelters, we are 
assessing carbon capture solutions. For Hydro to retain the strategic benefit of a lower carbon emission, 
developing technology that can be fitted to existing production facilities at an affordable price is important. Similar 
issues exist in other parts of our value chain, however, as the emissions from production of aluminium and energy 
production and consumption represent the majority of our total GHG footprint, these elements will be the most 
influential to achieving our targets and retaining the value of our assets. To achieve the indicated technology 
development, we expect somewhat higher development cost in average in the years to come compared to historic 
levels. We are actively seeking partnerships and government grant to achieve the development at an acceptable 
cost.
In parallel, demand for low carbon aluminium could strengthen as aluminium substitutes steel, copper or other 
metals, in sectors such as production of renewable energy and thermal technologies, transport, construction and 
real estate.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 147

[page 148]
In an opposite scenario, the demand for aluminium could decline if we do not succeed with the decarbonization of 
our value chain in line with our technology roadmap for net zero GHG emissions by 2050. If we fail to develop and 
implement HalZero or other electrolysis technology while competing industries succeed in their decarbonization 
efforts, this could result in decreased demand for aluminium as steel or other metals substitute aluminium. Similar 
risks apply if we do not succeed with carbon capture at existing facilities, which could impact the value of our 
exiting aluminium smelters and alumina refinery.
Hydro’s energy producing assets are renewable only, with the majority being hydro power in Norway. Hydro is also 
engaged in production of power from solar and wind resources, currently mainly in partnership with others. These 
assets will benefit from the tighter politics on CO2 emissions, however, specific regulations might impact 
competitiveness and value of individual facilities.
§ Significant accounting policies
The following description of accounting principles relevant for presentation and consolidation applies to Hydro's 2025 
financial reporting, including comparative figures. The accounting policies for items covered by specific note 
disclosures are described in the relevant notes in this set of financial statements. 
Income statements and statements of comprehensive income
Hydro has elected to present a separate income statement and a separate statement of comprehensive income, 
rather than a combined statement. Further, Hydro presents an analysis of expenses based on their nature as a 
common analysis of expenses through Hydro's value chain. 
Hydro has elected to present a sub-total Earnings before financial items and tax (EBIT). This measure is also used as 
a segment profit measure. The share of the profit (loss) in equity accounted investments is included in this sub-total 
because a significant share of such investments are operationally integrated with Hydro's businesses. Results from 
such investments are managed as part of Hydro's operating activities with significant transactions between the 
majority of these investments and Hydro. Return on other equity investments is not as closely related to the business 
activities in Hydro, and hence classification as finance income better reflects the way such investments are managed.
Gains and losses on disposal of non-current assets are presented net, as well as expenditures related to provisions 
that are reimbursed by a third party. However, insurance compensation and government grants are reported on a 
gross basis.
Statements of cash flows
Hydro uses the indirect method to present cash flows from operating activities. Interest and dividends received as well 
as interest paid are included in cash flows from operating activities. Dividends paid are included in cash flows from 
financing activities.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 148

[page 149]
Note 1.2   Measurement of fair value
Hydro measures certain assets and liabilities at fair value for the purpose of recognition or disclosure. Recurring fair value 
measurement is used primarily for financial instruments, see section 8 Financial risk and financial instruments. Non-
recurring fair value measurement is used for transactions, such as business combinations, divestments with non-cash 
consideration and certain other non-routine transactions. Fair value is estimated using inputs which are to varying degree 
objectively observable. Certain items are valued on the basis of quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or 
liabilities (level 1 valuations), others are valued on the basis of inputs that are derived from observable prices (level 2 
valuations), while certain positions are valued on the basis of judgmental assumptions that are to a limited degree or not at 
all based on observable market data (level 3 valuations).
Financial instruments
The estimated fair value of Hydro's financial instruments is based on market prices and valuation techniques. Valuations 
are made with the objective to include relevant factors that market participants would consider in setting a price, and to 
apply accepted economic and financial methodologies for the pricing of financial instruments. References for less active 
markets are carefully reviewed to establish relevant and comparable data. Extrapolations and other accepted valuation 
techniques are employed in periods with few or no transactions, such as for long-term commodity contracts where no 
forward market exists, in markets with few observations beyond the short or mid-term period, and for contracts with 
variability or contingencies which are not present in observable markets.
Hydro's estimated credit spread for similar liabilities is used when determining the fair value of financial instruments where 
Hydro is net liable. Hydro determines the appropriate discount factor and credit spread for financial assets based on both 
an individual and on a portfolio assessment.
Equity securities
Fair value for unlisted shares is based on commonly accepted valuation techniques utilizing significant unobservable data, 
primarily cash flow-based models. When there are transactions in such shares, the transaction price is assessed and, to 
the extent comparable to rights embodied in the investment held by Hydro, used for reference. For investments where 
share holdings are associated with offtake rights and/or obligations or other specific clauses, those rights and obligations 
are included in the valuation of the equity securities. Fair value for listed shares or regularly traded shares is based on 
quoted market prices as of the balance sheet date.
Debt instruments
Fair value for unlisted debt instruments is estimated primarily through cash flow models using contractual cash flows 
where relevant, cash flows probable to be received for credit-impaired receivables, and discount rates reflecting the 
perceived credit risk and other relevant risks associated with the instrument. Fair value for listed instruments is based on 
quoted market prices as of the balance sheet date.
Derivatives
Fair value of financial derivatives with a currency or interest rate as underlying is estimated as the present value of future 
cash flows, calculated by reference to quoted swap price curves and exchange rates as of the balance sheet date. For 
derivatives covering a period beyond the liquid period of price curves, the curves are extrapolated using unobservable 
data. Fair value of financial derivatives with equity instruments as underlying is estimated using valuation techniques as 
described for equity securities as input to an option pricing model, which also utilizes other inputs which to varying degree 
are observable. 
Fair value of commodity derivatives is measured as the present value of future cash flows, calculated using forward 
curves and exchange rates as of the balance sheet date. Estimates from brokers and extrapolation techniques are applied 
for non-quoted products and periods to achieve the most relevant forward curve. For electricity contracts linked to specific 
production facilities, variability in production profile and price patterns are included in the valuation models. In addition, 
when deemed appropriate, correlation techniques between commodities are applied. Options are revalued using option 
pricing models, and credit spreads are applied where deemed to be significant. 
Markets are assessed to determine whether they are active for the relevant instruments. Currency and interest markets 
are considered liquid for the periods used for price references, and thus applied unadjusted. For aluminium contracts 
priced to observations at the London Metal Exchange (LME), liquidity is considered good for the first few years, with fewer 
transactions for longer durations. For electricity contracts priced to the electricity exchange Nasdaq OMX, liquidity is 
considered good for the first three years. For longer durations there are fewer transactions and higher uncertainty. Similar 
assessment is made for other markets used for price references. For less liquid periods, adjustments to remove outliers 
and extrapolation techniques are applied.
Embedded derivatives
Hydro measures embedded forward contracts that are separated from the host contract by comparing the forward curve at 
contract inception to the forward curve as of the balance sheet date. Forward curves are established as described above 
under Derivatives.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 149

[page 150]
Note 1.3   Significant events
The following significant events have impacted Hydro in 2025, or are expected to impact Hydro in 2026:
During 2025, economic growth continued to be weak in most of Hydro’s markets, while commodity prices were volatile and 
decoupled for key products such as alumina and aluminium. Global demand for aluminium increased, with uneven 
development between market segments and regions. Demand for downstream products, in particular in Europe, continues 
to be weak. Geopolitical uncertainty was high during 2025, and continued into 2026, with frequent changes in tariffs and 
trade barriers.
In response to weak markets for extruded products, in particular in Europe, five plants have been proposed for closure 
and are written down as impaired. The closure proposals for these plants were made towards the end of the year, and 
consultation with employee representatives is in process. Impairment loss and restructuring provisions have been included 
in the 2025 results, while effect of closures on operating cost and revenue is expected during 2026. 
In November 2024 Hydro announced that battery materials and green hydrogen will no longer be strategic growth areas 
for Hydro and that no further capital will be allocated. Following this decision, Hydro reviewed the value of its investments 
in the batteries business and initiated sales processes for several of the investments. During 2025, several ownership 
interest in battery activities were divested.
Note 1.4   Operating and geographic segment information
Hydro identifies its reportable segments and discloses segment information under IFRS 8 Operating Segments, which 
requires Hydro to identify its segments according to the organization and reporting structure used by management. 
Operating segments are components of a business that are evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker for 
the purpose of assessing performance and allocating resources. Hydro's chief operating decision maker is the President 
and CEO. Generally, financial information is required to be disclosed on the same basis that is used by the CEO.
Hydro's operating segments represent separately managed business areas with products serving different markets, or 
distinct elements of the business separately followed up and reported to the chief operating decision maker. Hydro's 
reportable segments are the business areas Hydro Bauxite & Alumina, Hydro Energy, Hydro Aluminium Metal and Hydro 
Extrusions, as well as the Hydro Metal Markets activities which are managed combined with Hydro Aluminium Metal.
Hydro Bauxite & Alumina activities includes bauxite mining activities, production of alumina and related commercial 
activities, primarily the sale of alumina. Alumina purchased and produced is both used internally for production of 
aluminium and sold to external customers, including other shareholders in the refinery Alunorte.
Hydro Energy includes operating and commercial responsibility for Hydro's power stations in Norway, a trading and 
wholesale business in Brazil, and energy sourcing for Hydro's world-wide operations. Energy is also responsible for 
Hydro’s hydrogen initiatives and the battery initiatives, both with reduced attention from November 2024. Hydro’s 
initiatives within other renewable energy production such as wind and solar managed by Hydro Rein, is also part of 
Energy. The Hydro Rein activities are held in a 50.1 percent owned joint venture accounted for using the equity method 
from June 2024, and was held for sale prior to completion of the agreement to establish a joint venture in June 2024.
Hydro Aluminium Metal includes primary aluminium production and casting activities. The main products are comprised of 
extrusion ingots, foundry alloys, sheet ingot and standard ingot. 
Hydro Metal Markets includes all sales activities relating to products from our primary metal plants in Aluminium Metal and 
operational responsibility for stand-alone recyclers as well as limited volumes of physical and financial metal trading 
activities. Aluminium produced by Aluminium Metal and Metal Markets is both used internally for production of extruded 
products and sold to external customers.
Hydro Extrusions delivers products within extruded profiles, building systems and precision tubing, and is operating 
several recycling facilities, both integrated with its extrusion plants and separate plants. Hydro Extrusions is present in 
about 40 countries. The products are delivered to such sectors as construction, automotive and heating, ventilation and air 
conditioning. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 150

[page 151]
Other consist of Hydro's captive insurance company Industriforsikring and internal service providers. Unallocated 
corporate activities are reported as part of Other.
Operating segment information
Hydro uses two measures of segment results, Earnings before financial items and tax – EBIT, and EBITDA. EBIT is 
consistent with the same measure for the group, considering the principles for measuring certain intersegment 
transactions and contracts described below. Hydro defines EBITDA as EBIT plus depreciation, amortization and 
impairment of tangible and intangible fixed assets, less investment grants received. Hydro's definition of EBITDA may be 
different from other companies. The two measures represent results with and without the charge for historic investments in 
production capacity and other fixed assets and are considered complementary. 
Because Hydro manages long-term debt and taxes on a group basis, Income before tax and Net income is presented only 
for the group as a whole.
Intersegment sales and transfers reflect our estimate of arm's length prices as if sold or transferred to third parties at the 
time of inception of the internal contract, which may cover several years. Electricity prices are agreed long term in 
contracts with up to 25 years’ duration. Sale of alumina from Bauxite & Alumina to Aluminium Metal for use in the 
aluminium production is priced with reference to an alumina spot price index, with a time delay of one month prior to 
delivery, with internal price reflecting the annual average independent of delivery pattern. For a portion of about 25 percent 
of the expected consumption, a fixed price is agreed 2-3 years prior to delivery to align the pricing with the derivatives 
managing risk in aluminium price and currency rates for the nearest three years, referred to as the Integrated hedge 
program. From 2025, the internal alumina price for this portion also has a link to the price for caustic soda, a significant 
input factor in production of alumina. Sale of aluminium from Aluminium Metal to Metal Markets for resale to internal and 
external customers of casthouse products is priced at the average price in the month prior to delivery, reflecting 
predominant pricing practice in the product market.  
Premiums for lower carbon footprint is incorporated in the prices for alumina and aluminium, reflecting pricing strategies to 
customers. 
Transfers of businesses or fixed assets within or between Hydro's segments are reported without recognizing gains or 
losses. 
Results of activities not considered part of Hydro's main operations as well as unallocated revenues, expenses, liabilities 
and assets are reported together with Other under the caption Other and eliminations.
§ Significant accounting policies
The accounting policies used for segment reporting reflect those used for the group. The following exceptions apply 
for intersegment transactions: 
◦ Internal commodity contracts may meet the definition of a financial instrument in IFRS 9 Financial Instruments or 
contain embedded derivatives that are required to be reported separately and valued at fair value under IFRS 9. 
However, Hydro considers these contracts as sourcing of raw materials or sale of own production, and accounts 
for such internal contracts as executory contracts. 
◦ Certain other internal contracts may contain a lease arrangement. However, the segment reporting reflects the 
responsibility allocated by Hydro's management for those assets, and no internal lease arrangement is identified. 
The following tables include information about Hydro's operating segments.
External revenue Internal revenue
Share of the profit (loss) in equity 
accounted investments
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Hydro Bauxite & Alumina  34 470  37 611  16 133  16 608  (36)  (153) 
Hydro Energy  4 986  3 690  7 568  6 899  (830)  (1 413) 
Hydro Aluminium Metal  14 762  15 331  42 438  40 155  1 067  1 020 
Hydro Metal Markets  75 675  71 942  10 344  9 449  1  (3) 
Hydro Extrusions  78 062  75 046  364  87  -  - 
Other and eliminations  16  15  (76 847)  (73 197)  (81)  32 
Total  207 971  203 636  -  -  121  (516) 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 151

[page 152]
Depreciation, amortization and 
impairment ¹⁾ EBIT ²⁾ EBITDA
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Hydro Bauxite & Alumina  3 069  2 938  6 130  7 911  9 198  10 849 
Hydro Energy  527  232  3 617  2 886  4 082  3 118 
Hydro Aluminium Metal  3 198  2 862  7 036  6 963  10 145  9 733 
Hydro Metal Markets  698  698  (612)  750  80  1 443 
Hydro Extrusions  3 855  3 320  (1 734)  532  2 099  3 836 
Other and eliminations  129  120  (36)  (2 556)  93  (2 436) 
Total  11 476  10 170  14 401  16 487  25 696  26 543 
1 Depreciation, amortization and impairment: Amounts include impairment, see note 2.5 Impairment of non-current assets.
2 Total segment Earnings before financial items and tax is the same as Hydro group's total Earnings before financial items and tax. Financial income 
and financial expenses are not allocated to the segments. There are no reconciling items between segment Earnings before financial items and tax 
to Hydro Earnings before financial items and tax. Therefore, a separate reconciling table is not presented.
Non-current assets Total assets ³⁾ Investments ⁴⁾
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Hydro Bauxite & Alumina  28 395  29 147  37 982  42 452  3 514  4 322 
Hydro Energy  15 680  16 883  18 765  19 386  979  5 973 
Hydro Aluminium Metal  39 115  39 866  61 599  64 122  5 038  5 401 
Hydro Metal Markets  8 304  7 883  25 057  22 639  1 258  1 138 
Hydro Extrusions  27 820  30 713  47 638  50 875  3 267  4 125 
Other and eliminations  7 503  7 254  17 254  7 897  79  75 
Total  126 816  131 747  208 296  207 371  14 135  21 034 
3 Total assets exclude internal cash pool accounts and accounts receivable related to group relief.
4 Additions to property, plant and equipment (capital expenditures) plus long-term securities, intangible assets, long-term advances and investments 
in equity accounted investments, including amounts recognized in business combinations.
Amounts in NOK million EBIT
Depreciation, 
amortization and 
impairment
Investment 
grants EBITDA
EBIT - EBITDA 2025
Hydro Bauxite & Alumina  6 130  3 069  (2)  9 198 
Hydro Energy  3 617  527  (62)  4 082 
Hydro Aluminium Metal  7 036  3 198  (89)  10 145 
Hydro Metal Markets  (612)  698  (7)  80 
Hydro Extrusions  (1 734)  3 855  (22)  2 099 
Other and eliminations  (36)  129  -  93 
Total  14 401  11 476  (181)  25 696 
Amounts in NOK million EBIT
Depreciation, 
amortization and 
impairment
Investment 
grants EBITDA
EBIT - EBITDA 2024
Hydro Bauxite & Alumina  7 911  2 938  -  10 849 
Hydro Energy  2 886  232  -  3 118 
Hydro Aluminium Metal  6 963  2 862  (92)  9 733 
Hydro Metal Markets  750  698  (6)  1 443 
Hydro Extrusions  532  3 320  (16)  3 836 
Other and eliminations  (2 556)  120  -  (2 436) 
Total  16 487  10 170  (114)  26 543 
The identification of assets, non-current assets and investments is based on location of operation. Included in non-current 
assets are investments in equity accounted investments; property, plant and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation) 
and non-current financial assets. 
Operating revenues are identified by customer location.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 152

[page 153]
Revenue Non-current assets Investments ¹⁾
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Norway  12 190  7 831  41 761  41 632  4 171  8 514 
Germany  19 770  20 121  3 585  3 949  199  242 
Poland  8 821  8 103  3 571  3 541  407  320 
Spain  8 137  7 996  1 925  1 297  837  403 
France  8 117  8 129  1 859  2 471  217  229 
Italy  6 255  6 147  775  690  144  114 
Sweden  4 404  3 858  743  740  63  150 
Austria  3 684  3 605  756  772  81  44 
Czech Republic  2 926  2 443  1  2  -  1 
Belgium  2 522  2 363  806  771  143  80 
The Netherlands  2 248  2 206  751  801  55  51 
Portugal  1 904  1 851  143  158  6  26 
Denmark  1 518  1 383  1 163  1 095  224  410 
Hungary  922  684  3 012  3 038  261  953 
Other EU  4 516  5 121  548  574  83  82 
Total EU  75 743  74 009  19 637  19 899  2 720  3 105 
United Kingdom  4 882  6 467  631  970  94  62 
Switzerland  14 342  15 771  117  155  10  146 
Turkey  3 291  2 526  6  4  5  2 
Other Europe  788  675  1  -  1  - 
Total Europe  111 235  107 278  62 153  62 661  7 001  11 829 
1 Additions to property, plant and equipment (capital expenditures) plus long-term securities, intangible assets, long-term advances and investments 
in equity accounted investments, including amounts recognized in business combinations.
Revenue Non-current assets Investments¹⁾
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
USA  46 374  41 457  12 676  14 307  1 434  1 867 
Brazil  6 910  9 768  35 421  35 835  5 104  6 543 
Canada  4 806  8 324  2 673  2 908  365  551 
Mexico  2 572  2 584  182  192  6  18 
Other America  1 686  516  27  55  3  16 
Japan  7 495  7 069  2  2  1  - 
China & Hong Kong  5 494  7 202  891  979  115  95 
Bahrain  3 258  3 233  318  419  2  2 
Singapore  2 929  2 546  6  15  -  7 
South Korea  2 952  2 297  -  -  -  - 
India  1 739  1 598  32  20  7  6 
United Arab Emirates  1 660  1 520  12  -  -  - 
Thailand  1 670  1 426  -  -  -  - 
Qatar  1 372  1 162  12 346  14 169  -  - 
Taiwan  988  1 094  -  -  -  - 
Other Asia  2 409  1 965  -  1  -  - 
Australia and New Zealand  1 540  1 373  77  183  98  99 
Africa  880  1 224  -  -  -  - 
Total outside Europe  96 736  96 357  64 663  69 086  7 134  9 206 
Total  207 971  203 636  126 816  131 747  14 135  21 034 
1 Additions to property, plant and equipment (capital expenditures) plus long-term securities, intangible assets, long-term advances and investments 
in equity accounted investments, including amounts recognized in business combinations.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 153

[page 154]
Note 1.5   Significant subsidiaries and changes to the group
§ Significant accounting policies 
Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include Norsk Hydro ASA and subsidiaries, which are entities in which Hydro 
has the power to govern the financial and operating policies of the entity (control). Control is normally achieved 
through ownership, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 percent of the voting power. Currently, Hydro has more than 
50 percent of the voting power in close to all subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are included from the date control commences 
until the date control ceases.
Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Profit and loss resulting from intercompany 
transactions have been eliminated.
Non-controlling interests
Non-controlling interests represent equity interests in subsidiaries held by other owners than Hydro. Non-controlling 
interests are reported as a separate section of the Group's equity in accordance with IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial 
Statements. Results attributed to non-controlling interests are based on ownership interest, or other method of 
allocation if required by contract.
Transactions between non-controlling shareholders and the group
Sales and purchases of equity interests and equity contributions not resulting in Hydro gaining or losing control of a 
subsidiary are reported as equity transactions in accordance with IFRS 10. No gain, loss or remeasurement of values 
of recognized assets, liabilities or goodwill are recognized as a result of such transactions.
Foreign currency translation
For consolidation purposes, the financial statements of subsidiaries with a functional currency other than Norwegian 
kroner (NOK) are translated into NOK. Assets and liabilities, including investment in associates, joint ventures and 
goodwill, are translated using the rate of exchange as of the balance sheet date. Income, expenses and cash flows 
are translated using the average exchange rate on a monthly basis. Goodwill is recognized in the predominant 
functional currencies in the acquired businesses. Translation adjustments are recognized in Other comprehensive 
income and accumulated in Currency translation differences in Other components of equity. On disposal of such 
subsidiary, joint venture or associate, the cumulative translation adjustment of the disposed entity is recognized in the 
income statement as part of the gain or loss on disposal.
Business combinations
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method in accordance with IFRS 3 Business 
Combinations. Consideration is the sum of the fair values, as of the date of exchange, of the assets transferred, 
liabilities incurred or assumed, and equity instruments issued in exchange for control of the acquiree. The fair value of 
Hydro's pre-existing ownership interest in an acquiree is included in the consideration, with any gain or loss 
recognized in Other income, net.
The acquiree's identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities are recognized separately at the acquisition date 
at their fair value irrespective of any non-controlling interest, and goodwill recognized to the extent the consideration 
exceeds identified net assets.
The interest of non-controlling shareholders in the acquiree is initially measured as the non-controlling interests' 
proportion of the fair value of the net assets recognized (partial goodwill method, see note 2.3 Goodwill
). Non-
controlling interests are subsequently adjusted for changes in equity of the subsidiary after the acquisition date
Assets held for sale and Income from discontinued operations
Assets held for sale are reported separately in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and 
Discontinued Operations, provided that the sale is highly probable, which includes the criteria that management is 
committed to the sale, and that the sale will be completed within one year. Assets held for sale are not depreciated 
but are measured at the lower of carrying value and the fair value less costs to sell for the asset group. Assets are not 
reclassified in prior period balance sheets. Immaterial disposal groups are not reclassified.
A discontinued operation is a component of Hydro that is held for sale or has been disposed of. A discontinued 
operation is a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations. Related cash flows, results of 
operations and gain or loss from disposal are reported separately as Income (loss) from discontinued operations.
Assets held for sale, liabilities in disposal groups and income and expense from discontinued operations are excluded 
from specifications presented in the notes unless otherwise stated.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 154

[page 155]
! Significant judgment in determining whether an entity is a controlled subsidiary or not
Control is derived from rights. The majority of Hydro’s subsidiaries are clearly controlled through ownership of all, 
or a significant majority or, the voting shares. For some companies, control is analyzed through understanding the 
rights derived from the combination of voting shares held by Hydro and other shareholders, and agreements 
influencing how business decisions are made, mainly in the form of shareholder agreements. Hydro has no 
significant subsidiaries where Hydro does not hold the majority of voting shares. In some subsidiaries, non-
controlling interests holds significant decision rights through the combination of significant, though not majority, of 
ownership interests, and requirements for affirmative vote set out in shareholder agreements. For all of these 
subsidiaries, Hydro has carefully analyzed the decision-making process and concluded that the rights allocated to 
Hydro are sufficient to direct the activities most important for the entities’ return, and thus supports the conclusion 
that those entities are subsidiaries. Assessment related to the more significant such subsidiaries are discussed 
below.   
! Significant judgment in accounting for business combinations
In a business combination, consideration, assets and liabilities are recognized at estimated fair value, and any 
excess purchase price included in goodwill. Where Hydro had an existing ownership interest in the acquiree, that 
interest is also reassessed to determine its acquisition date estimated fair value, resulting in an acquisition date 
gain or loss. In the businesses Hydro operates, fair values of individual assets and liabilities are normally not 
readily observable in active markets. Estimation of fair values requires the use of valuation models for acquired 
assets and liabilities as well as ownership interests. Such valuations are subject to numerous assumptions and are 
thus uncertain. The quality of fair value estimates may impact periodic depreciation and amortization of fixed 
assets, and assessment of possible impairment of assets and/or goodwill in future periods.
Subsidiaries with significant non-controlling interests
The Hydro group consists of about 120 companies in about 40 countries. Most subsidiaries, including the large operating 
units in Norway, are 100 percent owned, directly or indirectly, by Norsk Hydro ASA. A list of significant subsidiaries is 
included in note 7 Shares in subsidiaries
 to the separate accounts of Norsk Hydro ASA later in this report. Restrictions in 
the ability to transfer dividend based on reported results and/or equity in the relevant subsidiaries exist in most countries 
where we operate. In some countries, including Brazil, there are also legal restrictions in our ability to integrate cash 
holdings in subsidiaries in the group’s cash pool. There are non-controlling interests in some subsidiaries. The more 
significant ones are described below. 
Alunorte
As of the end of 2025, Hydro holds 62 percent of the shares in the Brazilian alumina refinery Alumina do Norte do Brasil 
S.A. (Alunorte), which is part of Hydro Bauxite & Alumina. Non-controlling owners have significant influence on certain 
decisions in the entity, including operational and investment budgets. The non-controlling interests in Alunorte amounted 
to NOK 3,862 million as of December 31, 2025 and NOK 2,367 million as of December 31, 2024. Funds held by the entity 
are not available to the group through cash pool arrangements. Dividends need to be approved by the shareholders 
jointly. The shareholder agreement supports transfer of dividend to the extent possible under statutory regulations. The 
refinery produces alumina, which is sold to its shareholders in proportion to ownership interest at a price based on 
prevailing alumina prices.
Albras
Hydro holds 51 percent of the shares in the Brazilian aluminium smelter Alumínio Brasileiro S.A. (Albras), which is part of 
Hydro Aluminium Metal. The non-controlling owner has significant influence on certain decisions in the entity, including 
operational and investment budgets. The non-controlling interests in Albras amounted to NOK 2,251 million as of 
December 31, 2025 and NOK 2,354 million as of December 31, 2024. Funds held by the entity are not available to the 
group through cash pool arrangements. Dividends need to be approved by the shareholders jointly. The shareholder 
agreement supports transfer of dividend to the extent possible under statutory regulations. The smelter produces standard 
ingots, which are sold to its shareholders, or the entities appointed by the shareholders, in proportion to ownership interest 
at a price based on prevailing aluminium prices at the London Metal Exchange. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 155

[page 156]
Slovalco
Hydro holds 55 percent of the total shares and 60 percent of the voting interest in the Slovak aluminium plant Slovalco a.s, 
which is part of Hydro Aluminium Metal. The non-controlling owner has significant influence on certain decisions in the 
entity, including operational and investment budgets. The non-controlling interests in Slovalco amounted to NOK 1,139 
million as of December 31, 2025 and NOK 1,223 million as of December 31, 2024. Funds held by the entity are not 
available to the group through cash pool arrangements. Dividends need to be approved by the shareholders jointly. The 
shareholder agreement supports transfer of dividend to the extent possible under statutory regulations. The plant currently 
produces casthouse products.
The table below summarizes key figures for Alunorte and Albras as included in the group financial statements. Fair value 
adjustments from Hydro’s acquisition of the subsidiaries are included. Intercompany transactions and balances are 
included, and any internal profit and loss in inventory and fixed assets purchased from group companies are not 
eliminated in the numbers below.
Alunorte Albras
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024 2025 2024
Revenue  25 719  29 827  12 654  12 125 
Earnings before financial items and tax  3 367  6 767  50  (1 348) 
Net income  2 873  1 598  (21)  (1 860) 
Other comprehensive income  160  (1 574)  391  (1 123) 
Total comprehensive income  3 034  24  370  (2 983) 
Net cash flows from operating activities  4 180  5 724  780  (381) 
Net cash flows from investing activities  (2 044)  (2 263)  (1 511)  (1 495) 
Net cash flows from financing activities  (3 603)  (1 806)  962  1 849 
Cash and cash equivalents  1 149  2 616  973  743 
Other current assets  3 634  4 552  2 970  3 724 
Non-current assets  18 056  19 041  7 453  7 214 
Current liabilities  (7 600)  (8 762)  (3 227)  (4 081) 
Non-current liabilities  (5 022)  (9 905)  (3 554)  (2 754) 
Equity attributable to Hydro  (6 348)  (4 692)  (2 338)  (2 589) 
Equity attributable to non-controlling interests  (3 869)  (2 850)  (2 278)  (2 257) 
Share of net income attributable to non-controlling interest  1 075  601  (10)  (904) 
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests  135  -  -  - 
Assets held for sale
In October 2023, Hydro entered into an agreement with Macquarie Asset Management to sell 49.9 percent of Hydro’s 
renewable energy company, Hydro Rein. Hydro own 50.1 percent of the company, and Rein has been established as a 
joint venture based on the governance structure. Closing of the transaction took place on June 24, 2024. The gross value 
of Hydro’s ownership interest was valued at NOK 3.8 billion, resulting in a gross gain of NOK 570 million. According to 
Hydro’s accounting policy, the relative share of ownership retained by Hydro was eliminated as an unrealized gain. The 
recognized gain was thus NOK 321 million, including recycling of currency translation effects previously recognized in 
Other Comprehensive Income of NOK 36 million. The gain is included in Other Income, net, and is included in Hydro 
Energy. Loans from Hydro to Rein of NOK 1.8 billion was repaid as part of the transaction. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 156

[page 157]
Section 2 – Long-lived assets
Note 2.1   Property, plant and equipment
§ Accounting policies for property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment (PP&E) is recognized at acquisition cost. The carrying value of PP&E is comprised of 
the historical cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. The carrying value also 
includes the estimated value of the asset retirement obligation upon initial recognition of the liability. Hydro uses the 
cost model for PP&E.
Capitalized maintenance
Expenditures for maintenance and repairs applicable to production facilities are capitalized in accordance with IAS 16 
Property, Plant and Equipment when such costs are incurred on a scheduled basis with a time interval of greater than 
one year. Expenditures that regularly occur at shorter intervals are expensed as incurred. Major replacements and 
renewals are capitalized and any assets replaced are retired.
Stripping cost
Stripping costs incurred during the mining production phase are allocated between cost of inventory produced and the 
existing mine asset. Stripping costs are allocated as a component of the mine asset in the event they represent 
significantly improved access to ore. Stripping costs include such activities as removal of vegetation as well as 
digging the actual pit for mining the ore.
Capitalized interest
Hydro capitalizes borrowing costs on qualifying assets in accordance with IAS 23 Borrowing Costs. Currency gains or 
losses related to Hydro's foreign currency denominated borrowings are not capitalized.
Hydro’s property, plant and equipment
The main components of Hydro’s property, plant and equipment is production related machinery and buildings in Hydro’s 
more than 100 operating plants. PP&E includes leased assets, see note 2.6 Leases.
Amounts in NOK million
Land and 
buildings
Machinery and 
equipment
Assets under 
construction Total
Cost
December 31, 2023  38 628  101 242  14 116  153 986 
Additions  817  1 976  11 737  14 531 
Acquisitions through business combinations  7  103  94  204 
Disposals  (383)  (2 805)  4  (3 183) 
Companies sold  (80)  (62)  (2)  (144) 
Transfers  2 135  9 188  (11 323)  - 
Changes to Assets held for sale  (5)  -  (21)  (27) 
Foreign currency translation effect  (330)  (2 107)  (377)  (2 815) 
December 31, 2024  40 789  107 536  14 227  162 552 
Additions  358  2 717  10 046  13 120 
Disposals  (431)  (1 750)  (3)  (2 184) 
Transfers  1 874  9 603  (11 478)  - 
Foreign currency translation effect  (1 015)  (3 209)  (239)  (4 463) 
December 31, 2025  41 575  114 897  12 552  169 025 
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
December 31, 2023  (18 576)  (60 087)  (342)  (79 005) 
Depreciation for the year  (1 594)  (7 958)  -  (9 552) 
Impairment losses  -  (25)  (14)  (39) 
Disposals  284  2 533  -  2 817 
Companies sold  38  71  -  109 
Transfers  (29)  (237)  265  - 
Changes to Assets held for sale  -  3  14  17 
Foreign currency translation effect  160  858  19  1 038 
December 31, 2024  (19 717)  (64 841)  (57)  (84 615) 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 157

[page 158]
Amounts in NOK million
Land and 
buildings
Machinery and 
equipment
Assets under 
construction Total
Depreciation for the year  (1 642)  (8 143)  -  (9 785) 
Impairment losses  (59)  (682)  (227)  (967) 
Disposals  159  1 733  -  1 892 
Transfers  (7)  (16)  23  - 
Foreign currency translation effect  535  2 041  7  2 583 
December 31, 2025  (20 730)  (69 908)  (254)  (90 892) 
Carrying value
December 31, 2024  21 072  42 695  14 170  77 937 
December 31, 2025  20 845  44 989  12 298  78 132 
Note 2.2   Intangible assets
§ Accounting policies for intangible assets
Intangible assets acquired individually or as a group are recognized at cost when acquired. Intangible assets acquired 
in a business combination are recognized at fair value separately from goodwill when they arise from contractual or 
legal rights or can be separated from the acquired entity and sold or transferred.
Emission rights
Government granted and purchased CO2 emission allowances expected to be used towards Hydro's own emissions 
are recognized as intangible assets at nominal value (cost). The amounts are not amortized but are tested for 
impairment. Actual CO2 emissions which exceed the level covered by emission rights are recognized as a liability. Any 
sale of excess emission rights is recognized at the time of sale at the transaction price. CO2 emission allowances 
purchased for trading are measured and classified as inventory.
Research and development
Research expenditures are expensed as incurred. Development costs are capitalized as intangible assets at cost in 
accordance with IAS 38 Intangible Assets when the recognition criteria are met, including probable future economic 
benefit and that the cost can be measured reliably.
To the extent development costs are directly contributing to the construction of a fixed asset, the development costs 
are capitalized as part of the asset provided all criteria for capitalizing the cost are met. Costs incurred during the 
preliminary project stage, as well as maintenance costs, are expensed as incurred.
Exploration cost
Exploration cost for mineral resources are expensed as incurred. Costs related to acquired exploration rights are 
allocated to the relevant areas and capitalized. An area represents a unit that may be utilized based on shared 
infrastructure and may include several licenses. Exploration rights are transferred to mine development cost when 
development starts. Amortization of transferred mineral rights starts when extraction of the resources starts. 
Exploration rights related to undeveloped areas remain on the balance sheet as intangible assets (mineral rights) until 
a development is decided or a decision not to develop the area is made.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 158

[page 159]
! Significant judgment in accounting for research and development
In assessing whether activities should be accounted for as research expenditures or capitalized as development 
costs, significant judgment is applied in evaluating the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset and 
how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits.
Hydro’s intangible assets
Hydro holds intangible assets mainly as complementary resources to its physical assets. Waterfall rights are fundamental 
for production of hydroelectrical power, however, a significant share of such rights was granted to Hydro rather than 
purchased. A significant share of acquired waterfall rights have indefinite life and are thus not amortized. Mineral rights are 
undeveloped rights related to Hydro’s mining operations in Brazil. Technology includes technology identified in acquisitions 
and internally developed proprietary technology. Other intangible assets include customer relations and other intangible 
assets identified in acquisitions.
See
 note 10.2 Research and development for information regarding expensed research expenditures. 
Amounts in NOK million
Intangible 
assets 
under 
developme
nt
Mineral 
and 
waterfall 
rights Software Technology
Acquired 
sourcing 
contracts
Other 
intangible 
assets Total
Cost
December 31, 2023  85  1 079  1 404  2 293  962  3 367  9 190 
Additions  69  12  5  -  -  123  210 
Acquisitions through business combinations  -  -  -  35  -  78  113 
Disposals  -  (122)  (85)  -  (842)  (103)  (1 152) 
Transfers  (72)  -  44  3  -  25  - 
Changes in Assets held for sale  (2)  -  -  -  -  -  (2) 
Foreign currency translation effect  -  (101)  12  91  (118)  244  129 
December 31, 2024  80  868  1 381  2 421  2  3 734  8 487 
Additions  244  (33)  25  -  -  114  350 
Disposals  -  -  (8)  -  (2)  (58)  (68) 
Transfers  (80)  -  76  1  -  3  - 
Foreign currency translation effect  -  (4)  (28)  (61)  -  (129)  (223) 
December 31, 2025  244  831  1 446  2 362  -  3 663  8 546 
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
December 31, 2023  -  (173)  (1 041)  (1 343)  (875)  (1 061)  (4 493) 
Amortization for the year ¹⁾  -  (4)  (92)  (216)  (81)  (267)  (660) 
Disposals  -  122  86  -  842  (8)  1 042 
Transfers  -  -  2  (2)  -  -  - 
Foreign currency translation effect  -  17  (2)  (75)  114  (93)  (38) 
December 31, 2024  -  (38)  (1 046)  (1 635)  -  (1 430)  (4 149) 
Amortization for the year ¹⁾  -  (3)  (94)  (168)  (2)  (278)  (544) 
Impairment loss  -  -  -  (2)  -  (180)  (181) 
Disposals  -  -  10  -  2  -  12 
Foreign currency translation effect  -  -  21  51  -  76  149 
December 31, 2025  -  (41)  (1 109)  (1 754)  -  (1 811)  (4 714) 
Carrying value
December 31, 2024  80  830  336  786  2  2 305  4 338 
December 31, 2025  244  790  337  608  -  1 853  3 832 
1 Amortization of a sourcing contract is reported as Raw material and energy expense in the income statement.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 159

[page 160]
Note 2.3   Goodwill
§ Accounting policies for goodwill
Goodwill is recognized as a part of business combinations. Goodwill is initially measured either as the excess of the 
consideration over Hydro's interest in the fair value of the acquiree's identifiable net assets (partial goodwill), or as the 
fair value of 100 percent of the acquiree in excess of the acquiree's identifiable net assets (full goodwill). The method 
is elected on a transaction-by-transaction basis. Hydro has applied the partial goodwill method for all business 
combinations completed prior to December 31, 2025. Goodwill is not amortized, but is tested for impairment annually, 
and more frequently if indicators of possible impairment are observed, in accordance with IAS 36 Impairment of 
Assets. Goodwill is allocated to the cash generating units or groups of cash generating units expected to benefit from 
the synergies of the combination and that are monitored for internal management purposes. Impairment losses 
relating to goodwill cannot be reversed in future periods. Historic cost and accumulated impairment loss is 
derecognized when the goodwill is fully impaired.
Hydro’s goodwill
Goodwill allocated to Hydro Extrusions was recognized in the acquisition of Sapa AS in 2017. Goodwill allocated to Hydro 
Metal Markets was recognized in acquisitions undertaken more than 20 years ago. Goodwill allocated to Hydro Bauxite & 
Alumina was fully impaired in 2023 and cannot be reversed.  
Amounts in NOK million
Hydro 
Extrusions
Hydro Bauxite & 
Alumina
Hydro Metal 
Markets Other Total
Cost
December 31, 2023  4 484  2 159  469  -  7 112 
Acquisitions through business combinations  -  -  -  16  16 
Derecognition of fully impaired Goodwill  -  (2 190)  -  -  (2 190) 
Foreign currency translation effect  424  31  49  -  504 
December 31, 2024  4 908  -  518  16  5 441 
Foreign currency translation effect  (377)  -  (47)  -  (424) 
December 31, 2025  4 531  -  470  16  5 017 
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
December 31, 2023  (1 202)  (2 159)  -  -  (3 361) 
Derecognition of fully impaired Goodwill  -  2 190  -  -  2 190 
Foreign currency translation effect  (142)  (31)  -  -  (173) 
December 31, 2024  (1 343)  -  -  -  (1 343) 
Foreign currency translation effect  153  -  -  -  153 
December 31, 2025  (1 191)  -  -  -  (1 191) 
Carrying value
December 31, 2024  3 564  -  518  16  4 098 
December 31, 2025  3 340  -  470  16  3 826 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 160

[page 161]
Note 2.4   Depreciation and amortization expense
§ Accounting policies for depreciation and amortization
Depreciation and amortization expenses are measured on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the 
asset, commencing when the asset is ready for its intended use. Mine property and development costs in extractive 
activities are depreciated using the unit-of-production method, using proved and probable reserves. Tangible and 
intangible assets with an indefinite useful life are not depreciated. Estimated useful life by category is as follows:
◦ Machinery and equipment, initial investment 4-30 years, for power plants up to 75 years
◦ Machinery and equipment, capitalized maintenance 1-15 years
◦ Buildings 20-50 years
◦ Intangible assets with finite lives 3-10 years, for rights related to hydroelectric power production up to 50 years
A component of an item of property, plant and equipment with a significantly differing useful life and a cost that is 
significant in relation to the item is depreciated separately. At each financial year-end Hydro reviews the residual 
value and useful life of its assets, with any estimate changes accounted for prospectively over the remaining useful 
life of the asset.
! Significant judgment in accounting for depreciation and amortization expense
Significant judgment is applied in the assessment of the useful life of the assets in Hydro’s operations. Useful life 
may be shorter than technical remaining life. Expected life is influenced by technology development, including 
when new technology with lower or zero emissions becomes available and when such technologies may make 
existing assets obsolete. Our estimate is that phasing in of new technology will not significantly impact producing 
assets until after 2030, when we expect lower emission technologies to become available at industrial scale. 
Physical climate risk such as changes to weather patterns and severity of rain, wind, flooding, and other events 
may impact our assessment. Hydro has not identified material assets expected to have a significantly shorter life 
due to climate-related risks.
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Buildings  1 642  1 594 
Machinery and equipment  8 143  7 958 
Intangible assets  543  580 
Depreciation and amortization expense  10 328  10 131 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 161

[page 162]
Note 2.5   Impairment of non-current assets
§ Accounting policies for impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in 
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable, in accordance with IAS 36 Impairment of 
Assets. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite life are required to be tested for impairment annually, in addition 
to any tests required when impairment indicators are determined to be present. Hydro has elected to do the annual 
impairment test of goodwill in the fourth quarter. Exploration cost for undeveloped mining areas is assessed for 
impairment under IFRS 6 Exploration for and Evaluation of Mineral Resources. 
When a Cash Generating Unit (CGU) or an asset is tested for impairment, the recoverable amount is estimated as the 
higher of the CGU’s fair value less cost of disposal, or its value in use. The carrying amount is not recoverable if it 
exceeds the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognized in the amount that the carrying value exceeds its 
recoverable amount. Losses are reversed in the event of a subsequent increase in the recoverable amount of an 
impaired asset, however, impairment of goodwill is not reversed.
! Significant judgment in accounting for impairment of non-current assets
IAS 36 requires that Hydro assess conditions that could cause an asset or a CGU to become impaired. The 
identification of CGUs involves judgment, including assessment of where active markets exist, and the level of 
interdependency of cash inflows. For Hydro, the CGU is either the individual plant, a group of plants that forms an 
integrated value chain where no independent prices for the intermediate products exist, a group of plants that are 
combined and managed to serve a common market, or a group of assets where circumstances otherwise indicate 
significant interdependencies. Assessing which indicators that may cause a CGU to be impaired includes such 
conditions as the macroeconomic environment impacting prices, supply and demand, significant changes in 
Hydro's planned use of the assets or expected changes to technology, regulations, or other frame conditions. All of 
these changes may impact the combination of product prices, raw material cost and energy cost, resulting in 
changes to the production margin to cover the carrying value of net assets in the CGU. Expected or reasonably 
possible climate and environmental changes as well as regulatory changes responding to such changes, impacts 
the assessment of financial viability and remaining useful life. Such factors are assessed in the same way as 
uncertain market prices for input factors and products, impacting cash flow estimates used for the tests.
Directly observable market prices rarely exist for our assets. However, fair value may be estimated based on 
recent transactions on comparable assets, internal models used by Hydro for transactions involving the same type 
of assets or other relevant information. For assets expected to be sold, the recoverable amount is determined as 
fair value less cost of disposal. The value estimate for such assets are considered level 3 in the fair value 
hierarchy, i.e. valued on the basis of unobservable market data. Calculation of value in use is a discounted cash 
flow calculation based on continued use of the assets in their present condition, excluding potential exploitation of 
improvement or expansion potential, and including certain entity specific synergies or other positions.
Determination of the recoverable amount involves management estimates on highly uncertain matters, such as 
commodity prices and their impact on markets and prices for upgraded products, development in demand, 
inflation, operating expenses and tax and legal systems. We use internal business plans, quoted market prices, 
external market and industry analysis and our best estimate of long-term development in commodity prices and 
production margins, currency rates, discount rates and other relevant information. Hydro’s long-term assumptions 
for key prices and rates, such as prices on aluminium, alumina and key energy carriers, macroeconomic 
development and certain other key factors for our production facilities is important input to the analysis. This set of 
assumptions reflects megatrends such as the green transition and Hydro’s view on relative strength of our 
products compared to alternative materials, development in prices and cost, growth expectations and other 
relevant factors. These planning assumptions are consistent with Hydro’s strategy and the aim to limit global 
warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius as expressed in the Paris agreement. Our assumptions are one set of possible 
financial effect of achieving this goal. Other alternative paths may be more or less beneficial to Hydro’s 
businesses.  
A detailed forecast of net cash flows is developed for a period of five years with projections thereafter, reflecting 
our view of the business cycle. Certain replacement investments are specifically modelled based on individual 
assets’ expected useful life. Hydro does not include a general growth factor to volumes for the purpose of 
impairment tests, however, cash flows are generally increased by expected inflation and, where market conditions 
are depressed, we consider whether full or partial market recovery towards previously observed volumes is 
justified. Estimated cash flows are discounted with a nominal risk adjusted discount rate specific for the business 
activity and country. Uncertainty related to world economic development, inflation rates, interest rates, and 
competitiveness of Hydro’s products are impacting demand and prices for Hydro’s key products and input factors, 
for which assumptions are incorporated in the estimated cash flows for assets and CGUs tested for impairment.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 162

[page 163]
Tests performed in 2025 and 2024 
Tests for impairment have been performed for all CGUs with mandatory annual tests and the CGUs where impairment 
indicators have been identified. The recoverable amounts for these units have been determined estimating the Value in 
Use (VIU) of the asset and/or, if appropriate, its fair value less cost of disposal (FV), and comparing the highest of the two 
against the carrying value of the CGUs. The calculation of VIU has been based on management's best estimate, reflecting 
Hydro's business planning process. The discount rates are derived as the weighted average cost of capital (WACC) for a 
similar business in the same business environment, on an over-the-business-cycle view, using 10 years government bond 
rates, a US equity risk premium, credit spreads and country risk premiums. Beta estimates are reviewed from time to time, 
considering actual Hydro share observations versus different market indices, analysis of selected peers and external 
views. Credit spreads are based on Hydro’s credit spreads, while country risk is based on the premiums published by the 
Swedish Export Credit Agency EKN. The post-tax rates are converted to pre-tax rates using the nominal tax rates in the 
relevant countries. For Hydro's businesses the pre-tax nominal discount rate is estimated as of the end of November at 
between 9.25 percent and 11,75 percent (2024: 8.5-11.0 percent). The higher rates are applicable for assets within 
Extrusions in Precision Tubing, while the lower rates are applicable for assets within Extrusions in Europe. 
Hydro has incurred the following impairment losses during 2025 and 2024:
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Classification by asset category
Impairment losses
Property, plant and equipment  967  39 
Other intangible assets  181  - 
Total impairment of non-current assets  1 148  39 
Classification by segment
Impairment losses
Hydro Energy  265  17 
Hydro Aluminium Metal  182  - 
Hydro Metal Markets  17  - 
Hydro Extrusions  684  22 
Total impairment of non-current assets  1 148  39 
Goodwill is allocated to CGUs or groups of CGUs as shown in the following table:
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
 Extrusion North America (Hydro Extrusions)  1 631  1 840 
 Extrusion Europe (Hydro Extrusions)  924  925 
 Building Systems (Hydro Extrusions)  617  620 
 Precision Tubing (Hydro Extrusions)  169  179 
 Recycling (Hydro Metal Markets)  470  518 
 Other  16  16 
 Total goodwill  3 826  4 098 
Annual mandatory impairment tests
Hydro Extrusions
Goodwill in Hydro Extrusions is allocated to four groups of CGUs reflecting the way the business is managed to serve the 
relevant markets. The groups of CGUs are as follows:
Extrusion North America covers production plants, marketing and product development in the US and Canada. The 
operation consists of 21 production plants, recognized intangible assets and goodwill from Hydro’s acquisition.
Extrusion Europe covers production plants, marketing and product development in Europe, mainly within the EU. The 
operation consists of
 32 production plants, recognized intangible assets and goodwill from Hydro’s acquisition.
Building Systems covers production plants, product warehouses, marketing and product development facilities, mainly in 
Europe, and sales and marketing offices covering a wider presence. The operation is present at 59 locations in 26 
countries. The asset base consists of a limited number of production plants, several warehouses of differing size and 
complexity, three brands, other intangible assets and goodwill from Hydro’s acquisition. 
Precision Tubing covers production plants, marketing and product development on four continents. The operation consists 
of 10 production plants in South America, Asia, Europe and North America, recognized intangible assets and goodwill from 
Hydro’s acquisition.
The impairment tests for all of the groups of CGUs described above are cash flow models expressed in nominal terms 
using forecasts for the first five years based on internal business plans approved by management. Margins, volumes and 
investments are considered highly correlated, as high margin above the metal value is achieved through production of 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 163

[page 164]
more complex products, requiring higher cost and/or more expensive equipment. We have thus not considered 
development in margins, cost and volume separately. Cash flows have been projected as terminal values beyond the five-
year forecast period with a 2.2 percent nominal growth, reflecting long term inflation assumptions. The cash flows 
estimated are modeled based on volumes and margins determined from contracts and customer relationships for 
individual plants and markets, as well as market analysts estimates for development in market demand. Other key 
assumptions are development in relevant market segments, as well as the discount rate. 
 The test shows limited coverage for Extrusion Europe. The test is sensitive to sales volumes, margins, and fixed cost. 
Should volumes remain at the same level for 2026 as in 2025, 393 thousand mt, reflecting the estimated product mix for 
2026, reduced cash flow could reasonably reduce the recoverable amount to a break-even level if fixed cost and future 
periods’ cash flows remain unchanged. Further, the estimated volume increase from new contracts and production lines of 
on average 5.6 percent per year in the period 2027 through 2030 is important for the positive conclusion on the 
impairment test. 
Estimated volumes for 2026 represent a level about 28 percent below Hydro’s actual sales volume in the top year, 2018, 
and about 9 percent below average of the last five years. Compared to 2025, the estimate for 2026 is about 8 percent 
higher, increasing to a level in 2030 at about 11 percent lower than Hydro’ volume in 2018.
No net improvement in cash flows from the restructuring proposed in November 2025 is included in the forecast. Any 
achieved improvement would imply a higher recoverable amount. 
Carrying amounts and recoverable amounts as of the date of test is included in the table below. Further assumptions and 
sensitivities are shown in the tables below. The sensitivities represent a stress test, identifying changes in each parameter 
which would result in a recoverable amount equal to the carrying amount of the CGU, while keeping all other parameters 
unchanged. The changed parameter is applied for the entire period, including the terminal value. The decrease in annual 
cash flows does not represent a reasonably possible scenario developed by Hydro, as changes in the market resulting in 
significantly reduced cash flows for individual plants or the whole business unit is likely to be mitigated with measures to 
reduce costs, including sale or closure of production lines or plants similar to what is currently ongoing. 
Amounts in NOK million
Extrusion
North America
Extrusion
Europe
Building
Systems
Precision
Tubing
Carrying value of goodwill  1 652  922  616  169 
Carrying value of other assets  8 276  8 627  2 468  2 389 
Carrying value of CGU  9 928  9 550  3 084  2 559 
Recoverable amount  16 907  10 953  7 695  5 476 
Recoverable amount in excess of carrying value  70 %  15 %  150 %  114 %
Key assumptions:
Terminal value growth  2.2 %  2.2 %  2.2 %  2.2 %
Discount rate  10.50 %  9.25 %  9.25 %  11.75 %
Stress test:
Discount rate - % change  54 %  10 %  102 %  83 %
Discount rate - % point 16,2 10,2 18,7 21,5
Annual reduction in net cash flow all years  41 %  13 %  60 %  53 %
Other mandatory tests  
For Hydro Metal Markets the impairment test on goodwill has been based on approved business plan for the next year, 
management’s best estimate of cash flows for the following four years and extrapolated to a 15 years cash flow estimate, 
providing a VIU exceeding the carrying value.
Hydro also has indefinite life intangible assets of NOK 139 million related to the Vigeland power plant in Norway. This 
CGU is tested for impairment using a FV approach based on observed transaction values for power production assets in 
the Nordic region. The recoverable amount, estimated as a post-tax fair value, exceeds the carrying amount significantly.
Other impairment tests
Hydro Extrusions
In response to weak markets for extruded products, in particular in Europe, five plants have been proposed for closure 
and are written down as impaired. As sale of the assets after closure of the plants is the likely way of recovering remaining 
value in the plants, the affected plants have been written down to their expected fair value less cost of disposal. The 
impairment recognized amounts to NOK 397 million.
Impairment triggers were identified in two CGUs in Extrusions, in the UK and in France following the prevailing weak 
market conditions. The impairment tests concluded that the carrying amounts exceeded the recoverable amounts 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 164

[page 165]
measured as VIU, and the two CGUs have consequently been written down to their recoverable amount. The impairment 
recognized for the UK CGU amounts to NOK 192 million, and for the France CGU NOK 96 million.
Hydro Energy
The assessment of earnings potential for licensing and/or internal use or assets related to Hydro’s development or 
technology and processes to use green hydrogen in industrial processes has concluded that it is not likely that there will 
be sufficient financial benefits available to support carrying value of these assets and remaining development costs. An 
impairment of NOK 265 million was therefore recognized. 
Hydro Metal Markets
An impairment indicator was identified for Alumetal, a recycler group with a carrying value of NOK 2,7 billion, acquired in 
2023, due to the weak market conditions for recycling. The impairment test concluded that the recoverable amount, 
measured as VIU, exceeds the carrying amount of the CGU 
by about 18%, and no impairment was required in 2025. As 
the coverage is limited, continued weak market conditions or further weakening of demand and/or margins is likely to 
result in impairment in a future period.
Hydro Aluminium Metal
The primary aluminium plant Tomago has been fully written down, and any ongoing costs or investments related to the 
asset are recognized immediately as impairment losses when incurred. The full write-down reflects the significant 
uncertainty regarding future power prices beyond the current power price agreements expiring in 2028.
Note 2.6   Leases
§ Accounting policies for leases
At inception of a contract, Hydro assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. Leased assets with a remaining 
lease period of less than 12 months at inception are excluded from lease accounting. Further, leases of assets of a 
low value (small asset leases), mainly such items as PCs, office equipment and similar, are excluded from lease 
accounting. When measuring leases, Hydro includes fixed lease payments for extension periods reasonably certain to 
be used. As a practical expedient, non-lease components are not separated from lease contracts for most asset 
classes. For production facilities and transportation assets, such as vessels used for transportation of material, the 
operating cost is a significant non-lease component, and is excluded from lease accounting. Variable lease payments, 
including service elements related to leases which are fully variable amounts, are recognized as operating expenses 
in the periods incurred. 
Right-of-use assets are included in property, plant and equipment,
 see note 2.1 Property, plant and equipment. Lease 
liabilities are included in debt, see note 7.4 Short and long-term debt.
! Significant judgment in accounting for leasing
Significant judgment is required to determine whether some service contracts conveys the right to control an asset 
to Hydro, and thus is, or contains, a lease. Hydro has a limited number of such contracts; however, they do exist in 
some arrangements with service providers for maintenance services, transportation services, and some 
operational subcontractors. In assessing whether such contracts are leases, Hydro assesses both the share of the 
supplier’s capacity for relevant assets that is available for Hydro as well as how decisions are made. 
Judgment is also applied in assessing whether renewal options are reasonably certain to be utilized. In assessing 
such issues, Hydro considers such factors as the level of operational integration and dependency as well as 
historic practices for renewals. 
For some contracts where all, or close to all, produced products are purchased by Hydro with no or very limited 
fixed payments, the contract may be deemed a lease with fully variable payments. Currently, Hydro has no 
significant such contracts.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 165

[page 166]
Hydro’s leases
Hydro uses lease contracts primarily where lease or rental contracts provide operational benefits or flexibility compared to 
owning assets. Leased land and buildings are used for warehouses, office space and certain other arrangements where 
the need for such space is of a temporary nature or where land and/or buildings are not available for purchase. This is the 
case in some countries, and also in co-locations with certain other businesses such as in port areas. Further, Hydro has a 
lease arrangement for its head office in Oslo, Norway, and certain other office locations where the location is independent 
of production facilities. Production equipment is leased or rented where the access to the specific assets is combined with 
significant services, for instance seaborne transport operated by the supplier/lessor. Operational services in combination 
with leasing of assets is also used for such services as maintenance activities, earth-moving operations, and certain other 
non-core services. Leasing or rental is in some instances also used for equipment operated by Hydro, often under 
contracts significantly shorter than the assets’ useful life. 
Hydro determines its incremental borrowing rate by obtaining interest rates from various external financing sources, and 
makes adjustments for currency and duration to reflect the terms of the lease. 
Right-of-use assets
Amounts in NOK million
Machinery and 
equipment
Buildings and 
land Total
December 31, 2023  3 114  1 053  4 167 
Depreciations and impairment loss  (1 041)  (360)  (1 401) 
Additions  746  378  1 124 
Disposal  (20)  (69)  (89) 
Companies sold  -  (6)  (6) 
Foreign Currency translation effect  (204)  56  (148) 
December 31, 2024  2 595  1 052  3 648 
Depreciations and impairment loss  (1 138)  (365)  (1 503) 
Additions  1 196  260  1 455 
Disposal  (9)  (7)  (16) 
Foreign Currency translation effect  (54)  (45)  (99) 
December 31, 2025  2 589  896  3 485 
Total cash outflows for leases in 2025 was NOK 2,372 million (2024: NOK 2,215 million).
Interest expense relating to lease recognized in the income statement for 2025 was NOK 391 million (2024: NOK 414 
million). 
Leases expensed in the period amounts to NOK 345 million (2024: NOK 372 million) and refers to leases of short term, 
low value and leases with variable payments. 
Hydro has a limited amount of lease contracts not accounted for as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities at the balance 
sheet because they are exempted as small asset leases or short-term leases. Future minimum lease payments due under 
non-cancellable leases are NOK
 88 million (2024: NOK 79 million).
Note 2.7   Other non-current assets
Other non-current assets includes financial instruments, see note 8.2 Financial instruments.
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Derivative instruments  635  606 
Long term collateral for liabilities  220  256 
Equity securities at FVOCI  714  773 
Securities at FVTPL  742  848 
Income taxes, VAT and other sales taxes  2 563  2 765 
Employee loans  8  9 
Other receivables  556  713 
Other non-current assets  5 439  5 971 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 166

[page 167]
Section 3 – Investments in other companies 
Note 3.1   Investments in joint arrangements and associates
§ Accounting policies for investments in joint arrangements and associates
Investments in associates and joint ventures
A joint arrangement is an entity, asset or operation that is subject to contractually established joint control. Special 
voting rights may extend control beyond what is conveyed through the owners' proportional ownership interest. Such 
rights may take the form of a specified number of board representatives, the right of refusal for important decisions, or 
the requirement of a qualified majority for important decisions which effectively results in joint control with the specific 
ownership situation. Joint ventures are joint arrangement which represents a residual interest in the arrangement 
rather than an interest in assets and responsibility for liabilities.
An associate is an equity investment in which Hydro has the ability to exercise significant influence, which is the 
power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the entity. Significant influence is assumed to 
exist when Hydro owns between 20 and 50 percent of the voting rights unless other terms and conditions affect 
Hydro's influence.
Hydro accounts for investments in associates and participation in joint ventures using the equity method. This 
involves recognizing Hydro's interest based on its proportional share of the entity's equity, including any excess 
values and goodwill. Hydro recognizes its share of net income, including depreciation and amortization of excess 
values and any impairment losses, in Share of the profit (loss) in equity accounted investments. Other comprehensive 
income derived from associates and joint ventures is included in Hydro's Other comprehensive income. Hydro's 
proportional share of unrealized profits resulting from transactions with associates and joint ventures, including 
transfer of businesses, is eliminated. Accounting policies used by associates and joint ventures may differ from the 
accounting policies adopted by Hydro. Differences in recognition or measurement are adjusted for prior to equity 
accounting.
Investments in associates and joint ventures are tested for impairment when there are indications of a possible loss in 
value. An impairment loss is recognized if the recoverable amount, estimated as the higher of fair value less cost of 
disposal or value in use, is below Hydro's carrying value. Impairment losses are reversed if circumstances change 
and the impairment situation is no longer deemed to exist.
Hydro is involved in one associate for which the results of operations is taxable profit or loss for the owners rather 
than the associate, a tax transparent company. Hydro provides for deferred tax on temporary differences in the 
associate to the extent such temporary differences are expected to reverse within the foreseeable future, or such 
reversal is not controlled by Hydro. Deferred tax on other temporary differences is not recognized. 
Loans to associates and joint ventures are measured under IFRS 9 Financial instruments. Loans where contractual 
cash flows are only payments of principal and interest on specific dates are measured at amortized cost with 
expected credit losses provided for. Other loan arrangements are measured at fair value. Loans and receivables to 
associates and joint ventures are presented as part of other similar loans to unrelated parties. Income and expenses 
Investments in joint operations and jointly owned assets
Joint operations are arrangements under contractually joint control where the joint operators have an interest in the 
assets; or benefits from the service potential of the assets; as well as have a direct obligation for the liabilities of the 
joint arrangement. Joint operations can result from the legal form of the arrangement or other facts and circumstances 
resulting in an interest in the service potential of the asset and obligation for liabilities. Jointly owned assets are 
arrangements where Hydro and the other partners have a direct ownership in specifically identified assets, but where 
joint control is not established. Currently, Hydro has one significant jointly owned asset group, the 20 percent 
ownership in the aluminium smelter Alouette in Canada. Hydro recognizes its share of assets, liabilities, revenues, if 
any, and expenses of joint operations and jointly owned assets on a line-by-line basis in the group financial 
statements.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 167

[page 168]
! Significant judgment in accounting for joint arrangements and associates
Hydro is engaged in various arrangements on a joint basis with other companies. In assessing whether joint 
control exists for these arrangements we evaluate the legal framework and contracts governing the arrangement 
combined with an assessment of which decisions that significantly influence the return from the arrangement. 
Arrangements owned on a 50/50 basis and/or governed by unanimous decisions constitute the majority of our joint 
arrangements.
Most of our joint arrangements are joint production facilities supplying metal and other products for Hydro’s value 
chain. Hydro assesses whether joint arrangements are joint operations where Hydro has a direct interest in the 
assets and direct liability to settle obligations, directly or indirectly, or a joint venture where we have an interest in 
the net assets of the joint arrangement. In this assessment we evaluate the contracts governing the arrangement 
and the legal framework for the type of entity in which the arrangement is operated. Hydro is engaged in both joint 
arrangements that are considered joint ventures, and arrangements that are concluded to be joint operations.
Some investments have complex ownership and voting rights structures. When assessing Hydro’s influence, 
several elements are considered, including board representation, influence over relevant business activities 
through business planning and operating budgets, election of executives, as well as the influence over dividend 
payments. Some of our associates are owned by more than one Hydro shareholder, including more than one 
reporting segment. Assessment of whether Hydro has significant influence is made for the combined investment 
from a group perspective, while investments held through associates or joint ventures are not considered as Hydro 
does not control those shareholders. The equity method is applied for Hydro’s total investment when Hydro 
determines that it has significant influence.
Hydro’s joint operations
Of our joint operations, two are classified as joint operations based on the legal form of the operations. These are Tomago, 
an aluminium smelter in Australia, and Skafså Kraftverk ANS, a power producer in Norway. The anode producer 
Aluminium & Chemie Rotterdam B.V., Aluchemie, in the Netherlands, is classified as a joint operation based on 
contractual arrangements. The operation was closed at the end of 2021 and closure and remediation of the site is 
ongoing. 
Tomago and Aluchemie is part of Hydro Aluminium Metal, while Skafså Kraftverk ANS is part of Hydro Energy.
Hydro’s joint ventures
The following joint ventures are considered material for Hydro:
Qatar Aluminium Ltd. (Qatalum) is a primary aluminium smelter with a dedicated power plant located in Qatar. Qatalum 
has an annual production capacity of about 600,000 mt of liquid metal. Qatalum is owned by Hydro and Qatar Aluminium 
Manufacturing Company Q.P.S.C. (50 percent each). Qatar Energy, previously Qatar Petroleum, controls Qatar Aluminium 
Manufacturing Company, which is listed on the Qatar Stock Exchange. Qatalum was at the outset granted a ten-year 
income tax holiday, expiring in 2020. There has been a long period of uncertainty with regards to the applicable tax rate for 
Qatalum after the expiry of the tax holiday in 2020. It has been Hydro’s consistent position that the generally applicable tax 
rate, currently at 10 percent, should apply to Qatalum after the expiry of the tax holiday. However, the joint venture 
partners have not been able to agree on a common interpretation of the applicable tax law, and Qatalum filed its 2020 tax 
return applying a 35 percent tax rate on June 30, 2021. Hydro is pursuing alternative measures to protect its financial 
interest in this matter. 
Hydro is committed to sell fixed quantities of alumina and purchase all products from Qatalum at market prices. Purchases 
of metal from Qatalum amounted to N
OK 19,192 million in 2025 and NOK 18,637 million in 2024. Related payables 
amounted to NOK 2,199 million at the end of 2025 and NOK 1,854 million at the end of 2024. Sales from Hydro to 
Qatalum amounted to NOK 2,760 million in 2025 and NOK 2,815 million in 2024, primarily alumina. Related receivables 
amounted to NOK 326 million and NOK 0 million at the end of the periods. 
Qatalum is part of Hydro Aluminium Metal.
Hydro Rein is an investor in renewable energy providers for industrial companies, headquartered in Norway. The joint 
venture owns  investments in a portfolio of operating power-producing assets in Brazil and Sweden, with a gross capacity 
of 2.6
 GW, and a significant portfolio of projects under development. Hydro Rein’s part-owned power production project 
companies have signed long-term power sales agreements totaling 5.3 TWh annually, including supply to Hydro’s alumina 
refinery Alunorte, primary aluminium plant Albras and the bauxite mine Paragominas, who also holds direct ownership in 
the project companies. Deliveries under several of these offtake agreements commenced in 2025. Hydro owns 50.1 
percent and Macquarie 49.9 percent of the joint venture, established in 2024. 
Hydro Rein is part of Hydro Energy.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 168

[page 169]
Hydro’s associates
The following associate is considered material for Hydro:
Lyse Kraft DA, a power producer headquartered in Stavanger, operates power plants in the southwest of Norway and 
holds ownership interests in two arrangements in nearby areas. Hydro owns 25.6 percent of the company, while Lyse AS 
holds a controlling ownership share of 74.4 percent. 
The annual production of Lyse Kraft DA amounts to about 9.5 TWh, which is contributed in kind to the owners 
corresponding to ownership sha
re. The owners are responsible for paying all costs in the partnership, both for operating 
costs, which for Hydro amounted to expenses of NOK 124 million and related accounts payable of NOK 0 million for the 
year 2025. Hydro sells or consumes the received power in accordance with its operating needs for power. Hydro is also 
the operator of the power plants and is compensated for all costs incurred in this respect. Sales of services from Hydro 
amounted to 
NOK 559 million and related receivables amounted to NOK 62 million.
Recognized deferred tax liability in the consolidated statements was NOK 1,262 million as of December 31, 2025 and 
NOK 1,188 million as of December 31, 2024, related to temporary differences for which reversal of the differences are not 
controlled by Hydro. 
Lyse Kraft DA is part of Hydro Energy.
Key information about significant investments
The table below summarizes key figures for the joint venture Qatalum for 2025 and 2024. The figures are on the same 
basis as used for inclusion in the group financial statements, reflecting Hydro’s accounting policies. Fair value adjustments 
from Hydro’s contribution of assets to the joint venture are included. Intercompany transactions and balances are 
included, and internal profit and loss in inventory and fixed assets purchased from group companies are not eliminated in 
the numbers below. All amounts are for the joint venture on 100 percent basis. Balance sheet amounts are at the end of 
the years 2025 and 2024.
Qatalum
Year / Year ended
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Revenue  20 309  19 491 
Depreciation, amortization and impairment  2 775  2 649 
Earnings before financial items and tax  4 551  4 016 
Financial income (expense), net ¹⁾  (390)  (703) 
Income tax expense  (1 505)  (1 136) 
Net income (loss)  2 650  2 170 
Other comprehensive income  (3 230)  2 972 
Total comprehensive income  (580)  5 142 
Cash and cash equivalents  2 345  2 499 
Other current assets  7 343  7 228 
Non-current assets  26 299  31 959 
Current financial liabilities  685  911 
Non-current financial liabilities  7 160  9 402 
Other liabilities  3 385  3 182 
Net assets  24 758  28 192 
Hydro's share of net assets  12 379  14 095 
Accumulated elimination of internal gain in inventory  (33)  73 
Carrying value of Hydro's equity investment  12 346  14 169 
1 Financial income (expense), net includes interest expense for Qatalum with NOK 520 million and NOK 824 million for 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The batteries business unit in Hydro Energy is no longer a strategic growth area for Hydro. Impairments have been 
recognized for the carrying amounts not expected to be recovered, and the majority of the investments were sold during 
2025.
For 2025, Hydro has delivered services to other associates and joint ventures amounting to NOK 157 million and 
purchased electricity from associates in Brazil for an amount of NOK 1,538 million. Hydro Long-term loans to other 
associates and joint ventures amount to NOK 58 million.
The following table provides a summary of changes in carrying value for Hydro's joint ventures and associates.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 169

[page 170]
Amounts in NOK million Qatalum Hydro Rein Other JVs  Lyse Kraft DA 
 Other 
Associates Total
December 31, 2023  12 448  -  679  6 866  1 234  21 228 
Hydro's share of net income (loss)  1 118  (333)  (150)  (78)  (415)  142 
Impairment  -  -  (581)  -  (77)  (658) 
Foreign currency translation and other 
through OCI  1 485  108  (2)  -  1  1 592 
Changes elimination of internal gain in 
inventory downstream sales  28  -  -  -  -  28 
Dividends  (910)  -  -  -  -  (910) 
Companies acquired  -  3 325  -  -  772  4 097 
Disposal  -  -  (26)  -  (716)  (742) 
Capital increase  -  -  108  113  -  221 
Change in asset held for sale  -  -  -  -  57  57 
December 31, 2024  14 169  3 100  28  6 901  857  25 054 
Hydro's share of net income (loss)  1 251  (618)  1  (81)  (433)  121 
Foreign currency translation and other 
through OCI  (1 622)  (144)  (3)  -  (70)  (1 840) 
Changes elimination of internal gain in 
inventory downstream sales  (25)  -  -  -  (25) 
Dividends  (1 427)  -  -  -  -  (1 427) 
Companies acquired  -  -  -  132  132 
Disposal  -  -  -  -  (103)  (103) 
Capital increase  -  -  -  129  -  129 
December 31, 2025  12 346  2 338  26  6 948  382  22 041 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 170

[page 171]
Section 4 – Uncertain assets and liabilities
Note 4.1   Uncertain assets and liabilities
§ Accounting policies for uncertain liabilities resulting in provisions or contingent liabilities 
Provisions are recognized when Hydro has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event and 
it is probable (more likely than not) that Hydro will be required to settle the obligation. Uncertain outcomes are 
measured as the expected value of reasonably possible outcomes. Provisions are based on the current legal 
framework and remediation standards. The provision is measured as the present value of the cash flows estimated to 
settle the obligation. Expected cash flows are discounted with a risk-free interest rate, usually a government bond rate 
for the duration to expected settlement. 
A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from a past event, with the resolution of the contingency 
dependent on uncertain future events, or a present obligation where no outflow is probable. Contingent liabilities are 
not recognized on the balance sheet, rather, the existence of such contingent liabilities and, if estimable the 
approximate size, are disclosed unless the possibility of an outflow of economic resources is remote. 
Asset retirement obligations
Hydro recognizes liabilities for the estimated fair value of asset retirement obligations (ARO) relating to assets where 
such obligations exists, in the period incurred in accordance with IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and 
Contingent Assets. The provision is estimated as the present value of costs relating to the restoration or rehabilitation 
of industrial or mining sites and/or dismantlement or removal of buildings or other assets. Cash flows are estimated 
based on known obligations and estimated cost levels, inflated to the time of expected retirement and discounted 
using a risk-free interest rate. The liability is recognized when an asset is constructed and ready for use or when the 
obligation is incurred if imposed at a later date. Related asset retirement costs are capitalized and depreciated over 
the useful life of the asset. Accretion expense is recognized for the change in the present value of the liability and 
classified as part of Financial expense. Other changes to estimated fair value of ARO are recognized when identified. 
The increase or reduction to the liability is recognized as an increase or reduction of the value of the asset unless the 
asset is no longer in use, in which case the change is recognized in operating expenses. Liabilities that are 
conditional on a future event (e.g. the timing or method of settlement) are recognized when the value of the liability 
can be reasonably estimated.
Exit and disposal costs
Hydro recognizes a provision in the amount of the direct costs associated with an exit and/or disposal activity when a 
formal commitment to a detailed exit plan is made and communicated to those affected. A provision for termination 
benefits to employees is recognized as of the date of notification to individual employees or their representatives. 
Uncertain assets
Assets where the existence of an asset or Hydro’s control with the resources is less than virtually certain are 
contingent assets. Contingent assets are not recognized.
Uncertain cash flows in settlement of financial assets or liabilities are incorporated in the measurement of those 
instruments, and not included here. See disclosures in Section 8 Financial risk and financial instruments
 for 
information about variability in financial instruments, including derivative instruments.
! Significant judgment in accounting for contingent liabilities, uncertain assets and liabilities
Evaluation of uncertain liabilities and contingent liabilities and assets requires judgment and assumptions 
regarding the probability of realization and the timing and amount, or range of amounts, that may ultimately be 
incurred. Such estimates may vary from the ultimate outcome as a result of differing interpretations of laws and 
facts. 
The main judgmental assessments falls into two categories; whether a liability exists, and the amount of a possible 
liability. The existence or non-existence of a liability is a legal and/or factual assessment. The measurement of a 
possible liability is more challenging for requirements to remediate or rectify alleged wrong-doing than for 
monetary claims of compensation. In relation to perceived non-compliance with laws and regulations, authorities, 
non-governmental organizations, or others may claim that Hydro is responsible for mitigating actions and 
compensation. The legal basis for such claims as well as cost calculation and other aspects can be difficult to 
assess
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 171

[page 172]
Hydro's industrial and mining activities are subject to a wide range of environmental laws and regulations, 
including end-of-life remediation regulations. The extent of site and off-site contamination, the remediation 
methods, and requirements that relevant environmental authorities may impose, are uncertain. The long-term use 
of sites, with increasing awareness of effects of contamination in society, and generally lower acceptance of 
contamination in communities over time impacts the content of legal standards and the responsibility of companies 
involved in such activities. Further, changes in remediation methods and requirements and the uncertainty of cost 
levels for actions to be performed years and decades into the future contribute to the uncertainty in assessing and 
measuring such obligations. Remediation and closure activities expected to be conducted far into the future are 
less accurately measured than near-term planned activities. Consequently, there is significant uncertainty inherent 
in the estimates. 
Indirect tax regimes are complex in many jurisdictions and cross-border. Basis for such taxes may differ from 
actual transaction prices. Tax authorities may challenge Hydro's calculation of taxes and credits from prior periods. 
Such processes may lead to changes to prior periods' operating or financial expenses to be recognized in the 
period of change.
Provisions
2025 2024
Amounts in NOK million Short-term Long-term Total Short-term Long-term Total
Environmental clean-up and 
asset retirement obligations 
(ARO)  1 066  3 224  4 290  1 223  3 487  4 710 
Employee benefits  1 583  536  2 118  1 540  561  2 100 
Indirect taxes  120  482  601  103  455  558 
Rationalization and closure 
cost  1 291  99  1 390  216  56  272 
Other  924  522  1 446  523  644  1 167 
Total provisions  4 982  4 863  9 846  3 605  5 203  8 807 
The following table includes a specification of changes to provisions for the year ending December 31, 2025.
Amounts in NOK million
Environmental 
clean-up and 
asset retirement 
obligations 
(ARO)
Employee 
benefits Indirect taxes
Rationalization 
and closure cost Other Total
Specification of change in 
provisions
December 31, 2024  4 710  2 100  558  272  1 167  8 807 
Additions  555  1 941  150  1 337  925  4 907 
Used during the year  (956)  (1 600)  (81)  (196)  (503)  (3 337) 
Reversal of unused provisions  (146)  (274)  (26)  (26)  (164)  (636) 
Effect of change in discount 
rate  (19)  1  -  -  4  (14) 
Accretion expense  246  9  13  -  33  300 
Foreign currency translation  (99)  (57)  (12)  3  (16)  (181) 
December 31, 2025  4 290  2 118  601  1 390  1 446  9 846 
Provisions for environmental clean-up and asset retirement obligations relate to production facilities currently in operation 
and facilities that are closed. The obligations relate to such actions as remediation, restoration, rehabilitation or closure of 
industrial or mining sites, disposal of contaminated material and related activities. Hydro has provided for demolition of 
buildings and installations only where there is a legal or contractual obligation, or a specific decision to demolish, which is 
the case for few sites. For many of our industrial sites, in particular sites where operation is expected to continue 
indefinitely, costs are difficult to assess. The precise need for actions, their method, timing and cost has not yet been 
planned, and hence the cost is uncertain. The provision represents the present value of expected outflows at the times of 
expected payments. The timing and amount of these actions are linked to future business decisions as well as  decisions 
and approval by authorities in the jurisdictions we operate. Provisions are based on the current legal framework and 
standards. Hydro is implementing the voluntary Global Industry Standard on Tailings Management (GISTM)1, and 
continues to assess the extent of additional effort and cost that its implementation may require. Currently, no significant 
additional obligations have been identified.
The most significant provisions relate to the following sites and issues. For Hydro Bauxite & Alumina's mine in Brazil, in 
line with local legislation, we have closure obligations related to the tailing areas and mining sites, including reforestation 
of the area and monitoring and maintenance of the site. For Hydro Bauxite & Alumina's alumina refinery in Brazil, based 
on plans approved by the authorities, we have obligations related to bauxite residue deposits, including monitoring the 
contamination levels and other aspects. Some activities related to these obligations are currently performed as integrated 
processes with ongoing deposit of residues produced in the alumina production. For Hydro Aluminium Metal we have 
provisions related to contaminated material in use in aluminium smelters such as pot lining, certain other process related 
waste in all active smelters, some known landfills and removal of limited contaminated material as well as site clearance 
for certain leased land. Hydro has provided for various remediation obligations in Hydro Extrusions related to both closed 
sites, whether previously operated or not, and for some currently active sites. Hydro also has obligations for remediation of 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 172
1 Issued by ICMM (International Council on Mining and Metals), PRI (Principles for Responsible Investment) and UNEP (UN Environment 
Programme).

[page 173]
contamination on site and in areas related to historic industrial activities, mainly in Germany and Norway, reported in Other 
and eliminations. The more significant of these sites are the sites in Schwandorf in Germany and the Grenland area in 
Norway. For many of these provisions, there are no standard remediation methods available and cost is therefore 
uncertain. Provisions also exist for certain liabilities related to Norwegian power plant concessions to be reverted to the 
Norwegian Government.
Provisions for employee benefits relate to expected short-term performance bonus payments and short and long-term 
provisions for expected bonus payments that are based on the number of years of service, primarily for our European 
operations. Such bonuses are expected to be paid in periods between 10 to 50 years of service, or upon termination of 
employment.
Indirect taxes include taxes not related to taxable income, such as value added taxes, duties and property taxes. Provision 
for indirect taxes is mainly related to operations in Brazil. 
Rationalization and closure cost include provisions in Hydro Extrusions for costs related to plant closures and employee 
reductions to reduce their footprint in response to challenging market conditions. The provision also includes remaining 
costs related to the closure of Hydro’s joint operation Aluchemie and costs related to the group wide rationalization project 
carried out in 2025.
Other includes insurance provisions related to insurance contracts issued by Hydro's captive insurance company, 
Industriforsikring AS, to external parties including associates and joint arrangements, provisions for legal and other 
disputes, community donations and other contributions committed, certain liabilities related to representation and warranty 
provisions related to sale of businesses.
Hydro has entered into several agreements with authorities at local and state levels in Pará, Brazil, requiring Hydro to 
improve operational security and to make additional efforts and investments related to local societies close to the plants 
and to the social development of communities in Pará. In both 2025 and 2024, provisions were made to support 
communities along the pipeline between the Paragominas mine and Alunorte alumina refinery in Brazil with infrastructure, 
local production facilities, and skill development.
Contingent liabilities and contingent assets 
Hydro is involved in or threatened with various legal and tax matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Where 
Hydro considers an obligation to be possible, i.e. not probable yet not remote, it is disclosed as a contingent liability.
Hydro is involved in a significant number of tax cases related to various types of taxes. Hydro’s businesses in Brazil have 
a large portfolio of cases disputed by tax authorities, of which the majority relates to indirect taxes. Disputes include cases 
in the administrative and legal dispute systems with various background and risk of loss. In total known cases amount to 
about NOK 4.3 billion, of which losses are considered possible in cases amounting to about NOK 3.6 billion. A significant 
share of those amounts is covered by tax indemnifications from acquisition. The final outcome of these cases is not 
expected until several years into the future, and is highly uncertain. Additional cases may be raised by tax authorities 
based on tax declarations for periods not yet assessed, or when interpretation of tax regulations change. Hydro has 
provided for individual tax cases where the risk of loss is considered above 50 percent. Provisions for indirect taxes are 
included in provisions disclosed above, while provisions for income tax expenses are included in Taxes payable.
Hydro has environmental liabilities related to several sites and issues. Hydro may be deemed liable for remediation that is 
not acknowledged as Hydro's responsibility, and therefore not provided for. For some impacted areas it is not yet known 
whether remediation will be required. This may depend on the pace of any natural attenuation, and development in what 
the environmental authorities judge to be reasonable remediation requirements. For some areas, the exact extent of 
pollution may be uncertain. If an environmental risk assessment has concluded that the current risk is acceptable, a 
detailed sampling program may not have been carried out. Obligations for historic contamination of sites and surrounding 
areas in addition to areas provided for may be identified and deemed Hydro's responsibility in the future, whether related 
to currently owned or used sites, or sites we previously have owned and/or used. The cost of remediation of any additional 
contamination deemed Hydro's responsibility is uncertain. 
Authorities and non-governmental organizations have filed several lawsuits related to the Alunorte incident, claiming a 
combination of mitigating actions and financial compensation. The argumentation, cost calculation and legal basis for 
these claims is still highly uncertain. Further claims may still be received. Given the limited information about claimed 
physical and moral damages to be compensated, and the extent and cost of mitigating actions claimed, or the extent or 
content of other potential claims and lawsuits, it is not possible at this time to provide a range of possible outcomes or a 
reliable estimate of potential future exposure for Hydro. It is further not possible to estimate the timing of when such claims 
may be determined or when any payments may arise. 
Hydro is also exposed to increased product warranty and product liability responsibilities, both as result of contractual 
commitments and caused by liability under background law. Product warranty and product liability may impose significant 
costs depending amongst other things on the application of the product sold. Similarly, disputes over whether failure to 
deliver products under contract are related to force majeure or not occur from time to time, both for Hydro’s delivery 
obligations and rights. Such disputes may involve significant amounts and outcomes may be difficult to assess. 
Hydro is exposed to legal cases based on contractual or other basis, including related to contract delivery or purchase 
obligations or warranties and representations given in relation to sale of businesses. Where a payment is probable, a 
provision for the likely amount is recognized. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 173

[page 174]
Section 5 - Income and expenses
Note 5.1   Revenue from contracts with customers
§ Accounting policies for revenue recognition
Hydro accounts for revenue in accordance with IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.
IFRS 15 requires us to, for each contract with a customer, identify the performance obligations, determine the 
transaction price, allocate the transaction price to performance obligations to the extent the contract covers more than 
one performance obligation, determine whether revenue should be recognized over time or at a point in time, and, 
finally, recognize revenue when or as performance obligations are satisfied.
A performance obligation is satisfied when or as the customer obtains control with the goods or services delivered. 
Revenue from sale of physical products are recognized when control is transferred to the customer, which usually 
occurs at delivery.
A contract for sale of electricity is considered one performance obligation and recognized as electricity is delivered to 
customers through the relevant grid. 
Margins related to the trading of derivative commodity instruments, including instruments used for risk management 
purposes, purchase or delivery of physical commodities on a commodity exchange, and physical commodity 
purchases and sales agreed in combination with a single counterpart, are presented on a net basis in the income 
statement with trading margins included in revenues.
! Significant judgment in accounting for revenue
Hydro's main performance obligations can be described as follows:
◦ sale of products, produced independent of customer orders
◦ sale of products, produced to customer order
◦ sale of products made to customer specifications and order
◦ sale of electricity
For products which are not made to the customer's specification, performance obligations are either the individual 
product, the delivery in total, or an agreed volume of products delivered in more than one delivery. Contracts 
covering a fixed, committed volume at fixed or determinable prices are relevant for this assessment. Delivery 
period for such contracts can cover a period of a few weeks, and up to one year. Some few contracts cover more 
than one year. Prices are usually a combination of fixed elements and market references such as the aluminium 
price at the London Metal Exchange or other market references, at, or prior to, delivery. Revenue related to 
products that are not made to the customers’ specification is recognized at delivery of products to customers. Such 
contracts accounts for the majority of sales in the segments Hydro Bauxite & Alumina, Hydro Aluminium Metal and 
Hydro Metal Markets, and a significant share of sales in Hydro Extrusions. Some of these contracts include an 
element of freight services, which is considered a separate performance obligation under IFRS 15, and related 
revenue is recognized over the time of journey. 
For products made to customer specifications and orders, we have assessed whether the finished product has an 
alternative use to Hydro, and whether Hydro at all times has an enforceable right to payment for performance 
completed to date. For contracts where both of these conditions are fulfilled, revenue shall be recognized over 
time from commencement of production of the specialized product until completion of delivery to the customer. For 
Hydro's products, the alternative use of customer designed products would, in most cases, be as an input to the 
production of other products rather than for sale of the product unchanged. We have assessed whether Hydro has 
an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date, including a reasonable margin, throughout the 
production period. The assessment is primarily related to the segment Hydro Extrusions. The main assessment is 
related to which compensation Hydro would be entitled to in a situation where firm orders are canceled or 
amended by the customer. Our conclusion is that for close to all contracts we do not have an enforceable right to 
payment as described in IFRS 15, and revenue is thus recognized at a point in time. However, as our conclusions 
depends both on legal assessment of a large number of contracts in many countries, and on the understanding of 
what constitutes an enforceable right to payment under IFRS 15, we might reach a different conclusion in the 
future for some contracts, or for new contracts covering similar products and customer segments entered into in 
the future. Also for these contracts, prices are fixed at the time of delivery.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 174

[page 175]
Payment and warranty terms
Payment terms for products vary between customer segments and regions. The predominant terms vary between 30 to 90 
days, and up to 210 days in some markets.
Hydro’s warranty terms vary by product and business segment. Generally, Hydro provides warranty that product complies 
with specification, and offer repair, replacement or refund of consideration paid for breaches. Such warranties are limited 
in time, for most products not exceeding 12 months. Individual contracts may include more extensive warranty clauses 
where Hydro takes responsibility also for some consequential damages, mainly related to more complex products such as 
certain automotive parts. Warranty liability is to some degree influenced by legal requirements, which may extend the time 
period for Hydro’s liability. 
Other information
Sale of electricity, primarily from the Hydro Energy segment, is recognized as revenue as electricity is delivered to 
customers through the relevant grid. Sale of energy from other segments represent excess energy purchased under 
contracts exceeding the operational needs, and relate to periodic maintenance stops or curtailment. Revenue from sale of 
energy includes the revenue from sale of concession power, a legal requirement to deliver a certain part of volume 
produced in Norway to local authorities at a reduced price. Revenue from concession power amounted to NOK 114 million 
and NOK 65 million in 2025 and 2024, respectively. 
Realized and unrealized changes in fair value of commodity derivatives are also presented as part of revenue. These 
amounts are measured at fair value as required by IFRS 9 Financial Instruments. The instruments are mainly aluminium 
and power contracts used for risk management purposes, and are included in Other revenue in the table below.
Hydro’s revenue divided by segment and geographic location of the customer is shown in note 1.4 Operating and 
geographic segment information. Revenue divided by product type for the main product groups sold are as follows:
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Standard ingots ¹⁾  19 785  20 042 
Extrusion ingots  34 731  30 632 
Foundry alloys  22 360  21 757 
Sheet ingots  8 592  8 165 
Other casthouse products  8 191  6 918 
Extrusion profiles  58 451  56 173 
Building systems products  10 571  10 979 
Precision tubing products  5 398  5 213 
Alumina  34 188  36 664 
Power  4 592  3 126 
Other goods and services ²⁾  4 268  4 439 
Total revenue from contracts with customers  211 125  204 108 
Other revenue ³⁾  (3 154)  (473) 
Total revenue  207 971  203 636 
1 Standard ingots are sold in the segments Hydro Metal Markets and Hydro Aluminium Metal.
2 Includes sale of bauxite, revenue from allocated freight and conversion services for customers’ scrap.
3 Other revenue includes realized and unrealized changes in the fair value of derivative instruments, including aluminium contracts used for risk 
management purposes with a loss of NOK 2,986 million in 2025, and NOK 813 million in 2024. In addition, other revenue includes realized effects 
from hedge accounting, with a loss of NOK 168 million in 2025 and gain of NOK 531 million in 2024. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 175

[page 176]
Note 5.2   Other income
§ Accounting policies for Other income, net
Transactions resulting in income from activities other than normal production and sales operations are classified as 
Other income, net. This includes gains and losses resulting from the disposal of PP&E and intangible assets, 
investments in subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures as well as government grants, insurance compensation, and 
rental revenue. 
Government grants
Government grants are recognized in accordance with IAS 20 Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of 
Government Assistance. Grants are recognized when there is a reasonable assurance that Hydro will comply with 
relevant conditions and that the grants will be received. Government grants are deferred in Other current or non-
current liabilities until the associated activity is performed or expenses recognized. Investment grants are recognized 
over the period the associated asset is depreciated, or at impairment of the asset. All government grants are 
recognized in Other income, net. Investment grants are included in Investing activities in the statement of cash flows.
! Significant judgment in accounting for other income
Government grants
Government grants are to varying degree governed by objectively determinable terms. For some government 
grants, such as the CO2 compensation scheme in Norway, the framework for receiving grants is determined in firm 
regulations, while the actual aid intensity is politically determined as part of the state budget for the year of 
payment, which is determined at the end of the year of earning. Further, Hydro’s share of the allocated amount for 
this program depends on production level for all participants in the program, including Hydro. Hydro estimates the 
grant to be received for interim periods and the full year with updates to the estimates as new information 
becomes available. Similar mechanisms exist for other grants, for some not concluded at the end of the year of 
earning. None of these other grant programs are material to Hydro for 2025 or 2024. 
Compensation
Compensation received in other than cash and claims for future compensation may be difficult to assess for when 
such items are recognizable, and for valuation. Compensation is generally recognized when virtually certain, for 
which we normally expect to have an acknowledged obligation by the liable party, or a claim confirmed by a court of 
law or another relevant instance. For claims, securities, or other non-cash items, the asset is recognized at its 
estimated fair value, which may be uncertain. See note 1.2 Measurement of fair value
 for how such items are 
valued. 
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets  162  133 
Net gain on sale of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures ¹⁾  345  378 
Government grants ²⁾  4 065  3 686 
Other ³⁾  617  1 346 
Other income, net  5 189  5 543 
1 Includes gain on sale of investments in Batteries with NOK 345 million in 2025 and Hydro's reduced ownership share in Hydro Rein with NOK 321 
million in 2024. 
2 Government grants includes CO2 compensation and investment grants mainly related to technology development including the pilot facility at 
Karmøy, which started production in 2018. 
3 Other includes the fair value of compensation for cancellation of wind power contracts in 2025 and 2024, as well as reimbursement of duties paid 
related to the divested Rolling activity, and reduced provision for selling costs of NOK 225 million in 2024. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 176

[page 177]
CO2 compensation regime in Norway
Hydros aluminium smelters in Norway are eligible for the Norwegian CO2-compensation scheme which partly 
compensates for the increased power-price due to the ETS costs being passed through to the consumers. The 
compensation scheme in Norway for the period 2024 to 2030 includes an annual cap on the total cost for the government 
and a requirement to spend the equivalent of 40 percent of the compensation for purposes aimed at reducing CO2 
emission and/or improving energy efficiency. Complying with the additional condition can be achieved over multiple years, 
not exceeding 2034.
Hydro earns compensation as aluminium is produced. The precise amount is approved and paid in the following year. 
Hydro recognizes estimated entitled CO2 compensation as earned based on the regulation and expected compensation 
level in relation to aluminium produced. Receivable CO2 compensation impacts the cost of inventory produced. For 2025, 
Hydro accrued NOK 3,444 million of expected, not approved CO2 compensation for aluminium produced. In addition, NOK 
183 million related to aluminium produced in 2024 was recognized in 2025 when the 2024 compensation was approved 
and paid. For 2024, Hydro accrued NOK 3,220 million of expected, not approved CO2 compensation for aluminium 
produced in 2024. In addition, NOK 32 million related to aluminium produced in 2023 was recognized in 2024 when the 
2023 compensation was approved and paid. Based on changes in the industries eligible to apply for compensation, it is 
probable that Hydro’s share of the total compensation for 2026 will be somewhat lower.
A total amount of NOK 1,451 million of the accrued compensation for 2025 and NOK 1,288 million for 2024 is contingent 
upon use of the equivalent amount for measures to reduce CO2 compensation and/or improve energy efficiency. Projects 
with cost estimates significantly exceeding these amounts were approved as compliant with the regulation in November 
2025. Hydro estimates that a spend for such measures at a cost of approximately 50 percent of the 2024 and 2025 
contingent compensation executed during 2024 and 2025 related to the relevant projects will be approved as compliant, 
while the remaining amount will be spent in future years. Hydro’s planned and initiated projects significantly exceed the 
amount accrued for 2024 and 2025, and also exceeds amounts included in the application for the program. The planned 
future actions covers the amount expected to be receivable over the program period 2024 to 2030. As the future 
measures are not fully allocated to internally approved projects, an updated assessment of whether the contingency will 
be fully complied with is done at least annually.
Compensation for settlement of supply contract
A supplier of wind power, Cloud Snurran AB, ceased delivery of power to Hydro in November 2024. The company has 
been reorganized during 2024 to 2025. Hydro has agreed to a settlement for voluntary termination of the long-term power 
purchase agreement (PPA) with the company. In the settlement, Hydro is entitled to a compensation of up to EUR 90 
million. The compensation is dependent on the value of the production facility in a future sale, and therefore with 
significant value uncertainty. The claim has been recognized to an estimated fair value of NOK 251 million. 
A supplier of wind power, Markbygden Ett AB, ceased delivery of power to Hydro in February 2023. The company has 
been reorganized during 2024. As part of the reorganization plan, Hydro has agreed to a settlement for the PPA with the 
company. In the settlement, Hydro is entitled to a compensation of up to EUR 248 million. The compensation is dependent 
on the value of the production facility in a future sale, and therefore with significant value uncertainty. The claim was 
recognized in 2024 at an estimated fair value of NOK 770 million. The claims established are accounted for as financial 
claims at fair value with any changes to the value included in finance income.
Note 5.3   Raw material and energy expense
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Raw material expense and energy expense  133 952  128 634 
Change in inventories own production  (836)  715 
Raw material and energy expense  133 116  129 349 
Raw material expense and production related cost include effect of commodity derivative instruments. See note 8.3 
Derivative instruments and hedge accounting.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 177

[page 178]
Section 6 - Specification of operating capital elements
Note 6.1   Inventories
§ Accounting policies for inventories
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost, using the first-in, first-out method (FIFO), or net realizable value. Net 
realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less estimated costs of completion 
and selling costs. Inventory cost includes direct materials, direct labor and a portion of production overhead 
(manufactured goods) or the purchase price of the inventory. Abnormal amounts of idle facility expense, freight, 
handling costs, and wasted materials are recognized as expense in the current period. Inventory write-downs to net 
realizable value occurs when the cost of the inventory is not recoverable, and is reversed in later periods if there is 
clear evidence of an increase in the net realizable value.
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Aluminium standard ingot  2 552  2 375 
Aluminium casthouse products  6 171  5 749 
Fabricated aluminium products  3 295  3 397 
Alumina  2 568  2 900 
Aluminium scrap  2 471  2 208 
Work in progress  3 275  3 483 
Other raw materials  4 308  4 960 
Spare parts  3 156  3 115 
Inventories  27 798  28 187 
Raw materials include purchased raw materials such as bauxite, caustic soda, oil, coal and other input factors used in the 
production; however, excluding alumina and aluminium intended for use in Hydro's production of other products. All 
amounts are net of any write-downs.
Note 6.2   Trade and other receivables
§ Accounting policies for trade receivables
Trade receivables are initially recognized at transaction price, subsequently accounted for at amortized cost and are 
reviewed for impairment on an ongoing basis. Individual accounts are assessed for impairment taking into 
consideration indicators of financial difficulty and management assessment. Portfolios of trade receivables where 
expected losses are more than insignificant are reduced for those expected losses. Discounting generally does not 
have a material effect on trade receivables, however, in special cases discounting may be applied. Hydro’s business 
model for most trade receivable is to hold the receivables to collect the contractual cash flows. For some portfolios of 
trade receivables, factoring is applied.
! Significant judgment in accounting for receivables
In some jurisdictions, including Brazil, significant tax credit amounts are generated for use against future indirect 
and/or income tax payments. Repayment in cash is made subject to a set of conditions, including availability of 
funds at the tax authorities, and cannot be expected on a regular basis. The value of such credits depends on 
future generation of taxes. Economic conditions and tax regulations may change and lead to a different conclusion 
regarding recoverability.
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Trade receivables  17 734  20 854 
VAT and other sales taxes  2 286  2 017 
Other current receivables  6 436  6 097 
Allowance for credit losses  (521)  (458) 
Trade and other receivables  25 934  28 510 
Of total trade receivables at year end 2025, about 10 percent were past due, with the majority within 30 days. The Hydro 
Extrusions and Hydro Metal Markets segments have the majority of overdue receivables.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 178

[page 179]
Note 6.3   Trade and other payables
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Accounts payable  19 081  19 690 
Payroll and value added taxes  3 815  3 892 
Accrued liabilites and other payables  3 498  3 394 
Trade and other payables  26 394  26 976 
Section 7 - Capital management and cash management
Note 7.1   Capital management
Hydro's capital management policy is to maximize value creation over time, while maintaining a strong financial position, 
an investment grade credit rating, and strong liquidity. During 2025 net cash provided by operating activities exceeded net 
cash used in investing activities.
Credit rating
To secure access to capital markets at attractive terms and remain financially solid, Hydro aims to maintain an investment 
grade credit rating from the leading agencies, S&P Global (current rating BBB, stable outlook) and Moody's (current rating 
Baa2, stable outlook). Hydro’s key targets for financial solidity are described below.
Funding and liquidity
Hydro manages its funding requirements centrally to cover group operating requirements and long-term capital needs. 
Hydro has an ambition to access national and international capital markets as primary sources for external long-term 
funding. 
As of December 31, 2025, Hydro held NOK 16.1 billion in cash and cash equivalents. In addition, NOK 6.8 billion were 
held as time deposits, classified as short-term investments. These instruments are managed as part of Hydro’s liquidity 
management, aiming to optimize the return on cash positions. Hydro’s policy is that the maturity of such positions shall be 
shorter than 12 months. Time deposits are normally available at shorter notice, subject to bank approval and potential 
break costs. Hydro has two syndicated revolving credit facilities, USD 1,600 million maturing in November 2030 and USD 
800 million maturing in November 2027. Both facilities are available as sub-facility swinglines to facilitate immediate 
liquidity needs. Both facilities were undrawn per year-end 2025. In addition, Hydro has access to overdraft facilities and 
liquidity lines which can provide additional short-term liquidity.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 179
1 See the Alternative Performance Measures section later in this report for more information

[page 180]
Funding of subsidiaries, associates and jointly controlled entities
Normally the parent company, Norsk Hydro ASA, extends loans or equity to fully-owned subsidiaries to fund capital 
requirements. All financing is executed on an arm’s length basis. To the extent Hydro offers loans to part-owned 
subsidiaries and investments in associates and joint arrangements, the policy is to participate according to Hydro’s 
ownership share, on equal terms with the other owners. Project financing is used for certain funding requirements mainly 
to mitigate risk while also considering partnership and other relevant factors. 
Trade finance products such as factoring and reverse factoring are used to some extent by subsidiaries, mainly to 
facilitate risk mitigation in specific trade relations or markets. Hydro has internal guidelines limiting the use of such 
instruments to where it adds commercial value, as these instruments should not be used as a source for funding. Hydro 
has set a total limit for such arrangements including any type of sales of receivables. The limit is currently NOK 5.5 billion 
but was not fully utilized at year-end.
Shareholder remuneration
The long-term return to shareholders should reflect the value created by Hydro and consists of share price development 
and shareholder distributions. Hydro aims to provide its shareholders with a predictable dividend and competitive return 
compared with alternative investments in similar companies. Hydro’s ambition is to distribute a minimum of 50 percent of 
adjusted net income attributable to Hydro shareholders1 as ordinary dividends over the cycle, with a dividend floor of NOK 
1.25 per share. Share buybacks or extraordinary dividends will supplement dividends during periods of strong financials, 
with due consideration being given to the commodity cycle and capital requirements for future growth, aligned with the 
capital structure targets.
Hydro's capital management measures
Hydro's management uses the Adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio to assess the group’s financial solidity and 
ability to absorb volatility in the markets. Hydro targets, over the business cycle, a ratio of average Adjusted net debt to 
adjusted EBITDA below 2 supported by a target for Adjusted net debt of around NOK 25 billion. At year-end, the Adjusted 
net debt level will normally be below this target in anticipation of coming dividend payment. Hydro continuously evaluates 
the efficiency of the capital structure and takes this into account when proposing shareholder distribution.
Net debt is defined as Hydro's cash and cash equivalents plus short-term investments and cash collateral for long-term 
liabilities, less short- and long-term interest-bearing debt. Adjusted net debt excludes cash positions regarded as 
unavailable for servicing debt, and adds other obligations which are considered debt-like in nature. 
Hydro considers the definition of Net debt to be a relevant metric for valuation purposes, while the Adjusted net debt 
definition is a better indicator of Hydro’s financial position at the balance sheet date.
The tables below present the calculation of average Adjusted net debt and the average Adjusted net debt to adjusted 
EBITDA ratio and Adjusted net debt. 
Average Adjusted net debt / Adjusted EBITDA
Amounts in NOK million, except ratio 2025 2024
Average Adjusted net debt  (21 051)  (24 418) 
Adjusted EBITDA  28 889  26 318 
Average Adjusted net debt / Adjusted EBITDA 0.73 0.93
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 180

[page 181]
Adjusted net debt
Amounts in NOK million Dec 31 2025 Sep 30 2025 Jun 30 2025 Mar 31 2025 Dec 31 2024 Sep 30 2024 Jun 30 2024 Mar 31 2024
Cash and cash equivalents  16 085  14 703  18 809  18 945  15 049  18 875  18 886  19 622 
Short-term investments ¹⁾  10 600  8 132  3 051  2 943  3 467  3 928  3 760  4 968 
Short-term debt  (8 149)  (8 281)  (7 710)  (13 150)  (11 601)  (13 935)  (16 249)  (8 169) 
Long-term debt  (28 425)  (28 720)  (29 838)  (24 021)  (23 147)  (23 864)  (22 867)  (30 996) 
Collateral for long-term liabilities  220  575  225  225  256  249  228  682 
Net debt  (9 669)  (13 590)  (15 462)  (15 058)  (15 976)  (14 747)  (16 243)  (13 893) 
Collateral for short-term and long-term liabilities ²⁾  (2 848)  (2 218)  (1 581)  (1 592)  (2 162)  (2 588)  (2 410)  (1 911) 
Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments in captive insurance company ³⁾  (1 267)  (1 478)  (1 525)  (1 278)  (1 214)  (1 280)  (1 221)  (1 233) 
Net pension asset (obligation) at fair value, net of expected income tax benefit ⁴⁾  898  561  (111)  420  310  (346)  (69)  32 
Short- and long-term provisions net of expected income tax benefit, and other liabilities ⁵⁾  (5 327)  (4 389)  (4 357)  (4 334)  (5 025)  (6 025)  (6 191)  (5 641) 
Adjusted net debt in assets held for sale and liabilities in disposal groups ⁶⁾  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  158 
Adjusted net debt  (18 213)  (21 114)  (23 036)  (21 843)  (24 066)  (24 985)  (26 133)  (22 488) 
1 Hydro's policy is that the maximum maturity for cash deposits is 12 months. Bank deposits with original maturities beyond three months are classified as investing activities and included in short-term investments on the balance sheet.
2 Collateral provided as cash, mainly related to derivatives used for risk management.
3 Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments in Hydro's captive insurance company Industriforsikring AS are assumed to not be available to service or repay future Hydro debt, and are therefore excluded from the measure Adjusted net debt.
4 The expected income tax liability related to the net pension asset is NOK 763 million and NOK 579 million, respectively for 2025 and 2024.
5 Consists of Hydro's short and long-term provisions related to asset retirement obligations, net of an expected tax benefit estimated at 30 percent, and other non-current financial liabilities.
6 Adjustment to include Adjusted net debt related to Hydro Rein which was classified as held for sale.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 181

[page 182]
Note 7.2   Cash and cash equivalents
§ Accounting policies for cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents in the balance sheet includes cash, bank deposits and all other monetary instruments with 
a maturity of less than three months from the date of acquisition and are measured at nominal value. Hydro 
recognizes cash received when amounts are available on Hydro’s bank account. Similarly, Hydro recognizes cash 
payments to settle liabilities when the payment is initiated by Hydro and the amount paid is no longer available.
Liquidity management
Hydro manages its liquidity requirements centrally to cover group operating requirements. Hydro operates cash pools in 
several currencies where wholly owned subsidiaries participate, to the extent permitted by country legislation. Such cash 
pool arrangements facilitate netting of cash positions within the group, thereby reducing the requirement for external 
financing, and centralizing management of aggregated positions. At the end of 2025, NOK 4.7 billion of Hydro's cash 
position of NOK 16.1 billion was outside such group arrangements, mainly in Brazil.
Note 7.3   Short-term investments
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Equity securities  404  376 
Debt securities  817  752 
Time deposits ¹⁾  6 767  448 
Collateral accounts and other  2 611  1 891 
Total short-term investments  10 600  3 467 
1 Time deposits in banks with a maturity of three months or more at inception. Short-term bank deposits are normally available at short notice.
Note 7.4   Short and long-term debt
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Bank loans and overdraft facilities  103  11 
Current portion of long-term debt  8 046  11 591 
Bank loans and other interest-bearing short-term debt  8 149  11 601 
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Unsecured loans  31 721  30 069 
Other loans  445  - 
Lease liabilities  4 305  4 669 
Outstanding debt  36 471  34 738 
Less: Current portion  (8 046)  (11 591) 
Total long-term debt  28 425  23 147 
The majority of long-term loans are held by the parent company. There are no financial covenants for those loans. Some 
loans held by part-owned subsidiaries have financial covenants as part of the terms. 
As of December 31, 2025, long-term debt includes five bonds in NOK listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (Euronext Oslo) 
and three bonds in EUR listed on the Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin). As of December 31, 2025, the market value 
of these bonds were approximately NOK 0.2 billion higher than the carrying value which is the amortized cost.
Information about payment schedule for long-term debt is included in note 8.1 Financial and commercial risk management
 
under Liquidity risk.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 182

[page 183]
Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
Amounts in NOK million Long-term debt
Bank loans and 
other interest-
bearing short-
term debt Other
Total liabilities 
from financing 
activities
December 31, 2023  28 978  7 111  2 284  38 372 
Cash flows:
Loan proceeds  4 125  602  -  4 727 
Loan repayments  -  (8 714)  -  (8 714) 
Net increase (decrease) in other short-term debt  -  (524)  (1 718)  (2 242) 
Non-cash changes:
Net change in current balance  (13 951)  13 951  -  - 
New leases  1 123  -  -  1 123 
Lease debt cancellations  (98)  -  -  (98) 
Business combinations  73  40  -  113 
Divestments  (3)  (3)  421  415 
Term extension  349  (349)  -  - 
Amortizations and other  38  -  -  38 
Foreign currency effects  2 513  (512)  184  2 185 
December 31, 2024  23 147  11 601  1 171  35 920 
Cash flows:
Loan proceeds  13 540  99  -  13 639 
Loan repayments  -  (11 877)  -  (11 877) 
Net increase (decrease) in other short-term debt  -  (3)  9  6 
Non-cash changes:
Net change in current balance  (8 390)  8 390  -  - 
New leases  1 502  -  -  1 502 
Lease debt cancellations  (18)  -  -  (18) 
Fair value changes  -  -  (133)  (133) 
Amortizations and other  (18)  -  (52)  (70) 
Foreign currency effects  (1 338)  (61)  (11)  (1 410) 
December 31, 2025  28 425  8 149  984  37 558 
Note 7.5   Finance income and expense
§ Significant accounting policies
Foreign currency transactions
Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the functional currency of the transacting entity by applying 
the rate of exchange as of the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign 
currencies are translated into the functional currency at the rate of exchange at the balance sheet date. Currency 
gains or losses are included in Finance expense.
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Interest income (amortized cost)  1 072  1 542 
Dividends received and net gain (loss) on securities  (252)  59 
Interest and other finance income  820  1 601 
Foreign currency exchange gain (loss)  1 007  (5 646) 
Interest expense (amortized cost)  (2 357)  (2 734) 
Accretion  (252)  (460) 
Other  101  (386) 
Interest and other finance expense  (2 507)  (3 580) 
Finance income (expense), net  (680)  (7 625) 
Accretion represents the period's interest component for pension assets and obligations, asset retirement obligations and 
other liabilities measured as present value of future expected payments.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 183

[page 184]
Note 7.6   Shareholders' equity
Share capital
Number of shares
Ordinary shares 
issued Treasury shares
Ordinary shares 
outstanding
December 31, 2023  2 041 208 621  (29 161 161)  2 012 047 460 
Treasury shares issued to employees  -  1 014 373  1 014 373 
Treasury shares acquired  -  (25 317 621)  (25 317 621) 
Shares cancelled  (32 192 623)  21 163 019  (11 029 604) 
December 31, 2024  2 009 015 998  (32 301 390)  1 976 714 608 
Treasury shares issued to employees  -  871 699  871 699 
Treasury shares acquired  -  (1 849 084)  (1 849 084) 
Shares cancelled  (30 526 862)  20 067 969  (10 458 893) 
December 31, 2025  1 978 489 136  (13 210 806)  1 965 278 330 
The share capital of Norsk Hydro ASA as of December 31, 2025 was NOK 2,172,381,071 consisting of 1,978,489,136 
ordinary shares at par value of NOK 1.098 per share, all fully paid. The share capital as of December 31, 2024 was NOK 
2,205,899,566 consisting of 2,009,015,998 ordinary shares at par value of NOK 1.098 per share, all fully paid. All shares 
have equal rights and are freely transferable.
Treasury shares
On May 7, 2024, Hydro’s General Meeting approved a share buy-back program where the Board of Directors was granted 
power of attorney to acquire shares in Norsk Hydro ASA with the intention to cancel the shares. The shares could be 
purchased in the price interval of NOK 20 to NOK 150 per share. In total, 100 million shares could be cancelled, including 
redemption of shares held by the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries, retaining the relative ownership share of the Ministry at 
34.26 percent. The authorization applied until June 30, 2025. Buyback of shares under the program was completed on 
January 7, 2025. The total number of shares purchased under this program was 20,067,969, at a total cost of NOK 1,319 
million including transaction costs. The cancellation of these shares, the redemption of shares held by the Norwegian state, and 
closure of the program was approved by t
he Annual General Meeting on May 9, 2025. On June 27, all shares acquired 
under this program were cancelled. In addition, 10,458,893 shares representing the Ministry of Trade, Industry and 
Fisheries’ relative ownership were redeemed in the amount of NOK 686 million and cancelled.
The remaining 13,210,806 treasury shares may, pursuant to the decision of the General Meeting at the time these shares 
were acquired, be used as consideration in connection with commercial transactions or share schemes for the employees 
and representatives of the Board of Directors.
Per December 31, 2025, treasury shares amounted to NOK 440 million, comprised of NOK 15 million share capital and 
NOK 426 million retained earnings.
Change in Other components of equity
The table below specifies the changes in Other components of equity for 2025 and 2024.
Items that will not be reclassified to income statement
Remeasurement postemployment benefits
January 1  3 727  2 676 
Remeasurement postemployment benefits during the year  567  1 341 
Reclassified to Retained earnings on sale of subsidiaries  -  3 
Deferred tax offset  (137)  (293) 
December 31  4 157  3 727 
Unrealized gain/loss on assets measured at FVOCI
January 1  (132)  414 
Period unrealized gain/loss on FVOCI securities  (139)  (404) 
Disposal of equity securities at FVOCI  98  (141) 
December 31  (174)  (132) 
Other components of equity in Associates/Joint Ventures not to be reclassified to the income 
January 1  (1)  - 
Share of items that will not be reclassified to the income statement of equity accounted 
investments, net of tax  2  - 
Reclassified to Retained Earnings on sale of subsidiaries  -  (1) 
December 31  1  (1) 
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 184

[page 185]
Items that will be reclassified to income statement
Currency translation differences
January 1  4 485  2 444 
Currency translation differences during the year  (4 049)  2 130 
Reclassified to Net income on divestment of foreign operation  (55)  (51) 
Reclassified to Other components of equity in equity accounted investments on divestment of 
foreign operation  -  (38) 
December 31  381  4 485 
Cash flow hedges - see note 8.3 Derivative instruments and hedge accounting
January 1  (828)  612 
Period gain (loss) recognized in Other comprehensive income  1 213  (1 667) 
Reclassification of hedging gain (loss) to Net income  168  (531) 
Tax expense  (473)  758 
December 31  79  (828) 
Other components of equity in equity accounted investments
January 1  31  2 
Period gain (loss) recognized in Other comprehensive income  (45)  (9) 
Currency translation differences reclassified to Other components of equity in equity accounted 
investments upon sale of subsidiary  -  38 
December 31  (14)  31 
Total other components of equity attributable to Hydro shareholders as of December 31  8 857  11 854 
Total other components of equity attributable to non-controlling interests as of December 31  (4 427)  (4 572) 
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Earnings per share
Basic and diluted earnings per share is computed using Net income attributable to Hydro shareholders and the weighted 
average number of outstanding shares in each year. There are no significant diluting elements. The weighted average 
number of outstanding shares used for calculating basic and diluted earnings per share was 1,970,106,821 for 2025 and 
1,997,800,202 for 2024.
Hydro's outstanding founder certificates and subscription certificates entitle the holders to participate in any share capital 
increase, provided that the capital increase is not made in order to allot shares to third parties as compensation for their 
transfer of assets to Hydro. These certificates represent dilutive elements for the earnings per share computation.
Note 7.7   Dividends
Hydro's Board of Directors proposes a dividend per share in connection with the approval of the annual result in February. 
The Annual General Meeting considers this proposal, normally in May, and the approved dividend is then paid to the 
shareholders. Dividends are usually paid once each calendar year, generally occurring in May. For non-Norwegian 
shareholders, Norwegian withholding tax will be deducted at source in accordance with the applicable Norwegian tax 
regulations. 
For fiscal year 2025 the Board of Directors has proposed a dividend of NOK 3.00 per share to be paid in May 2026. The 
Annual General Meeting, scheduled to be held May 7, 2026, will consider this dividend proposal. If approved, this would 
be a total dividend of approximately NOK 5,896 million. In accordance with IFRS, the fiscal year 2025 proposed dividend 
is not recognized as a liability in the 2025 financial statements.
Dividends declared and paid in 2025 and 2024 for the prior fiscal year, respectively, are as follows:
Paid in 2025 for 
fiscal year 2024
Paid in 2024 for 
fiscal year 2023
Dividend per share paid, NOK  2.25  2.50 
Total dividends paid, NOK million  4 445  5 015 
Date proposed February 13, February 13, 
Date approved May 9, 2025 May 7, 2024
Dividend payment date May 20, 2025 May 21, 2024
Dividends to non-controlling shareholders in Hydro's subsidiaries are reported as dividends in Consolidated statements of 
changes in equity.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 185

[page 186]
Section 8 - Financial risk and financial instruments
Note 8.1   Financial and commercial risk management
Hydro is exposed to market risks related to the prices of products produced and sold, and the input factors purchased and 
used, as well as currency risk. Risks may differ short-term and long-term. Short-term risks are to a large extent related to 
global and regional market volatility. Longer term risks are also impacted by megatrends such as the green transition and 
relative competition strength for countries and regions. 
Market preference for low carbon aluminium will benefit Hydro as we believe we have a competitive advantage, with CO2 
intensity well below the industry average and aluminium products with low emissions attracting a premium above generic 
metal prices. See also discussion in note 1.1 Reporting entity, basis of presentation, significant accounting estimates and 
judgment. Changes in regulatory conditions, such as global or regional carbon prices will impact the competitive 
landscape. Depending on how and where such carbon prices are introduced, Hydro may benefit from changes, while it is 
also a risk that some of the plants will experience cost disadvantages during the transition period.
Short- and medium-term price risks are managed based on the margin between sales prices and cost of raw materials 
and energy. Margin risks are managed partly at segment level and partly combined for the group.
Hydro’s main strategy for managing market volatility is to maintain strong liquidity, a strong balance sheet and an 
investment grade credit rating. In addition, a combination of financial and physical contracts, including derivatives, is used 
to manage margin risk.
Hydro’s sales contracts mainly cover periods for up to one year, supplemented with frame arrangements that can cover 
several years. Prices are usually determined with reference to observed market prices or fixed, negotiated prices 
determined no more than one year prior to delivery. Raw materials are purchased with prices fixed for periods varying 
between one month up to three years. Some key raw materials are purchased under long-term contracts with prices linked 
to observable market prices on the same or related products. Energy, in particular electricity for use in aluminium smelters, 
is purchased at long-term contracts with duration up to 20 years, mainly at fixed prices. Energy for other production 
facilities, including natural gas, fuel oil and coal, is purchased under contracts where prices are fixed for shorter intervals. 
Hydro secures access to most key input factors through contracts covering at least four months, for many raw materials 
longer periods. Hydro is exposed to risks related to availability of products. These risks are managed by monitoring the 
operational and financial performance of key suppliers in order to reduce the risk of default on operations and key 
projects, and by keeping in constructive dialogue with relevant contract parties.
Commodity and Energy price risk exposure
Aluminium
Regional market places for aluminium sold as standard ingot exists several places. London Metal Exchange (LME) is the 
most important to Hydro, and is the point of reference in many contracts, both for sale and purchase of products and for 
derivatives. Hydro produces and recycles aluminium, which is partly sold as casthouse products and partly consumed in 
production of upgraded industrial products in Hydro Extrusions. Hydro also purchases aluminium for use in Extrusions, 
primary production casthouses and for recycling. Hydro engages in limited trading activities to optimize capacity utilization, 
reduce logistical costs and strengthen the market positions, in addition to some speculative trading activities within strict 
volume and risk limits.
Long-term price risk for aluminium is managed with the aim to achieve a reasonable production margin measured as the 
difference between the aluminium price and the prices of key raw materials alumina, pitch, petroleum coke, anodes, and 
energy. Prices for raw materials and energy are to a limited extent linked to, or correlated with, the aluminium price. Hydro 
enters into derivative forward sale contracts both on the LME and with banks to secure prices on parts of the planned 
aluminium production as part of securing a margin level for periods up to about three years combined with locking in 
prices for a part of raw materials through fixed-price sourcing contracts or derivatives when considered beneficial, whether 
based on the market situation or to secure cash flow for specific projects. 
Hydro's sales of primary aluminium and aluminium casthouse products include a premium above the quoted price on 
LME. The pricing of these premiums can be volatile, and is related to physical demand and supply, with regional and 
product-related differences. There are limited possibilities for hedging future premiums, except for standard ingot 
premiums, for which a forward market exists. Hydro has from time to time entered into contracts for standard ingot 
premiums to mitigate risk in sales contracts.
Short-term price risk for aluminium relates to time difference in pricing of purchases of aluminium for use in production of 
upgraded product or for resale, compared to sale of aluminium. Hydro enters into aluminium future contracts on LME with 
a maturity of mainly one to three months to mitigate unwanted price risk short term. The main purpose is to achieve an 
average LME aluminium price on smelter production and manage aluminium price risk in other parts of the portfolio. In 
addition, Hydro seeks to mitigate timing risk in the pricing patterns for sale of upgraded products, purchase of aluminium 
for recycling, and purchase of third-party products (back-to-back hedging). Hydro manages these exposures on a portfolio 
basis, taking derivative positions based upon net exposures. 
Alumina
Hydro's production of alumina normally exceeds the alumina consumption in its primary aluminium production. In addition, 
Hydro has long-term agreements to purchase alumina from third parties. The majority of purchase and sale contracts are 
priced with reference to alumina spot price indexes, however, some long-term contracts with links to the aluminium price 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 186

[page 187]
on LME exists. Prices for aluminium and alumina have historically been correlated over longer periods, however, price 
development may differ significantly short term. Alumina forward markets are considered to have limited liquidity.
Non-controlling interests in Alunorte alumina refinery have a right and an obligation to purchase alumina at an agreed 
price with reference to the PAX alumina index.
Bauxite
Hydro is a producer and consumer of bauxite. Hydro's need for bauxite is secured through own production as well as by 
long-term contracts. The purchasing contracts have links to the LME aluminium price and to the alumina spot price 
development. 
Energy
Hydro is a large consumer of energy in several countries. Energy is consumed as electrical power, natural gas, and coal, 
with power as the main energy carrier. Hydro also has significant power production in Norway. Hydro's power consumption 
is mainly secured through long-term contracts with power suppliers, including project companies with a limited production 
portfolio, and through Hydro's own production. Energy production and prices are to an increasing degree volatile, both 
from the increased volume of renewable energy from solar and wind for which available volume fluctuates with weather 
conditions, from initiatives to reduce CO2 emissions through market mechanisms such as cap-and-trade schemes and 
other regulatory initiatives, as well as the energy shortage in Europe caused by geopolitical uncertainty.
Transition to net zero GHG emissions represents both potential advantages and risks to Hydro, see discussion in note 1.1 
Reporting entity, basis of presentation, significant accounting estimates and judgment.
Hydro's own electricity production is influenced by hydrological conditions which can vary significantly, and where 
production short-term is managed to match physical need and market prices. The net power position in Norway is 
balanced out in the Nordic power market through spot sales and purchases.
Hydro is engaged in development projects for new renewable energy, mainly solar and wind power projects in Brazil and 
Scandinavia. The majority of these projects are through the joint venture Hydro Rein.
Hydro also uses fossil energy carriers, mainly natural gas and coal in the alumina refinery Alunorte and natural gas for 
casthouses and other industrial processes.  
In order to manage risks related to price and volume fluctuations, Hydro utilizes mainly physical contracts securing 
purchase of power at fixed prices or with relevant price links, for some contracts to the aluminium price. Fossil fuels are 
mainly purchased on contracts with a duration of up to four years or contracts priced to observable market prices. Physical 
sourcing contracts are supplemented with derivatives to manage volatility and unwanted exposure. Hydro also participates 
in trading activities within strict volume and risk limits. 
Foreign currency risk exposure
Operational currency exposure
The sales prices of Hydro's upstream products bauxite, alumina, and primary aluminium, are mainly denominated in US 
dollars, while sales of mid- and downstream products are mainly priced in US dollars and Euro. Further, the prices of 
major raw materials used in Hydro's production processes are quoted in US dollars in the international commodity 
markets, while power is predominantly priced in Euro in Europe, including Norway. Hydro also incurs significant local costs 
related to the production, distribution and marketing of products in several different currencies, mainly Norwegian Krone, 
Brazilian Real, Euro and US dollars. Hydro's primary operational foreign currency risk is consequently linked to 
fluctuations in the value of the US dollar and Euro, and in these currencies versus the currencies in which significant costs 
are incurred. In addition, Hydro's results and equity are influenced by appreciation and depreciation of local functional 
currencies and the Norwegian Krone as the Group's presentation currency.
To mitigate some of the impact of exchange rate fluctuations, Hydro uses foreign currency swaps and forward contracts 
and maintains long-term debt in currencies reflecting the operational exposures.
Foreign currency risk exposure in receivables, payables and loans
Short-term receivables and payables are often held in currencies other than the functional currency of the unit, 
predominantly in US dollars and Euro. Borrowings and deposits are mainly held in currencies that contribute to taking 
down the overall currency exposure. Most of the exposure in financing arrangements exists in the parent company in 
Norway and in the part-owned subsidiaries, mainly in Brazil.
Embedded currency derivatives in non-financial contracts, including the Euro priced electricity contracts in Norway, 
contains a currency exposure which is separately recognized. 
Interest rate risk exposure
Hydro is exposed to changes in interest rates, primarily as a result of financing its business operations with debt and 
managing its liquidity in different currencies. Hydro’s financial instruments are also exposed to changes in interest rates in 
connection with valuation. While cash reserves earn short-term interest, the bonds pay a mix of floating short-term interest 
and long-term fixed interest. The strategy is to keep a mix of floating and fixed interest exposures on the debt.
Financial instruments and provisions are also exposed to changes in interest rates in connection with valuation and 
discounting of positions to present value.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 187

[page 188]
Credit risk exposure
Hydro manages credit risk by setting counterparty risk limits and establishing procedures for monitoring exposures and 
timely settlement of customer accounts and contracts. Credit risk is further limited through the use of credit insurance, 
and, in some markets, the sale of receivables to banks. Prepayments or guarantees are required where credit risk is 
outside the limits set for the relevant counterpart. Hydro is also monitoring the financial performance of key counterparties 
in order to reduce both operational and financial risk. Our overall credit risk exposure is reduced due to a diversified 
customer base representing various industries and geographic areas. Enforceable netting agreements, guarantees, and 
credit insurance, also contribute to a lower credit risk.
Credit risk arising from derivatives is generally limited to net exposures. Exposure limits are established for financial 
institutions relating to current accounts, deposits and other obligations. Credit risk related to commodity derivatives is 
limited by settlement through commodity exchanges such as the London Metal Exchange, Nasdaq OMX and banks, and 
through margin arrangements. Current counterparty risk related to the use of derivative instruments and financial 
operations is considered moderate.
Liquidity risk exposure
Volatile commodity prices and exchange rates as well as fluctuating business volumes and inventory levels can have a 
substantial effect on Hydro's cash positions and borrowing requirements.
Liquidity risk deriving from margin calls on derivative contracts varies with positions. Long-term positions associated with 
strategic risk management are mostly covered by CSAs (credit facilities), while short-term operational risk management 
and trading is exposed to liquidity risk. The risk is managed to balance the commodity price risk and liquidity risk.
Short-term liquidity requirements are managed by drawing on cash reserves and committed credit facilities. Long-term 
funding requirements are met primarily by issuing long-term bonds, bank debt, or ultimately raising new equity in available 
markets as described in note 7.1 Capital managemen
t. Some suppliers have access to supply chain finance facilities, 
which allows those suppliers to benefit from Hydro’s credit profile. The use of such products is limited and does not extend 
Hydro’s credit period beyond normal commercial terms. Further, all other financial liabilities, such as trade payables, with 
the exception of derivatives, have a final maturity date within one year.
A summary of Hydro's total contractual obligations and commercial commitments to make future payments is presented 
below:
Amounts in NOK million
Long-term debt 
incl. interest ¹⁾
Unconditional 
purchase 
obligations ²⁾
Contractual 
commitments 
 Short-term and 
long-term 
provisions ³⁾
Total obligations, 
undiscounted
2026  9 712  50 024  3 021  4 982  67 740 
2027  6 348  42 723  909  1 153  51 133 
2028  6 581  40 389  500  468  47 938 
2029  4 740  38 695  318  432  44 184 
2030  2 506  38 129  82  308  41 025 
Thereafter  13 167  176 511  -  3 590  193 267 
Total  43 053  386 469  4 830  10 934  445 286 
1 See note 7.4 Short and long-term debt.
2 Unconditional purchase obligations include long-term contracts with equity accounted investees.
3 See note 4.1 Uncertain assets and liabilities.
Hydro has long-term contractual commitments for the purchase of aluminium, raw materials, electricity, and transportation. 
The future non-cancellable fixed and determinable obligations under purchase commitments as of December 31, 2025 are 
shown in the following table:
Amounts in NOK million
Bauxite, alumina 
and aluminium Energy related Other Total
2026  36 849  11 662  1 513  50 024 
2027  29 986  11 668  1 069  42 723 
2028  27 444  11 895  1 050  40 389 
2029  27 655  10 155  885  38 695 
2030  27 546  9 751  832  38 129 
Thereafter  101 918  74 068  525  176 511 
Total  251 397  129 198  5 874  386 469 
Amounts relating to contracts which are entirely or partly linked to market prices such as LME are based on the spot price 
at the balance sheet date.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 188

[page 189]
The following table specifies Hydro’s payment obligations related to investments:
Amounts in NOK million Total
Contract commitments for investments in property, plant and equipment  4 811 
Additional authorized future investments in property, plant and equipment  8 433 
Venturer's share of capital commitments of the joint ventures themselves  - 
Contract commitments for other future investments  19 
Total  13 263 
Additional authorized future investments include projects formally approved for development by the Board of Directors or 
management. General investment frames are excluded from these amounts.
An overview of estimated gross cash flows from derivatives accounted for as liabilities and assets is presented below. 
Many of these assets and liabilities are offset by cash flows from contracts not accounted for as derivatives.
Risk of significant cash payments or margin calls related to derivative instruments is managed within set volume limits, 
value-at-risk and tenor limits for relevant activities.
Expected gross cash flows from derivatives accounted for as financial liabilities and financial assets, respectively, as of 
end of year:
2025 2024
Amounts in NOK million Liabilities Assets Liabilities Assets
2025  (2 478)  339 
2026  (3 188)  1 025  (1 204)  206 
2027  (1 103)  404  (113)  44 
2028  (178)  125  (90)  47 
Thereafter  (541)  443  (293)  482 
Total  (5 010)  1 997  (4 178)  1 118 
The cash flows above are to a large extent subject to enforceable netting agreements reducing Hydro's exposure 
substantially.
For additional information on contracts accounted for at fair value, see note 8.3 Derivative instruments and hedge 
accounting.
Note 8.2   Financial instruments
§ Accounting policies for financial instruments
Financial assets
Financial assets represent a contractual right by Hydro to receive cash or another financial asset in the future. 
Financial assets include financial derivatives and commodity derivative contracts, receivables and equity interests, as 
well as financial instruments used for cash-flow hedges.
Financial assets are recognized in accordance with IFRS 9 Financial Instruments. On initial recognition, a financial 
asset is classified as measured at amortized cost, at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) or at 
fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL). Classification depends on the contractual terms, the business model and, for 
some instruments, the company’s choice. Financial assets are derecognized when the rights to receive cash from the 
asset have expired or when Hydro has transferred the asset.
Trade receivables
Trade receivables are initially recognized at transaction price, subsequently accounted for at amortized cost and are 
reviewed for impairment on an ongoing basis. Individual accounts are assessed for impairment taking into 
consideration indicators of financial difficulty and management assessment. Portfolios of trade receivable where 
expected losses are more than insignificant are reduced for those expected losses. Discounting generally does not 
have a material effect on accounts receivable, however, in special cases discounting may be applied. Hydro’s 
business model for most trade receivable is to hold the receivables to collect the contractual cash flows. For some 
portfolios of trade receivables, factoring is applied.
Debt instruments
Debt instruments other than trade receivables include bank deposits and all other monetary instruments with a 
maturity above three months at the date of purchase, investments in debt securities, and certain other receivables. 
These instruments are measured at amortized cost, with the exception of instruments where cash flows are not 
contractually fixed and/or consists of other elements in addition to interest and repayments; and thus required to be 
measured at FVTPL. 
Short-term debt instruments are included in Short-term investments. Long-term debt instruments are included in 
Other non-current assets.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 189

[page 190]
Equity instruments
Hydro’s portfolio of trading securities is measured at FVTPL and included in Short-term investments. Other equity 
investments in companies that are not consolidated or accounted for using the equity method are classified as either 
FVTPL or FVOCI on an individual investment basis. Hydro classifies investments in other entities with strategic or 
operational purposes, such as getting access to raw materials or in other ways cooperating with those entities, 
primarily as FVOCI, as Hydro considers this classification to be more relevant. Any dividend received from such 
investment is recognized in Finance income. On disposal of these investments, no gain or loss will be recognized in 
the income statement, however, any related accumulated value change will be reclassified from Other components of 
equity to Retained earnings.
Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities represent a contractual obligation by Hydro to deliver cash in the future and are classified as either 
short- or long-term. Financial liabilities include financial derivatives, commodity derivative contracts and other financial 
liabilities as well as financial instruments used for cash-flow hedges. Financial liabilities, with the exception of 
derivatives, are initially recognized at fair value, including transaction costs directly attributable to the transaction, and 
are subsequently measured at amortized cost. Financial liabilities are derecognized when the obligation is discharged 
through payment, when Hydro has irrevocably initiated payment, or when Hydro is legally released from the primary 
responsibility for the liability.
Derivative instruments
Derivative instruments are measured at fair value through profit and loss, except when the instruments meet the 
criteria for cash flow hedge accounting and are designated as hedge instruments. Derivatives, including hedging 
instruments and embedded derivatives, with expected cash flows within twelve months from the balance sheet date, 
or held solely for trading, are classified as short-term. Instruments with expected cash flows more than 12 months 
after the balance sheet date are classified as short and long-term based on the timing of the estimated cash flows.
Derivative contracts are presented gross on the balance sheet unless contract terms include the possibility to settle 
the contracts on a net basis and Hydro has the intention and ability to do so. The ability to settle net is conditional on 
simultaneous offsetting cash-flows.
Physical contracts for commodities that are readily convertible to cash are evaluated on a portfolio basis. Portfolios 
are defined based on business purpose, internal mandates and internal responsibilities. If a portfolio of contracts 
contains contracts of a similar nature that are settled net in cash, or the underlying products are not intended for own 
use, the entire portfolio of contracts is recognized at fair value and classified as derivatives. Physical commodity 
contracts that are entered into and continue to be held for the purpose of the receipt or delivery of the commodity in 
accordance with Hydro's expected purchase, sale or usage requirements (own use) are not accounted for at fair 
value. 
Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) are carefully considered. Hydro purchases significant quantities of power, the 
majority purchased on baseload contracts where the same quantity is delivered and received each hour during the 
contract period. These contracts are well aligned with Hydro’s need for production facilities such as aluminium 
smelters running on an ongoing basis throughout the year with no planned shutdown periods. Some contracts are for 
energy sources such as wind and solar power. For these sources, where production quantities vary with weather and 
other non-controlled conditions, contracts whereby a relative share of the actual produced quantity is delivered is 
more frequent. Hydro is exposed to such contracts in sourcing for the smelter portfolio in Norway. For Hydro’s activity 
in Norway, the variability is absorbed in combination with the hydropower production facilities owned and managed by 
Hydro. Purchased power is considered for own use assuming that Hydro’s consumption of power exceeds the 
quantities purchased. Net spot sales balancing out excess power is derived from Hydro’s production of power
Hydro considers the Nordic power market an integrated market. Power purchase at one point in the grid is considered 
physically received and used for own consumption needs even though the consumption may be from a different point 
in the integrated grid, and power is being transported between the connection points by the grid operator. 
Commodity purchase contracts are generally considered to be the primary source for usage requirements. Hydro's 
own production of such commodities, for instance electricity, alumina and primary aluminium, is considered to be 
available for use or sale at Hydro's discretion unless relevant concessions contain restrictions for use.
For commodity contracts with certain contingencies such as dependence on a planned production facility, the 
contracts are evaluated to determine at which time the arrangement represents a firm commitment and thus 
potentially is a contract in scope of IFRS 9. Generally, Hydro consider arrangements relying on production in a 
specific facility not yet existing and for which the final construction decision is not made, not to represent a derivative 
under IFRS 9. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 190

[page 191]
Derivative commodity instruments are marked-to-market with their fair value recorded in the balance sheet as either 
assets or liabilities. Valuation models take into consideration uncertainties and variability in volumes to be delivered or 
received where not contractually fixed. Changes in the fair value of the instruments are reflected in revenue and/or 
raw material cost. Forward currency contracts and currency options are recognized in the balance sheet and 
measured at fair value at each balance sheet date with the resulting gain or loss recorded in Finance expense. 
Interest income and expense relating to swaps are netted and recognized as income or expense over the life of the 
contract.
Hedge accounting is applied when specific hedge criteria are met, including documentation of the hedge relationship. 
The changes in fair value of the hedging instruments are offset in part or in full by the corresponding changes in the 
fair value or cash flows of the underlying hedged exposures. Gains and losses on cash flow hedging instruments are 
recognized in Other comprehensive income and deferred in the Hedging reserve in Other components of equity until 
the underlying transaction is recognized in the income statement. Deferred gains and losses relating to forecasted 
hedged transactions that are no longer expected to occur are immediately recognized in the income statement. Any 
amounts resulting from hedge ineffectiveness are recognized in the current period's income statement.
An embedded derivative is accounted for as a separate financial instrument, provided that the economic 
characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative are not closely related to those of the host contract, a separate 
instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition of a derivative, and the host 
contract is not accounted for at fair value. Embedded derivatives are classified both in the income statement and on 
the balance sheet based on the risks in the derivatives' underlying.
Financial instruments, and contracts accounted for as such, are in the balance sheet included in several line items 
and classified in categories for accounting treatment.
! Significant judgment in accounting for financial instruments
Determining whether contracts qualify as financial instruments at fair value or as contracts for own use involves 
evaluation of markets, Hydro's use of similar contracts and historic or planned use of physically delivered products 
under such contracts. The assessment includes considerations of production volume, sales volumes and the need for 
raw materials and energy over the period covered by the contract. Determining whether embedded derivatives are 
required to be separated and accounted for at fair value involves assessing price correlations and normal market 
pricing mechanisms for relevant products and marketplaces. 
Where no directly observable market prices exist, fair value is estimated through valuation models which rely on 
internal assumptions as well as observable market information such as forward curves, yield curves and interest 
rates. Market stability and liquidity impacts the reliability of observed prices and other market information, and 
consequently, the extent of judgment necessary to estimate appropriate market prices for valuation purposes. 
Volatility also impacts the magnitude of changes in estimated fair value, which can be substantial, in particular on 
long-term contracts. Historically, financial and commodity markets have been highly volatile.
The below specification relates to financial statement line items containing financial instruments. Information is classified 
and measured in accordance with IFRS 9.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 191

[page 192]
Amounts in NOK million
Derivatives at 
FVTPL ¹⁾
Derivatives 
identified as 
hedging 
instruments
Debt 
instruments at 
amortized cost
Financial 
instruments at 
FVTPL ²⁾
Equity 
instruments at 
FVOCI ¹⁾
Financial 
liabilities at 
amortized cost 
Non-financial 
assets and 
liabilities  ³⁾ Total
2025
Assets - current
Cash and cash equivalents  -  -  16 085  -  -  -  -  16 085 
Short-term investments  -  -  9 379  1 221  -  -  -  10 600 
Trade and other receivables  -  -  21 251  -  -  -  4 683  25 934 
Other current financial assets  742  198  -  -  -  -  123  1 064 
Assets - non-current
Investments accounted for using the equity method  -  -  -  -  -  -  22 041  22 041 
Other non-current assets  635  -  785  742  714  -  2 563  5 439 
Liabilities - current
Bank loans and other interest-bearing short-term debt  -  -  -  -  -  8 149  -  8 149 
Trade and other payables  -  -  -  -  -  14 189  12 205  26 394 
Other current financial liabilities  3 649  79  -  -  -  5  99  3 833 
Liabilities - non-current
Long-term debt  -  -  -  -  -  28 425  -  28 425 
Other non-current financial liabilities  4 217  -  -  908  -  75  -  5 200 
2024
Assets - current
Cash and cash equivalents  -  -  15 049  -  -  -  -  15 049 
Short-term investments  -  -  2 341  1 126  -  -  -  3 467 
Trade and other receivables  -  -  24 269  -  -  -  4 241  28 510 
Other current financial assets  268  -  -  -  -  -  144  412 
Assets - non-current
Investments accounted for using the equity method  -  -  -  -  -  -  25 054  25 054 
Other non-current assets  606  -  979  848  773  -  2 765  5 971 
Liabilities - current
Bank loans and other interest-bearing short-term debt  -  -  -  -  -  11 601  -  11 601 
Trade and other payables  -  -  -  -  -  14 078  12 898  26 976 
Other current financial liabilities  2 302  555  -  -  -  366  100  3 323 
Liabilities - non-current
Long-term debt  -  -  -  -  -  23 147  -  23 147 
Other non-current financial liabilities  4 300  691  -  1 036  -  136  -  6 163 
1 FVTPL is financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss. FVOCI is financial instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income.
2 Financial Instruments at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL) are instruments required by IFRS 9 to be at FVTPL.
3 Includes items that are excluded from the scope of IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures, such as investments accounted for using the equity method, except loans to such entities.
Financial assets, classified as current and non-current, 
represent the maximum exposure Hydro has towards 
credit risk as at the reporting date.
Collateral or margin calls are required for some financial 
liabilities, primarily related to derivative transactions. 
Such collaterals for financial instruments are made in 
the form of cash deposits, and reported as part of Short-
term investments and Other non-current assets. As of 
December 31, 2025, short-term collateral was NOK 2.6 
billion while long-term collateral was NOK 220 million. 
Corresponding amounts as of December 31, 2024 were 
NOK 1.9 billion and NOK 257 million, respectively.
Impairment of receivables are disclosed in note 6.2 
Trade and other receivables. No other financial assets 
are currently impaired based on credit losses. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 192

[page 193]
Gains and losses
Realized and unrealized gains and losses from financial instruments and contracts accounted for as financial instruments are included in several line items in the income statement. Below is a reconciliation of the effects from Hydro's financial instruments 
in the income statements:
Amounts in NOK million
Derivatives at 
FVTPL
Derivatives 
identified as 
hedging 
instruments
Debt 
instruments at 
amortized cost
Financial 
instruments at 
FVTPL
Equity 
instruments at 
FVOCI
Financial 
liabilities at 
amortized cost
Non-financial 
assets and 
liabilities Total ¹⁾
2025
Income statement line item
Revenue  2 986  168  -  -  -  -  -  3 154 
Raw material and energy expense  328  -  -  -  -  -  -  328 
Financial income  -  -  -  249  -  -  -  249 
Financial expense  (71)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (71) 
Currency effects  (1 114)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1 114) 
Gain/loss in Other comprehensive income
Recognized in Other comprehensive income (before tax)  -  -  -  -  136  -  -  136 
Removed from Other components of equity and recognized in the income statement  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
2024
Income statement line item
Revenue  1 014  (531)  -  -  -  -  -  483 
Raw material and energy expense  (196)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (196) 
Financial income  -  -  -  (60)  -  -  -  (60) 
Financial expense  (57)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (57) 
Currency effects  2 309  -  -  -  -  -  -  2 309 
Gain/loss in Other comprehensive income
Recognized in Other comprehensive income (before tax)  -  -  -  -  403  -  -  403 
Removed from Other components of equity and recognized in the income statement  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
1 Amounts indicates the total gains and losses to financial instruments for each specific income statement line.
Currency effects, with the exception of currency derivatives, are not included above. Negative amounts indicate a gain.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 193

[page 194]
Sensitivity analysis 
In accordance with IFRS, Hydro has chosen to provide information about market risk and potential exposure to hypothetical loss from its use of derivative financial instruments and other financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments through 
sensitivity analysis disclosures. The sensitivity analysis depicted in the tables below reflects the hypothetical gain/loss in fair values that would occur assuming a 10 percent increase in rates or prices and no changes in the portfolio of instruments held in 
Hydro’s continuing operations as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. Effects shown below are largely also representative of reductions in rates or prices by 10 percent, but with the opposite sign convention. Only effects that would ultimately 
be accounted for in the income statement, or equity, as a result of a change in rates or prices, are included. All changes are before tax.
Gain( loss) from 10 percent increase in
Foreign currency exchange rates Commodity prices
Amounts in NOK million
Fair value as of 
December 31 ¹⁾ USD EUR Other Aluminium Other Interest rates Other
2025
Derivative financial instruments ²⁾  (2 222)  (447)  (2 312)  -  -  -  65  - 
Other financial instruments ³⁾  (2 289)  (505)  (996)  98  -  -  7  40 
Derivative commodity instruments ⁴⁾  (4 267)  (220)  (199)  1  (3 487)  40  20  - 
Financial instruments at FVOCI ⁵⁾  833  (346)  -  1  -  -  4  62 
2024
Derivative financial instruments ²⁾  (3 713)  (510)  (2 123)  -  -  -  101  - 
Other financial instruments ³⁾  (5 752)  (939)  (359)  136  -  -  7  38 
Derivative commodity instruments ⁴⁾  (2 015)  (24)  (187)  -  (3 619)  152  10  - 
Financial instruments at FVOCI ⁵⁾  (473)  (1 342)  -  1  -  -  25  5 
1 The change in fair value due to price changes is calculated based on pricing formulas for certain derivatives, the Black-Scholes/Turnbull-Wakeman models for options and the net present value of cash flows for certain financial instruments or derivatives. Discount rates vary as appropriate for the individual 
instruments.
2 Includes forward currency contracts and embedded currency derivatives.
3 Includes cash and cash equivalents, investments in securities, bank loans and other interest-bearing short-term debt and long-term debt. Trade payables and trade receivables are also included.
4 Includes all contracts with commodities as underlying, both financial and physical contracts, such as LME contracts and NASDAQ Nordic Power contracts, which are accounted for at fair value.
5 Includes hedging derivatives.
The above sensitivity analysis reflects sensitivities for the instruments held at the balance sheet dates only. Related offsetting physical positions, contracts, and anticipated transactions are not reflected. The calculations do not take into consideration any 
adjustments for potential correlations between the risk exposure categories, such as the effect of a change in a foreign exchange rate on a commodity price.
The above discussion about Hydro's risk management policies and the estimated amounts included in the sensitivity analysis relates to the balance sheet position as of December 31. Outcomes at other dates could differ materially based on actual 
developments in the global markets and Hydro's positions. The methods used by Hydro to analyze risks discussed above should not be considered as projections of future events, gains or losses.
The following is an overview of fair value measurements categorized on the basis of observability of significant measurement inputs. Certain items are valued on the basis of quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 inputs), 
others are valued on the basis of inputs that are derived from observable prices (level 2 inputs), while certain positions are valued on the basis of judgmental assumptions that are to a limited degree or not at all based on observable market data (level 3 
inputs). Bilateral contracts with reference to observable prices are considered to be level 2 inputs. The level in this fair value hierarchy within which measurements are categorized is determined on the basis of the lowest level input that is significant to the 
fair value measurement.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 194

[page 195]
Amounts in NOK million 2025 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 2024 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Assets
Commodity derivatives  861  109  507  245  713  177  306  231 
Currency derivatives  426  -  426  -  1  -  1  - 
Cash flow hedges  198  -  198  -  -  -  -  - 
Financial assets at FVTPL  1 963  430  804  729  1 974  398  737  839 
Financial assets at FVOCI        714  -  -  714  773  -  -  773 
Other  89  -  89  -  159  -  159  - 
Total  4 252  539  2 025  1 689  3 621  574  1 204  1 843 
Liabilities
Commodity derivatives  (5 128)  (1 477)  (2 353)  (1 298)  (2 729)  (368)  (1 523)  (837) 
Currency derivatives  (2 738)  -  (2 738)  -  (3 873)  -  (3 873)  - 
Other financial liabilities  (908)  -  -  (908)  (1 035)  -  -  (1 035) 
Cash flow hedges  (79)  -  (79)  -  (1 246)  -  (1 246)  - 
Total  (8 854)  (1 477)  (5 170)  (2 206)  (8 884)  (368)  (6 643)  (1 873) 
Gains or losses relating to level 3 commodity derivatives are included in the income statement in Raw material and energy expense. Changes in fair value for embedded derivatives are reported as gains or losses for the period. Changes in fair value for 
hedge instruments are reported in Other comprehensive income. Dividends received for equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income are included in Financial income.
Exposure to level 3 commodity derivatives is decreasing and the sensitivities relating to commodity derivatives are insignificant as of December 31, 2025. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 195

[page 196]
Note 8.3   Derivative instruments and hedge accounting
§ Accounting policies for classification of embedded derivatives
Embedded derivatives are classified based on the underlying in the contract feature constituting a separable 
embedded derivative in the table below. Where there is more than one embedded derivative in the same host 
contract, those embedded derivatives are offset in settlement and thus presented net on the balance sheet.
Changes in the fair value of commodity derivatives are included in operating revenues or cost of goods sold based on 
classification of underlying risk for embedded derivatives and on the purpose of the instrument for freestanding 
derivatives. Currency derivatives, whether embedded derivatives or separate instruments, are classified as Finance 
expense
! Significant judgment for embedded derivatives
Some non-financial contracts contain pricing links that affect cash flows in a manner different than the underlying 
commodity or other product in the contract. For accounting purposes, these embedded derivatives are separated 
from the host contract and recognized at fair value for links not closely related to the product in the host contract. 
Which price links that are closely related requires judgment, assessing common pricing patterns and market 
development over time. Hydro has separated and recognized at fair value embedded derivatives related to 
currency and aluminium links from the underlying contracts, mainly in energy contracts.
Commodity derivatives
The following types of commodity derivatives, including embedded derivatives, were recorded at fair value on the balance 
sheet as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. Contracts that are designated as hedge instruments in cash flow 
hedges are not included. Hydro’s risk management, including use of derivative instruments, is discussed in 
note 8.1 
Financial and commercial risk management.
Fair values for derivative instruments in the table below includes traditional derivative instruments such as futures, 
forwards and swaps, physical contracts accounted for at fair value, as well as embedded derivatives.
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Assets
Electricity contracts  566  394 
Aluminium futures, forwards and options  285  309 
Other  10  11 
Total  861  714 
Liabilities
Electricity contracts  (948)  (725) 
Aluminium futures, forwards and options  (4 134)  (1 925) 
Other  (47)  (79) 
Total  (5 128)  (2 729) 
Cash flow hedges
Hydro has to a limited extent used cash flow hedge accounting for its risk management positions. Gains and losses on the 
hedge derivatives are recognized in Other comprehensive income, and accumulated in the hedging reserve in equity and 
reclassified into operating revenues or cost when the corresponding forecasted sale or consumption is recognized. Hydro 
has continued its hedge arrangements for currency in the Alunorte plant and the Albras plant, both in Brazil, to secure the 
exchange rate between Brazilian Real and US dollar. As of 31 December 2025, an amount of USD 355 million is sold 
forward for 2026 at an average rate of 5.93 Brazilian Real to US dollar.
No ineffectiveness was recognized in the income statement in 2025 or 2024.
The table below gives aggregated numbers related to the cash flow hedges for 2025 and 2024.
Amounts in NOK million 2026 2025 2024
Expected to be reclassified to the income statement during the year  119  (555)  826 
Reclassified to the income statement from Other components of equity ¹⁾  -  (167)  531 
1 Deviates from expected reclassifications due to change in market prices throughout the year. Negative amounts indicate a loss.
An asset of NOK 119 million and a liability of NOK 1.247 million were recognized as the fair value of cash flow hedging 
instruments for December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Hydro performs trading operations to reduce currency exposures on commodity positions. The effect of such operations is 
recognized as a part of Financial expense in the income statement.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 196

[page 197]
For the after tax movement in Hydro's equity relating to cash-flow hedges, please see note 7.6 Shareholders' equity.
Fair Value of Derivative Instruments
The fair value of derivative financial instruments such as currency forwards and swaps are based on quoted market 
prices. The fair market value of aluminium and electricity futures/forwards and option contracts is based on quoted market 
prices obtained from the London Metals Exchange and NASDAQ Nordic Power/EEX (European Energy Exchange), 
respectively. The fair value of other commodity over-the-counter contracts and swaps is based on quoted market prices, 
estimates obtained from brokers and other appropriate valuation techniques. Where long-term physical delivery 
commodity contracts are recognized at fair value in accordance with IFRS 9, such fair market values are based on quoted 
forward prices in the market, and assumptions of forward prices and margins where market prices are not available. 
Where volumes, delivery profile or other elements are uncertain or contingent on variables outside the parties’ control, 
management’s best estimate of such factors and the range of reasonably possible outcomes is reflected in the valuation. 
Hydro takes credit-spread into consideration when valuating positions when necessary.
For further information on fair values, see note 1.2 Measurement of fair value
. See note 8.2 Financial instruments for a 
specification of the classification of derivative positions according to a fair value hierarchy.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 197

[page 198]
Section 9 – Related parties and remuneration
Note 9.1   Related party information
As of December 31, 2025, The Norwegian state had ownership interests of 34.5 percent of total shares outstanding (2024: 
34.8 percent) in Hydro through the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries. In addition, Folketrygdfondet, which manages 
the Government Pension Fund – Norway1 held 7.3 percent (2024: 7.0 percent). There are no preferential voting rights 
associated with the shares held by the Norwegian State. Hydro has concluded that the Norwegian state's shareholding 
represents a significant interest in Hydro, and that the State thus is a related party.
Hydro’s share buyback program authorized at the ordinary general meeting in May 2024 had as a prerequisite for 
buybacks and subsequent cancellation of shares that these transactions would not result in a change to the ownership 
interest of 34.26 percent of issued shares of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries. Share redemptions from the 
Norwegian state was carried out at the same price terms as for the buybacks via the stock exchange. 
The Norwegian state has ownership interests in a substantial number of companies. The ownership interests in 68 
companies are managed by the ministries and covered by public information from the Ministry of Trade, Industry and 
Fisheries2. We have not assessed which of these companies that are controlled by the State. Hydro has business 
transactions with a number of these companies, including purchase of power from Statkraft and bank services from DNB. 
Generally, transactions are agreed independently of the possible control exercised by the State.
A significant share of Hydro's defined benefit post-employment plans is managed by the independent pension trust, Norsk 
Hydros Pensjonskasse. Employees managing and operating the pension trust are employees of Norsk Hydro ASA, 
located in Hydro’s head office. Their salaries and other benefits, and administrative costs, are reimbursed by the pension 
trust, in total NOK 20 million for 2025 and NOK 13 million for 2024. The pension trust provides services to Hydro for 
administration of unfunded pension plans with NOK 6 million for 2025 and 2024.
The pension trust owns some of the office space rented by Hydro. The current rental arrangement was entered into in 
2015 representing a partial continuation of a rental agreement from 2006, and priced based on market price benchmarks 
at the time of the agreement in 2006. Hydro has paid rent and related services of NOK 98 million and NOK 94 million for 
2025 and 2024, respectively. The current term of the rental contract expires in February 2027. A new contract for premises 
in the same office complex covering a ten-year period from 2026, with options for two additional five-year periods, was 
entered into during 2023. Hydro also sold electricity to the pension trust for its operational needs at the same office site for 
a total amount of NOK 6 million in 2025 and NOK 5 million in 2024. As of the end of 2025, Hydro’s outstanding receivables 
on Norsk Hydros Pensjonskasse were NOK 4 million, while Hydro’s payable to Norsk Hydros Pensjonskasse amounted to 
NOK 6 million, all settled in early 2026.
Hydro's significant joint arrangements and associates; and transactions with those entities are described in note 3.1 
Investments in joint arrangements and associates. Hydro’s relationship with partners in joint arrangements are generally 
limited to a combined effort within a limited area. Hydro considers the joint venture partners as competitors in other 
business transactions, and do not see these relationships as related party relationships. 
Entities that are associates or joint ventures of Hydro’s joint venture Hydro Rein, but where Hydro’s possible influence is 
indirectly through Rein are also considered related parties of Hydro. Hydro has transactions with some of those entities. 
The main transaction type is purchase of electrical power under long-term power purchase agreements, for the majority of 
the agreements at fixed prices subject to inflation adjustment. Such purchases started during 2025 for a wind project in 
Northern Sweden, and a wind project in Brazil. Hydro purchased electricity for NOK 64 million and made other related 
payments with NOK 42 millions in Sweden and purchased electricity for NOK 322 million in Brazil under these contract in 
2025. In addition, some power volumes were purchased on spot terms at prevailing prices in the relevant markets both in 
2025 and 2024. Hydro Rein also provided construction services to the Stor-Skälsjön project with a revenue of NOK 101 
million in the period prior to Hydro’s sale of the controlling interest in Rein in June 2024.
Some of the board members or their close members of family serve as board members or executive directors in other 
companies. In addition, some members of Hydro's Executive Leadership Team or their close members of family serve as 
board members in other companies. Hydro has transactions with some of those companies; however, have not identified 
any transactions where the relationship is known to have influenced the transaction. Some close family members of 
members of Hydro’s management are employed in non-executive positions in Hydro.
Transactions with related parties are at arm’s length principles. 
Executive management remuneration is disclosed in the table below. The members of Hydro’s Executive Leadership Team 
and the members of Hydro's Board of Directors during 2025 and 2024 and their individual remuneration is reported in 
Norsk Hydro ASA Report on executive remuneration 2025. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 198
1 Shareholding is based on information from the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary (VPS) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. Due to 
lending of shares, an investor’s holdings registered in its VPS account may vary.
2 According to information on the Government web site www.regjeringen.no, state ownership.

[page 199]
Amounts in NOK thousand 2025 2024
Salary paid  53 423  52 754 
Other short-term benefits  22 887  18 803 
Pension benefits  7 925  13 540 
Long-term incentive  4 717  10 350 
Total Executive Leadership Team  88 952  95 447 
Fees Board of Directors  7 873  7 370 
Total  96 825  102 817 
Note 9.2   Employee remuneration
§ Accounting policies for employee remuneration
Share-based compensation
Hydro accounts for share-based compensation in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-based Payment. Share-based 
compensation expense is measured at fair value over the service period and includes social security taxes that will be 
paid by Hydro at the settlement date. All changes in fair value are recognized in the income statement.
Employee benefits
Payments to employees, such as wages, salaries, social security contributions, paid annual leave and bonus 
agreements are accrued in the period in which the associated services are rendered by the employee.
Employee share purchase plan
Hydro has established a share purchase plan for employees in Norway. The plan payout is based on whether the share 
price (adjusted for dividend paid) increases with at least 12 percent or not during the performance period. Eligible 
employees are invited to purchase shares with a rebate of 50 percent for a value of NOK 15,000 or NOK 30,000, 
depending on shareholder return. Details related to the employee share purchase plan are provided in the table below.
Performance measurement period
2025 2024 2023
Total shareholder return performance target achieved ≥12% <12% <12%
Employee rebate offered, NOK  15 000  7 500  7 500 
Share purchase plan compensation
2025 2024
Award share price, NOK  55.48  71.14 
Number of shares issued, per employee  224  265 
Total number of shares issued to employees  790 272  898 615 
Compensation expense related to the award, NOK thousand  17 425  38 551 
Employee benefit expense
The average number of employees in Hydro for 2025 and 2024 was 31,951 and 32,257, respectively. As of year-end 2025 
and 2024, Hydro employed 31,618 and 32,031 people, respectively. Employees in joint operations are not included. The 
specification of employee benefit expenses, including employee benefits in joint operations, is presented in the table 
below.
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Salary  22 005  20 899 
Social security costs  3 297  3 101 
Other benefits  1 540  1 782 
Pension expense (note 9.3)  1 219  1 164 
Total  28 060  26 946 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 199

[page 200]
Note 9.3   Employee retirement plans
§ Accounting policies for post-employment benefits
Post-employment benefits are recognized in accordance with IAS 19 Employee Benefits. The cost of providing 
pension benefits under a defined benefit plan is determined separately for each plan using the projected unit credit 
method. Past service costs are recognized immediately in the income statement. The interest component of the 
periodic cost is included in Finance expense. Remeasurement gains and losses are recognized in Other 
comprehensive income.
Contributions to defined contribution plans are recognized in the income statement in the period in which they accrue. 
Multiemployer defined benefit plans where available information is insufficient to use defined benefit accounting are 
accounted for as if the plan were a defined contribution plan.
! Significant judgment in accounting for post-employment benefits
Measurement of pension expense and obligations under defined benefit plans requires numerous assumptions 
and estimates that can have a significant impact on the recognized pension cost and obligation, such as discount 
rates, mortality, and future pension increases.
Employee retirement plans in Hydro
Hydro provides post-employment benefits covering a substantial portion of employees. Plans and benefit levels vary 
between companies and countries. In recent years, there has been a shift from traditional final salary defined benefit plans 
to defined contribution and contribution-oriented plans. Many defined benefit plans have been closed to new entrants, and 
in some defined benefit plans, large groups of employees have converted to defined contribution arrangements. Still, a 
declining number of employees continues to earn benefits under defined benefit plans.
Pension expense
2025 2024
Amounts in NOK million Norway Other Total Norway Other Total
Defined benefit plans  62  88  150  68  64  132 
Defined contribution plans  346  511  857  285  509  794 
Multiemployer plans  80  -  80  64  -  64 
Termination benefits and other  (5)  47  42  39  44  83 
Social security cost  57  32  89  63  28  91 
Pension expense  541  678  1 219  519  645  1 164 
Interest expense (income)  (178)  109  (69)  (100)  114  14 
Remeasurement (gain) loss in 
other comprehensive income  (243)  (324)  (567)  (1 484)  143  (1 341) 
Recognized defined benefit asset and liability
2025 2024
Amounts in NOK million Norway Other Total Norway Other Total
Defined benefit obligation  (12 194)  (5 975)  (18 168)  (12 130)  (6 526)  (18 657) 
Plan assets  17 539  3 322  20 861  17 075  3 649  20 724 
Reimbursement rights  250  -  250  261  -  261 
Liability other plans  (34)  (562)  (596)  (54)  (695)  (749) 
Social security cost  (677)  (9)  (685)  (666)  (24)  (690) 
Net defined benefit asset 
(liability)  4 885  (3 224)  1 661  4 485  (3 596)  889 
Recognized prepaid pension  10 351  212  10 563  9 867  248  10 115 
Recognized pension liability  (5 466)  (3 436)  (8 902)  (5 382)  (3 844)  (9 226) 
Net amount recognized  4 885  (3 224)  1 661  4 485  (3 596)  889 
Other plans include some minor plans in various entities and countries. These plans may be funded or unfunded. None of 
these plans are considered material, neither individually nor combined.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 200

[page 201]
Change in defined benefit obligation (DBO)
2025 2024
Amounts in NOK million Norway Other Total Norway Other Total
Opening Balance  (12 130)  (6 526)  (18 657)  (12 706)  (6 309)  (19 016) 
Current service cost  (60)  (38)  (98)  (63)  (30)  (93) 
Past service cost and 
curtailment gain (loss)  -  (26)  (26)  -  -  - 
Interest expense  (458)  (270)  (728)  (408)  (265)  (673) 
Actuarial gain (loss) financial 
assumptions  (178)  237  59  454  212  666 
Experience gain (loss)  (109)  17  (92)  (112)  (72)  (184) 
Benefit payments  756  446  1 202  737  423  1 160 
Termination benefits  (14)  -  (14)  (33)  -  (33) 
Foreign currency translation  -  185  185  -  (484)  (484) 
Closing Balance  (12 194)  (5 975)  (18 168)  (12 130)  (6 526)  (18 657) 
Change in pension plan assets
2025 2024
Amounts in NOK million Norway Other Total Norway Other Total
Opening Balance  17 075  3 649  20 724  16 078  3 556  19 634 
Interest income  652  185  836  521  177  698 
Return on plan assets above 
(below) interest income  545  (66)  479  1 127  (277)  850 
Company contributions  3  11  14  74  37  111 
Refund of surplus to company  (254)  -  (254)  (250)  -  (250) 
Benefit payments  (482)  (240)  (722)  (475)  (215)  (690) 
Foreign currency translation  -  (217)  (217)  -  372  372 
Closing Balance  17 539  3 322  20 861  17 075  3 649  20 724 
Analysis of the defined benefit obligation (DBO)
2025 2024
Amounts in NOK million Norway Other Total Norway Other Total
Active members  (1 458)  (740)  (2 198)  (1 710)  (852)  (2 562) 
Deferred members  (905)  (1 389)  (2 294)  (875)  (1 532)  (2 407) 
Pensioners  (9 831)  (3 845)  (13 676)  (9 546)  (4 142)  (13 688) 
Defined benefit obligation  (12 194)  (5 975)  (18 168)  (12 130)  (6 526)  (18 657) 
Weighted average duration 
(years) 10,4 10,6
Contributions to pension plans, benefit payments from unfunded pension plans, and social security tax imposed on such 
contributions and payments, amounted to a cash outflow of about NOK 1,650 million for 2025 and about 1,700 million for 
2024. Hydro's cash impact is expected to be at approximately the same level in the coming year. Refund of surplus from 
funded plans amounting to NOK 254 million in 2025 and NOK 250 million in 2024, reduced the net cash impact to about 
NOK 1,400 million for 2025 and NOK 1,450 million for 2024. Most surplus refunded was related to dividend payments from 
Norsk Hydros Pensjonskasse to Norsk Hydro ASA.
Hydro's main pension plans are offered in Norway. The plans are described below:
Norway
Most employees are covered by defined contribution plans. Hydro has closed the main defined benefit plans for new 
members. The defined benefit plans are both funded and unfunded. The main funded plan is managed by Norsk Hydros 
Pensjonskasse, a separate, regulated legal entity. Hydro's pension plans complement the public pension schemes in 
Norway.
Effective January 1, 2025, Hydro increased the contribution rate to defined contribution plans for most affected employees 
by one percentage point. 
Hydro participates in a tariff-based pension plan that entitles the majority of its Norwegian employees life-long 
supplementary benefits. The benefits are financed through a pooled arrangement by private sector employers 
(avtalefestet pensjon, AFP), in which the Norwegian state also contributes. The plan is a defined benefit plan with limited 
funding and where plan assets are not segregated. The information required to calculate the share of the plan and 
account for the plan as a defined benefit plan is not available from the plan administrator. Hydro therefore accounts for the 
plan as if it were a defined contribution plan. The employer contributions are included in Multiemployer plans.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 201

[page 202]
Significant actuarial assumptions for the main Norwegian defined benefit plans include:
Benefit 
obligation Benefit expense
Benefit 
obligation Benefit expense
Assumptions 2025 2025 2024 2024
Discount rate  4.00 %  3.90 %  3.90 %  3.30 %
Expected pension increase  3.00 %  2.75 %  2.75 %  2.50 %
Mortality basis K2013 K2013 K2013 K2013
The discount rate is based on the yield on covered bonds (debt securities backed by cash flows from mortgages) issued in 
Norway. The market for covered bonds has developed in size and liquidity, and we deem this market to be sufficiently 
deep to serve as reference for the discount rate for our post-employment benefit plans in Norway.
The sensitivities shown in the table below have been calculated for the main Norwegian plans illustrating the effects of 
changing one assumption while keeping the other assumptions unchanged. Possible correlation between assumptions is 
not reflected in the calculations.
Sensitivities decrease (increase) benefit obligation year end
Amounts in NOK million, except percent 2025 2025
Discount rate increase 0.5% point  5.0 %  609 
Pension increase 0.5% point  (5.2) % (631) 
One year longer life all members  (4.6) % (566) 
The plan assets in the funded plans provided through Norsk Hydros Pensjonskasse were invested as follows at the end of 
2025 and 2024:
Amounts in NOK million, except percent 2025 2025 2024 2024
Cash and cash equivalents  3.2 %  555  2.8 %  467 
Equity instruments Norway  17.0 %  2 952  16.9 %  2 861 
Equity instruments other countries  21.9 %  3 800  23.5 %  3 976 
Debt instruments  26.3 %  4 564  24.9 %  4 201 
Investment funds  13.6 %  2 356  14.5 %  2 441 
Real estate  18.0 %  3 132  17.4 %  2 939 
Total  100.0 %  17 359  100.0 %  16 886 
Real estate consists of office buildings in the Oslo area. A share of the buildings are leased and occupied by Hydro. 
Investment funds are primarily private equity funds investing in unlisted companies across various industries in Europe, 
the US and Asia, and infrastructure funds investing in Europe (EEA, Switzerland, and in the UK). Equity instruments are 
held through liquid funds invested in listed companies in Norway and globally. Debt instruments are mainly bond issues 
with maturities up to 10 years and investment grade rating.
Other
Other includes Hydro's post-employment benefits outside Norway. Most employees affected are covered by defined 
contribution plans. Defined benefit plans relate largely to Germany, the UK and the US. In Germany, most of the defined 
benefit plans are unfunded. In the UK and the US, most of the defined benefit plans are financed and administered 
through independent pension trusts. 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 202

[page 203]
Section 10 - Other information
Note 10.1   Income taxes
§ Accounting policies for income taxes, current and deferred
Taxes payable is based on taxable profit for the year, which excludes items of income or expense that are taxable or 
deductible in other years. Taxable profit also excludes items that are never taxable or deductible. Hydro's liability for 
current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted as of the balance sheet 
date. 
Deferred income tax expense is calculated using the liability method in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as non-current in the balance sheet and are measured based on the 
difference between the carrying value of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and their tax basis when such 
differences are considered temporary in nature. For items recognized as an asset and a liability at inception, such as 
an asset retirement obligation or a lease, temporary differences related to the asset and liability are considered in 
combination, and deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized on changes to the temporary differences through 
the life of the items. Temporary differences related to intercompany profits are deferred using the buyer's tax rate. 
Deferred tax assets are reviewed for recoverability every balance sheet date, and the amount probable of recovery is 
recognized.
Deferred income tax expense represents the change in deferred tax asset and liability balances during the year, 
except for the deferred tax related to items recognized in Other comprehensive income or resulting from a business 
combination or disposal. Changes resulting from amendments and revisions in tax laws and tax rates are recognized 
when the new tax laws or rates become effective or are substantively enacted. Uncertain tax positions are recognized 
in the financial statements based on management's expectations.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets 
against current tax liabilities, when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority, and when the 
Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are 
recognized at their nominal (undiscounted) value.
Deferred taxes are not provided on undistributed earnings of subsidiaries when the timing of the reversal of this 
temporary difference is controlled by Hydro and is not expected to happen in the foreseeable future. This is 
applicable for the majority of Hydro's subsidiaries.
! Significant judgment in accounting for income taxes
Hydro is involved in a significant number of tax cases related to various types of taxes. Hydro’s widespread 
business operations expose us to several tax regimes and their interaction. We see that tax authorities challenge 
transfer prices to an increasing degree. Although Hydro currently has no significant transfer price disputes with tax 
authorities, the long value chain with a large number of internal transactions and business operations covering 
multiple tax jurisdictions expose us to such disputes, both related to prior and future transactions.
Valuation of deferred tax assets is dependent on management's assessment of future recoverability of the 
deferred benefit. Expected recoverability may result from expected taxable income in the future, planned 
transactions or planned tax optimizing measures, all of which may be uncertain. Economic conditions may change 
and lead to a different conclusion regarding recoverability. Tax authorities in different jurisdictions may challenge 
Hydro's calculation of taxes payable from prior periods. Such processes may lead to changes to prior periods' 
taxable income, resulting in changes to income tax expense in the period of change, as well as interest and fines.
Total income tax expense (benefit)
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Income (loss) before tax  13 721  8 862 
Current income tax expense  4 610  4 771 
Deferred tax expense (benefit)  807  (948) 
Total income tax expense (benefit)  5 417  3 822 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 203

[page 204]
Deferred tax expense (benefit)
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Origination and reversal of temporary differences  585  (1 612) 
Change in deferred tax asset from tax loss carryforwards  (647)  (404) 
Net change in unrecognized deferred tax assets  1 479  603 
Tax (expense) benefit allocated to Other comprehensive income  (611)  466 
Deferred tax expense (benefit)  807  (948) 
Reconciliation of tax expense to Norwegian nominal statutory tax rate
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Expected income taxes at statutory tax rate ¹⁾  3 019  1 950 
Hydro-electric power surtax ²⁾  1 503  1 289 
Equity accounted investments  (44)  120 
Foreign tax rate differences ³⁾  843  237 
Deferred tax asset not recognized and expired tax loss carryforwards ³⁾  954  597 
Tax incentive programs ⁴⁾  (799)  - 
Prior year adjustments ⁵⁾  1  (248) 
Other tax effects  (59)  (122) 
Income tax expense (benefit)  5 417  3 822 
1 Norwegian nominal statutory tax rate is 22 percent. The table is based on this tax rate. 
2 A surtax of a certain percentage is applied to taxable income, with certain adjustments, for Norwegian hydro-electric power plants. The effective tax 
rate is 45%. The surtax comes in addition to the normal corporate taxation.
3 Deferred tax assets are not fully recognized for losses in certain subsidiaries, mainly in Brazil, Spain, Australia and Germany. The unrecognized 
deferred tax asset has increased in Brazil, Spain and Germany in both 2025 and 2024, while the unrecognized part of deferred tax assets in 
Australia was reduced in both 2025 and 2024. The effect is included with 22 percent of the loss in the line Deferred tax asset not recognized, while 
the difference between the units' tax rates and 22 percent is included in the line Foreign tax rate differences.
4 Tax incentive programs are related to business in Brazil.
5 Prior year adjustments in 2024 include effects of recognized tax refunds in Spain amounting to NOK 108 million and Poland amounting to NOK 48 
million.
Tax effects of temporary differences and tax loss carryforwards giving rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities
Assets Liabilities Assets Liabilities
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2025 2024 2024
Inventory valuation  622  (446)  1 272  (338) 
Accrued expenses  2 237  (255)  2 056  (215) 
Property, plant and equipment  12 070  (16 157)  10 250  (13 903) 
Intangible assets  1 051  (1 563)  838  (1 628) 
Pensions  1 522  (2 286)  1 592  (2 171) 
Derivatives  1 803  (421)  1 898  (215) 
Other  3 763  (4 779)  1 714  (3 458) 
Tax loss carryforwards  8 028  -  7 492 
Subtotal  31 098  (25 907)  27 112  (21 929) 
Of which not recognized as tax asset  (7 113)  -  (5 711) 
Gross deferred tax assets (liabilities)  23 985  (25 907)  21 401  (21 929) 
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)  (1 922)  (528) 
Reconciliation to balance sheets
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Deferred tax assets  2 985  4 233 
Deferred tax liabilities  4 907  4 761 
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)  (1 922)  (528) 
Recognition of net deferred tax asset is based on expected taxable income in the future.
At the end of 2025, Hydro had tax loss carryforwards of NOK 26,596 million, mainly in Brazil, Spain, Germany, Australia 
and USA. Of the total, NOK 23,472 million is without expiration. The majority of the tax loss carryforwards with an expiry 
date expire after 2030. Tax assets are recognized for about 30 percent of the tax losses. Total reported deferred tax asset 
is NOK 2,985 million, mainly in Brazil, Germany, Norway, Poland and France. The deferred tax assets are recognized 
based on individual assessments of expected utilization for the taxable company or tax group. For our businesses in Brazil 
there are no tax consolidation possibilities or transfer of taxable income or losses available, which impact the possibility to 
utilize tax losses.
Pillar Two legislation has been enacted or substantively enacted in certain jurisdictions where Hydro operates. The 
legislation has been effective for Hydro from January 1, 2024. Hydro is in scope of the enacted legislation and has 
performed an assessment of the potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 204

[page 205]
The assessment of the potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes is based on the most recent tax filings, country-by-
country reporting to the tax authorities, and financial statements for the entities in the Group. Based on the assessment, 
the Pillar Two effective tax rates in most of the jurisdictions in which Hydro operates are above 15 percent. However, there 
are a limited number of jurisdictions where the transitional safe harbor relief does not apply, and the Pillar Two effective tax 
rate is close to 15 percent. The Group has provisioned NOK 20 million for expected Pillar Two income taxes in these 
jurisdictions in 2025, and NOK 24 million for 2024, which is included as other tax effects in the reconciliation of tax 
expense.
IFRS has introduced a mandatory temporary exception to the requirements of IAS 12 under which a company does not 
recognize or disclose information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
(BEPS) Pillar Two model rules, which Hydro applies.
Note 10.2   Research and development
§ Accounting principles for research and development
Research expenditures are expensed as incurred. Development costs are capitalized as intangible assets at cost in 
accordance with IAS 38 Intangible Assets when the recognition criteria are met, including probable future economic 
benefit and that the cost can be measured reliably. See note 2.2 Intangible asset
s for further information.
Research and development in 2025 and 2024
Hydro carries out its main research and development activities through research centers in the business areas. Total 
expensed research and development cost was NOK 1,816 million in 2025 and NOK 980 million in 2024. The greater part 
of the expensed research and development costs relates to in-house research and application development organizations, 
while parts of the expense represents work carried out by external institutions. Government grants have been received on 
basis of some of the projects, recognized as other income, i.e. are not deducted in the amounts mentioned above.
Hydro undertakes research and development activities to deliver on its strategic direction, including meeting its 
sustainability ambitions. Hydro’s ambition is to achieving net-zero emissions in terms of Scope 1 and 2 by 2050 and 
expects to have initiatives in place for cutting own carbon emissions by 30 percent by 2030. To deliver on this 
commitment, new technologies enabling the delivery of net zero products and net zero operations are needed, to which 
research and development activities have been initiated. The activities are carried out throughout the value chain of 
Hydro.
Bauxite and alumina
Hydro continues to work with development of methods for replacing coal fired boilers with electrical boilers at the alumina 
refinery Alunorte and also introducing biofuel. The Paragominas mine is also using processed organic waste to accelerate 
reforestation in mined areas. Another key initiative at Paragominas is to develop processes for ore microfragmentation, 
which is a technique that increases operational efficiency and reduces emissions during the loading stage.
Primary aluminium production
Aluminium production is an industry with hard-to-abate emissions, requiring development of technologies to reduce 
emissions. Hydro is pursuing technology pathways toward near zero aluminium. To secure the value of existing primary 
aluminium plants, Hydro is developing carbon capture and storage (CCS) solutions that can be retrofitted into the existing 
plants. Hydro is exploring a wide range of CO2 capture technologies to identify the most suitable ones for the low 
concentration smelter off-gas. These technologies are being tested on actual smelter off-gas. Part of this work is being 
carried out in collaboration with Rio Tinto Aluminium. Hydro is planning to test and pilot the most promising CCS 
technology, up to industrial scale pilot. 
Another pathway more suited for greenfield aluminium plants is Hydro’s proprietary HalZero technology. This technology 
converts alumina to aluminium chloride prior to electrolysis in a process where chlorine and carbon are kept in closed 
loops, resulting in a fully decarbonized process. A phased development approach is being followed. Hydro’s HalZero test 
facility in Porsgrunn, Norway, is currently operational. The next phase of the development, the industrial Concept pilot, is 
in the concept phase. 
Aluminium recycling
Net-zero aluminium can also be achieved by recycling more post-consumer scrap. Using only post-consumer scrap, 
Hydro will be able to produce a near net-zero carbon product at a competitive cost. Hydro has patented aluminium sorting 
technology, and regularly seek to improve and further develop technology and processes, including sorting technology for 
post-consumer scrap. 
Hydro is also preparing to test casthouse decarbonization technology for the recycling and primary plants to reach net-
zero. Hydrogen based processes is developed and planned to be tested at pilot scale for furnaces. A test facility is near 
completion, and pilot operation is planned to start during the first half of 2026. In addition, Hydro will be testing plasma 
technology, which will enable electrification and decarbonization of the remelting process in casthouses, using the same 
renewable energy that powers Hydro’s primary smelters.
In addition to climate related development, Hydro continues to develop its technology to enhance casthouse capability, 
alloy development and various other aspects of our product portfolio, production processes and product quality to retain 
our ability to deliver competitive products to our customers.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 205

[page 206]
Extrusion
Hydro Extrusions is engaged in development projects in close cooperation with its customers, applying material science 
competence and modelling capabilities for the solution offering. Many projects aim at improving the design and usability of 
the products, improving production efficiency, and reducing their carbon footprint, targeting markets like automotive, 
building and construction and renewables. The technology and production processes are also regularly improved through 
development projects involving both the research and development centers and the production plants.
Digital initiatives
Hydro also works with various digital initiatives supporting production efficiency and quality, supporting sales and delivery 
processes and supporting administrative processes. These projects include, but is not limited to, implementation of 
artificial intelligence. 
Note 10.3   Cash flow information
Cash disbursements and receipts included in cash from operations
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Income taxes paid  4 765  4 719 
Interest paid  2 358  2 661 
Interest received  1 072  1 542 
In 2025, non-cash investing activities for asset retirement costs amounted to negative NOK 71 million, compared to 
negative NOK 327 million in 2024. In 2025 and 2024, non-cash investing activities for leased assets amounted to NOK 
1,502 million and NOK 1,123 million, respectively.
Note 10.4   Auditor's remuneration
KPMG is the Group auditor of Norsk Hydro ASA. The following table shows fees to the appointed auditors for 2025 and 
2024. For all categories the reported fee is the recognized expense for the year. Amounts exclude VAT.
Amounts in NOK million Audit ¹⁾
Audit related 
services ²⁾
Tax related
services Total
2025
Norway  15  4  -  20 
Outside Norway  51  2  3  56 
Total  66  7  3  76 
2024
Norway  14  4  -  18 
Outside Norway  48  1  4  53 
Total  62  6  4  72 
1 Audit fees of NOK 66 million (2024: NOK 62 million) reflect audit fees from KPMG in the amount of NOK 61 million (2024: NOK 57 million).
2 Audit related fees of NOK 7 million in 2025, where fees to KPMG include limited assurance regarding Hydro's sustainability statement.
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 206

[page 207]
Note 10.5   Changes in accounting principles and new pronouncements
Changes in accounting principles
Hydro has not implemented any new accounting standards or otherwise made any changes to accounting policies during 
2025.
New pronouncements
IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements 
IFRS 18 will replace IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. IFRS 18 applies for annual reporting periods beginning 
on or after January 1, 2027. 
IFRS 18 introduces new requirements for presentation of line items and subtotals in the income statement, following a 
structure with five defined categories in the income statement, which are operating, investing, financing, income tax, and 
discontinued operations. Although recognition and measurement of income and expenses will not be changed, the 
standard introduces mandatory presentation requirements which will lead to changes in reported subtotals compared to 
the structure currently presented. The subtotal Earnings before financial items and tax will not be presented as a subtotal 
under IFRS 18. A mandatory subtotal Operating profit will be presented. This subtotal includes certain currency gains and 
losses not related to financing of group, while the share of profit (loss) in equity accounted investments will be presented 
in the Investing category. Currently, presentation of certain items of income and expense is discussed in IFRS 
Interpretation Committee, of which the question whether currency gains and losses on internal loans and receivables are 
required to be included in Operating profit is the item expected to be most significant for Hydro’s key subtotals under IFRS 
18.
IFRS 18 further enhances the guidance on how to group information in the financial statements, relevant both for the 
primary statements and for notes. As part of the change, IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows, requires the defined Operating 
profit subtotal as the starting point for the analysis of cash flows from operating activities in the indirect method and 
specifies mandatory classification of cash inflows from interest and dividend received in the investing category, and 
classification of interest paid in the financing category. Consequently, the subtotals Net cash provided by operating 
activities, Net cash used in investing activities and Net cash used in financing activities will change.
Further, IFRS 18 introduces definition of, and disclosure requirements for, management-defined performance measures 
(MPMs), a set of financial measures that are partly overlapping with alternative performance measures (APMs) which are 
currently disclosed and reconciled outside the financial statements. IFRS 18 requires MPMs to be disclosed, defined, and 
reconciled in a note to the financial statements. 
Hydro is currently assessing the impact of IFRS 18, in particular the impact on the structure of the income statement and 
the statement of cash flows. This includes how information is classified and grouped in the income statement, with a focus 
on currency gains and losses and items of income and expenses labelled as other. Further, Hydro has decided that the 
currently used subtotal Earnings before financial items and tax (EBIT) will not be presented. In conjunction with 
implementation of IFRS 18, Hydro will also consider certain other presentation policies, including the presentation of 
government grants which is currently presented gross as Other income as a policy choice.
Hydro has also decided not to continue using the currently presented segment results, EBIT and EBITDA. Our expectation 
is that these segment results will be replaced by a measure consisting of Operating Profit before Depreciation, 
Amortization and Impairment adjusted for certain items (Adjusted OPDAI), and the share of profit (loss) in equity 
accounted investments. We expect to present this measure also as an MPM for Hydro as a whole, while the measure 
EBITDA, will not continue to be used. Hydro is also considering which other MPMs to present in the future, and how they 
will be defined and presented. 
Changes to IFRS 9 for Nature Dependent Electricity Contracts
A change to the accounting for commodity contracts entered into and held through its life for the purpose of the entity’s 
purchase, sale, or usage requirements relevant for nature-dependent electricity contracts which transfer the volume risk 
from the seller to the buyer in a power purchase contract was issued in December 2024. The new requirements are 
applicable for accounting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2026. Hydro has assessed the impact of this change, 
and concluded that none of Hydro’s purchase contracts for electricity will be affected by the new regulation. However, the 
amendment may be changing the accounting for future sourcing contracts as the possibility to include such contracts in a 
sourcing portfolio is less likely to result in fair value accounting for the contracts after the amendment to IFRS 9. 
None of the other issued, not yet effective, accounting standards or amendments to such standards are expected to have 
significant effects for Hydro’s financial reporting. Further, none of the recently issued IFRS Interpretations Committee 
agenda decisions are expected to significantly change Hydro’s accounting policies or practices.  
Notes to the consolidated financial statements Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 207

[page 208]
Financial statement Norsk Hydro ASA
Financial statements Norsk Hydro ASA Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 208

[page 209]
Income statements
Amounts in NOK million Notes 2025 2024
Other income 14  154  89 
Total operating income  154  89 
Employee benefit expense 2, 3  892  824 
Depreciation 4  105  93 
Other expenses 8  1 923  2 100 
Expenses recharged to subsidiaries 8  (1 872)  (2 022) 
Total operating expenses  1 049  996 
Operating loss  (895)  (907) 
Financial income, net 5  6 978  13 781 
Income before tax  6 083  12 874 
Income taxes 6  (202)  (83) 
Net income  5 880  12 792 
Appropriation of net income and equity transfers
Dividend proposed  5 896  4 448 
Retained earnings  (16)  8 344 
Total appropriation  5 880  12 792 
Statements of comprehensive income
Amounts in NOK million. Years ended December 31 Notes 2025 2024
Net income (loss)  5 880  12 792 
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to income statement:
Remeasurement postemployment benefits, net of tax 2  163  649 
Other comprehensive income  163  649 
Total comprehensive income 13  6 043  13 441 
Financial statements Norsk Hydro ASA Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 209

[page 210]
Balance sheet
Amounts in NOK million, December 31 Notes 2025 2024
Assets
Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 4  621  641 
Shares in subsidiaries 7  57 056  57 052 
Receivables from subsidiaries 8, 10  16 477  15 250 
Prepaid pension, investments and other non-current assets 2, 9  7 828  7 347 
Total financial non-current assets  81 361  79 648 
Receivables from subsidiaries 8  9 810  11 431 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets  699  299 
Short-term investments  6 250  - 
Cash and cash equivalents  11 378  9 448 
Total current assets  28 137  21 178 
Total assets  110 119  101 468 
Amounts in NOK million, December 31 Notes 2025 2024
Equity and liabilities
Paid-in capital
Share capital 13  2 172  2 206 
Treasury shares 13  (15)  (35) 
Paid-in premium 13  28 987  28 987 
Other paid-in capital 13  352  332 
Retained earnings
Retained earnings 13  23 408  25 229 
Treasury shares 13  (426)  (1 632) 
Equity 13  54 480  55 087 
Long-term provisions 2, 9  4 403  4 261 
Long-term debt 12  20 321  11 363 
Payables to subsidiaries 10  1 019  - 
Other long-term liabilities  21 340  11 363 
Bank loans and other interest-bearing short-term debt  2 829  5 991 
Dividends payable  5 896  4 448 
Payables to subsidiaries 8, 10  20 080  19 265 
Other current liabilities  1 092  1 054 
Total current liabilities  29 896  30 757 
Total equity and liabilities  110 119  101 468 
Financial statements Norsk Hydro ASA Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 210

[page 211]
Statements of cash flows
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Net income  5 880  12 792 
Depreciation  105  93 
Net foreign exchange loss  578  136 
Changes in receivables and payables, and other items  (730)  1 037 
Net cash provided by operating activities  5 834  14 058 
Purchases of short-term investments  (6 250)  (2 500) 
Proceeds from sales of short-term investments  -  3 000 
Net purchases of other investments  (140)  (150) 
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities  (6 390)  350 
Dividends paid  (4 445)  (5 015) 
Repurchases of shares  (856)  (2 272) 
Proceeds from shares issued  24  31 
Other financing activities, net  7 850  (17 717) 
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities  2 573  (24 973) 
Foreign currency effects on cash  (86)  673 
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  1 931  (9 892) 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year  9 448  19 340 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year  11 378  9 448 
Financial statements Norsk Hydro ASA Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 211

[page 212]
Oslo, 12. February 2026
Rune Bjerke Kristin F. Kragseth Marianne Wiinholt Phillip New Jane Toogood Espen Gundersen
Chair Deputy chair Board member Board member Board member Board member
Kim Wahl Arve Baade Margunn Sundve Bjørn Petter Moxnes Ellen Merete Olstad Eivind Kallevik
Board member Board member Board member Board member Board member President and CEO
Financial statements Norsk Hydro ASA Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 212

[page 213]
Note 1   Summary of significant accounting policies
The financial statements of Norsk Hydro ASA are prepared in accordance with the Norwegian accounting act and 
regulation on simplified application of international accounting standards (forskrift om forenklet anvendelse av 
internasjonale regnskapsstandarder – simplified IFRS).
Financial statement preparation requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported 
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses as well as disclosures of contingencies. Actual results may differ 
from estimates. Interest rates used for calculating net present values are rounded to the nearest 10 basis points for post-
employment benefits, to the nearest 25 basis points for other non-financial assets and liabilities. As a result of rounding 
adjustments, the figures in one or more columns included in the financial statements may not add up to the total of that 
column.
Shares in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
Shares in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are presented according to the cost method. Group relief received is 
included in dividends from subsidiaries. Dividend from subsidiaries is recognized in the year for which it is proposed by the 
subsidiary to the extent Norsk Hydro ASA can control the decision of the subsidiary through its share holdings. Shares in 
subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances 
indicate that the carrying amount may exceed the recoverable amount of the investment. An impairment loss is reversed if 
the impairment situation is deemed to no longer exist.
Employee retirement plans
Norsk Hydro ASA accounts for employee retirement plans in accordance with IAS 19 Employee Benefits. See note 9.3 
Employee retirement plans to the consolidated financial statements for description of the accounting policies.
Foreign currency
The functional currency of the company is the Norwegian krone, NOK. Realized and unrealized currency gains or losses 
on transactions denominated in other currencies than NOK, as well as currency gains or losses on assets and liabilities 
denominated in a currency other than NOK, are included in Financial income, net.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include cash, bank deposits and all other monetary instruments with a maturity of less than 
three months at the date of purchase.
Short-term investments
Short-term investments include bank deposits and all other monetary instruments with a maturity between three and 
twelve months at the date of purchase and current listed equity and debt securities held for trading and valued at fair 
value. The resulting unrealized holding gains and losses are included in Financial income, net. Investment income is 
recognized when earned.
Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment is carried at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. According 
to IAS 36 Impairment of Assets, such assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances 
indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The impairment of long-lived assets is recognized when the 
recoverable amount determined as the higher of fair value less cost to sell or value in use of the asset or group of assets 
is less than the carrying value. The amount of the impairment is the difference between the carrying value and the 
recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed if the impairment situation is deemed to no longer exist.
Leased assets
Leased assets are recognized as right-of-use assets in accordance with IFRS 16 Leases, with contractually fixed future 
payments recognized as lease liabilities. When measuring leases, fixed lease payments for extension periods reasonably 
certain to be used are included. As a practical expedient, non-lease components are not separated from lease contracts. 
Leases of assets of a low value, mainly such items as PCs, office equipment and similar, are excluded from lease 
accounting. Right-of-use assets are included in Property, plant and equipment, and lease liabilities are included in Long-
term debt. See note 2.6 Leases 
to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
Intangible assets
Intangible assets acquired individually or as a group are recognized at fair value when acquired, in accordance with IAS 
38 Intangible Assets. Intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful life and tested for 
impairment whenever indications of impairment are present.
Derivative instruments
Forward contracts and options for purchase or sale of currency or interest are recognized in the financial statements and 
measured at fair value at each balance sheet date. The resulting unrealized gain or loss is presented in Financial income, 
net.
Norsk Hydro ASA has decided to utilize the option in the regulation to exclude embedded derivatives and contracts 
deemed to be derivatives based on the underlying product being readily convertible to cash and not for own use from fair 
value accounting when the contract is with a subsidiary, i.e. such features are not separated from the host contract. 
Loans and other financial liabilities
Loans and other financial liabilities include issued bonds, bank loans and similar. Loans are measured at amortized cost. 
Notes to financial statements Norsk Hydro ASA Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 213

[page 214]
Provisions
Provisions are recognized when Norsk Hydro ASA has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past 
event, it is probable (more likely than not) that Norsk Hydro ASA will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable 
estimate can be made of the amount, taking into account the risks and uncertainties. The provision is measured at the 
present value of the cash flows estimated to settle the obligation. Uncertain outcomes are measured as the expected 
value of reasonably possible outcomes.
Contingencies and guarantees
Norsk Hydro ASA recognizes a liability for the fair value of obligations it has undertaken in issuing guarantees. 
Contingencies are recognized in the financial statements when probable of occurrence and reliably estimable.
Share-based compensation
Norsk Hydro ASA accounts for share-based payment in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-Based Payment. See note 9.2 
Employee remuneration to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
Risk management
For information about risk management in Norsk Hydro ASA see note 8.1 Financial and commercial risk management
 to 
the consolidated financial statements.
Income taxes
Deferred income tax expense is calculated in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes. Under IAS 12, deferred tax assets 
and liabilities are measured based on the differences between the carrying values of assets and liabilities for financial 
reporting and their tax basis which are considered temporary in nature. Deferred income tax related to remeasurements of 
pension obligations are recognized through Other comprehensive income. The tax effect of equity transactions, excluded 
transfers to owners, is recognized as a part of the equity transaction and do not affect the income tax expense. Other 
changes in deferred income tax asset and liability balances during the year represent the deferred income tax expense. 
Changes resulting from amendments and revisions in tax laws and tax rates are recognized when the new tax laws or 
rates are enacted.
Legislation implementing Pillar Two legislation requiring Norsk Hydro ASA to pay additional taxes in Norway in the event 
subsidiaries pay less than the minimum tax as defined in the OECD/G20 framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
was enacted in Norway in January 2024. The regulation was effective as of January 1, 2024. Hydro expects no or limited 
additional taxes resulting from this regulation. IFRS has introduced a mandatory temporary exception to the requirements 
of IAS 12 under which a company does not recognize or disclose information about deferred tax assets and liabilities 
related to the proposed OECD/G20 BEPS Pillar Two model rules, which Hydro applies .
Note 2   Employee retirement plans
Most employees in Norsk Hydro ASA are covered by a defined contribution plan. Norsk Hydro ASA has closed the main 
defined benefit plans. The defined benefit plans are funded for benefits earned on salaries up to 12G, where G equals the 
base amount in the National Insurance Scheme. Benefits earned on salaries above 12G, and early retirement and 
termination benefits are unfunded. The plans comply with legal requirements for occupational pensions in Norway.
Norsk Hydro ASA participates in a pension plan that entitles the majority of its employees life-long benefits in addition to 
other pension benefits. The benefits are financed through a pooled arrangement by private sector employers (avtalefestet 
pensjon, AFP) where also the Norwegian state contributes. The plan is a defined benefit plan with limited funding and 
where plan assets are not segregated. The information required to calculate the share of the plan and account for the plan 
as a defined benefit plan is not available from the plan administrator. Hydro therefore accounts for the plan as if it were a 
defined contribution plan. The employer contributions are included in Multiemployer plans.
Pension cost
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Defined benefit plans  19  20 
Defined contribution plans  52  43 
Multiemployer plans  8  7 
Social security cost  10  9 
Pension expense  90  79 
Interest expense (income)  (178)  (126) 
Remeasurement (gain) loss in other comprehensive income  (209)  (832) 
Notes to financial statements Norsk Hydro ASA Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 214

[page 215]
Recognized defined benefit assets and liability
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Defined benefit obligation  (4 649)  (4 659) 
Plan assets  9 618  9 356 
Reimbursement rights  250  261 
Liability other plans  -  (1) 
Social security cost  (336)  (329) 
Net defined benefit asset  4 883  4 628 
Recognized prepaid pension  7 598  7 290 
Recognized pension liability  (2 715)  (2 662) 
Net amount recognized  4 883  4 628 
Change in defined benefit obligation (DBO)
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Opening Balance  (4 659)  (4 899) 
Current service cost  (18)  (18) 
Interest expense  (175)  (156) 
Actuarial gain (loss) financial assumptions  (63)  159 
Experience gain (loss)  (58)  (89) 
Benefit payments  325  322 
Settlements  -  22 
Closing Balance  (4 649)  (4 659) 
Change in pension plan assets
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Opening Balance  9 356  8 753 
Interest income  356  283 
Return on plan assets above (below) interest income  337  760 
Refund of surplus to company  (250)  (250) 
Benefit payments  (181)  (183) 
Settlements  -  (8) 
Closing Balance  9 618  9 356 
Analysis of the defined benefit obligation (DBO)
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Active members  (467)  (604) 
Deferred members  (494)  (474) 
Pensioners  (3 688)  (3 581) 
Defined benefit obligation  (4 649)  (4 659) 
Benefit 
obligation Benefit expense
Benefit 
obligation Benefit expense
Assumptions 2025 2025 2024 2024
Discount rate  4.00 %  3.90 %  3.90 %  3.30 %
Expected pension increase  3.00 %  2.75 %  2.75 %  2.50 %
Mortality basis K2013 K2013 K2013 K2013
See note 9.3 Employee retirement plans in notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about 
sensitivities.
Note 3   Management remuneration and employee costs
See Norsk Hydro ASA Remuneration report 2025 for information and details related to the Executive Leadership Team 
(ELT) remuneration and Board of Directors’ remuneration. Costs for some ELT members employed by subsidiaries are 
charged to Norsk Hydro ASA for services rendered as members of the ELT.
See note 9.2 Employee remuneration
 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on the 
employee share purchase plan.
The average number of employees in Norsk Hydro ASA was 390 in 2025 as compared to 374 in 2024. As of year-end 
2025 and 2024, Norsk Hydro ASA employed 396 and 384 employees, respectively.
Total loans given by Norsk Hydro ASA to Norwegian employees as of December 31, 2025 were NOK 9 million, consisting 
of unsecured loans related to the employee share purchase plan.
Notes to financial statements Norsk Hydro ASA Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 215

[page 216]
Payroll related expenses 
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Salaries  698  636 
Social security costs  102  106 
Other benefits  3  3 
Pension expense (note 2)  90  79 
Total  892  824 
Note 4   Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
Leases expensed in the period amounts to NOK 16 million and refers to leases of short term, low value or leases with 
variable payments.
Amounts in NOK million
Property, plant 
and equipment Intangible assets Total
Cost December 31, 2024  1 068  179  1 247 
Additions at cost  74  11  85 
Accumulated depreciation and impairment December 31, 2025  (594)  (117)  (711) 
Carrying value December 31, 2025  548  73  621 
Depreciation and impairment in 2025  (91)  (15)  (105) 
Intangible assets mainly consist of software.
Note 5   Finance income and expense
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Dividends from subsidiaries  7 074  13 753 
Interest from group companies  1 352  1 452 
Other interest income  450  647 
Interest paid to group companies  (563)  (1 271) 
Other interest expense  (990)  (778) 
Net foreign exchange gain (loss)  (578)  (136) 
Other, net  234  114 
Financial income (expense), net  6 978  13 781 
Note 6   Income taxes
The tax effect of temporary differences resulting in deferred tax assets (liabilities) are:
Temporary differences
Tax effect
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Short-term items  (51)  42 
Long-term receivables from subsidiaries  (329)  (589) 
Pensions ¹⁾  (1 074)  (1 018) 
Long-term debt  201  442 
Other long-term items  (206)  (138) 
Deferred tax assets (liabilities)  (1 459)  (1 261) 
1 Includes NOK (46) million and NOK (183) million of tax benefit (expense) allocated to equity in 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Taxable temporary differences and deductible temporary differences, which reverse or may reverse in the same period, 
are netted.
Notes to financial statements Norsk Hydro ASA Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 216

[page 217]
Reconciliation of tax expense 
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Income (loss) before taxes  6 083  12 874 
Expected income taxes at statutory tax rate  1 338  2 832 
Dividend exclusion  (1 138)  (2 784) 
Permanent differences and other, net  2  34 
Income tax expense (benefit)  202  83 
Components of income taxes
Current income taxes  51  10 
Change in deferred taxes  152  73 
Income tax expense (benefit)  202  83 
See note 10.1 Income taxes in the consolidated financial statements for further information. 
Taxes payable were NOK 56 million per December 31, 2025 and NOK 19 million per December 31, 2024. In addition, 
Norsk Hydro ASA has a tax receivable of NOK 117 million per December 31, 2025, regarding a favorable tax settlement, 
reported in the balance sheet as Prepaid expenses and other current assets.
Note 7   Shares in subsidiaries
The following shares in subsidiaries are directly owned by Norsk Hydro ASA
Company name Country Location
Percentage of 
shares owned 
by Norsk Hydro 
ASA
Book value 
(NOK million)
Hydro Aluminium AS Norway Oslo 100  51 293 
Hydro Energi AS Norway Oslo 100  5 643 
Hydro Aluminium Deutschland GmbH ¹⁾ Germany Grevenbroich 25  92 
Industriforsikring AS Norway Oslo 100  20 
Hydro Kapitalforvaltning AS Norway Oslo 100  8 
Total  57 056 
1 The company is owned 74.96 percent by Hydro Aluminium AS, and 25.04 percent by Norsk Hydro ASA.
Percentage of shares owned equals percentage of voting shares owned. Several of the above-mentioned companies also 
own shares in other companies.
In addition to the directly owned subsidiaries listed above, Norsk Hydro ASA has the following subsidiaries with significant 
operational activities. Sales offices, companies mainly serving as holding companies, and dormant companies, as well as 
companies holding smaller operational activities are not included in the list below. A full list of subsidiaries is available in 
Hydro's country by country reporting and at www.hydro.com
. The companies are listed by the business area in which the 
majority of their activities are managed.
Hydro Bauxite & Alumina
Company name Country Ownership
ALUNORTE - Alumina do Norte do Brasil S.A. Brazil  62 %
Mineração Paragominas S.A. Brazil  100 %
Hydro Aluminium Metal
Company name Country Ownership
ALBRAS - Alumínio Brasileiro S.A. Brazil  51 %
Hydro Aluminium Canada & Co. Ltd. Canada  100 %
Slovalco a.s. Slovakia  55 %
Hydro Metal Markets
Company name Country Ownership
Extrusion Services Sarl France  100 %
Hydro Aluminium Gießerei Rackwitz GmbH Germany  100 %
Hydro Aluminium Recycling Deutschland GmbH Germany  100 %
Alumetal Group Hungary Kft Hungary  100 %
Hydro Aluminium Clervaux S.A. Luxembourg  100 %
Alumetal Poland Sp. z o.o Poland  100 %
Hydro Aluminium Iberia S.A.U Spain  100 %
Hydro Aluminium Deeside Ltd. United Kingdom  100 %
Hydro Aluminium Metals USA, LLC United States  100 %
Notes to financial statements Norsk Hydro ASA Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 217

[page 218]
Hydro Extrusions
Hydro Extrusion Nenzing GmbH Austria  100 %
Hydro Building Systems Belgium NV Belgium  100 %
Hydro Extrusion Lichtervelde NV Belgium  100 %
Hydro Extrusion Raeren SA Belgium  100 %
Hydro Extrusion Brasil S.A. Brazil  100 %
Hydro Extrusion Canada Inc. Canada  100 %
Hydro Aluminium Fabrication (Taicang) Co. Ltd China  100 %
Hydro Precision Tubing Suzhou Co. Ltd China  100 %
Hydro Extrusion Denmark A/S Denmark  100 %
Hydro Precision Tubing Tønder A/S Denmark  100 %
Hydro Building Systems France Sarl France  100 %
Hydro Extrusion Albi SAS France  100 %
Hydro Extrusion Lucé/Chateauroux SAS France  100 %
Hydro Extrusion Puget SAS France  100 %
Hydro Building Systems Germany GmbH Germany  100 %
Hydro Extrusion Deutschland GmbH Germany  100 %
Hydro Extrusion Offenburg GmbH Germany  100 %
Hydro Building Systems Extrusion GmbH Germany  100 %
Hydro Extrusion Lüdenscheid GmbH Germany  100 %
Company name Country Ownership
Hydro Extrusion Hungary Kft Hungary  100 %
Hydro Building Systems Italy S.p.a. Italy  100 %
Hydro Extrusion Italy S.r.l. Italy  100 %
Hydro Building Systems Atessa S.r.l. Italy  100 %
Hydro Extrusion Netherlands B.V. Netherlands  100 %
Hydro Extrusion Norway AS Norway  100 %
Hydro Extrusion Poland Sp. z.o.o Poland  100 %
Hydro Aluminium Extrusion Portugal HAEP S.A. Portugal  100 %
Hydro Extrusion Slovakia a.s. Slovakia  100 %
Hydro Building Systems Spain S.L.U. Spain  100 %
Hydro Extrusion Spain S.A.U. Spain  100 %
Hydro Extrusion Sweden AB Sweden  100 %
Hydro Building Systems Sweden AB Sweden  100 %
Hydro Aluminium UK Ltd. United Kingdom  100 %
Hydro Building Systems UK Ltd. United Kingdom  100 %
Hydro Extrusion Portland Inc United States  100 %
Hydro Extrusion USA LLC United States  100 %
Hydro Precision Tubing Monterrey LLC United States  100 %
Hydro Precision Tubing USA LLC United States  100 %
Company name Country Ownership
Notes to financial statements Norsk Hydro ASA Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 218

[page 219]
Note 8   Related party information
Norsk Hydro ASA employs key management personnel, including the majority of the Executive Leadership Team and 
central staffs managing and safeguarding key processes such as business planning and performance follow-up, financial 
reporting, financing and payment services, IT infrastructure, policy and security, HR processes, legal framework and 
governance, and other group-wide processes. Costs incurred for employees and purchased goods and services are 
charged to subsidiaries to the extent the subsidiaries benefit from those processes. Such corporate costs are charged 
based on the actual cost of the corporate processes and as such reflects a cost coverage rather than revenue from 
contracts with customers. Costs associated with servicing shareholders are not recharged to subsidiaries. Total corporate 
costs charged to subsidiaries amounted to NOK 641 million and NOK 834 million in 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Norsk Hydro ASA also operates shared services in Norway, offering services within accounting, HR and IS/IT operation. 
These day-to-day services are charged based on usage of the services at prices reflecting the actual cost rather than 
agreed prices for such services, and as such are not considered revenue from contracts with customers. Total charges for 
shared services charged to subsidiaries based on incurred costs amounted to NOK 1,231 million and NOK 1,189 million in 
2025 and 2024, respectively. Receivables related to corporate costs and shared services amounted to NOK 205 million 
and NOK 255 million per December 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively. 
Norsk Hydro ASA owns the power production facilities at Notodden, Norway. The power production is managed by the 
subsidiary Hydro Energi AS that purchases all power produced under a long-term contract at fixed price entered into in 
2019. Total consideration was NOK 132 million and NOK 69 million in 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Norsk Hydro ASA operates the cash pooling arrangements in Hydro. Further, Norsk Hydro ASA extends loans to 
subsidiaries, associates and jointly controlled entities at terms and conditions reflecting prevailing market conditions for 
corresponding services, allowing for a margin to cover administration and risk. Short- and long-term receivables from 
subsidiaries and short-term payables to subsidiaries shown in the balance sheet relates to these activities, and also 
covers some derivative instruments shown in note 10 Financial instruments,
 as well as receivables related to internal 
charges. See note 5 Financial income and expense for information on interest paid to and received from group 
companies.
For information on transactions with employees and management, see note 3 Management remuneration and employee 
costs and Norsk Hydro ASA Report on executive remuneration 2025. See note 9.1 Related party information in the notes 
to the consolidated financial statements for identification of related parties and primary relationships with those parties. 
See note 11 Guarantees for information on guarantees provided on behalf of subsidiaries.
Audit fees were NOK 7 million and NOK 6 million in 2025 and 2024, respectively. Fees for other services were NOK 4 
million in 2025 and NOK 3 million in 2024, respectively.
Note 9   Specification of balance sheet items
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Securities  10  10 
Prepaid pension  7 598  7 290 
Other non-current assets  220  46 
Total prepaid pension, investments and other non-current assets  7 828  7 347 
Pension liability  2 715  2 662 
Deferred tax liabilities  1 459  1 261 
Other long-term liabilities  229  337 
Total long-term provisions  4 403  4 261 
Note 10   Financial instruments
Norsk Hydro ASA offers currency derivatives to subsidiaries using such instruments for risk management. Contracts are 
recognized at estimated market value, determined by calculating the contractual cash flows using currency rates at the 
balance sheet date and discounting those cash flows to a present value. At the end of 2025 and 2024, the value of 
currency forward contracts outstanding with subsidiaries were as follows:
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Currency forward contracts, short-term  (21)  8 
Sum currency forward contracts  (21)  8 
The contracts represent exposure mainly in Euro, Swedish krone and US dollars. In addition, there are some contracts 
with exposure to British pounds, Japanese yen, Polish zloty and Danish krone representing lower amounts. 
Notes to financial statements Norsk Hydro ASA Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 219

[page 220]
Note 11   Guarantees
Norsk Hydro ASA provides guarantees arising in the ordinary course of business including stand-by letters of credit, 
performance bonds and various payment or financial guarantees. All commercial guarantees are on behalf of subsidiaries.
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Guarantees  2 952  3 073 
Total guarantees not recognized  2 952  3 073 
Note 12   Long-term debt
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
NOK  7 745  7 742 
EUR  15 313  9 453 
Total unsecured loans  23 057  17 195 
Lease liabilities  92  159 
Outstanding debt  23 149  17 354 
Less: Current portion  (2 829)  (5 991) 
Total long-term debt  20 321  11 363 
As of December 31, 2025, long-term debt that falls due after 2030 amounted to NOK 11,824 million. See note 7.4 Short 
and long-term debt in notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information. For a description of Hydro’s 
policies for funding and liquidity, see note 7.1 Capital management in notes to the consolidated financial statements.
Note 13   Number of shares outstanding, shareholders and equity 
reconciliation
The share capital of Norsk Hydro ASA as of December 31, 2025 was NOK 2,172,381,071 consisting of 1,978,489,136 
ordinary shares at NOK 1.098 per share. As of December 31, 2025, Norsk Hydro ASA had purchased 13,210,806 treasury 
shares at a cost of NOK 440 million. See Consolidated statements of changes in equity and note 7.6 Shareholders' equity
 
for additional information.
The table shows shareholders holding one percent or more of the total 1,978,489,136 shares outstanding as of December 
31, 2025, according to information in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (Verdipapirsentralen).
Name
Number of 
shares
The Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries of Norway  677 855 665 
Folketrygdfondet  143 217 186 
Citibank, N.A. ¹⁾  68 803 222 
State Street Bank and Trust Comp ¹⁾  45 409 719 
State Street Bank and Trust Comp ¹⁾  42 621 568 
JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., London ¹⁾  29 333 367 
JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., London ¹⁾  24 475 877 
State Street Bank and Trust Comp ¹⁾  23 615 993 
State Street Bank and Trust Comp ¹⁾  23 410 544 
1 Nominee accounts.
Notes to financial statements Norsk Hydro ASA Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 220

[page 221]
Changes in equity
Amounts in NOK million  Paid-in capital
Retained 
earnings Total equity
December 31, 2024  31 490  23 597  55 087 
Total Comprehensive Income  -  6 043  6 043 
Accrued dividend 2024 not paid in 2025  -  2  2 
Dividend proposed  -  (5 896)  (5 896) 
Treasury shares ¹⁾  8  (765)  (757) 
December 31, 2025  31 498  22 982  54 480 
1 For details on movements in treasury shares, see Consolidated statement of changes in equity for the group and note 7.6 Shareholders'.
Note 14   Other income
Other income in Norsk Hydro ASA includes charges for goods and services to subsidiaries. The main part represents sale 
of energy produced at the parent company’s power plant to the subsidiary Hydro Energi AS. In addition, government 
grants supporting research and development activities are included. 
Notes to financial statements Norsk Hydro ASA Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 221

[page 222]
Statement from the Board and the President and CEO of Norsk Hydro ASA
The Board of Directors and the CEO have today considered and approved the 2025 integrated annual report for Norsk 
Hydro ASA (“the Company”) and the Hydro Group (“the Group”).
We confirm to the best of our knowledge that the consolidated financial statements for the Group for 2025 have been 
prepared in accordance with IFRS® Accounting Standards as adopted by the EU, as well as additional information 
requirements in accordance with the Norwegian Accounting Act, that the financial statements for the Company for 2025 
have been prepared in accordance with the Norwegian Accounting Act and the regulation on simplified application of 
international accounting standards (FOR-2008-01-21-57), and that the information presented in the financial statements 
gives a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and result for the period.
We also confirm to the best of our knowledge that the 2025 integrated annual report gives a true and fair view of the 
development, performance and financial position of the Company and the Group, and includes a description of the 
principal risks and uncertainties that they face, and that the 2025 integrated annual report meets the information 
requirements of the Norwegian Accounting Act with regard to the Board of Directors Report and statements on corporate 
governance for 2025, and that the country-by-country report for 2025 has been prepared in accordance with the 
Norwegian Security Trading Act and the Norwegian Accounting Act.
We further confirm to the best of our knowledge that the 2025 sustainability statements, appendices and ESG factbook 
with notes on pages 236 to 280, have been prepared in accordance with and meet the information requirements of the 
Norwegian Accounting Act §2-6 (European Sustainability Reporting Standards), the EU taxonomy regulation (Article 8 of 
EU Regulation 2020/852), the International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM), and Global Reporting Initiative (GRI).
According to section 3-3a of the Norwegian Accounting Act, the Board of Directors confirms that the financial statements 
have been prepared on the assumption of a going concern.
Statement from the Board and the CEO Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 222
Oslo, 12. February 2026
Rune Bjerke Kristin F. Kragseth Marianne Wiinholt Phillip New Jane Toogood Espen Gundersen
Chair Deputy chair Board member Board member Board member Board member
Kim Wahl Arve Baade Margunn Sundve Bjørn Petter Moxnes Ellen Merete Olstad Eivind Kallevik
Board member Board member Board member Board member Board member President and CEO

[page 223]
The below listed parts of the Hydro Integrated Annual report 2025 constitute the Report of the Board of Directors
Norwegian accounting act
Rskl. 2-2 (1) Information regarding the nature and location of the business, including information on any branch offices.
Letter to stakeholders
About Hydro 
Our business
4-6 
10-11 
9-29
Rskl. 2-2 (2), (3), (4) Review of the development and results of the company’s operations and position together with a description of the key risks and uncertainty factors facing the 
company, hereunder also information on research and development activities.
Our performance 
Risk review
Climate change
30-38 
47-63 
78-85
Rskl. 2-2 (5) A description that provides a basis for assessing the company’s further outlook, including whether the results for the year agree with previously stated target 
results and expected developments and give reason for any discrepancy.
Letter to stakeholders
Business areas
Our performance 
4-6 
14-18 
30-38
Rskl. 2-2 (6) Information regarding any financial risk that is significant to the evaluation of the company’s assets, liabilities, financial position and results.
Managing uncertainty
Key financial exposures 
Risk review
25
38
47-63
Rskl. 2-2 (7) Disclosure of key intangible resources, how the company's business model fundamentally depends on such resources, and how these resources serve as a 
source of value creation for the organization.
Letter to stakeholders
2030 strategic direction
Sustainability statements
4-6 
19-20 
69-138
Rskl. 2-2 (8) Information regarding the going concern assumption. Statement from the Board and the CEO 222-229
Rskl. 2-2 (9) Proposal for the allocation of profit or settlement of loss. Financial income Statement Norsk 
Hydro ASA 209
Rskl. 2-2 (10) Information about the work environment, along with an overview of implemented measures relevant to the working environment and including information on 
injuries, accidents and sick leave rates. Own workforce 111-116
Rskl. 2-2 (11)
Information on matters relating to the business, hereunder its factor inputs and products, which may result in a not insignificant impact on the external 
environment. The environmental impact each aspect of the business has or may have, as well as measures implemented or planned implemented to prevent or 
reduce any negative environmental impacts, shall be stated.
Our business
Risk review
Sustainability statements
9-29 
47-63 
69-138
Rskl. 2-2 (12) Information on whether insurances covering the board members’ and CEO’s potential liabilities towards the company and third parties are maintained, including 
information on the relevant insurance coverage.
Norwegian Code of Practice for 
Corporate Governance - section 9 296
Rskl. 2-2 (13) Shareholders information: A description of any provisions in the articles of association that restrict the right to trade in the shares of the company. Not applicable -
Rskl. 2-2 (13) Shareholders information: A description of who exercises the rights connected to shares in any employee share schemes where authority is not exercised 
directly by the employees covered by the scheme. Not applicable -
Rskl. 2-2 (13) Shareholders information: Any agreements between shareholders which are known to the company and which restrict the possibilities of trading in or exercising 
voting rights connected to the shares. Not applicable -
Rskl. 2-2 (13) Shareholders information: Any significant agreements to which the company is a party, the terms of which take effect, alter or terminate as a result of a takeover 
bid, and a description of those terms. Not applicable -
Regulation Content Integrated Annual Report Chapter Reference Page
Report of the Board of Directors reference list Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 223

[page 224]
Rskl. 2-9 Sustainability reporting according to European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS). Sustainability statements
ESG factbook
69-138 
236-280
CSRD Report on corporate governance.
Our Governance
Norwegian Code of Practice for 
Corporate Governance
39-68
293-298
Rskl. 2-10 Report on payments to the authorities, etc. (Country-by-country reporting). Country-by-country reporting 281-292
Equality and Anti-Discrimination Act  
§ 26a Accounting for the factual status of gender equality, equal pay and diversity, and actions taken to fulfill requirements.
Disclosures pursuant to the Norwegian 
Equality Act 
Own workforce
299-300
111-116
Norwegian Companies Act  
§ 6-16 a og b Management remuneration. Report on executive remuneration Hydro.com
Britisk og australsk lovgivning om 
moderne slaveri (UK Modern Slavery 
Act 2015 Australia Modern Slavery Act 
2018) Åpenhetsloven (Norwegian 
Transparency Act 2021)
Information regarding steps taken to ensure that modern slavery is not taking place in Hydro’s operations or its supply chain.
Sustainability 
    Own workforce
    Workers in the value chain 
    Affected communities 
111-116 
117-122 
123-129
Regulation Content Integrated Annual Report Chapter Reference Page
Report of the Board of Directors reference list Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 224

[page 230]
Appendices
231 Alternative performance measures (APMs)
236 ESG Factbook - notes to the sustainability statements 
257 Country-by-country report
267 The Norwegian Corporate Governance Board (NUES)
274 Norwegian Equality and Anti-Discrimination Act disclosures
276 Production capacity and volumes
279 UN Sustainable Development Goals index
281 Hydro 2030 profitability roadmap assumptions

[page 231]
Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
Alternative performance measures, i.e. financial performance measures not within the applicable financial reporting 
framework, are used by Hydro to provide supplemental information, by excluding items that, in Hydro’s view, does not give 
an indication of the periodic operating results or cash flows of Hydro, or should be assessed in a different context than its 
classification according to its nature. 
Financial APMs are intended to enhance comparability of the results and cash flows from period to period, and it is Hydro’s 
experience that these are frequently used by analysts, investors and other parties. Management also uses these measures 
internally to drive performance in terms of long-term target setting and as basis for performance related pay. These 
measures are adjusted IFRS measures defined, calculated and used in a consistent and transparent manner over the 
years and across the company where relevant. Operational measures such as, but not limited to, volumes, prices per mt, 
production costs and improvement programs are not defined as financial APMs. 
To provide a better understanding of the company's underlying financial performance for the relevant period, Hydro 
focuses on adjusted EBITDA in the discussions on periodic underlying financial and operating results and liquidity from the 
business areas and the group, while adjusting effects to adjusted EBITDA, EBIT and net income (loss) are discussed 
separately. Financial APMs should not be considered as a substitute for measures of performance in accordance with the 
IFRS. Disclosures of APMs are subject to established internal control procedures.
Hydro's financial APMs
• EBIT: Earnings before financial items and tax. 
• Adjusted EBIT: EBIT +/- identified adjusting items to EBIT as described below.
• EBITDA: EBIT + depreciation, amortization and impairments, net of investment grants.
• Adjusted EBITDA: EBITDA +/- identified adjusting items to EBITDA as described below.  
• Adjusted net income (loss): Net income (loss) +/- adjusting items to net income (loss) as described below.
• Adjusted earnings per share: Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to Hydro shareholders divided by weighted average 
of outstanding shares (ref.: note 7.6 to the consolidated financial statements). 
• Investments: Additions to property, plant and equipment (capital expenditures) plus intangible assets, and investments in 
equity accounted investments, including amounts recognized in business combinations for continuing operations.
• Net debt: Short- and long-term interest-bearing debt adjusted for Hydro's liquidity positions.
• Adjusted net debt: Net debt adjusted for liquidity positions regarded unavailable for servicing debt, pension obligation 
and other obligations which are considered debt-like in nature.
• Adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio: Adjusted net debt / adjusted EBITDA
• (Adjusted) RoACE is defined as (Adjusted) Earnings after tax for the prior 12 months divided by average Capital 
employed for the four most recent quarters. (Adjusted) Earnings after tax is defined as (adjusted) Earnings before 
financial items and tax less Adjusted income tax expense. Since RoaCE represents the return to the capital providers 
before dividend and interest payments, adjusted income tax expense excludes the tax effects of items reported as 
Finance income (expense), net and in addition, for adjusted figures, the tax effect of adjusting items. 
• Capital employed is defined as Shareholders’ Equity, including non-controlling interest plus long-term and short-term 
interest-bearing debt less Cash and cash equivalents and Short-term investments.
• Cash effective capital expenditure (Capex): Purchase of property, plant and equipment plus Purchase of other Long-term 
investments, adjusted for elements that are not considered cash effective.
• Cash effective change in net operating capital: Changes to Trade and other receivables plus/minus changes to 
Inventories plus/minus changes to Trade and other payables as reported in the statements of cash flows. 
• Free cash flow: Net cash provided by operating activities less Net cash used in investing activities, adjusted for 
Purchases of short-term investments, Sales of short-term investments and net cash received or paid for short- and long-
term collateral.
Alternative Performance Measures Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 231

[page 232]
Adjusting items to EBITDA, EBIT, net income (loss) and earnings per share
Hydro has defined two categories of items which are adjusted to results in all business areas, equity accounted 
investments and at group level. One category is the timing effects, which are unrealized changes to the market value of 
certain derivatives. When realized, effects of changes in the market values since the inception of the instrument are 
included in adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBIT. Changes in the market value of the trading portfolios are included in 
adjusted results. The other category includes material items which are not regarded as part of underlying business 
performance for the period, such as major rationalization charges and closure costs, effects of disposals of businesses and 
operating assets, major impairments of property, plant and equipment, as well as other major effects of a special nature, 
and realized effects of currency derivatives entered into for risk management purposes. Materiality is defined as items with 
a value above NOK 20 million. All adjusting items to results are reflecting a reversal of transactions recognized in the 
financial statements for the current period, with the exception of realized foreign exchange gain (loss). Part-owned entities 
have implemented similar adjustments.
• Unrealized derivative (gain) loss on LME related contracts include unrealized gains and losses on contracts measured at 
market value, which are used for operational hedging purposes related to future expected sales and purchase 
transactions, both fixed-price customers and supplier contracts and transactions at not yet determined market prices. 
Also includes elimination of changes in fair value of certain internal physical aluminium contracts.
• Unrealized derivative (gain) loss on power and raw material contracts include unrealized gains and losses on embedded 
derivatives in raw material and power contracts for Hydro's own use and for physical and financial power contracts used 
for managing price risks and volume changes. Unrealized derivative effects on certain power contracts in a business 
model with the combined aim to manage hydrological risk in own production, differences in power needs in existing and 
new business activities in Hydro as well as supporting development of new renewable energy projects are also adjusted 
for. Adjustments also comprise elimination of changes in fair value of embedded derivatives within certain internal power 
contracts.
• Significant rationalization charges and closure costs include costs related to specifically defined major projects, and not 
considered to reflect periodic performance in the individual plants or operations. Such costs involve termination benefits, 
dismantling of installations and buildings, clean-up activities that exceed legal liabilities, etc. Costs related to regular and 
continuous improvement initiatives are included in underlying results.
• Significant community contributions Brazil refers to the provision recognized in relation to the TAC and TC agreements 
with the Government of Parà and Ministèrio Pùblico made in 2018, including later cost adjustments and certain similar 
agreements. Certain related agreements made later have also been adjusted for. Contributions made as part of Hydro’s 
social programs in areas where we operate, including individual large donations announced and provided for as a single 
events, are considered closely related to the operations and therefore included in adjusted results.
• Other effects include insurance proceeds covering asset damage, legal settlements, etc. Insurance proceeds covering 
lost income in the same or a previous period are included in adjusted results.
• Pension includes recognition of pension plan amendments and related curtailments and settlements.
• Transaction related effects reflect the (gains) losses on divestment of businesses and individual assets, the net 
remeasurement (gains) losses related to previously owned shares in acquired businesses, inventory valuation expense 
related to acquisitions as well as acquisition costs.
• Adjusted items in equity accounted investments reflects Hydro's share of adjusting items from adjusted net income in 
such companies and are based on Hydro's definitions of material items not regarded as part of underlying business 
performance for the period.
• Impairment charges (PP&E and intangible assets) relate to significant write-downs of assets or groups of assets to 
estimated recoverable amounts in the event of an identified loss in value. Gains from reversal of impairment charges are 
also adjusted for.
• Realized foreign exchange gain (loss) on risk management instruments represents such items as foreign currency 
derivatives entered into and managed to mitigate currency risk in the production margin, i.e. the difference between sales 
price for products such as aluminium or alumina versus the cost of raw materials and energy used in production. 
Realized embedded currency derivatives in certain power contracts in Norway denominated in Euro are also adjusted 
for. Such currency effects are included in currency gains and losses in finance expense in the income statement, and 
included in adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBIT.
• Net foreign exchange (gain) loss: Realized and unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency denominated accounts 
receivable and payable, funding and deposits, embedded currency derivatives in certain power contracts and forward 
currency contracts purchasing and selling currencies that hedge net future cash flows from operations, sales contracts 
and operating capital, with the exception of the realized foreign currency exchange gain (loss) on risk management 
instruments mentioned above.
• Calculated income tax effect: In order to present adjusted net income on a basis comparable with our adjusted operating 
performance, the adjusted income taxes include adjustments for the expected taxable effects on adjusted items to 
income before tax.
• Other adjustments to net income from continuing operations include other major financial and tax related effects not 
regarded as part of the underlying business performance of the period.
Alternative Performance Measures Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 232

[page 233]
Adjusting items to EBITDA and EBIT per operating segment and for Other and eliminations1
Unrealized derivative (gain) loss on LME related contracts  144  (15) 
Unrealized derivative (gain) loss on raw material contracts  (32)  (167) 
Significant rationalization charges and closure cost ²⁾  19  - 
Impairment charges equity accounted investments ³⁾  11  132 
Hydro Bauxite & Alumina  141  (50) 
Unrealized derivative (gain) loss on power contracts  201  66 
Significant rationalization charges and closure cost ²⁾  12  - 
(Gains)/losses on divestments ⁴⁾  (345)  (321) 
Impairment charges equity accounted investments ⁵⁾  204  896 
Transaction related (gain) loss ⁶⁾  -  (35) 
Net foreign exchange (gain)/loss ⁷⁾  (3)  (20) 
Other effects ⁸⁾  2  (164) 
Hydro Energy  71  422 
Unrealized derivative (gain) loss on LME related contracts  1 083  836 
Unrealized derivative effects on power contracts  282  16 
Significant rationalization charges and closure costs ²⁾⁹⁾  223  55 
(Gains)/ losses on divestments ¹⁰⁾  (57)  (60) 
Impairment charges equity accounted investments ¹¹⁾  229  52 
Net foreign exchange (gain)/loss ⁷⁾  (318)  (322) 
Other effects ¹²⁾  (180)  (642) 
Hydro Aluminium Metal  1 263  (65) 
Unrealized derivative effects on LME related contracts  261  (131) 
Significant rationalization charges and closure costs ²⁾  20  - 
Other effects ¹³⁾  -  (137) 
Hydro Metal Markets  281  (269) 
Unrealized derivative (gain) loss on LME related contracts  16  (109) 
Unrealized derivative (gain) loss on power contracts  2  (5) 
Significant rationalization charges and closure costs ²⁾¹⁴⁾  1 390  352 
(Gains)/losses on divestments and other transaction related effects ¹⁵⁾  (27)  (9) 
Hydro Extrusions  1 380  228 
Unrealized derivative (gain) loss on LME related contracts ¹⁶⁾  -  (1) 
Significant rationalization charges and closure cost  59  - 
(Gains)/losses on divestments  -  (14) 
Net foreign exchange (gain)/loss ⁷⁾  (1)  (252) 
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Other effects ¹⁷⁾  -  (225) 
Other and eliminations  58  (492) 
Adjusting items to EBITDA  3 193  (225) 
Impairment charges
   Hydro Energy ¹⁸⁾  203  - 
   Hydro Aluminium Metal ¹⁹⁾  182  - 
   Hydro Extrusions ²⁰⁾  683  22 
Adjusting items to EBIT  4 262  (202) 
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
1 Negative figures indicate reversal of a gain and positive figures indicate reversal of a loss.
2 Restructuring costs in 2025 relates to reduction of number of white-collar employees throughout Hydro.
3 Impairment charges included in equity method investment involved in renewable energy production in Brazil.
4 Gain on divestment in 2025 relates to sale of battery investments. Gain on divestments in 2024 relates to Hydro Rein, which from June 24, 2024 is 
a joint venture.
5 Impairment charges in equity method investments in Batteries and in Hydro Rein. Charges in Rein in 2025 and 2024 relates to investments involved 
in renewable energy production in Brazil. Charges in Batteries in 2024 includes full write-down of Hydro’s ownership in Vianode, which was realized 
in 2025 with no gain or loss.
6 Gain on interest accounted for using the equity method in Hydrovolt, which after additional investment is a consolidated subsidiary from August 
2024.
7 Realized currency gains and losses from risk management contracts and embedded currency derivatives in physical power and raw material prices.
8 Other effects in Hydro Energy includes a provision for potential project-related costs in relation to regulatory compliance in 2023, reversed in 2024.
9 Rationalization charges and closure costs in Hydro Aluminium Metal also includes closure cost related to Aluchemie.
10 Gain on divestment relates to sale of land.
11 Impairment charges included in equity method investment involved in renewable energy production in Brazil.
12 Other effects in 2025 and 2024 consists of the share of compensation for cancellation of two contract for purchase of wind power from power producers 
in Northern Sweden exceeding direct costs incurred related to the contract cancellation.
13 Other effects in Hydro Metal Markets includes a reimbursement of duty paid related to the divested Rolling activity.
14 Significant rationalization and closure costs also include provisions for costs related to proposed closure of five production sites in Europe provided for 
in 2025, and costs related to reduction of overcapacity and closures activities in Hydro Extrusions.
15 Divestments of Hydro Extrusions plants, including adjustments of sales price, as well as acquisition costs.
16 Unrealized derivative effects on LME related contracts result from elimination of changes in the valuation of certain internal aluminium contracts.
17 Other effects in 2024 relates to reimbursement of duty paid related to the divested Rolling activity, and reduced provision for selling costs. 
18 Impairment charges in Hydro Energy relates to assets related to green hydrogen solutions.
19 Impairment charges in Hydro Aluminium Metal reflects write down of maintenance investments in Hydro's fully impaired Tomago smelter in 
Australia.
20 Impairment charges in Hydro Extrusions include impairments of various individual sites and assets, including the five sites in Europe proposed to be 
closed.
Alternative Performance Measures Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 233

[page 234]
Adjusted EBITDA
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
EBIT  14 401  16 487 
Depreciation, amortization and impairment  11 476  10 170 
Investment grants  (181)  (114) 
EBITDA  25 696  26 543 
Adjusting items to EBITDA  3 193  (225) 
Adjusted EBITDA  28 889  26 318 
Adjusted earnings per share
Amounts in NOK million, except per share data 2025 2024
Net income (loss)  8 304  5 040 
Adjusting items to net income (loss) ¹⁾ ²⁾  2 851  4 238 
Adjusted net income (loss)   11 155  9 278 
Adjusted net income attributable to non-controlling interests  1 257  285 
Adjusted net income attributable to Hydro shareholders  9 898  8 993 
Number of shares  1 970  1 998 
Adjusted earnings per share  5.02  4.50 
1 See Adjustments to EBIT and other performance measures in the section Financial results in Performance Review section
2 Adjusting items to net income (loss) consist of the Adjusting items to EBIT specified above, the impairment of a loan to Vianode of NOK 375 million, 
and realized and unrealized currency gains and losses. These items are net of calculated tax effects, for most items based on a 30 percent 
standardized tax rate.
Adjusted net debt and adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio
Hydro’s capital management measures are described in Note 7.1 Capital management in the Financial statements, 
including reconciliations and comparable information.
Adjusted Return on average Capital Employed (ARoaCE)
Hydro uses adjusted RoaCE to measure the performance for the group as a whole and within its operating segments, both 
in absolute terms and comparatively from period to period. Management views this measure as providing additional 
understanding of the rate of return on investments over time in each of its capital intensive businesses and in the operating 
results of its business segments. (Adjusted) RoaCE is calculated as (Adjusted) EBIT after tax divided by average Capital 
employed for the respective period. 
EBIT after tax
Reported Adjusted
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024 2025 2024
EBIT  14 401  16 487  18 663  16 284 
Adjusted Income tax expense ¹⁾  (5 621)  (6 110)  (6 327)  (5 884) 
EBIT after tax  8 780  10 377  12 336  10 400 
Capital employed
Amounts in NOK million
Dec 31 
2025
Sep 30 
2025
Jun 30 
2025
Mar 31 
2025
Dec 31 
2024
Sep 30 
2024
Jun 30 
2024
Mar 31 
2024
Current assets ¹⁾  54 795  56 282  56 262  59 741  57 109  56 224  54 849  55 609 
Property, plant and equipment  78 132  76 464  76 039  75 285  77 937  75 391  74 448  77 334 
Other non-current assets ²⁾  48 464  49 307  48 907  50 910  53 553  52 088  53 042  50 787 
Current liabilities ³⁾  (38 993)  (33 129)  (32 954)  (36 326)  (37 810)  (35 605)  (34 898)  (34 599) 
Non-current liabilities ³⁾  (25 633)  (26 279)  (26 192)  (25 331)  (27 361)  (27 851)  (27 357)  (27 490) 
Assets held for sale  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  4 131 
Liabilities in disposal group  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (129) 
Capital Employed  116 765  122 644  122 061  124 279  123 428  120 246  120 085  125 642 
Return on average Capital Employed (RoaCE) 
Reported Adjusted
2025 2024 2025 2024
RoaCE  7.2 %  8.5 %  10.2 %  8.5 %
1 Adjusted Income tax expense is based on reported and adjusted tax expense adjusted for tax on financial items.
2 Excluding cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments.
3 Excluding long-term collateral related to strategic and operational hedging activities.
4 Excluding interest-bearing debt.
5-year average adjusted Return on average Capital Employed
Hydro has provided a five-year average adjusted RoaCE to reflect adjusted RoaCE for a longer period than annual 
observations. Adjusted RoaCE for 2021, 2022 and 2023 are provided in the Alternative Performance Measures (APM) 
sections in the respective annual reports. The reconciliations for the years 2022 and 2021 are available in the annual 
report for 2022.
Alternative Performance Measures Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 234

[page 235]
5 year average adjusted Return on average Capital Employed
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 5 year average
Adjusted RoaCE  10.2 %  8.5 %  7.1 %  22.2 %  18.6 %  13.3 %
Capital expenditure (Capex)
Capex is a measure for the cash amount spent on investment activities related to property, plant and equipment and other 
long-term investments as reported in the consolidated statements of cash flows for the period. Hydro uses this measure to 
drive optimization of capital allocation. The values include continuing operations only.
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Purchases of property, plant and equipment  (11 582)  (13 555) 
Purchases of other long-term investments  (567)  (1 622) 
Total  (12 149)  (15 177) 
Investment grants received  52  99 
Capital expenditure  (12 097)  (15 078) 
Cash effective change in net operating capital
This measure is used by Hydro to monitor and follow up on cash generation and to drive financial performance. Hydro 
primarily follows up net operating capital elements on a cash basis rather than a balance sheet value basis, as the latter 
are influenced by non-cash currency translation effects. The values include continuing operations only.
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Change in Trade and other receivables ¹⁾  1 441  (1 768) 
Change in Inventories ¹⁾  (492)  (2 263) 
Change in Trade and other payables ¹⁾  450  (162) 
Cash effective change in net operating capital  1 399  (4 193) 
1 See Consolidated statements of cash flows.
Free cash flow
Free cash flow is a measure of the net cash generation after investing activities. Hydro uses this measure to drive financial 
performance. Hydro uses financial derivatives for risk management purposes, the definition of free cash flow therefore 
excludes the impact from changes in collateral. In addition, an adjustment is made for the cash effect from net sales 
(purchases) of trading securities, as these are related to liquidity management activities and do not reflect the underlying 
cash generation from business activities. Hydro believes this is a better illustration of the underlying cash generation in the 
group. The values include continuing operations only.
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024
Net cash provided by operating activities ¹⁾  23 311  15 356 
Adjusted for changes in collateral ²⁾  1 253  588 
Adjusted for net (sales) purchases of trading securities ³⁾  54  (33) 
Net cash used in investing activities ¹⁾  (17 905)  (12 916) 
Adjusted for purchases of short-term investments ¹⁾  6 486  3 148 
Adjusted for sales of short-term investments ¹⁾  (165)  (3 299) 
Free cash flow  13 034  2 844 
1 See Consolidated statements of cash flows.
2 Collateral provided as cash, mainly related to strategic and operational hedging activities (see Adjusted net cash (debt) APM).
3 Securities used for liquidity management purposes, available at short notice. Changes to these funds do not reflect the underlying cash generation 
from business activities.
Alternative Performance Measures Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 235

[page 236]
ESG Factbook — notes to the sustainability statement
E1. Climate change 
237 E1.1 - Greenhouse gas emissions by 
ownership equity
238 E1.2 - GHG emissions in 
consolidated operations
239 E1.3 - Indirect (scope 3) GHG 
emissions
239 E1.4 - Greenhouse gas emissions 
intensity
240 E1-5 - Direct GHG emissions by type
240 E1.6 Energy consumption
241 E1.7 - Energy intensity
S1. Own workforce
259 S1.1 - Characteristics of Hydro’s 
employees
260 S1.2 - Diversity, inclusion and 
belonging
261 S1.3 - Health and safety
262 S1.4 - Training and development
262 S1.5 - Collective bargaining and 
social dialogue
263 S1.6 - Gender and compensation in 
Norway
263 S1.7 - Diversity in management
264 S1.8 - Local representation
264 S1.9 - Diversity and inclusion for 
Norwegian subsidiaries
E2. Pollution
242 E2.1 - Emissions to air and water
243 E2.2 - Spills and leakages
243 E2.3 - Environmental permit 
244 E2.4 - Indirect non-GHG emissions 
related to energy consumption
244 E2.5 - Substances of concern and 
very high concern
S2. Workers in the value chain
266 S2.1 - Supplier metrics
266 S2.2 - Supplier due diligence
E3. Water
245 E3.1 - Water interaction
246 E3.2 - Water withdrawal, by country
246 E3.3 - Water interaction in water-
stressed areas
S3. Affected communities
267 S3.1 - Community investments, 
donations, and sponsorships
268 S3.2 - Social responsibility target
E4. Biodiversity and ecosystems
247 E4.1 - Aluminium value chain land-
use footprint
248 E4.2 - Land-use by footprint, by 
country
249 E4.3 - Land use and rehabilitation in 
Paragominas
250 E4.4 - Energy value chain land-use 
footprint
251 E4.5 - Operations in proximity to 
biodiversity sensitive areas
252 E4.6 - Threatened species within 
Hydro’s area of influence
254 E4.7 - Nature accounting for Illvatn 
pumped storage
G1. Business conduct
268 G1.1 - Non-compliance with 
business conduct standards
269 G1.2 - Non-compliance with laws 
and regulations
270 G1.3 - Compliance training
271 G1.4 - Current income tax
271 G1.5 - Certifications
272 G1.6 - ESG Partnerships and 
273 G1.7 - ICMM Performance 
E5. Resource use and circular 
economy
255 E5.1 - Resource inflows
256 E5.2 - Resource outflows – Products
256 E5.3 - Resource outflows – Waste
257 E5.4 - Resource outflows – Common 
waste outflow categories
258 E5.5 - Overburden moved in 
Paragominas
Other information
274 Content index of ESRS disclosure 
requirements
277 List of datapoints that derive from 
other EU legislation
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 236

[page 237]
E1.1 Total greenhouse gas emissions based on ownership equity
Reporting principles
Hydro’s decarbonization plan and GHG emissions targets refer to total GHG emissions based on ownership equity. 
See note E1.2 for total GHG emissions in consolidated operations, including marked-based scope 2 GHG emissions 
and total GHG emissions presented according to ESRS E1 AR48. 
Total direct and indirect (scope 1 and 2) GHG emissions, based on ownership equity, reported per business segment. 
GHG emissions are calculated based on the principles of the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol according to the equity 
share principle, based on ownership share as per year end 2025. The reported emissions include Hydro’s share of 
emissions from all operations including non-controlled operations where Hydro has a minority interest. 
The emission factors used to calculate scope 1 GHG emissions from fossil fuel consumption are based on the UK 
Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting (DEFRA) from 2023. The Global Warming Potentials 
(GWP) of non-CO2 greenhouse gases are based on IPPC AR6.
Direct GHG emissions (scope 1) are calculated based on use of fossil fuels and anode consumption in electrolysis. 
PFC emissions (CF4 and C2F6) are calculated based on automatic process measurements of emissions formed 
during anode effects in electrolytic cells, mainly due to production instability. Reported emissions are comparable to 
scope 1 emissions as defined by the GHG protocol. All GHG emissions are converted to CO2-equivalents (CO2e). 
Indirect GHG emissions (scope 2) are calculated based on consumption of purchased electricity and emissions from 
the gas-fired power plant in Qatalum, to group all electricity related emissions together. The table shows Hydro’s 
emissions according to the location based method in the revised GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance using emission 
factors from the International Energy Agency (IEA) which are updated on an annual basis. 
Hydro’s position is that GHG emissions reporting should reflect physical realities as closely as possible. Hydro’s 
decarbonization strategy generally follows the location based method, as this gives the best picture of scope 2 
emissions. Hydro believes that green Power Purchasing Agreements (PPAs) drive a green transition in the electricity 
sector. To reflect the impact of Hydro making active choices to enter into green PPAs, scope 2 emissions are set to 
zero in Hydro’s decarbonization strategy where green PPAs exist. This is consistently done, also for historical 
emissions, and result e.g. in zero scope 2 emissions for Hydro’s activities in Norway, Brazil (Albras) and Canada. This 
approach forms the basis for Hydro’s Revolving Credit Facility (RCF) and the associated performance reporting. 
Reference: GRI Standards 305-1 (2016) and 305-2 (2016); ESRS E1-6.
Greenhouse gas emissions per segment, ownership equity
million tonnes CO₂e 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Direct GHG emissions  5.44  5.65  5.88  6.15  6.58 
Bauxite & Alumina  1.62  1.85  2.16  2.20  2.31 
Primary aluminium production  3.24  3.23  3.16  3.37  3.64 
Remelters (mostly Metal Markets)  0.14  0.13  0.11  0.12  0.12 
Extruded solutions¹⁾  0.43  0.43  0.44  0.47  0.50 
Indirect GHG emissions  3.31  3.32  3.38  3.56  3.97 
Electricity consumption (mainly primary 
aluminium production)  3.31  3.32  3.38  3.56  3.97 
Total GHG emissions  8.75  8.97  9.26  9.71  10.55 
1 Includes GHG emissions from remelt activities in Extrusions.
The decrease in direct emissions is mainly driven by the Fuel Switch project at Alunorte in Bauxite & Alumina, which takes 
effect for the full year in 2025, due to the change from heavy fuel oil to natural gas. In addition, three electric boilers have 
been installed at Alunorte. 
In 2024, Alunorte started to use biomass from açaí residue mixed with coal used for steam generation, and biomass 
consumption increased in 2025 as part of this decarbonization strategy. Total biogenic CO2 from biomass were 85,542 
tonnes in 2025 and 60,743 tonnes in 2024. The biogenic emissions are being reported separately, and therefore not 
included in the Scope 1 emissions reported above, as defined by the GHG protocol.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 237

[page 238]
E1.2 Total GHG emissions in consolidated operations
Reporting principles 
The following emissions are calculated for Hydro’s consolidated operations according to ESRS E1-6. The reported 
emissions include Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions on 100 percent basis for fully consolidated units, and on an equity 
basis for the joint operation, Tomago. 
Scope 1 and location-based Scope 2 GHG emissions for the non-controlled smelter Alouette and the joint venture 
Qatalum are included in the reported Scope 3 category 15 “Investment", on an equity basis, including Hydro’s share 
of GHG emissions from the natural gas fired power plant at Qatalum. The other Scope 3 emissions are based on a 
combination of supplier-specific primary data and estimations based on statistical averages and generic emission 
factors. See note E1.3
 for more information.
In 2024, Hydro started to report scope 2 emissions using the market-based approach in line with the ESRS 
requirements. Hydro’s electricity consumption in Norway is fully covered by green Power Purchase Agreements 
(PPAs), with about 60 percent through an internal PPA where energy attribute certificates (EACs) are cancelled. The 
remaining share is covered by external PPAs without EAC cancellation. Some of the extrusion sites in Europe and 
North America also have green PPAs or on-site solar and wind installations. The 2024 values have been recalculated 
in 2025.
For sites without renewable electricity generation or PPAs with EACs, residual mix emission factors from AiB for 
Europe, NORSUS for Brazil, Green-e for the US, the Australian Government for Australia, or IEA are applied to 
calculate scope 2 emissions according to the market-based approach. Sites with on-site renewable electricity use an 
emission factor of zero. For PPAs with cancelled EACs, either the PPA emission factor is applied or set to zero if 
unspecified.
The table includes consolidated gross market-based scope 2 emissions, acknowledging green PPAs as 
documentation.
Reference. ESRS E1-6 AR48.
Total GHG emissions in consolidated operations
Milestones 
and targets 
1) 2)
All numbers in million tonnes CO₂e 2018 2024 2025
% N / 
N-1 2025 2030 2050
Annual % 
target / base 
year
Scope 1 GHG emissions
Gross Scope 1 GHG emissions  6.09  6.37  6.02  94.5 % 10% 30% Net zero N/A
Percentage of Scope 1 GHG 
emissions from regulated emission 
trading schemes (%)³⁾  25.1 %  31.2 %
Scope 2 GHG emissions
Gross location-based Scope 2 
GHG emissions  2.31  1.55  1.56  100.6 %
10% 
reduction
30% 
reduction Net zero N/A
Gross market-based Scope 2  5.73  4.91 
Significant scope 3 GHG 
emissions, according to ESRS
Total gross indirect (Scope 3) GHG 
emissions (consolidated)  21.60  16.22  16.15  99.6 %
30% 
reduction N/A
Purchased goods and services  16.07  10.73  10.62 
Fuel and energy-related activities 
(not included in Scope 1 or Scope 2)  0.88  0.89  0.87 
Upstream transportation and 
distribution  0.36  0.32  0.39 
Downstream transportation  0.06  0.05  0.05 
Processing of sold products  1.40  1.40  1.40 
Investments  2.83  2.83  2.82 
Total GHG emissions
Total GHG emissions (location-
based)  30.00  24.14  23.73  98.3 %
Total GHG emissions (market-
based)  28.32 
 27.08 
1 Scope 1 and 2 reduction targets refer to Hydro's strategic target for the sum of scope 1 and scope 2 emissions, which do not refer to performance 
according to the ESRS definitions of GHG emissions on consolidated basis. See note E1.1 for more information.
2 Scope 3 targets refer to Hydro's target upstream scope 3 emissions per tonne aluminium delivered to market by 2030. See note E1.3 for more 
information.
3 Based on the ESRS reporting boundary.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 238

[page 239]
E1.3 Indirect (Scope 3) greenhouse gas emissions
Reporting principles 
Hydro’s indirect emissions based on ownership equity. 
The calculation and reporting of Hydro’s scope 3 emissions are based on principles from the International Aluminium 
Institute’s (IAI) Scope 3 Calculation Tool Guidance 2022 and its definition of material scope 3 categories. Indirect 
(scope 3) GHG emissions are reported for emissions related to purchased goods and services, fuel and energy 
related activities, upstream transportation and distribution, downstream transportation and distribution, and 
processing of sold products. Reported scope 3 emissions are based on a combination of supplier-specific primary 
data and estimations based on statistical averages and generic emission factors. 
Hydro presented its scope 3 emissions for the first time in 2021, together with 2018 as a baseline.
Reference: GRI Standards 305-3 (2016); ESRS E1-6.
Significant Scope 3 GHG emissions according to IAI, equity basis 
million tonnes CO₂e 2025¹⁾ 2024 2023 2022 2021
Upstream scope 3 emissions  11.29  11.35  11.16  12.70  13.99 
Purchased goods and services  10.27  10.37  10.06  11.60  12.87 
Fuel and energy-related activities 
(not included in Scope 1 or Scope 2)  0.71  0.72  0.84  0.83  0.84 
Upstream transportation and distribution  0.31  0.26  0.26  0.27  0.28 
Downstream scope 3 emissions 1.45 1.45 1.46 1.46 1.46
Downstream transportation and distribution  0.05  0.05  0.06  0.06  0.06 
Processing of sold products  1.40  1.40  1.40  1.40  1.40 
Total GHG emissions  12.74  12.80  12.62  14.16  15.45 
1 In addition to the numbers reported above, emissions from cathode materials and aluminium fluoride used in primary aluminium electrolysis have 
been reported for the first time in 2025, constituting a total of 127,000 tCO2e.
Hydro has previously reported an over-achievement in reduction of upstream Scope 3 emissions and Scope 3 emissions 
per tonne aluminium delivered to market, both due to market distortions resulting in less external metal purchase, and due 
to inconsistent use of baseline numbers.
These inconsistencies have now been updated for all years in the table above, including removing external conversion 
scrap for all years and updating baseline numbers due to the high degree of external sourcing of alumina in Aluminium 
metal due to the abnormal situation in Brazil in 2018. In addition to these historical updates, scope 3 emissions related to 
Alumetal has also been included for all years.
In 2025, there has been an increase in emissions related to upstream transportation of natural gas due to the fuel switch 
project at Alunorte.
Scope 3 emissions from category 15 "Investments" is included in note E1.2
 which is based on ESRS requirement E1-6 
AR48. This includes scope 1 and scope 2 (location-based) GHG emissions for the non-controlled smelter Alouette and the 
joint venture Qatalum, on an equity basis, representing 2.82 million tCO2e.
Scope 3 emissions related to purchased goods and services and fuel and energy-related activities, representing 86 
percent of total reported Scope 3 emissions, are calculated using primary data in combination with emission factors as 
described in the reporting principles.
E1.4 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity 
Reporting principles 
Hydro reports GHG intensity at the Alunorte alumina refinery and GHG intensity of the electrolysis process from 
Hydro’s smelters, based on ownership equity, which are operational performance indicators in Hydro. 
GHG intensity of alumina refining is calculated based on the total GHG emissions and production volumes at Hydro’s 
Alunorte alumina refinery. The reported GHG intensity covers all alumina refining in Hydro.
GHG intensity of the electrolysis process is calculated based on greenhouse gas emissions and production volumes 
in Hydro’s smelters, based on ownership equity. This is an operational target that excludes extraordinary emissions 
resulting from e.g. start up of curtailed capacity. The methodology for calculation is site specific and historical figures 
may be subject to change. 
GHG intensity based on net revenue is calculated based on total scope 1, scope 2 location based, and material scope 
3 emissions, in consolidated operations, divided by total revenue as reported in the consolidated income statement. 
Reference: GRI Standards 305-4 (2016); ESRS E1-6.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 239

[page 240]
GHG intensity
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Alumina refinery - Alunorte
Tonne CO2e per tonne alumina  0.48  0.55  0.61  0.63  0.63 
Electrolysis of primary aluminium - based 
on ownership equity
Tonne CO2e per tonne aluminium  1.54  1.52  1.52  1.56  1.62 
The decrease in GHG intensity per tonne alumina at Alunorte is due to the fuel switch project coming into full effect in 
2025.
The increase in GHG intensity per tonne of aluminium from the electrolysis process in 2025 was primarily driven by power 
outages that led to increased anode effect minutes, as well as issues related to anode quality. Slovalco has been excluded 
since 2022 due to production curtailment.
GHG intensity based on net revenue and total Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions was 114.1 tonnes (location based) and 130.2 
tonnes (marked based) of CO2-equivalents per NOK million in 2025, compared to 118.5 and 139.1, respectively, in 2024. 
This is an ESRS reporting requirement, but not an operational target for Hydro, as the value will vary depending on market 
prices than explaining changes in actual emissions. The value is calculated based on total GHG emissions reported in the 
appendix, and net revenue from consolidated activities from note 1.4
 to the consolidated financial statement.
E1.5 Direct GHG emissions by GHG type
Reporting principles
Breakdown of reported direct GHG emissions from Hydro controlled entities, by greenhouse gas type. 
Amounts are reported in CO2-equivalents for each GHG type.
Reference: GRI 305-5 (2016); ESRS E1-6.
Direct GHG emissions per GHG type, controlled activities
million tonnes CO₂e 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
CO2  5.76  6.11  6.54  6.85  7.36 
PFC (perfluorocarbon)  0.12  0.12  0.12  0.15  0.28 
Other  0.00  0.00  0.00  0.00  0.00 
Total  5.88  6.23  6.66  7.00  7.64 
The reduction is due to the Alunorte fuel switch coming into full effect in 2025.
E1.6 Energy consumption
Reporting principles
Total energy consumption in Hydro’s controlled operations, reported by energy carrier. Energy consumption includes 
energy generated by Hydro operations, purchased energy, and energy losses in hydroelectric plants. Other 
hydrocarbons sources reported include heating, cooling and steam generated in Hydro operations, as well as 
purchased steam and heat in the Extrusions business area.
Reference: GRI Standards 302-1 (2016); ESRS E1-5.
Energy consumption per energy carrier, controlled activities
megawatt hours (MWh) 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Coal  3 210 434  2 937 010  3 179 543  3 719 865  3 627 600 
Electricity  19 463 391  18 836 925  18 275 543  21 763 317  21 536 416 
Diesel / gasoil  474 999  466 061  616 750  521 735  443 266 
Gasoline  301  299  468  424  494 
Heat  35 903  36 126  46 552  50 389  53 586 
Heavy oil  220 369  4 121 772  7 602 349  7 240 645  8 041 571 
Light fuel oil  757  717  659  653  865 
Natural gas  10 487 055  6 651 095  3 503 334  3 746 778  4 248 776 
Natural gas liquids  290 248  299 243  301 411  303 389  309 130 
Other hydrocarbons  6 249  6 753  6 917  6 814  6 542 
Total energy consumption  34 189 706  33 355 998  33 533 527  37 354 009  38 268 245 
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 240

[page 241]
In 2024 and 2025, heavy fuel oil consumption decreased and natural gas consumption increased as a result of the fuel 
switch at Alunorte. 
Renewable energy as a share of total energy consumption in Hydro’s consolidated activities is estimated to 17.6 million 
MWh in 2025, corresponding to 51.6 percent of total energy consumption. Renewable energy consumption is estimated 
based on total energy consumption by energy carrier, including self-generated electricity, and data on country specific 
energy mix in the electricity grid from the International Energy Agency (IEA) updated in 2025. Electricity derived from 
biofuels, waste, hydro, geothermal, solar, wind and tide are considered renewable. Based on the country specific grid mix, 
around 394 thousand MWh (1 percent) of the energy consumption was from nuclear sources, and 47 percent or 16.2 
million MWh were from fossil sources. 
All of Hydro’s energy consumption relates to activities that are classified as high impact climate sectors (Mining, 
manufacturing, electricity). In a normal year, Hydro operates 13.7 TWh renewable electricity production in the Nordic 
market. In 2025, Hydro used approximately 9.5 million MWh own-generated and 8.0 million MWh of purchased renewable 
electricity in its own operations.
E1.7 Energy intensity 
Reporting principles
Energy intensity of the alumina refining at Alunorte is calculated based on total energy consumption at Alunorte 
divided by total alumina production.
Energy intensity in Hydro’s controlled smelters is calculated based on direct current consumption in the electrolysis 
process per kg aluminium produced.
Energy intensity based on net revenue is calculated based on total energy consumption in Hydro’s controlled entities, 
divided by total revenue as reported in Hydro’s consolidated income statement.
Reference: GRI Standards 302-3 (2016); ESRS E1-5.
Energy intensity
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
MWh per tonne alumina - Alunorte  2.21  2.20  2.21  2.21  2.10 
MWh per tonne primary aluminium - 
electrolysis  13.99  14.13  14.03  13.95  14.00 
Total energy consumption in 2025 was 164.4 MWh per NOK million revenues, compared to 163.8 in 2024. This was 
incorrectly reported based on a calculation of gigajoules per MNOK revenue in the 2024 annual report. Energy intensity 
based on net revenue is an ESRS reporting requirement but not an operational target for Hydro, as the value will vary 
depending on market prices. The value is calculated based on total energy consumption and net revenue from 
consolidated activities. All of Hydro’s energy consumption relates to activities that are classified as high impact climate 
sectors (Mining, manufacturing, electricity), even if significant portion of total revenues are associated with activities in 
non-high climate impact sectors, such as renewable energy. See note 1.4
 to the consolidated financial statement for 
information on revenues by segment.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 241

[page 242]
E2.1 Emissions to air and water
Reporting principles 
Total non-GHG emissions to air and water from Hydro controlled entities. Emissions reported below comprise 
pollutants emitted from sites exceeding the limits listed in Annex II of EU E-PRTR. Reported numbers are based on 
continuous monitoring, periodic sampling, site-based emission factors, generic emission factors, or other estimation 
methodology.
To align more closely with the measurement hierarchy stated in ESRS E2, Alunorte changed its reporting approach in 
2024 to report directly measured emissions of SO2 and NOx through periodic sampling, instead of using default 
emission factors taken from the Norwegian Authorities. In 2025, Alunorte also updated 2017 data to align with this 
methodology and allow for proper comparison between current performance and the 2017 baseline used as the basis 
for Hydro's global target on reducing material non-GHG emissions. 
Generic emission factors for non-GHG emissions from mobile fuel consumption are based on the Tier II factors 
provided by EMEP/EEA air pollutant inventory guidebook 2023. The emission factors for non-GHG emissions from 
stationary fuel consumption are based on the latest factors published by the Norwegian Statistical Bureau (SSB), last 
updated in 2024, with the exception of black carbon (BC), which is based on the Tier I factors provided by EMEP/EEA 
air pollutant inventory guidebook 2023. If sites have developed specific emission factors based on their own 
operational performance or emission factors stated in their operational licenses, these are used instead of the generic 
emission factors adopted by Hydro.
Total emissions of PAH-related pollutants to water do not include data from Hydro’s part-owned smelter, Albras, in 
Barcarena, Brazil. Under Brazilian legislation, it is not a legal requirement for Albras to measure this group of 
emissions, so the data does not currently exist. In 2025, Albras began monitoring PAH emissions to air, aligning with 
the16 PAHs listed by US Environmental Protection Agency. This is a larger group of PAHs specified the EU’s E-PRTR 
list of pollutants, and therefore does not align with the reporting requirements of the CSRD.
Reference: GRI Standards 305-6 (2016) and 305-7 (2016); ESRS E2-4.
Emissions to air
tonnes 2025 2024
Sulphur dioxides (SO₂)  12 021  14 770 
Nitrogen oxide (NOx)  1 950  3 832 
Particulate matter (PM₁₀)  2 650  2 745 
Anthracene  0.05  0.06 
Naphthalene  2.67  1.97 
Fluorine and inorganic compounds (HF)  444  428 
Chlorine and inorganic compounds (as HCl)  19  35 
PCDD + PCDF (dioxins + furans)  0.09  0.01 
Arsenic and compounds (as As)  0.17  0.15 
Chromium and compounds (as Cr)  0.69  0.89 
Copper and compounds (as Cu)  0.11  0.11 
Mercury and compounds (as Hg)  0.45  0.49 
Nickel and compounds (as Ni)  5.40  4.36 
Reduction of SO2, NOx and PM10 in 2025 was due to the complete elimination of heavy fuel oil combustion at Alunorte. 
Year-to-year variability in the other emissions to air are within normal deviation, related to the sampling methodology and 
extrapolation to an annual figure. In 2024, Hydro incorrectly reported 116 tonnes of non-methane volatile organic 
compounds (NMVOC) emissions to air. This has been corrected in the 2025 report. All sites’ NMVOC emissions to air 
were below E-PRTR thresholds in 2024 and 2025. 
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 242

[page 243]
Emissions to water
tonnes 2025 2024
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) ¹⁾  0.08  0.14 
Naphthalene  0.47  0.50 
Fluoranthene  0.05  0.08 
Benzo(g,h,i)perylene  0.01  0.02 
Anthracene  0.01  0.00 
Fluorides (as total F) ²⁾  230  212 
Arsenic and compounds (as As)  0.05  0.03 
Chromium and compounds (as Cr)  0.27  0.38 
Copper and compounds (as Cu)  0.00  0.15 
Nickel and compounds (as Ni)  0.44  0.16 
Zinc and compounds (as Zn)  1.21  0.31 
1 PAH emissions excludes emissions from Albras.
2 Fluorides to water were reported as 214 tonnes in the 2024 annual report due to incorrect application of the limits in E-PRTR for certain smaller 
sites. This has been corrected to 212 tonnes in this annual report.
Year-to-year variability in emissions to water are within normal deviation, related to the sampling methodology and 
extrapolation to an annual figure.
E2.2 Spills and leakages
Reporting principles 
Total reported severe and major leakages from Hydro’s controlled entities. 
Spillages and leakages to the external environment (soil, water or air) are registered in Synergi and/or in IMS, Hydro’s 
reporting tools for incidents regarding health, safety, security and environment. Reported cases comprise incidents 
that have resulted in emissions to the external environment that are categorized as severe or major, i.e. unintended 
and sustained spills and leakages. A spillage or leakage can be reclassified according to changes in the actual 
consequence of the spillage or leakage, and historical figures are updated accordingly. Several reported incidents can 
be closely related and therefore classified as the same spillage. 
Reference: GRI Standards 306-3 (2016); ESRS E2-4.
Spills and leakages to the external environment
number of incidents 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Spills, leakages 0 0 1 ¹⁾ 1 0
1 The 2023 incident relates to a spill of sulfuric acid at our Extrusions site in Cheltenham, UK. The case was classified as severe due to its potential 
consequences, not due to actual damage to the environment.
E2.3 Environmental permit breaches
Reporting principles 
Total reported severe and major permit breaches from Hydro controlled operations. 
Environmental permit breaches are reported when an incident occurs that in any way relates to an environmental 
permit. This definition is in certain cases stricter than the legal definition, i.e. not all reported incidents are related to 
breach of legal criteria in an environmental permit. For other cases of non-compliance, see note G1.2
. The reported 
cases are based on monthly monitoring and reported in Synergi and/or in IMS, Hydro’s reporting tools for incidents 
regarding health, safety, security and environment. Reported cases comprise breaches that are classified as severe 
or major, which mean the incidents require regulator contact and/or have led to permit breaches with possible fine or 
suspension. The reported permit breaches may be related to spills per leakages covered in note E2.2
. Several 
reported incidents can be related to the same permit and will be reported as one breach. Historical figures may be 
subject to change due to time lag in administrative procedures.
Reference: ESRS E2-4.
Permit breaches
number of incidents 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Permit breaches 0 0 0 3 2
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 243

[page 244]
E2.4 Indirect non-GHG emissions related to energy consumption
Reporting principles
In 2024, Hydro developed emissions factors for calculating indirect non-GHG emissions related to electricity 
consumption, similar to the location-based approach for Scope 2 GHG reporting. The calculations are based on the 
latest country-specific grid mixes published by IEA and emissions factors provided by EMEP/EEA air pollutant 
inventory guidebook 2024, which is why reported values for 2024, below, differ from those published in last year’s 
annual report. Marginal increases in all pollutants in 2025 are primarily driven by increased electrification of Alunorte, 
Brazil, as part of the refinery’s decarbonization roadmap. This disclosure is in support of Hydro’s commitment to the 
Alliance for Clean Air and was developed in collaboration with the Stockholm Environment Institute.
Total non-GHG emissions from electricity consumption
tonnes 2025 2024
Black Carbon  18  18 
Carbon monoxide (CO)  690  672 
NM VOC  54  52 
Nitrogen oxide (NOx)  1 941  1 895 
Particulate Matter (PM10)  654  635 
Particulate Matter (PM2.5)  546  530 
Sulphur dioxide (SO2)  3 906  3 820 
E2.5 Substances of concern and very high concern (SoC / SVHC)
Reporting principles 
Total amount of substances of concern (SoC) and substances of very high concern (SVHC) that are generated, 
procured, used or sold in Hydro’s production activities.
Hydro’s interaction with SoC and SVHC are primarily as part of mixtures, such as paints and solvents used in surface 
treatment of extruded aluminium profiles, coal tar pitch used for anode production, and cryolite bath used in 
production of primary aluminium. From 2025, Hydro reports amounts of coal tar pitch used and cryolite sold.
There is significant uncertainty in the classification and measurement of paints, solvents, and substances used in 
non-production activities such as construction, maintenance and repair, research and laboratory that potentially 
contain SoCs and SVHC. For these types of mixtures, data on contents per mixture are typically classified with an 
interval of relevant substances in several hazard classes that are contained in the mixture, making data unavailable at 
a consolidated level. Therefore, Hydro has chosen to exclude such mixtures from the reporting for 2025. 
Reference: ESRS E2-5.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 244

[page 245]
Substances of concern and substances of very high concern
Tonnes SoC Tonnes SVHC Tonnes SoC Tonnes SVHC
Hazard class 2025 2025 2024 2024
Carcinogenicity categories 1 and 2 85 389 85 389 83 264 78 599
Chronic hazard to the aquatic environment categories 1 to 4  16 143  0  33 303  0 
Endocrine disruption for human health  0  0  27  27 
Endocrine disruption for the environment  0  0  34  0 
Germ cell mutagenicity categories 1 and 2  85 389  0  78 723  27 
Persistent, Mobile and Toxic or Very Persistent and Very Mobile  0  0  4  0 
Persistent, bioaccumulative and toxic or very persistent, very  85 389  85 389  78 553  78 535 
Reproductive toxicity categories 1 and 2  85 389  0  84 322  53 
Respiratory sensitisation category 1  0  0  109  0 
Skin sensitisation category 1  85 389  0  82 351  0 
Specific target organ toxicity, repeated exposure categories 1 and 2  16 143  0  23 876  0 
Specific target organ toxicity, single exposure categories 1 and 2  0  0  47  0 
Negatively affects the re-use and recycling of materials in the 
product  0  0  115 308  0 
The change from 2024 to 2025 is driven by the change in measurement methodology as described in the reporting 
principles.
E3.1 Water interaction
Reporting principles
Total water interaction in Hydro’s controlled entities.
All operations related to the aluminium value chain maintain a water balance, in line with regulatory requirements and 
the minimum disclosure requirements dictated by ICMM’s 2021 Water Reporting: Good practice guide. This includes 
volumes of withdrawals (by quality and source), discharge (by quality and destination), consumption (by type) and the 
percentage of the operational water demand met by water reuse and/or recycling, if applicable. Methods for 
calculating these values are site specific. Where operational sites receive their water supply from third parties, like the 
municipal water infrastructure, the quantities are based on invoiced volumes across the year. In operations that 
manage their own water extraction and discharges, the data can be directly measured using flow meters, or inferred 
from pumping capacity and run times. Hydro does not have instances of “Other Managed Water” (i.e., water that 
needs to be actively managed but does not enter the operational water system used to supply the operational water 
demand) so this parameter is not included in Hydro’s reporting.
Reference: GRI Standards 303-3, 303-4 and 303-5 (2018); ESRS E3-4.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 245

[page 246]
Total water interaction 
High quality 
(2025)
Low quality 
(2025)
million m³ 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Number of locations  116  116  116  111  114 
Water withdrawal, by 
source
Surface water withdrawal  70.8  14.2  85.0  88.5  90.0  94.6  100.7 
- River, stream, lake  45.3  14.2  59.5  65.8  64.7  68.8  72.0 
- Rainwater capture  25.5  0.0  25.5  22.7  25.3  25.8  28.7 
Ground water  1.5  12.0  13.6  12.8  13.4  12.4  12.4 
Seawater  0.0  163.9  163.9  165.8  164.7  165.6  163.2 
Third-party Supply (e.g. 
municipal)  9.1  12.5  21.6  15.3  15.7  16.1  16.5 
Total water withdrawal  81.5  202.6  284.1  282.5  283.7  288.7  292.8 
Water discharges, by 
destination 
Surface water (river, 
stream, lake)  39.5  0.0  39.5  57.0  54.6  64.7  69.0 
Ground water  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.1  0.1  0.0 
Seawater  21.0  175.2  196.2  197.0  195.2  198.0  196.4 
Third-party supply (e.g. 
municipal)  0.3  30.9  31.2  14.5  16.6  15.6  16.6 
Total water discharges  60.8  206.1  266.9  268.6  266.6  278.3  282.0 
Total water consumption  17.2  13.9  17.2  10.3  10.8 
Total Water reused/
recycled  125.5  68.9  65.4  64.7  67.2 
In 2025, Hydro’s aluminum smelter Høyanger, in Norway, identified an error in the classification of one of its water 
withdrawals. This has now been corrected, leading to a reduction in surface water withdrawal and an increase in third-
party supply of ca. 5 million m3, when compared with 2024 figures. Reported volumes of reuse also increased significantly 
in 2025, due to an identified reporting error in previous years; Hydro’s bauxite mine in Paragominas, Brazil, reviewed its 
water balance reporting principles in 2025 and identified a reuse flow that was not being correctly accounted for in 
reported figures.
The water intensity per revenue was 82.6 m3 per million NOK in 2025.
E3.2 Water withdrawal, by country
Reporting principles 
Total water withdrawal, by country,  Hydro controlled entities. This includes both freshwater and seawater. The 
reported water interaction is consistent with the principles in note E3.1
.
Reference: GRI Standards 303-3, 303-4 and 303-5 (2018); ESRS E3-4.
Total water withdrawal, by country
million m³ 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Norway  214.4  216.3  212.6  218.0  216.1 
Brazil ¹⁾  63.2  59.4  63.4  62.0  67.1 
United States  3.4  3.4  3.9  4.5  4.8 
Rest of the world  3.2  3.3  3.8  4.2  4.7 
Total water withdrawal  284.1  282.5  283.7  288.7  292.8 
1 Includes 15.5 million m3 of rainwater that was treated and discharged in 2025. This figure varies with precipitation. 
E3.3 Water interaction in water-stressed areas 
Reporting principles
Water interaction in Hydro’s controlled entities located in water stressed areas, based on data for baseline water 
stress from World Resource Insitute (WRI). The reported water interaction is consistent with the principles in note 
E3.1.
Reference: GRI Standards 303-3, 303-4 and 303-5 (2018); ESRS E3-4.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 246

[page 247]
Water interaction in water-stressed areas
High quality 
(2025)
Low quality 
(2025)
million m³ 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Number of locations  34  34  34  34  34 
Water withdrawal, by 
source
Surface water withdrawal  0.1  0.0  0.1  0.1  0.0  0.0  0.0 
- River, stream, lake  0.1  0.0  0.1  0.1  0.0  0.0  0.0 
- Rainwater capture  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0 
Ground water  0.1  0.0  0.1  0.1  0.1  0.1  0.1 
Seawater  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0 
Third-party supply (e.g. 
municipal)  0.8  0.0  0.8  1.0  1.3  1.3  1.3 
Total Water withdrawal  1.0  0.0  1.0  1.2  1.4  1.4  1.5 
Water discharges, by 
destination 
Surface water (river, 
stream, lake)  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.1  0.1  0.1 
Ground water  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0 
Seawater  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0 
Third-party supply (e.g. 
municipal)  0.1  0.6  0.7  0.8  1.0  1.0  1.1 
Total water discharges  0.2  0.6  0.7  0.9  1.0  1.1  1.1 
Total Water consumption  0.3  0.0  0.3  0.3  0.4  0.5  0.4 
Total water reused/
recycled  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0  0.0 
E4.1 Aluminium value chain land-use footprint
Reporting principles 
Table summarizing area occupied by Hydro controlled assets, within the aluminium value chain, by activity and 
primary habitat type in the landscape where the assets are located. Land use metrics are reported on a 100% basis 
regardless of equity ownership.
Habitat type is classified according to UNEP-WCMC's Global Map of Terrestrial Habitat Types. Area given represents 
the total property area of the assets, which can be larger than the actual footprint of the infrastructure and include 
non-operational land areas. 
Reference: GRI Standards 304-1 (2016); ESRS E4-5.
Value chain footprint in hectares by habitat type, per activity 
Hectare Mining Refining Smelting Extrusion¹⁾ Fabrication Recycling Total
Forest - subtropical-tropical moist lowland  19 160  4 528  188  10  0  17  23 904 
Forest - temperate  0  0  347  235  18  302  902 
Forest - boreal  0  0  117  0  0  0  117 
Shrubland - temperate  0  0  0  59  1  33  92 
Grassland - temperate  0  0  0  15  0  39  55 
Savanna - dry  0  0  0  11  0  0  11 
Shrubland - subtropical-tropical dry  0  0  0  8  0  0  8 
Desert - hot  0  0  0  0  1  4  5 
Footprint 19 160 4 528 653 337 21 395 25 094
1 Extrusion includes some recycling activities.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 247

[page 248]
E4.2 Land-use footprint, by country
Reporting principles
Table summarizing area occupied by Hydro controlled assets, within the aluminium value chain, by activity and 
country. Area given represents the total property area of the assets, which can be larger than the actual footprint of 
the infrastructure and include non-operational land areas.
Reference: GRI 304-1; ESRS E4-5.
Land use footprint in hectares, per country and activity
Country / activity Bauxite mine Refinery Smelter Extrusion Fabrication Recycling Total
Brazil  19 160  4 528  188  10  0  17  23 904 
Norway  0  0  383  5  0  0  389 
USA  0  0  0  56  10  211  278 
Slovakia  0  0  64  10  0  0  73 
France  0  0  0  55  0  13  69 
Germany  0  0  18  24  0  19  61 
Belgium  0  0  0  23  0  26  49 
Poland  0  0  0  20  7  21  48 
Spain  0  0  0  17  0  17  34 
Hungary  0  0  0  21  0  11  32 
Italy  0  0  0  17  0  14  31 
Sweden  0  0  0  8  2  16  26 
Netherlands  0  0  0  8  0  11  19 
UK  0  0  0  6  1  9  16 
Canada  0  0  0  13  0  1  14 
Denmark  0  0  0  13  0  0  13 
Mexico  0  0  0  11  0  0  11 
China  0  0  0  10  0  0  10 
Austria  0  0  0  7  0  0  7 
Luxembourg  0  0  0  0  0  5  5 
Argentina  0  0  0  4  0  0  4 
Portugal  0  0  0  0  0  2  2 
Total 19 160 4 528 653 337 21 395 25 094
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 248

[page 249]
E4.3 Land use and rehabilitation in Paragominas
Reporting principles 
The rehabilitation data is reported to the Brazilian National Mining Agency (ANM) and the Secretary of State for 
Environment and Sustainability in the state of Pará where Paragominas is situated (SEMAS), as part of the 
suppression permit renewal process. 
The suppression, mining and rehabilitation cycles are constantly ongoing and are not synchronized. Suppression and 
mining are at their peak in the dry season, while rehabilitation happens primarily in the wet season. The three cycles 
are also influenced by different drivers such as permits for the suppression cycle, land available for rehabilitation, and 
rainfall for the rehabilitation cycle. As a result, there is no direct link between the area cleared each year and the area 
mined or rehabilitated that same year. 
Reference: GRI Standards 304-2 and 304-4 (2016).
Land use - Paragominas 
Hectares given per point in time 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Total MPSA Property¹⁾  18 764  18 763  18 763  18 764  18 764 
 - Long-term infrastructure  233  234  236  236  202 
 - Tailings storage facilities  2 396  2 396  2 397  2 450  2 472 
 - Current mining operations  2 063  2 083  2 119  1 921  1 697 
 - Area under ongoing rehabilitation  3 748  3 467  3 149  2 905  2 646 
 - Legal reserves (ARL and PPA)²⁾  3 680  3 680  3 680  3 680  3 714 
 - Remainder of property  6 644  6 903  7 182  7 572  8 033 
Total mined area, outside of MPSA property  396  395  150  0  0 
- Current mining operations  384  394  150  0  0 
- Area under ongoing rehabilitation  12  1  0  0  0 
Total affected area¹⁾  8 836  8 575  8 051  7 512  7 017 
Total pipeline easement track³⁾  489  489  489  489  489 
Total transmission line track³⁾  1 893  1 893  1 893  1 893  1 893 
Area suppressed, in reporting year  261  508  544  507  427 
Area mined, in reporting year  434  434  450  411  389 
Area starting rehabilitation, in reporting year  294  292  244  259  167 
1 Total affected area = Long-term infrastructure + tailings storage facilities + current mining operations + area under ongoing rehabilitation.
2 ARL: Área de reserva legal; PPL: Plano pluriannual Lei No 1070/2021.
3 There is a spatial overlap between the easement tracks of the pipeline and transmission line of ca. 102 ha.
Land rehabilitation of mined areas - Paragominas
Hectares at year-end 2025 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Area released from mining operation in reporting year  266.9  251.8  249.0  181.7  150.3 
Area undergoing rehabilitation to date  3.3  161.1  249.0  181.7  150.3 
Area remaining to complete target  263.6  90.7  0.0  0.0  0.0 
Target year for completion 2027 2026 2025 2024 2023
% complete to-date at year-end 2025  1 %  64 %  100 %  100 %  100 %
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 249

[page 250]
E4.4 Energy value chain land-use footprint
Reporting principles
Tables summarizing land use for Hydro’s hydropower operations and material renewable energy plants for which 
Hydro has an offtake agreement. Land use metrics are reported on a 100 percent basis regardless of equity 
ownership.  
There is no aligned definition of land-use and land-use change for the energy sector in Norway. Hydro’s reporting is 
therefore based on assumptions that could be subject to change based on future standardization.  
For hydropower operations, Hydro distinguishes between the direct footprint and indirect area of influence of its 
operations. The direct footprint is estimated based on the surface area of reservoirs used to produce power 
(reservoirs regulated by Hydro), based on highest regulated water level (50 meter buffer); surface area of spoil heaps 
(25 meter buffer), which are areas disturbed due to construction or maintenance activities; and infrastructure such as 
buildings, roads, dams which are operated by Hydro (25 meter buffer); and water courses downstream in regulation 
area (20 meter buffer, estimated down to the recipient lake/fjord). All these elements have an added buffer zone, 
shown in brackets, to account for actual footprint on species surrounding the structures. 
The indirect area of influence for hydropower operations is approximated based on a 1 km buffer zone from all 
elements included in physical footprint. This is based on the influence Hydropower operations can have on nature 
around our structures such as the impact on migrating species. The 1 km buffer zone is a conservative estimate and 
may differ based on type of activity and infrastructure, but is seen as a proxy.  
For wind and solar operations, the area impacted is reported based on the total surface area altered/managed by the 
organization. Currently, there is no common approach for estimating the land-use or land-use change for the energy 
sector in Norway, and we have therefore made some assumptions, that could be subject to change based on 
standardization. 
For wind and solar operations, Hydro distinguishes between the direct footprint and indirect area of influence. The 
direct footprint is based on the area of land converted for the construction of the project. The direct footprint estimated 
during project development and construction of wind- and solar power parks may change in actual operation. The 
indirect area of influence for wind and solar projects is defined as the project area (directly footprint) plus a buffer 
zone of 10 km for wind and 5 km solar.
Land use footprint of Hydro’s hydropower operations 
Asset name Røldal-Suldal 
(RSK) Sogn: Fortun Sogn: Tyin/
Holsbru Stavanger
Telemark & 
Svelgfoss Vigelandsfoss Total
Equity share  26 %  100 %  100 %  26 %  100 %  100 %
Direct footprint (hectare)
 - Reservoirs  5 579  2 573  4 748  6 002  9 088  0  27 990 
 - Dams  43  21  18  55  8  2 148
 - Infrastructure  25  19  8  35  31  1 119
 - Spoil heaps  52  69  40  78  75  0  313 
 - Access roads  300  19  68  96  99  0 583
 - Directly influenced rivers 
downstream  571  498  435  922  163  63  2 651 
Total direct footprint with 
overlaps  6 414  3 128  5 279  7 066  9 411  64 31 362
Total area of influence (hectare)  42 268  30 849  32 481  67 978  30 803  3 370  207 750 
Other associated infrastructure
Number of dams  45  23  21  50  10  4  153 
Transmission lines (km)  152  94  30  172  589  7  1 044 
Land use footprint of non-controlled wind and solar projects in Hydro’s energy sourcing value chain
Asset name
Boa Sorte, 
Brazil
Mendubim, 
Brazil
Stor-Skälsjön, 
Sweden
Tonstad, 
Norway
Ventos de São 
Zacarias, Brazil
Vista Alegre, 
Brazil
Direct footprint with overlaps (hectare) 878 987 343 420 951 1 684
Area of influence (hectare) 37 340 21 906 73 047 56 356 178 314 41 053
The listed projects repesent major renewable power sources for Hydro’s operations. Boa Sorte and Mendubim are solar 
power sites, while Stor-Skälsjön, Tonstad, Ventos de São Zacarias and Vista Alegre are wind power sites. Hydro is the 
operator of Tonstad but has zero ownership equity of this assets. The other assets are part-owned but not operated by 
Hydro. 
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 250

[page 251]
E4.5 Operations in proximity to biodiversity sensitive areas
Reporting principles 
The first table summarizes Hydro controlled assets, within the aluminium value chain, that are located in or near 
biodiversity sensitive areas, as defined by the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (i.e. Legally Protected 
Areas, Key Biodiversity Areas and UNESCO World Heritage Sites). 
The primary activity column presents the most material activity in relation to potential impacts on nature. The distance 
used to define whether an asset is near to a biodiversity sensitive area is dependent on which primary activity is 
conducted by the asset and provided in the table below under the column headed "Proximity used". The table only 
includes assets that are associated with activities that could potentially have an impact on the biodiversity sensitive 
areas. Operations associated with activities that have a very low likelihood of impacting biodiversity sensitive areas 
are excluded from the list. Of the named assets, the bauxite mine in Paragominas is the only asset that is certain to 
have an impact on a biodiversity sensitive area as it overlaps with a Key Biodiversity Area called Rio Capim.
The second table summarizes Hydro's hydropower operations that are located in or near biodiversity sensitive areas, 
as defined by the ESRS (i.e. Legally Protected Areas, Key Biodiversity Areas and UNESCO World Heritage Sites). 
Proximity to biodiversity sensitive areas is defined as the number of sensitive areas that intersect with the defined 
area of influence of the individual hydropower operations. Having proximity to these biodiversity sensitive areas does 
not mean that these operations have a negative impact on the biodiversity values for which these designations were 
assigned and, in many of these instances, the operations on the site pre-date the establishment of the formal 
designation of the biodiversity sensitive area. 
The third table summarizes significant renewable energy facilities with which Hydro has a power purchase 
agreement, reported according to the same principles as the table for Hydro's hydropower operations.
Reference: GRI Standards 304-1 (2016); ESRS E4-1, SBM-3, IRO-1.
Hydro’s aluminium operations in proximity to biodiversity sensitive areas
Asset name Country Business Area
Primary 
activity 
Ownership 
equity (%)
Proximity 
used (km) Area (km²)
Legally 
protected 
areas
Key 
biodiversity 
areas
Unesco 
WHS
Paragominas Brazil Bauxite & Alumina Mine  100  30  187.53  1  1  0 
Alunorte Brazil Bauxite & Alumina Refinery  62  20  45.28  2  1  0 
Albras Brazil Aluminium Metal Smelter  51  20  1.88  2  1  0 
Årdal Norway Aluminium Metal Smelter  100  20  0.33  6  0  0 
Høyanger Norway Aluminium Metal Smelter  100  20  0.14  8  0  0 
Husnes Norway Aluminium Metal Smelter  100  20  0.36  39  0  0 
Karmøy Norway Aluminium Metal Smelter  100  20  2.26  24  0  0 
Slovalco Slovakia Aluminium Metal Smelter  55  20  0.64  67  0  0 
Sunndal Norway Aluminium Metal Smelter  100  20  0.70  16  1  0 
Atessa Italy Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.07  10  1  0 
Avintes Portugal Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.02  3  0  0 
Delhi USA Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.20  9  0  0 
Drunen Netherlands Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.11  9  2  0 
Feltre Italy Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.07  16  3  1 
Ghlin Belgium Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.26  22  1  0 
Itu Brazil Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.09  2  0  0 
Ludenscheid Germany Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.11  78  0  0 
Monett USA Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.09  1  0  0 
Navarra Spain Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.08  9  1  0 
Phoenix USA Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.04  0  1  0 
Puget France Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.05  11  1  0 
Spanish Fork USA Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.11  7  0  0 
St Augustine USA Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.63  6  0  0 
The Dalles USA Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.10  7  0  0 
Tibshelf UK Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.04  31  1  0 
Toronto Canada Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.01  2  0  0 
Utinga Brazil Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.08  4  0  0 
Vetlanda Sweden Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.16  33  0  0 
Yankton USA Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.09  10  1  0 
Azuqueca Spain Metal Markets Recycling  100  10  0.09  4  1  0 
Cassopolis USA Metal Markets Recycling  100  10  0.40  4  0  0 
Clervaux Luxembourg Metal Markets Recycling  100  10  0.05  51  6  0 
Gorcyze Poland Metal Markets Recycling  100  10  0.06  10  4  0 
Henderson USA Metal Markets Recycling  100  10  0.07  4  0  0 
Kety Poland Metal Markets Recycling  100  10  0.04  5  1  0 
Komaron Hungary Metal Markets Recycling  100  10  0.11  25  3  0 
Luce France Metal Markets Recycling  100  10  0.09  1  0  0 
Nowa Sol Poland Metal Markets Recycling  100  10  0.11  9  1  0 
Rackwitz Germany Metal Markets Recycling  100  10  0.08  19  2  0 
Wrexham UK Metal Markets Recycling  100  10  0.05  19  0  0 
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 251

[page 252]
Hydro’s hydropower operations in proximity to biodiversity sensitive areas
Asset name
Legally 
protected areas
Area overlap with 
legally protected 
areas (hectare)
Key Biodiversity 
Areas (KBAs)
Area overlap with 
KBAs (hectare) UNESCO WHS
RSK  5  9 114  0  0  0 
Fortun  5  6 880  0  0  0 
Tyin and Holsbru  4  13 232  0  0  0 
Stavanger  6  11 478  0  0  0 
Telemark  10  1 815  1  867  0 
Vigelandfoss  4  461  0  0  0 
Wind and solar operations in proximity to biodiversity sensitive areas 
Asset name
 Legally 
protected areas 
Area overlap with 
legally protected 
areas (hectare)
Key Biodiversity 
Areas (KBAs) UNESCO WHS
Stor-Skalsjön  30  0  0  0 
Ventos de São Zacarias  1  788  0  0 
Mendubim  0  0  0  0 
Boa Sorte  2  0  0  0 
Vista Alegre  0  0  0  0 
E4.6 Threatened species within Hydro’s area of influence
Reporting principles
 
The first table summarizes Hydro controlled assets in the aluminium value chain that have a significant overlap, per 
thresholds defined in IFC’s guidance to their Performance Standards on Environmental and Social Sustainability, with 
threatened and/or endemic species ranges, according to the IUCN Global Red List database. Endemic species and 
threatened species are not mutually exclusive, and the numbers cannot be summed across the columns. The 
numbers presented include both flora and fauna species. The data is not based on direct observation of the species 
at the assets listed, but on the potential species extent provided by IUCN. 
The second table is specific to Hydro’s bauxite mine at Paragominas, Brazil. Threatened species within the influence 
area of Hydro’s mining activities are classified using the federal database updated by ICMBio researchers, the 
regional database maintained by SEMAS, and the global IUCN Red List database. The conservation status of species 
registered in the reference databases can change. As a result, the species list is updated and species can be added, 
removed and/or moved from one status to another. Reported species are cumulative and represent all species 
observed within the premises of Hydro’s mining activities in Paragominas, Brazil since 2011. Some species included 
in the mining activities overview are covered by more than one database and the numbers cannot be summed across 
the columns. In addition, each database is stand alone and they are not comparable.
The third table presents threatened species in relation to hydropower operations and summarizes the number of 
threatened species according to Norwegian red list of threatened species that have been observed to occur within the 
established area of influence for Hydro's hydropower operations, based on secondary data available in Norway's 
database for red list species.
The fourth table summarizes significant renewable energy facilities with which Hydro has a power purchase 
agreement, reported according to the same principles as the table for Hydro's hydropower operations.
Reference: GRI Standards 304-2 and 304-4 (2016).
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 252

[page 253]
Wholly-owned and/or operated aluminium value chain activities operations with significant overlap with 
threatened and/or endemic species ranges, according to the IUCN Global Red List
Asset name Country Business Area
Primary 
activity
Ownership 
equity (%)
Proximity 
used (km) Area (km²)
# of 
threatened 
species
# of 
endemic 
species
# of unique 
priority 
species
Alunorte Brazil
Bauxite & 
Alumina Refinery  62  20  45.28 1 5 6
Albras Brazil
Aluminium 
Metal Smelter  51  20  1.88 0 4 4
Slovalco Slovakia
Aluminium 
Metal Smelter  55  20  0.64 2 2 2
Aielli Italy Extrusions Extrusion  100  5  0.12 1 1 1
Avintes Portugal Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.02 2 1 2
Drunen Netherlands Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.11 1 0 1
Feltre Italy Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.07 2 0 2
Ghlin Belgium Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.26 1 0 1
Ludenscheid Germany Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.11 1 0 1
Navarra Spain Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.08 1 2 3
Phoenix USA Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.04 1 1 1
Puget France Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.05 3 1 4
Spanish Fork USA Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.11 1 0 1
The Dalles USA Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.10 1 0 1
Tibshelf UK Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.04 1 0 1
Utinga Brazil Extrusions Recycling  100  10  0.08 7 5 7
Azuqueca Spain Metal Markets Recycling  100  10  0.09 1 1 2
Clervaux Luxembourg Metal Markets Recycling  100  10  0.05 1 0 1
Komaron Hungary Metal Markets Recycling 100 10  0.11 1 0 1
Luce France Metal Markets Recycling 100 10  0.09 1 0 1
Wrexham UK Metal Markets Recycling  100  10  0.05 2 1 2
Threatened species registered within the area of Hydro's mining activities (Paragominas) 1)
National/federal list²⁾ Regional/state list³⁾ IUCN Red list⁴⁾
Conservation status Fauna Flora Fauna Flora Fauna Flora
Critically endangered  4  0  2  0  1  2 
Endangered  7  6  12  1  3  7 
Vulnerable  26  12  11  13  18  11 
Total according to each red list 37 18 25 14 22 20
1 Some species included in the overview are covered by more than one database and the numbers can therefore not be summed across the 
columns. In addition, each database is stand alone and they are therefore not comparable.
2 Federal Brazilian red list.
3 Pará state red list.
4 International Union for Conservation of Nature red list.
Threatened species in relation to hydropower operations
Asset name
# of vulnerable 
species
# of endangered 
species
# of critically 
endangered 
species
RSK  22  11  1 
Fortun  57  20  3 
Tyin and Holsbru  26  11  1 
Stavanger  124  66  10 
Telemark  59  22  4 
Vigelandsfoss  94  46  7 
Species data are based on findings and registered data in Norwegian databases. Species findings have been limited to 50 
years back in time. The data is aggregated per power location, therefore duplicates per power location are removed. 
However, duplicates may occur between power plant sites. Species data are reported as species potentially impacted but 
based on findings within the “indirect area influenced.” This can be considered a very conservative estimate. The red-
listed species reported are based on the Norwegian red-list, which is aligned with the IUCN red-list, however, some 
species might have a different designation in the Norwegian list (VU, NT, EN, CE). 
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 253

[page 254]
Other renewable energy activities operations with significant overlap with threatened and/or endemic species 
ranges, according to the IUCN Global Red List
Asset name Country Primary activity
# endangered 
species
# critically 
endangered 
species
# vulnerable 
species
Boa Sorte Brazil Solar power 10 1 31
Mendubim Brazil Solar power 1 0 14
Stor-Skalsjön Sweden Solar power  6  3  46 
Tonstad Norway Wind power  16  5  36 
Ventos de São Zacarias Brazil Wind power  2  -  17 
Vista Alegre Brazil Wind power  7  3  22 
E4.7 Nature accounting for Illvatn pumped storage
Reporting principles
Illvatn Pumped Storage power plant is an upgrade to the existing Fortun hydropower system that will allow Hydro to 
balance energy production and contribute additional power to the system. The project will create a tunnel from 
Fivlemyrane reservoir to Illvatn reservoir. The project area is characterized by several different natural and modified 
habitat types. Construction of the project began in Q4 2025.
This project is piloting the project-based nature accounting method
 developed by the Norwegian organization 
Fornybar Norge and experience from the project will be used to develop the method further. As this approach is still in 
development, assumptions, metrics and actions presented here may also evolve.
Hydro has established a 2025 baseline condition of priority nature areas within the project’s footprint, classified 
according to the Norwegian “Natur i Norge” system, and estimated the extent of impacts expected from the 
construction of the project. To calculate anticipated nature losses and gains, the project has established a system of 
“nature points”, which considers the extent of an area and its nature value. This allows for a quantifiable baseline and 
the possibility to compare nature losses and gains across time and space. Actual losses within the project will be 
reported when they occur.
A number of actions to mitigate the project-related impacts to nature have been identified and are now being 
evaluated to estimate their potential contribution to nature gains within the accounting framework. This element will 
mature overtime and will be updated when the methodology is finalized.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 254

[page 255]
Nature type Extent (m²) Habitat quality ¹ Habitat significance ²
Estimated losses 
(nature points)
Snow-bed, in rocky outcrops  2 143 High Near-threatened  12 
Low- and intermediate-calcareous mountain heath, 
sheltered slope and tundra  34 948 High Near-threatened  308 
Low- and intermediate-calcareous snow-bed  30 460 Very high Vulnerable  236 
Low- and intermediate-calcareous ridge  61 054 Very high Near-threatened  217 
Snow-bed, in boulder field  35 989 High Near-threatened  78 
Wet snow-bed and snow-bed with natural spring  8 368 Very high Vulnerable  64 
Other nature types  4 895 No value No value  116 
Total Impact  177 857  1 031 
1 Habitat quality presented is based on the highest quality for that habitat type, within the project area. Sections of the defined areas within each 
habitat type can be lower quality.
2 Based on Norwegian Redlist from 2018.
E5.1 Resource inflows
Reporting principles 
The resource inflows table presents the key raw materials used in the alumina refining process (bauxite, lime, sodium 
hydroxide, sulphuric acid, thickener), and the electrolysis process for primary and recycled aluminium production and 
casting (alumina, aluminium, aluminium fluoride, alloying metals as well as petroleum coke and pitch for carbon 
anode production) in Hydro’s controlled entities.
Virgin material inflows are calculated based on the reported resource use in the business areas. Aluminium inflows 
include cold metal bought by Aluminium Metal and Hydro Extrusions. 
Aluminium scrap inflows are reported based on the amount of pre- and post-consumer aluminium scrap used in 
Recycling and Extrusions’ remelters. Hydro uses a definition for recycling agreed on by the European Aluminium 
Association. The definition was implemented in Hydro in 2013 and divides recycled scrap in two categories: process 
scrap, which includes pre-consumer scrap from downstream casthouses, and post-consumer scrap purchased from 
third parties for recycling into extrusion ingot. 
Reference: GRI Standards 301-1 and 301-2 (2016); ESRS E5-4.
Resource use per material
1 000 metric tonnes 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Virgin material inflows
Bauxite 13 193 13 025 13 334 15 356 13 390
Alumina 2 993 2 909 2 897 3 122 3 346
Aluminium 4 051 4 001 3 939 3 927 4 103
Aluminium fluoride  30  29  29  28  32 
Alloying metals  58  54  54  46  50 
Lime  48  44  42  42  45 
Sodium hydroxide  627  638  673  615  591 
Sulphuric acid  17  16  16  19  22 
Thickener  5  6  6  6  6 
Petroleum coke  395  389  377  412  441 
Pitch  85  84  79  81  93 
Aluminium scrap inflows
Post-consumer scrap  496  451 444¹⁾  321  335 
Pre-consumer scrap  1 021  771  812  963  1 018 
Total aluminium scrap  1 516  1 222  1 256  1 285  1 353 
1 2023 data includes full year post-consumer scrap data for the recyclers that were acquired from Alumetal in 2023.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 255

[page 256]
E5.2 Resource outflows – Products
Reporting principles 
Products include production and sales volumes from Hydro’s controlled entities. 
Bauxite production is calculated based on produced bauxite at Hydro’s mine in Paragominas, Brazil. 
Alumina production is based on production volumes at Hydro’s alumina refinery, Alunorte, in Brazil. 
Primary aluminium production is calculated based on casthouse products produced in Hydro’s primary aluminium 
plants. The volumes include production based on inputs from Hydro’s own primary aluminium production, purchased 
cold metal and alloying metals, and aluminium scrap inflows at casthouses in Hydro’s primary aluminium plants. 
These volumes are not directly comparable to the volumes reported in the financial statements, which is based on 
sold volumes. 
Recycling casthouse production is casthouse products produced in Hydro’s recyclers in the Metal Markets business 
area and total volumes produced in Hydro’s casthouses at remelters in the Extrusions business area. The volumes 
include production based on aluminium scrap inflows, as well as cold metal and alloying metals. Recycled pre and 
post-consumer scrap account for more than 80 percent of the reported production. 
Hydro REDUXA is calculated based on sales volumes for Hydro’s low-carbon aluminium, REDUXA. By using 
renewable energy sources like hydro and wind power during production, Hydro has reduced the carbon footprint per 
kg of aluminium to just 4.0 kg (about a quarter of the global average). 
Hydro CIRCAL is calculated based on sales volumes for its range of aluminium products made with a minimum of 75 
percent recycled, post-consumer aluminium scrap, CIRCAL. By using recycled post consumer scrap, Hydro reduces 
energy use and its CO2 footprint in the production phase, while still offering high quality aluminium. 
Extruded products is calculated based on production of extruded products from the extrusions business area, 
including pole products, welded tubes and other aluminium components, but excluding output from casting of 
extrusion ingot production in the Extrusions business area.
Reference: ESRS E5-5.
Production volumes
thousand tonnes 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Bauxite production  10 496  10 506  10 897  11 012  10 926 
Alumina production  5 458  5 359  5 626  5 586  5 894 
Primary aluminium production  1 556  1 527  1 536  1 636  1 688 
    Hydro REDUXA  470  418  349  421 
Recycling casthouse production  1 895  1 751  1 787  1 664 
    Hydro CIRCAL  58  57  51  50 
Extruded products  1 013  1 024 1116¹⁾  1 670  1 687 
E5.3 Resource outflows –Non-mineral waste
Reporting principles 
Waste generated by Hydro’s controlled entities, reported by composition, hazardous category and treatment 
operation. 
Waste is measured and reported according to a harmonized categorization within Hydro, based on the common 
names of key waste streams relevant to its operations (e.g. bauxite residue, SPL, waste caustic soda). This facilitates 
aggregation of data at a group level and avoids the use of multiple waste codes for the same waste category. 
Operations maintain more detailed waste registries that align with local requirements and legislation. Note that a lack 
of standardized methodologies for classifying, measuring and reporting waste across jurisdictions, industries and 
waste handling operations is a significant source of measurement uncertainty. Changing methodologies over time 
also creates challenges in comparing consolidated waste data from one year to another. 
Waste treatment operations can occur both onsite and offsite treatment. In many cases, waste is managed by third 
parties, which are required to adhere to the Hydro Supplier Code of Conduct
. All Hydro locations are required to 
ensure safe transport of hazardous waste in accordance with global and local regulations, and evaluate critical waste 
receivers and include these in a supplier development system. 
Reference: GRI Standards 306-3, 306-4 and 306-5 (2020); ESRS E5-5.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 256

[page 257]
Waste directed to disposal, by disposal operation
thousand tonnes Onsite (2025) Offsite (2025) 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Hazardous waste
Incineration with energy recovery  0.0  9.8  9.8  11.0  9.7  17.0  16.3 
Incineration without energy recovery  0.0  0.3  0.3  0.6  0.7  1.9  1.8 
Landfilled  8.4  31.1  39.5  29.3  31.0  39.5  45.8 
Other disposal operation  0.0  4.5  4.6  2.9  3.2  2.3  2.3 
Total Hazardous waste  8.5  45.7  54.2  44.0  45.0  61.0  66.0 
Non-Hazardous waste 
Incineration with energy recovery  0.0  59.5  59.5  46.1  43.9  45.6  40.9 
Incineration without energy recovery  0.0  1.1  1.1  1.3  1.4  1.2  0.8 
Landfilled  59.1  21.8  80.9  103.7  77.8  87.6  70.5 
Other disposal operation  0.0  0.2  0.2  0.4  0.3  1.5  8.2 
Total Non-Hazardous waste  59.1  82.6  141.7  152.0  123.0  136.0  120.0 
Total  67.5  128.4  195.9  195.0  168.0  197.0  187.0 
Waste diverted from disposal, by recovery operation
thousand tonnes Onsite (2025) Offsite (2025) 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Hazardous waste
Preparation for reuse  0  6  7  6  2  4  2 
Recycling  49  125  174  148  161  147  155 
Other recovery operation  0  1  1  1 - - -
Total Hazardous waste  49  132  181  155  163  150  157 
Non-Hazardous waste
Preparation for reuse  0  2  2  1  5  5  2 
Recycling  139  241  380  365  380  353  369 
Other recovery operation  0  4  4 - - - -
Total Non-Hazardous waste  139  247  385  366  384  358  371 
Total  188  379  567  521  547  508  528 
E5.4 Resource outflows – Common waste outflow categories
Reporting principles 
Waste generated by Hydro’s controlled operations, reported by composition, and by waste category and treatment. 
Waste is measured and reported according to a harmonized categorization within Hydro, based on the common 
names of key waste streams relevant to our operations (e.g. bauxite residue, SPL, waste caustic soda). This 
facilitates aggregation of data at a group level and avoids the use of multiple waste codes for the same waste 
category. 
Reference: GRI Standards 306-3, 306-4 and 306-5 (2020); ESRS E5-5.
Non-mineral waste by composition
thousand tonnes
Waste diverted 
from disposal 
(2025)
Waste directed 
to disposal 
(2025) 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Anode butts  170  16  187  178  163  197  208 
Dross  144  0  144  126  131  87  94 
Fly & bottom ash  0  44  44  39  43  49  38 
SPL  15  16  31  27  41  71  73 
Spent caustic soda  22  1  23  24  26  33  34 
Other waste  214  119  333  323  311  268  268 
Total waste  567  196  762  717  715  705  715 
Total non-mineral waste increased in 2025 by ca. 45 000 tonnes. This was largely driven significant increases in anode 
butts and dross, linked to ramp-up of production at the Karmøy Technology Pilot and several remelters, respectively, as 
well as normal year-to-year variation in waste generation.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 257

[page 258]
Mineral waste (bauxite tailings and residue)
thousand tonnes¹⁾ 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Bauxite tailings (non-hazardous)  5 334  4 874  4 521  4 451  4 239 
Directed to disposal  782  865  1 125  1 509  4 239 
Diverted from disposal 4 552 4 010 3 396 2 943 0
Bauxite residue 5 566  5 554 5 571 5 303 5 384
Directed to disposal 5 530 5 531 5 571 5 303 5 384
Diverted from disposal 36 23 0 0 0
Total bauxite tailings and residue 10 900 10 428 10 092 9 754 9 623
1 On a dry basis
Total bauxite tailings increased in 2025 due to a lower recovery rate of bauxite from the beneficiation plant at our bauxite 
mine in Paragominas, Brazil, while total tailings directed to disposal has improved systematically as a result of Hydro’s 
tailings dry backfill method.
Net change in volume for tailings stored in Plateau Tailings Storage Facility
million m³ 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Tailings stored at the start of reporting year  3.04  3.66  5.22  6.00  3.73 
Tailings deposited during reporting year  4.74  4.18  3.54  3.07  3.67 
Tailings excavated for tailings dry backfill 
during reporting year  4.79  4.80  5.10  3.84  1.40 
Tailings stored at the end of reporting year  2.99  3.04  3.66  5.22  6.00 
Net change in tailings volume stored during 
reporting year  (0.05)  (0.62)  (1.56)  (0.78)  2.27 
This table shows the volume of tailings deposited and removed from the Plateau tailings storage facility (TSF) within the 
reporting year. Generated bauxite tailings, destined for dry backfill in the mine, are temporarily stored in the Plateau TSF 
until it is dry enough for returning to the mine.
E5.5 Overburden moved in Paragominas
Reporting principles
Total volume (in metric tons) of overburden moved in Hydro’s only mining operations, at Paragominas.
Hydro uses strip mining in Paragominas, a technique that avoids the formation of an overburden
stockpile. All overburden moved for mining purpose is used to reconstruct the topography of the strip
previously mined, prior to rehabilitation of the mined areas. Part of the overburden (laterite) can also be
used for paving roads. The sterile soil is untreated and has no dangerous properties. Leaching
potential due to overburden removal is negligible. There is a water resource management program in
place to mitigate silting from the plateau areas.
Overburden moved
million tonnes 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Overburden moved  82  82  87  82  79 
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 258

[page 259]
S1.1 Characteristics of Hydro’s employees
Reporting principles
Head count at year end, December 31, including both permanent and temporary employees. Gender data are based 
on the employees’ self-reporting; "not reported” comprises employees for which gender data is not available. Head 
count per country is based on which country the employees perform their work. Temporary employees include 
apprentices but exclude contractors. Employee turnover covers permanent employees only and includes resignations, 
retirements and manning reductions, but excludes closures and divestments. 
Hydro also engages a small number of non-employee workers and consultants that are not included in Hydro's 
employee data, but which are included in the health and safety statistics for contractors in note S1.3
. See also note 
9.2 to the financial statements on the reporting entity.
Reference: GRI 2-7 (2021); ESRS S1-6.
Number of employees (head count), by gender
Gender 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Male  25 336  25 724  26 901  26 805  26 781 
Female  8 062  8 073  7 589  7 126  6 282 
Other  0  0  0  0  0 
Not reported  2  1  4  0  0 
Total employees 33 400 33 798 34 494 33 931 33 063
 Number of employees (head count), by country
Country 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Brazil 7 100 7 059 6 915 6 827 6 643
Norway 4 438 4 858 4 683 4 485 4 245
USA 5 536 5 606 5 993 6 164 5 932
Other 16 326 16 275 16 903 16 455 16 243
Total employees 33 400 33 798 34 494 33 931 33 063
Total number of employees declined in 2025 as a result of the strategic workforce adjustment undertaken in 2025.  
Number of full time, part-time, permanent and temporary employees (head count), by gender
Head count, 2025 Female Male Other Not reported Total
Number of employees  8 062  25 336 0 2  33 400 
Number of permanent employees  7 173  24 443 0 2  31 618 
Number of temporary employees  889  893 0 0  1 782 
Number of non-guaranteed hour employees  0  0 0 0  0 
Number of full-time employees  7 438  24 731 0 2  32 171 
Number of part-time employees  624  605 0 0  1 229 
Number of full time, part-time, permanent and temporary employees (head count), by country
Head count, 2025 Brazil Norway USA Other Total
Number of employees  7 100  4 438  5 536  16 326  33 400 
Number of permanent employees  6 576  3 703  5 521  15 818  31 618 
Number of temporary employees  524  735  15  508  1 782 
Number of non-guaranteed hour employees  0  0  0  0  0 
Number of full-time employees  7 062  3 935  5 521  15 653  32 171 
Number of part-time employees  38  503  15  673  1 229 
New hires, leavers, and employee turnover
Head count, 2025 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Total new hires  3 506 
Total employees who left 4 860 4 141 5 088 5 934 4 573
Rate of employee turnover  15 %  13 %  15 %  17 %  14 %
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 259

[page 260]
S1.2 Diversity, inclusion and belonging
Reporting principles 
Data on gender distribution in the Board of Directors and the Executive Leadership Team are counted manually at 
year end. Data on gender distribution at management levels 0-3 and data on employee age distribution are retrieved 
from Hydro’s human resources SAP system. Data on employees’ inclusion, engagement, psychosocial well-being and 
integrity culture are based on Hydro’s biennial employee engagement survey, Hydro Monitor. 
Reference: GRI 2-7 (2021), 405-1 (2016); ESRS S1-9.
Employees’ gender distribution
Number of employees Percentage of total
Gender distribution 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Board of Directors, women¹⁾  5  4  4  4  4  45 %  36 %  36 %  36 %  40 %
Board of Directors, men  6  7  7  7  6  55 %  64 %  64 %  64 %  60 %
Executive Leadership Team, 
women  5  5  4  4  4  56 %  56 %  40 %  40 %  44 %
Executive Leadership Team, men  4  4  6  6  5  44 %  44 %  60 %  60 %  56 %
Women at management levels 0-2  30  29  38 %  35 %  37 %  37 %  35 %
Woman at management levels 0-3  172  179  39 %  38 %  36 %  35 %  36 %
1 With three women among the seven shareholder-elected members and two women among the four employee representatives on the Board of 
Directors, Hydro complies with the Norwegian legal requirements on female representation. 
Hydro also monitors gender distribution across additional staffing categories. Hydro has a target of 25 percent women in 
leadership roles by 2030 and a target of 40 percent women i leader and specialist roles by 2030. See Own workforce 
chapter for more information.
Employees’ age distribution
Share of total employees 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Under 30  17 %  17 %  14 %  14 %  12 %
30-49  51 %  51 %  53 %  53 %  53 %
50 +  32 %  32 %  33 %  33 %  35 %
Hydro Monitor statistics
2024 2022 2020
Inclusion Index (II)  75 %  76 %
  Women  76 %  75 %
  Men  75 %  76 %
Employee Engagement Index (EEI)  74 %  76 %  72 %
  Women  75 %  76 %  70 %
  Men  74 %  76 %  72 %
Psycosocial Risk Index (PRI)  76 %  76 %  75 %
  Women  76 %  75 %  73 %
  Men  76 %  76 %  75 %
Integrity Culture Index (ICI)  77 %  78 %  76 %
  Women  78 %  78 %  75 %
  Men  77 %  78 %  76 %
Hydro Monitor is performed biennially and the Inclusion Index was introduced in 2022.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 260

[page 261]
S1.3 Health and safety
Reporting principles 
Health and safety data are prepared and reported to management on a monthly basis, based on data registered in 
Synergi and IMS, the reporting tools for health, safety, security and environmental incidents. The data covers 
employees and contractors at all units within Hydro, including sales offices and administrative functions. 
Employees are workers under direct supervision of Hydro. For the purpose of recording health and safety statistics, 
employees include agency workers. Health and safety statistics for employees are included for the period they are 
employed by or otherwise in service for Hydro. 
Contractors are workers who are under contract to execute work for Hydro, who are under the direct supervision of 
the contractor and operate at Hydro premises under Hydro’s indirect supervision. Contractors are included during the 
period they are employed by or otherwise in service for Hydro. 
Total recordable injuries (TRI) is calculated as the sum of lost time injuries (LTI) + restricted work cases (RWC) + 
medical treatment cases (MTC). LTI is a personal injury at work leading to unfitness for work and absence beyond the 
day of the accident. RWC is a personal injury at work that does not lead to absence beyond the day of the accident, 
because of alternative job assignment. MTC is treatment, other than first aid, administered by a physician or 
registered professional personnel under the standing orders of a physician. High risk incidents (HRI) include major 
accidents and incidents with major potential. TRI, LTI and HRI rates are calculated based on TRI, LTI and HRI per 
one million hours worked. 
Fatal accidents comprise all fatalities resulting from a work-related incident. Occupational illness rate is calculated as 
incidents of occupational ill health per million working hours. Actual occupational illnesses are defined by Hydro as 
either illnesses that have been confirmed by relevant authorities/insurance companies or doctors (depending on the 
national system); or that have led to any kind of permanent disability, disablement pension, loss of function and/or are 
a listed occupational disease. Occupational illness rate is calculated based on cases per million working hours. Sick 
leave includes all absence due to illness, measured as number of days lost due to sick leave as a percentage of 
possible working days excluding holidays. Sick leave is recorded based on local definitions which may differ between 
countries. 
Reference: GRI Standards 403-9, 403-10 (2018); ESRS S1-14.
Health and safety statistics
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Total recordable injuries (TRI)  162  195  237  227  299 
 Employees  122  130  174  186  254 
 Contractors  40  65  63  41  45 
Total recordable injuries (TRI) rate  1.8  2.0  2.4  2.4  3.3 
 Employees  2.0  2.1  2.8  3.0  3.9 
 Contractors  1.2  1.7  1.8  1.3  1.8 
Lost-time injuries (LTI)  82  109  128  115  156 
 Employees  61  74  95  90  126 
 Contractors  21  35  33  25  30 
Lost-time injuries (LTI) rate  0.9  1.1  1.3  1.2  1.7 
 Employees  1.0  1.2  1.5  1.4  2.0 
 Contractors  0.6  0.9  0.9  0.8  1.2 
Total number of fatal accidents 0  1  1 0 0
 Employees 0 0 0 0 0
 Contractors 0 1 1 0 0
High risk incidents  42  75  67  75  122 
HRI rate  0.5  0.8  0.7  0.8  1.4 
Occupational illness rate and sick leave
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Occupational illness cases  10  17  12  20 
Occupational illness rate  0.2  0.3  0.2  0.3  0.3 
Sick leave, percent (global total)  3.3 %  3.3 %  3.5 %  4.1 %  3.8 %
Sick leave, percent (Norwegian employees)  4.5 %  4.4 %  4.5 %  4.7 %  4.9 %
Norwegian female employees  6.1 %  5.2 %  5.2 %  5.5 %  6.5 %
Norwegian male employees  3.9 %  4.1 %  4.3 %  4.4 %  4.5 %
Minor adjustments made to occupational illness cases and illness rate for 2024, compared to what was reported in the 
2024 annual report.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 261

[page 262]
S1.4 Training and development
Reporting principles 
Training and development statistics is based on training that is completed and registered by Hydro employees in our 
human resources systems. The reliance on self-reporting of certain training modules can lead to incomplete data. 
Training, education and career development activities that are not registered by the individual employee, as well as 
on-the-job training activities, are not captured by the reported metrics. Instructor-led courses that are conducted 
locally are not always registered and thus not included in the reported metrics.
Number of courses is reported based on training modules completed; one employee may complete several e-learning 
modules related to the same topic and/or participate in both classroom training and e-learning courses on the same 
topic. Training hours per employee is based on the number of employees reported in Note S1.1
.  
The metrics include both mandatory and voluntary training. See also Note G1.3 on compliance-related training, 
specifically.
Reference: ESRS S1-13.
Training statistics
Training and development 2025 2024 2023 2022
Training hours completed by Hydro employees 359 396 223 798 262 647 217 958
Courses completed 198 014 154 315 15 323 16 680
   of which, male participants  76 %  69 %  73 %
   of which, female participants  24 %  31 %  27 %
Avg. training hours per employee  10.8  6.6  8.2  6.8 
   Avg. training hours per male employee  10.8  6.4  8.0  7.1 
   Avg. training hours per female employee  10.7  7.4  8.7  5.7 
S1.5 Collective bargaining and social dialogue
Reporting principles 
Data on collective bargaining and social dialogue is based on local HR records. An estimated 69 percent of the global 
workforce is covered by collective agreements, but the records may be incomplete in certain countries due to the 
sensitive nature of information about individual employment terms and participation in labor unions. The reported data 
below includes all employees in countries of significant employment, presented using the templates introduced by 
ESRS S1-8.
Reference: ESRS S1-8.
Collective bargaining and social dialogue
Collective bargaining coverage Social dialogue
Coverage rate Employees (EEA) Employees (non-EEA) Workplace representation (EEA)
0-19%
20-39%
40-59% North America (Canada, 
Mexico, USA)
60-79%
80-100% Norway South America (Brazil) Norway
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 262

[page 263]
S1.6 Gender and compensation in Norway
Reporting principles 
Data on gender pay gaps are based on local payroll systems in Norway, and the average salary per gender per job 
level is calculated based on actual paid-out amounts. The gender and compensation statistics reported in this note 
are based on requirements in the Norwegian Equality and Anti-Discrimination Act and are calculated based on the 
salary paid to each employee over a 12-month period. The basis for this note is therefore different from the basis for 
calculating salary gaps for all employees, which is reported in the Own Workforce chapters and which is calculated 
based on the nominal salary for all employees at year-end.
The number of employees per gender per job level is based on the number of employees who received a salary over 
a 12-month period.
Hydro analyzes pay by accounting for multiple factors, including job level. Job levels 2 to 3 typically cover operator 
roles, levels 4 and 5 jobs typically require higher education, e.g., bachelor or master’s degree with typically 1–5 years 
of experience. Levels 6 and 7 are jobs that require extensive experience in their area of expertise, and levels 8 and 9 
cover the most senior specialist and management positions.
In 2025, we calibrated Job Levels, so unlike previous years, there are no permanent employees in job level 1. 
Furthermore, expats are excluded from this statistic.
Reference: GRI Standards 405-2 (2016).
Gender proportion and salary statistics
Gender proportion 2025 Women's salary compared to men's
Job level Women share Men share Headcount Annual salary
Total 
compensation
Level 2  21 %  79 %  1 542  99 %  95 %
Level 3  9 %  91 %  538  99 %  91 %
Level 4-5  35 %  65 %  1 028  98 %  93 %
Level 6-7  31 %  69 % 686  100 %  98 %
Level 8-9  36 %  64 % 148  101 %  101 %
Total  25 %  75 %  3 942  109 %  104 %
S1.7 Diversity in management
Reporting principles 
Diversity data for the Board of Directors and Executive Leadership Team (ELT) for Hydro are counted per year end. 
Diversity in management is reported for levels 0, 1, 2 and 3. Level 0 refers to the CEO, level 1 refers to (ELT), level 2 
refers to persons reporting to ELT, and level 3 refers to persons that report to level 2. 
Reference: GRI Standards 405-1 (2016).
Gender distribution 
Number of employees Percentage of total
Gender distribution 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Board of Directors, women¹⁾  5  4  4  4  4  45 %  36 %  36 %  36 %  40 %
Board of Directors, men  6  7  7  7  6  55 %  64 %  64 %  64 %  60 %
Executive Leadership Team, women  5  5  4  4  4  56 %  56 %  40 %  40 %  44 %
Executive Leadership Team, men  4  4  6  6  5  44 %  44 %  60 %  60 %  56 %
Women at management levels 0-2  30  29  38 %  35 %  37 %  37 %  35 %
Woman at management levels 0-3  172  179  39 %  38 %  36 %  35 %  36 %
1 With three women among the seven shareholder-elected members and two women among the four employee representatives on the Board of 
Directors, Hydro complies with the Norwegian legal requirements on female representation.
Non-Norwegians in management
Number of persons Percentage of total
Non-Norwegians in management 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Board of Directors, women  2  2  2  2  1  18 %  18 %  18 %  18 %  10 %
Board of Directors, men  1  2  2  2  2  9 %  18 %  18 %  18 %  20 %
Executive Leadership Team, women  0  0  0  0  1  0 %  0 %  0 %  0 %  10 %
Executive Leadership Team, men  1  1  1  1  1  11 %  11 %  10 %  10 %  10 %
Management, levels 0-2  25  27  31 %  32 %  29 %  29 %  34 %
Management, levels 0-3  198  212  45 %  45 %  44 %  44 %  41 %
Hydro also monitors gender distribution across additional staffing categories. Hydro has a target of 25 percent women in 
leadership roles by 2030 and a target of 40 percent women i leader and specialist roles by 2030. See Own workforce 
chapter for more information.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 263

[page 264]
S1.8 Local representation
Reporting principles 
Local representation in senior management for significant sites of operation in Norway and Brazil. 
Senior management is defined as the management group at each site (site managers and those reporting to them) in 
addition to business area management teams. 
Local is defined at country level for Norway and at state level for Brazil. 
Reference: GRI standards 202-2 (2016)
Share of senior management hired from local community
percent 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Norway
  Production sites in Norway  95 %  98 %  100 %  94 %  88 %
  Aluminium Metal management team  55 %  88 %  91 %  80 %  80 %
  Extrusions management team  33 %  29 %  50 %  43 %  14 %
Brazil
  Paragominas, Pará  15 %  15 %  14 %  0 %  15 %
  Barcarena, Pará  30 %  27 %  25 %  9 %  17 %
  Bauxite & Alumina management team  0 %  0 %  0 %  9 %  0 %
S1.9 Diversity and inclusion for Norwegian subsidiaries
Reporting principles 
Reporting for Hydro’s controlled subsidiaries that are subject to the requirements in the Norwegian Equality and 
discrimination act.
For a description of our approach and work related to diversity and inclusion in Hydro, the activities being undertaken 
to identify and analyze risk of discrimination, see Our people strategy and the section on Disclosures pursuant to the 
Norwegian Equality and Anti-Discrimination Act. 
We report on pay equality and involuntary part-time every two years, in accordance with the Norwegian Equality and 
Anti-Discrimination Act. Data in the summary statistics are updated for 2025. 
Employees are normally employed full-time, but can apply for working part-time. The opportunity to work part time is 
considered a benefit for which a special application must be made. Hydro has reviewed if there were any cases of 
involuntary part-time work in the Norwegian subsidiaries. The review confirmed that all employees working part time 
had applied for reduced working hours. 
Hydro has a global parental leave policy for all employees. The global parental leave policy set a minimum standard, 
which gives 4 months fully paid leave for primary caregiver and one month fully paid leave for secondary caregiver. 
However, where local standard already has a more beneficial scheme, this will supersede the global plan. Local 
deviation to the global plan can also be made if this is required by local law and/or regulations applicable in the 
jurisdiction. 
Hydro’s employee engagement survey tracks perceptions of healthy work-life balance and stress level as important 
indicators for a sustainable work environment.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 264

[page 265]
Hydro Monitor results for Norwegian subsidiaries 2024
Employee 
Engagement Index (EEI)
Psychosocial 
Risk Index (PRI)
Integrity Culture 
Index (ICI) Inclusion Index
All Hydro employees in Norway  73 %  74 %  74 %  72 %
 Women  78 %  75 %  78 %  75 %
 Men  71 %  73 %  73 %  71 %
Hydro Aluminium AS  70 %  71 %  71 %  69 %
 Women  74 %  73 %  74 %  72 %
 Men  70 %  71 %  70 %  68 %
Hycast AS  71 %  73 %  70 %  73 %
 Women  80 %  76 %  70 %  84 %
 Men  69 %  73 %  70 %  71 %
Sør-Norge Aluminium  67 %  68 %  68 %  65 %
 Women  67 %  69 %  68 %  65 %
 Men  66 %  67 %  67 %  65 %
Hydro Energi AS  84 %  82 %  86 %  85 %
 Women  90 %  81 %  87 %  86 %
 Men  82 %  82 %  86 %  84 %
Hydro Extruded Solutions AS  83 %  81 %  87 %  82 %
 Women  82 %  80 %  84 %  74 %
 Men  83 %  81 %  88 %  84 %
Hydro Extrusion Norway AS  71 %  80 %  77 %  75 %
 Women  70 %  73 %  68 %  68 %
 Men  71 %  82 %  80 %  77 %
Hydro Monitor is performed biennially, most recently in 2024.
Summary statistics 2025 - Norwegian entities
Number of employees 
Parental leave in 
weeks¹⁾
Permanent 
employees in 
part time
Temporary 
employees on 
part timePermanent Temporary
Norsk Hydro ASA  396  12  21  4  8 
 Women  54 %  75 %  25  75 %  75 %
 Men  46 %  25 %  13  25 %  25 %
Hydro Aluminium AS  2 661  690  16  26  442 
 Women  21 %  39 %  22  42 %  44 %
 Men  79 %  61 %  12  58 %  56 %
Hycast AS  69  1  13  0  0 
 Women  19 %  100 %  13  0 %  0 %
 Men  81 %  0 %  14  0 %  0 %
Hydro Energi AS  268  14  13  7  4 
 Women  24 %  36 %  15  43 %  25 %
 Men  76 %  64 %  12  57 %  75 %
Hydro Extruded Solutions AS  48  2  15  1  2 
 Women  23 %  100 %  25  0 %  100 %
 Men  77 %  0 %  4  100 %  0 %
Hydro Extrusion Norway AS  96  9  0  1  0 
 Women  20 %  33 %  0  100 %  0 %
 Men  80 %  67 %  0  0 %  0 %
1 Average number of weeks parental leave per employee who has taken parental leave in the reporting year.
The table has been updated compared to previous annual reports to present employees in Norsk Hydro ASA separately 
from total employees in Norway.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 265

[page 266]
S2.1 Supplier metrics
Reporting principles 
The data for the supplier metrics are retrieved from Hydro’ Spend Cube. Hydro’s Spend Cube is an internal analytics 
solution providing an overview of the company’s spend across all entities, irrespective of the local procurement 
system employed.
Total number of suppliers is based on vendor identity. A single supplier to Hydro may constitute multiple vendors if 
Hydro has purchased from multiple locations by the same supplier. Hydro estimates that the total number of unique 
suppliers is approximately 39,000. 
Local suppliers are defined as suppliers situated in the same country as the site making the purchase. Selection of 
local partners and suppliers/contractors shall be based on competitive bidding to the extent feasible, and in 
compliance with competition laws and regulations as well as Hydro’s requirements.
Supplier metrics
2025 2024 2023
Total number of suppliers  42 850  43 138  41 589 
Total spend on suppliers (NOK million)  159 401  157 078  142 833 
% spent on local suppliers  67 %  66 %  65 %
S2.2 Supplier due diligence
Reporting principles 
Data on supplier screenings is collected from each procurement team per business area or business unit. 
Suppliers screened is based on the number of screenings done using different screening tools, including Moody’s 
Grid integrity risk tool, the MK Denial sanctions screening tool, screenings using supplier self-assessment 
questionnaires, EcoVadis ESG screenings, and desktop assessments. The reported number is based on the total 
screenings performed using Moody’s Grid, which is the most frequently used screening tool. The total number of 
screenings conducted is higher, as a single supplier is often screened multiple times using different screening tools. 
Supplier audits is based on onsite audits conducted by either Hydro, or onsite audits conducted by a third party on 
behalf of Hydro. 
Reference: GRI Standards 308-2 (2016) and 414-2 (2016); ESRS S2-5.
Supplier due diligence
2025 2024 2023
Total suppliers screened  7 896  9 520  10 446 
Total number of medium and high sustainability risk suppliers¹⁾  4 597  3 294  1 095 
Supplier audits conducted  189  215  141 
Supplier audits that lead to a corrective action plan for the supplier  77  107  50 
Supplier contracts terminated due to sustainability risks  11  2  3 
1 Medium and high sustainability risk suppliers for 2025 and 2024, 2023 numbers only includes high sustainability risk suppliers.
The number of medium and high inherent sustainability risk suppliers in 2024 has been adjusted compared to the number 
reported in the 2024 annual report following a reclassification of certain suppliers’ risk rating. Supply chain due diligence 
metrics are likely to vary significantly over time as due diligence processes evolve with the development of expectations 
and industry best practice.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 266

[page 267]
S3.1 Community investments, donations, and sponsorships
Reporting principles 
Community investments include monetary amounts and time spent to benefit the company as well as the 
communities. Community investments relate to long-term strategic involvement in, and partnership with, community 
organizations to address a limited range of social issues chosen by Hydro to protect its long-term shareholder and 
stakeholder interests. 
Charitable donations include one-off or occasional support to good causes in response to the needs and appeals of 
charitable and community organizations, requests from employees or in reaction to external events such as 
emergency relief situations. 
Sponsorships include business related activities in the community to directly support the success of the company, 
promoting its corporate and brand identities and other policies, in partnership with charities and community-based 
organizations. 
TerPaz (local community centers) include Hydro’s contributions to public initiatives in the state of Pará, Brazil, 
focusing on the social development of the local communities. The initiatives include construction of social centers or 
peace houses that provide residents with access to services such as medical and legal services, training and 
professional courses. 
All Hydro sites report annually on community investments, charitable donations, sponsorships, and other related 
initiatives.
The values reported are based on the amounts spent associated with projects implemented in the reporting year, and 
are not directly comparable to the periodization of related costs in the financial statements. The numbers are not 
directly comparable to historical figures due to different practices in collecting the information.
Community investments, charitable donations and sponsorships paid during the year
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Community investments  127  75  48  50  30 
Charitable donations and Sponsorships  49  50  48  25  25 
TerPaz (local community centers)  338  175  27  179  - 
Total  514  300  123  254  55 
The increase in 2025 is driven by an increase in community investments in Brazil, and increased investments in TerPaz 
which includes the construction of local community centers.
Building on the partnership agreements signed with traditional communities in Brazil, Hydro advanced through the 
execution of studies, workshops, and the donation of farming supplies, deploying more than 26 MBRL, equivalent to 48 
MNOK in 2025. These initiatives aim to enable agroecological production programs to support traditional communities to 
build stronger economies while pursuing sustainable development.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 267

[page 268]
S3.2 Social responsibility target 
Reporting principles 
Education refers to initiatives within the formal educational system, from elementary school to university. Examples of 
initiatives include training of teachers and external scholarships. 
Capacity or competence building refers to all training and competence building outside formal educational systems. 
Examples include trainees and Hydro’s supplier development program established in Brazil. 
Hydro has developed a framework and methodology for counting people impacted by our programs and initiatives to 
ensure consistency in how we measure progress across the company. The methodology covers initiatives related to 
education and capacity building and can be accessed on Hydro.com
.
Social responsibility target
1,000 people reached
Accumulated 
since 2018 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Education and capacity 
building  312  71  44  40  25  21 
The increase in 2025 is in large part due to a single project with UNICEF that focuses on providing local teachers with 
further training and skills development in India.
All business areas are contributing in line with the original ambition setting of reaching 500,000 people with our education 
and capacity building programs.
G1.1 Non-compliance with business conduct standards
Reporting principles 
Non-compliance cases are normally reported to line management and/or supporting staff functions including Group 
Compliance, Group Internal Audit and Investigations, Human Resources, Legal, HSE, Finance and Accounting. Non-
compliances can also be reported through Hydro’s confidential reporting channel, the AlertLine. Every report made 
through the AlertLine is classified as a case, meaning that several cases could be related to the same issue. 
The number of dismissals due to breach of Hydro policy is based on cases reported directly or indirectly to Hydro’s 
Internal Audit.
Cases reported regarding breaches of Hydro policy
Number of cases 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Total cases reported through AlertLine (or 
similar)¹  764  703  651  433  273 
Alerts  440  404 
Non-Alerts  324  299 
Dismissals due to breaches of policy²⁾  9  18  8  17  5 
Alleged cases of discrimination and/or 
harassment  94  99  106  97  64 
Confirmed cases of discrimination and/or 
harassment  27  10  37  35  16 
Confirmed cases of harassment  25  7  19  25  12 
Confirmed cases of discrimination   2  3  18  10  4 
Alleged cases of corruption, fraud, and/or 
conflict of interest  44  39  36  22  26 
Confirmed cases of corruption, fraud, 
corruption and/or conflict of interest  5  19  2  5  3 
Confirmed cases of corruption  1  1  0  0  0 
Confirmed cases of fraud  1  4  0  2  2 
Confirmed cases of conflict of interest  3  14  2  3  1 
1 From 2024, we made a distinction between Alerts and so-called Non-Alerts, wherein the latter are minor complaints related to personal grievances, 
disputes over terms and conditions, individual preferences or professional disagreements.
2 Total number of dismissals due to breaches of Hydro policy of which Hydro's Internal Audit is informed.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 268

[page 269]
Since 2022, Hydro have had several awareness raising campaigns about AlertLine, which might be a reason for the 
significant increase in total number of cases reported in the following years.
In addition to the confirmed cases listed above, one confirmed case related to working time was identified through 
AlertLine in 2025. Most of the  confirmed cases of discrimination and harassment are isolated incidents and have not been 
considered as structural in nature. Hydro takes these issues very seriously and have addressed and put in place 
corrective actions for all confirmed cases. In addition to the cases listed above, one harassment case has been confirmed 
which has not been reported through AlertLine or similar. Disciplinary action has been taken in this case. Two of the 
reported discrimination and harassment cases are currently being assessed further, as part of the human rights due 
diligence process.
 In addition to this, we have received a limited number of cases through this mechanism that concern suppliers rather than 
our own operations. These relate to labour rights, discrimination and harassment. The alerts are being followed up as part 
of our human rights due diligence process. 
In addition to AlertLine, the grievance mechanism in Brazil Canal Direto registered 666 grievances via telephone, online 
form and email in 2025. 
92  percent of the registrations were identified and 8 percent anonymous. 90 percent were related to requests for 
information, and the most frequently registered topics were interest in becoming a supplier, job and career opportunities at 
Hydro, sponsorship, commercial matters and human resources.
No reported cases were filed with the National OECD contact point in 2025 related to of non-respect of the United Nations 
Guiding Principles (UNGPs), International Labor Organization (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at 
Work, or the OECD Guidelines.
G1.2 Non-compliance with laws and regulations
Reporting principles 
Significant non-compliance cases are defined as all material pending or threatened litigation and claims to which a 
Hydro controlled company is party. Instances of non-compliance with laws or regulations that have resulted in a fine 
of NOK 1 million or more being issued by a public authority, as well as relevant cases that could have a material 
reputational or financial impact, are reported in the annual report. 
Cases are reported by the compliance and legal functions in each business area. 
Total fines received are calculated based on the monetary value of fines issued in the reporting year. Fines issued in 
the reporting year may be paid in full or may be subject to further consideration by a court or other legal body.
Non-compliance with laws and regulations
2025 2024 2023¹⁾ 2022 2021
Number of significant non-compliances with 
laws and regulations
Number of non-compliance cases  0  0  3  0  2 
Number of fines received  0  0  2  0  2 
Non-monetary sanctions  0  0  1  0  0 
Total fines received in the reporting year for 
non-compliance with laws and regulations
Fines for non-compliance (NOK 1000)  0  0  4 178  0  0 
1 Hydro introduced a lower threshold for what is considered a significant non-compliance case for the annual report in 2023. See the 2023 annual 
report for more information.
Updates on previously reported legal cases
The remaining aspects of the previously reported case involving environmental compliance issues in Hydro’s casthouse in 
The Dalles, Oregon, US have been resolved. The company entered into a three-year Administrative Agreement with the 
US Environmental Protection Agency with respect to this matter. The company timely submitted its second annual report 
on September 30, 2025 and is in material compliance with its obligations under the Administrative Agreement.
In 2021, Cainquiama and nine Brazilian individuals filed a lawsuit with the Rotterdam District Court, in the Netherlands, 
against Hydro’s Dutch entities and Norsk Hydro ASA (Hydro) seeking compensation for alleged financial damages and 
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 269

[page 270]
personal injuries suffered as a result of Alunorte and Albras activities in the municipality of Barcarena, Brazil. On 
September 24, 2025, the Rotterdam Court dismissed the case both on legal and factual grounds. The case was appealed 
by the plaintiffs in December 2025.
In 2019, about 100 individuals from Abaetetuba and Barcarena in the State of Pará, Brazil, filed a lawsuit against Alunorte, 
related to the 2018 rainfall event
 and claims for compensation for alleged environmental damage. The Court has decided 
to stay 112 of 142 cases until a final decision under another collective lawsuit related to the 2018 event and the same facts 
and allegations is rendered. The remaining 30 cases are ongoing and pending a decision on the request to stay the cases 
by the lower Court. Other collective lawsuits were previously filed by Cainquiama and other associations in Brazil after the 
2018 rainfall event alleging pollution from Alunorte, Albras and Paragominas, as well as impact on the communities 
located in Barcarena and surroundings. All these lawsuits are pending a decision at the lower court level. 
In 2025, the so-called Conduct Adjustment Agreement (TAC), signed by Alunorte and Norsk Hydro Brasil, together with the 
State of Pará and the Federal and State Public Prosecutor's Office, was successfully closed. This agreement was 
established with the purpose of deepening the understanding of the events surrounding the 2018 rainfall event. The 
independent technical assessments conducted as part of the TAC confirmed, among others, that there was no overflow 
from the bauxite residue deposits. Furthermore, it was concluded that there was no environmental harm, and 
consequently no impact on human health, resulting from Alunorte's activities in February 2018. Additionally, these 
assessments also affirmed the safety of Alunorte's operations. 
In 2019, Cainquiama filed a lawsuit claiming compensation for alleged delay in the implementation of the fuel switch 
project at Alunorte. In a court decision issued by the Pará lower court in May 2024, the companies were ordered to pay 
BRL 50 million in moral damage. The defending companies do not agree with the decision as the fuel switch was timely 
implemented and have appealed the decision. The appeal is currently pending judgment at the Court of Appeal.
In 2017, Cainquiama filed a lawsuit claiming compensation from Alunorte and Albras in view of the constructions of part of 
DRS1 and DRS2 in an alleged Ecological Reserve area. The case is pending decision at the lower court level. 
Following an overflow of storm water from the bauxite residue deposits at Alunorte in 2009, more than 5,400 lawsuits 
related to the overflow were filed. All lawsuits were closed with favorable decisions to Alunorte. Besides these cases, there 
are two class actions filed by local associations under which unfavorable decisions were issued against Alunorte. The 
decisions understood that Alunorte was liable for damages and, therefore, compensation should be paid. One of the cases 
is pending a decision by the Court of Appeal and for the other case the Superior Court of Justice denied Alunorte’s appeal 
based on procedural rules. This case is pending an enforcement decision and in Alunorte’s view there are severe legal 
errors in the decision that must be addressed. In addition, a criminal lawsuit was also filed by the Federal Public 
Prosecutor Office (MPF) on this same event. In July 2024, the Federal lower Court understood that Alunorte was liable for 
alleged environmental damages and, therefore, should pay a penalty of BRL 100 million. Alunorte disagree with the 
decision and has appealed. The appeal is currently pending judgment at the Court of Appeal.  
G1.3 Compliance training
Reporting principles 
Compliance training includes e-learning courses and classroom training related to compliance and business conduct. 
Compliance training is reported based on training modules completed; one employee may complete several e-
learning modules related to the same topic and/or participate in both classroom training and e-learning courses on the 
same topic. 
See note S1.4
 for information on other mandatory and voluntary training in Hydro.
Compliance training
Completed training modules, by topic 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Anti-corruption 13 697 3 839 6 697 20 495 6 470
Code of Conduct 9 532 19 532 4 615 19 232 7 990
General integrity 514 1 075  1 509  994  317 
Competition 631 1 146  1 372  1 743  1 207 
Human rights 8 494 4 935  3 599  1 881  182 
Data privacy 7 429 20 074  9 916  9 385  9 110 
Trade sanctions  1 891  223  795  1 869  239 
Market regulations  298  392  710  917  194 
Total modules completed  42 486  51 216  29 213  56 516  25 709 
Company-wide compliance training metrics vary significantly year-on-year depending on which topics are the subject of 
training campaigns in the year. In 2025, Hydro launched a new anti-corruption training module, while in 2022 Hydro had e-
learning campaigns on anti-corruption. In 2024, there was a campaign on the revised Code of Conduct and on data 
privacy. 
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 270

[page 271]
G1.4 Current income tax
Reporting principles 
Current income tax for Hydro’s consolidated activities and significant locations of operation is based on Hydro’s 
financial statements. See note 10.1 Income taxes to the consolidated financial statement for more information.
Current income tax1
Amounts in NOK million 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
Norway  3 360  3 108  3 371  3 678  1 990 
Austria  12  16  43  62  55 
Belgium  (5)  7  33  60  14 
Denmark  -  2  (1)  -  30 
France  16  36  80  130  161 
Germany  (5)  13  3  (69)  81 
Hungary  69  67  78  62  72 
Italy  (1)  38  42  32  14 
Luxembourg  12  5  39  119  34 
The Netherlands  201  61  81  50  30 
Poland  19  (29)  8  54  57 
Portugal  (13)  20  28  19  17 
Slovakia  (5)  12  81  644  114 
Spain  122  (84)  40  62  44 
Sweden  35  26  68  (11)  57 
Other EU  1  3  2  3  3 
Total EU  457  190  626  1 217  782 
Switzerland  45  114  87  14  6 
Other Europe  -  (5)  2  49  8 
Total Europe  3 862  3 406  4 086  4 959  2 786 
USA  (78)  65  307  424  53 
Canada  99  170  141  296  384 
Brazil  628  993  136  1 145  1 238 
Asia  88  114  75  69  80 
Other  9  21  45  (1)  23 
Total outside Europe  748  1 364  704  1 933  1 779 
Total  4 610  4 771  4 790  6 891  4 565 
1 Includes joint operations that are included in Hydro’s financial statements on a line-by-line basis. Please see note 3.1 to the consolidated financial 
statements for more information about joint operations
G1.5 Certifications
Reporting principles 
According to Hydro’s policy, all controlled sites shall comply with, but not necessarily be certified according to, ISO 
9001, ISO 14001 and ISO 45001. Certification according to these standards is a decentralized responsibility based on 
identified business needs. OHSAS 18001 is discontinued and has been replaced by ISO 45001. 
The company's power plants in Norway are in compliance with the ISO 14001 standards and operate according to 
these standards but are not certified. In addition, the power plants need to comply with the requirements given by the 
Norwegian Water Resource and Energy Directorate (NVE), i.e. concessions for operations as well as environmental, 
third person safety, security and emergency preparedness regulations. The table below shows the distribution of 
certification of the other operational sites in Hydro. 
In addition to the mentioned ISO standards, several sites are also certified according to different sector and customer 
specific standards. Examples of such certifications are the IATF 16949 for the automotive industry, and the Aluminium 
Stewardship Initiative (ASI).
Share of controlled sites certified
ISO 9001 ISO 14001 ISO 45001 ASI
Eligible 101 101 99 97
Certified 91 98 84 81
Percentage certified 90% 97% 85% 84%
IATF 16949 is fully aligned with the structure and requirements of ISO 9001 and is required by customers that produce 
service parts or parts for car assembly. Of our sites delivering to the automotive industry, 92 percent are certified 
according to the IATF 16949.
All fully-owned smelters, 5 remelters and 24 Extrusion sites are also certified according to the ISO 50001 Energy 
Management systems.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 271

[page 272]
G1.6 ESG Partnerships and commitments
Reporting principles
Information on Hydro’s most important ESG partnerships and commitments.
Aluminium Stewardship Initiative (ASI)
The Aluminium Stewardship Initiative (ASI) is a global, multi-stakeholder, non-profit standards setting and certification 
organization. The ASI works toward responsible production, sourcing and stewardship of aluminium following an entire 
value chain approach.
Hydro is an active member of ASI and has been involved at all stages in the multi-stakeholder development of ASI 
standards to date. Hydro has participated in developing ASI’s certification program. The third-party certification platform 
was launched in 2017. By year-end 2025, 81 production sites have been certified according to the ASI Performance 
Standard, covering Hydro’s value chain from bauxite mining to finished products. Hydro has also certified several sites 
according to the Chain of Custody standard and delivered the first ASI certified metal to a customer in July 2019.
Hydro’s GRI index
 provides an overview of how Hydro reports on ASI’s 11 principles and underlying criteria. The mapping 
of ASI principles in the GRI index is included in the external auditor’s consistency check of Hydro’s GRI index.
Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI)
The Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI) aims to increase transparency in transactions between 
governments and companies within extractive industries. It is a non-treaty bound, multilateral organization endorsed by 
the UN General Assembly (2008 UN resolution) and the G7.
Hydro has supported the EITI since the foundation and reported on a voluntary basis since 2005. We report on our 
payments to governments as part of our Country by Country report
, and we will participate in national EITI projects in 
countries where we have extractive activities. Hydro participates in projects and committees as appropriate. Hydro's 
contribution to EITI is given through ICMM.
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
Hydro uses the GRI Standards for voluntary reporting of sustainable-related information. Hydro has reported according to 
GRI since 2003. The 2025 integrated annual report is in all material aspects in accordance with GRI’s reporting principles 
as defined by the GRI Universal Standards (2021). Hydro’s GRI Content Index 2025 can be found at Hydro.com/gri
.
The integrated annual report’s adherence to the GRI Standards is subject to limited assurance by the external auditor, 
KPMG. The assurance, as outlined in the Independent Auditor’s Assurance report, concludes that the report is presented, 
in all material respects, in accordance with the GRI Standards.
International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM)
Hydro is a member of the International Council on Mining and Metals and reports according to the ICMM requirements. 
That includes Hydro’s reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards. The reporting is also prepared in line with the 
requirements found in the ICMM 10 principles and position statements. See note G1.7 for Hydro’s self-assessment 
against the ICMM performance expectations.
UN Global Compact (UNGC)
Hydro supports the principles of the UN Global Compact. Human rights, international labor standards, working against 
corruption and environmental considerations are fundamental to Hydro’s approach to corporate responsibility. The 
Communication on progress (COP) in relation to the Compact’s 10 principles is available on the Global Compact website. 
The consistency of the information in Hydro’s integrated annual report, and the information in the Hydro Communication 
on Progress, has been reconciled by Hydro’s auditors.
United Nations (UN) Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights
The United Nations (UN) Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs) provide a clear, global 
understanding of governmental duties and corporate responsibilities for human rights. The GRI Index
 provides an 
overview of Hydro’s reporting on adherence with the UNGPs. Hydro also reports according to relevant laws that are based 
on the UNGPs, including the Norwegian Transparency Act 2021, the UK Modern Slavery Act 2015, and the Australia 
Modern Slavery Act 2018. The most salient and prioritized human rights issues are reported in the chapter on Own 
workforce, Workers in the value chain, and Affected communities.
UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
The UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) embrace a universal approach to the sustainable development agenda. 
They explicitly call on business to use creativity and innovation to address development challenges and recognize the 
need for governments to encourage sustainability reporting. Hydro has an impact on all of the 17 development goals to 
varying degrees. For an assessment of how Hydro’s activities impacts each of the 17 SDGs, see the SDG Index
.
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 272

[page 273]
G1.7 ICMM Performance Expectations
Reporting principles 
Through its membership in the International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM), Hydro is committed to comply with ICMM’s Performance Expectations. Hydro has made a self-assessment of the fulfillment of the ICMM performance expectations 
for Hydro Paragominas, Alunorte and Albras, all in Brazil, and Hydro’s five fully-owned primary aluminium production plants in Norway. 
All applicable operations are certified according to the ASI Performance and Chain of Custody standards. ICMM indicators that are aligned with ASI indicators are, according to the ICMM methodology, regarded as externally validated. Remaining 
indicators have been subject to a self-assessment against those performance indicators. The ICMM self-assessment has been reviewed by Hydro’s external auditor KPMG as part of the external limited assurance provided over Hydro’s sustainability 
statements in the 2025 annual report. See KPMG's assurance report
 for more information.
Site Activity
Ownership 
share
ASI certified 
indicators
Self-assessed indicators Not applicable 
indicators
Total indicators 
fully met CommentsFully-met Partially-met
Paragominas Bauxite mining 100% 31 7 0 2 38
Alunorte Alumina refining 62% 30 7 0 3 37
Albras Primary aluminium production 51% 30 5 1 4 35
Albras partially meets the performance expectation 6.2. A water management plan was implemented in 2025 
and its effectiveness will be monitored during 2026.
Husnes Primary aluminium production 100% 30 6 0 4 36
Høyanger Primary aluminium production 100% 30 6 0 4 36
Karmøy Primary aluminium production 100% 30 6 0 4 36
Sunndal Primary aluminium production 100% 30 6 0 4 36
Årdal Primary aluminium production 100% 30 6 0 4 36
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 273

[page 274]
Content index of ESRS disclosure requirements
BP-1 General basis for preparation of sustainability statement General information: Basis for preparation of the sustainability statements
BP-2 Disclosures in relation to specific circumstances
General information: Basis for preparation of the sustainability statements; Reporting changes and prior reporting errors; Statutory reporting and reporting standards; 
Incorporation of ESRS requirements by reference to other sections of the annual report and the remuneration report
GOV-1 The role of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies Corporate governance: Board of Directors; Board People and Remuneration Committee; Board Audit Committee; President & CEO and the Executive Leadership Team
GOV-2 Information provided to and sustainability matters addressed by the Corporate governance: Board of Directors; President & CEO and the Executive Leadership Team
GOV-3 Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive schemes General information: Incorporation of ESRS requirements by reference to other sections of the annual report and the remuneration report
GOV-4 Statement on due diligence General information: Sustainability due diligence
GOV-5 Risk management and internal controls over sustainability reporting General information: Risk management and internal control over sustainability reporting
SBM-1 Strategy, business model and value chain Our business: About Hydro; Main inputs and outcomes; Business areas; Own workforce: Note S1.1; Consolidated financial statement: Note 1.4
SBM-2 Interests and view of stakeholders General information: Interests and views of stakeholders; Materiality assessment; Corporate governance: Board of Directors; Executive Leadership Team
SBM-3
Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and 
business model General information: Materiality assessment; Reporting changes and prior reporting errors; and disclosures in relation to each ESRS topic
IRO-1
Description of the process to identify and assess material impacts, risks and 
opportunities General information: Materiality assessment (table)
IRO-2
Disclosure requirements in ESRS covered by the undertaking's sustainability 
statement Appendix: List of datapoints that derive from other EU legislation; ESRS Index; General information: Reporting changes and prior reporting errors; Materiality assessment
E1-1 Transition plan climate change mitigation
Climate change: Strategy and transition plan; Net-zero Hydro; Emission reduction activities; Adressing climate risks and opportunities; Potential carbon lock-in in the 
aluminium value chain; EU Taxonomy
E1-2 Policies related to climate change mitigation and adaptation Climate change: Strategy and transition plan
E1-3 Actions and resources in relation to climate change policies Climate change: Net-zero Hydro; Emission reduction activities; EU Taxonomy
E1-4 Targets related to climate change mitigation and adaptation
Climate change: Strategy and transition plan; Net-zero Hydro; Emission reduction activities; Greener sourcing and scope 3 emissions; Adressing climate risks and 
opportunities; Appendix: Note E1.1
E1-5 Energy consumption Appendix Note E1.6; E1.7
E1-6 Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG emissions Appendix: Note E1.1; E1.2; E1.3; E1.4; E1.5
E1-8 Internal carbon pricing Climate change: Internal carbon pricing; Appendix: Note E1.2
E2-1 Policies related to pollution Pollution: Our approach
E2-2 Actions and resources related to pollution Pollution: Our approach
E2-3 Targets related to pollutionn Pollution: Actions to reduce risk of pollution
E2-4 Pollution of air, water and soil Appendix: Note E2.1
E2-5 Substances of concern and substances of very high concern Appendix: Note E2.5
E3-1 Policies related to water and marine resources Water: Our approach
E3-2 Actions and resources related to water and marine resources Water: Our approach
ESRS standard Disclosure requirement Reference to annual report
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 274

[page 275]
E3-3 Targets related to water and marine resources N/A: No group targets related to water
E3-4 Water consumption Water: Our approach; Appendix: Note E3.1
E4-1
Transition plan and consideration of biodiversity and ecosystems in strategy and 
business mode Biodiversity and ecosystems: Integrating nature in Hydro's strategy and business model
E4-2 Policies related to biodiversity and ecosystems Biodiversity and ecosystems: Our approach; Identified impacts
E4-3 Actions and resources related to biodiversity and ecosystems Biodiversity and ecosystems: Our approach; Actions to mitigate and compensate for mining impacts on biodiversity; Actions to minimize impacts in hydropower operations
E4-4 Targets related to biodiversity and ecosystems
Biodiversity and ecosystems: Identified impacts; Integrating nature in Hydro's strategy and business model; Actions to mitigate and compensate for mining impacts on 
biodiversity; Actions to minimize impacts in development of wind- and solar power
E4-5 Impact metrics related to biodiversity and ecosystems change Appendix: Note E4.1; E4.6
E5-1 Policies related to resource use and circular economy Resource use and circular economy: Our approach
E5-2 Actions and resources related to resource use and circular economy Resource use and circular economy: Increasing recycling of aluminium and developing more circular solutions; Waste management
E5-3 Targets related to resource use and circular economy Resource use and circular economy: Increasing recycling of aluminium and developing more circular solutions; Waste management
E5-4 Resource inflows Resource use and circular economy: Our approach; Appendix: Note E5.1
E5-5 Resource outflows Resource use and circular economy: Increasing recycling of aluminium and developing more circular solutions; Appendix: Note E5.1; E5.2; E5.3
S1-1 Policies related to own workforce Own workforce: Our approach; Occupational health and safety; People strategy 
S1-2
Process for engaging with own workforce and workers' representatives about 
impacts Own workforce: Our approach
S1-3
Process to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workforce to raise 
concerns Own workforce: Our approach; Occupational health and safety; Diversity; inclusion; and belonging; Business conduct: Our approach
S1-4
Taking action on material impacts on own workforce, and approaches to 
mitigating material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to own 
workforce, and effectiveness of those actions
Own workforce: Occupational health and safety; People strategy; Diversity; inclusion; and belonging; Reward; Living wage; Labor rights; Just transition; Security and 
emergency preparedness
S1-5
Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive 
impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities
Own workforce: Occupational health and safety; People strategy; Diversity; inclusion; and belonging; Reward; Living wage; Labor rights; Just transition; Security and 
emergency preparedness
S1-6 Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees Appendix: Note S1.1
S1-8 Collective bargaining coverage and social dialogue Own workforce: Collaborating with unions and employee representatives; Appendix Note S1.5
S1-9 Diversity metrics Appendix: Note S1.2
S1-10 Adequate wages Own workforce: Living wage
S1-11 Social protection Own workforce: Reward; Labor rights
S1-13 Training and skills development metrics Own workforce: People strategy; Appendix: Note S1.4
S1-14 Health and safety metrics Own workforce: Occupational health and safety; Note S1.3
S1-15 Work-life balance metrics Own workforce: Reward; Appendix: Note S1.2
S1-16 Compensation metrics (pay gap and total compensation) Own workforce: Reward
S1-17 Incidents, complaints and severe human rights impacts Own workforce: Diversity, inclusion, and belonging (DIB); Appendix: Note G1.1
S2-1 Policies related to value chain workers Workers in the value chain: Our approach
S2-2 Processes for engaging with value chain workers about impacts Workers in the value chain: Our approach; Responsible sourcing and due diligence process; Disclosures related to specific countries
S2-3 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for value chain Workers in the value chain: Disclosures related to specific countries; Business conduct: Our approach
ESRS standard Disclosure requirement Reference to annual report
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 275

[page 276]
S2-4
Taking action on material impacts on value chain workers, and approaches to 
managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to value 
chain workers, and effectiveness of those action Workers in the value chain: Our approach; Supplier and business partner screening; Findings and impacts; Disclosures related to specific countries
S2-5
Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive 
impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities Workers in the value chain: Our approach; Appendix: Note S2.2
S3-1 Policies related to affected communities Affected communities: Our approach; Policy commitments; Stakeholder engagement; Potential and actual adverse impacts; Appendix: Note G1.1
S3-2 Processes for engaging with affected communities about impacts
Affected communities: Our approach; Policy commitments; Stakeholder engagement; Affected communities in own operations; Affected communities in value chain 
including joint ventures and joint operations; Appendix: Note G1.1
S3-3
Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for affected 
communities to raise concerns
Affected communities: Potential and actual adverse impacts; Affected communities in own operations; Affected communities in value chain including joint ventures and 
joint operations
S3-4
Taking action on material impacts on affected communities, and approaches to 
managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to affected 
communities, and effectiveness of those actions
Affected communities: Our approach; Potential and actual adverse impacts; Affected communities in own operations; Affected communities in value chain including joint 
ventures and joint operations; Resilient local communities in a changing world; Skills and jobs for the future low carbon economy; Appendix: Note S3.1; S3.2; G1.1
S3-5
Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive 
impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities
Affected communities: Stakeholder engagement; Potential and actual adverse impacts; Affected communities in own operations; Affected communities in value chain 
including joint ventures and joint operations; Note S3.1; Note S3.2; Business Conduct: Note G1.1
G1-1 Corporate culture and Business conduct policies and corporate culture Business conduct: Our approach; Anti-Corruption; Data protection and cybersecurity
G1-2 Management of relationships with suppliers Business conduct: Management of relationships with suppliers
G1-3 Prevention and detection of corruption and bribery
Business conduct: Our approach; Anti-corruption; Compliance training; Non-compliance with business conduct standards; Appendix: Note G1.3; Governance: Board of 
directors; President & CEO and the Executive Leadership Team (ELT)
G1-4 Confirmed incidents of corruption or bribery Appendix: Note G1.1; G1.3
G1-5 Political influence and lobbying activities Business conduct: Public affairs and lobbying
G1-6 Payment practices Business conduct: Management of relationships with suppliers
ESRS standard Disclosure requirement Reference to annual report
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 276

[page 277]
List of data points that derive from other EU legislations
ESRS 2 GOV-1 21 d Board's gender diversity ratio SFDR Material Appendix: Note S1.2
ESRS 2 GOV-1 21 e Percentage of independent board members SFDR Material Corporate governance: Board of Directors
ESRS 2 GOV-4 30; 32 Disclosure of mapping of information provided in sustainability statement about due diligence process SFDR Material General information: Sustainability due diligence
ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 d i  Undertaking is active in fossil fuel (coal, oil and gas) sector SFDR Not material N/A - no such activities
ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 d ii  Undertaking is active in chemicals production SFDR Not material N/A - no such activities
ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 d ii  Revenue from chemicals production SFDR Not material N/A - no such activities
ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 d iii  Undertaking is active in controversial weapons SFDR Not material N/A - no such activities
ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 d iii  Revenue from controversial weapons SFDR Not material N/A - no such activities
ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 d iv Undertaking is active in cultivation and production of tobacco SFDR Not material N/A - no such activities
ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 d iv  Revenue from cultivation and production of tobacco SFDR Not material N/A - no such activities
E1  E1-1  14 Disclosure of transition plan  for climate change mitigation EUCL Material Climate change: Strategy and transition plan; Net-Zero Hydro
E1  E1-1  16 g Undertaking is excluded from EU Paris-aligned Benchmarks P3, BRR Not material Climate change: Addressing climate risks and opportunities
E1  E1-4  34 a + 34 b Absolute value of total Greenhouse gas emissions reduction SFDR, P3, BRR Material Climate change: Targets and ambitions; Appendix: Note E1.2
E1  E1-4  34 a + 34 b Percentage of total Greenhouse gas emissions reduction (as of emissions of base year) SFDR, P3, BRR Material Climate change: Targets and ambitions; Appendix: Note E1.2
E1  E1-4  34 a + 34 b Intensity value of total Greenhouse gas emissions reduction SFDR, P3, BRR Material Climate change: Targets and ambitions; Appendix: Note E1.2
E1  E1-4  34 a + 34 b Absolute value of Scope 1 Greenhouse gas emissions reduction SFDR, P3, BRR Material Climate change: Targets and ambitions; Appendix: Note E1.2
E1  E1-4  34 a + 34 b Percentage of Scope 1 Greenhouse gas emissions reduction (as of emissions of base year) SFDR, P3, BRR Material Climate change: Targets and ambitions; Appendix: Note E1.2
E1  E1-4  34 a + 34 b Intensity value of Scope 1 Greenhouse gas emissions reduction SFDR, P3, BRR Material Climate change: Targets and ambitions; Appendix: Note E1.2
E1  E1-4  34 a + 34 b Absolute value of location-based Scope 2 Greenhouse gas emissions reduction SFDR, P3, BRR Material Climate change: Targets and ambitions; Appendix: Note E1.2
E1  E1-4  34 a + 34 b Percentage of location-based Scope 2 Greenhouse gas emissions reduction (as of emissions of base year) SFDR, P3, BRR Material Climate change: Targets and ambitions; Appendix: Note E1.2
E1  E1-4  34 a + 34 b Intensity value of location-based Scope 2 Greenhouse gas emissions reduction SFDR, P3, BRR Material Climate change: Targets and ambitions; Appendix: Note E1.2
E1  E1-4  34 a + 34 b Absolute value of market-based Scope 2 Greenhouse gas emissions reduction SFDR, P3, BRR Not material Climate change: Targets and ambitions; Appendix: Note E1.2
E1  E1-4  34 a + 34 b Percentage of market-based Scope 2 Greenhouse gas emissions reduction (as of emissions of base year) SFDR, P3, BRR Not material Climate change: Targets and ambitions; Appendix: Note E1.2
E1  E1-4  34 a + 34 b Intensity value of market-based Scope 2 Greenhouse gas emissions reduction SFDR, P3, BRR Not material Climate change: Targets and ambitions; Appendix: Note E1.2
E1  E1-4  34 a + 34 b Absolute value of Scope 3 Greenhouse gas emissions reduction SFDR, P3, BRR Material Climate change: Targets and ambitions; Appendix: Note E1.2
E1  E1-4  34 a + 34 b Percentage of Scope 3 Greenhouse gas emissions reduction (as of emissions of base year) SFDR, P3, BRR Material Climate change: Targets and ambitions; Appendix: Note E1.2
E1  E1-4  34 a + 34 b Intensity value of Scope 3 Greenhouse gas emissions reduction SFDR, P3, BRR Material Climate change: Targets and ambitions; Appendix: Note E1.2
E1  E1-5 37 Total energy consumption related to own operations SFDR Material Appendix: Note E1.6
E1  E1-5 37 a Total energy consumption from fossil sources SFDR Material Appendix: Note E1.6
E1  E1-5 37 b Total energy consumption from nuclear sources SFDR Material Appendix: Note E1.6
E1  E1-5 37 c Total energy consumption from renewable sources SFDR Material Appendix: Note E1.6
E1  E1-5 37 c i Fuel consumption from renewable sources SFDR Not material N/A
E1  E1-5 37 c ii Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, steam, and cooling from renewable sources SFDR Material Appendix: Note E1.6
DR Disclosure requirement Legislation reference Material? Annual report reference
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 277

[page 278]
E1  E1-5 37 c iii Consumption of self-generated non-fuel renewable energy SFDR Material Appendix: Note E1.6
E1  E1-5 38 a Fuel consumption from coal and coal products SFDR Material Appendix: Note E1.6
E1  E1-5 38 b Fuel consumption from crude oil and petroleum products SFDR Material Appendix: Note E1.6
E1  E1-5 38 c Fuel consumption from natural gas SFDR Material Appendix: Note E1.6
E1  E1-5 38 d Fuel consumption from other fossil sources SFDR Material Appendix: Note E1.6
E1  E1-5 38 e Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, steam, or cooling from fossil sources SFDR Material Appendix: Note E1.6
E1  E1-5 40 Energy intensity from activities in high climate impact sectors (total energy consumption per net revenue) SFDR Material Appendix: Note E1.6
E1  E1-5 41 Total energy consumption from activities in high climate impact sectors SFDR Material Appendix: Note E1.6
E1  E1-5 42 High climate impact sectors used to determine energy intensity SFDR Material Appendix: Note E1.7
E1  E1-5 43
Disclosure of reconciliation to relevant line item or notes in financial statements of net revenue from activities in high climate 
impact sectors SFDR Material Appendix: Note E1.7
E1 E1-6 48 a Gross Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions SFDR, P3, BRR Material Appendix: Note E1.2
E1 E1-6 48 b Percentage of Scope 1 GHG emissions from regulated emission trading schemes SFDR, P3, BRR Material Appendix: Note E1.2
E1 E1-6 49 a, 52 a Gross location-based Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions SFDR, P3, BRR Material Appendix: Note E1.2
E1 E1-6 49 b, 52 b Gross market-based Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions SFDR, P3, BRR Material Appendix: Note E1.2
E1 E1-6 51 Gross Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions SFDR, P3, BRR Material Appendix: Note E1.2
E1 E1-6 44, 52 a Total GHG emissions location based SFDR, P3, BRR Material Appendix: Note E1.2
E1 E1-6 44, 52 b Total GHG emissions market based SFDR, P3, BRR Material Appendix: Note E1.2
E1  E1-6 53 GHG emissions intensity, location-based (total GHG emissions per net revenue) SFDR, P3, BRR Material Appendix: Note E1.4
E1  E1-6 53 GHG emissions intensity, market-based (total GHG emissions per net revenue) SFDR, P3, BRR Material Appendix: Note E1.4
E1  E1-6 55 Disclosure of reconciliation to financial statements of net revenue used for calculation of GHG emissions intensity SFDR, P3, BRR Material Appendix: Note E1.4
E1  E1-7 56 a
Disclosure of GHG removals and storage resulting from projects developed in own operations or contributed to in upstream and 
downstream value chain EUCL Not material No such projects
E1  E1-7 56b
Disclosure of GHG emission reductions or removals from climate change mitigation projects outside value chain financed or to be 
financed through any purchase of carbon credits EUCL Not material No use of credits
E1  E1-9 66 a Assets at material physical risk before considering climate change adaptation actions P3 Material N/A - Phasing in requirement
E1  E1-9 66 a Assets at acute material physical risk before considering climate change adaptation actions P3 Material N/A - Phasing in requirement
E1  E1-9 66 a Assets at chronic material physical risk before considering climate change adaptation actions P3 Material N/A - Phasing in requirement
E1  E1-9 66 a Percentage of assets at material physical risk before considering climate change adaptation actions P3 Material N/A - Phasing in requirement
E1  E1-9 66 c Disclosure of location of significant assets at material physical risk P3 Material N/A - Phasing in requirement
E1  E1-9 AR 70 c i Disclosure of location of its significant assets at material physical risk (disaggregated by NUTS codes) P3 Material N/A - Phasing in requirement
E1  E1-9 67 c Total carrying amount of real estate assets by energy efficiency classes P3 Material N/A - Phasing in requirement
E1  E1-9 69 a Expected cost savings from climate change mitigation actions BRR Material N/A - Phasing in requirement
E1  E1-9 69 a Expected cost savings from climate change adaptation actions BRR Material N/A - Phasing in requirement
E1  E1-9 69 b Potential market size of low-carbon products and services or adaptation solutions to which undertaking has or may have access BRR Material N/A - Phasing in requirement
E1  E1-9 69 b
Expected changes to net revenue from low-carbon products and services or adaptation solutions to which undertaking has or 
may have access BRR Material N/A - Phasing in requirement
E2  E2-4 28 a Emissions to air by pollutant SFDR Material Appendix: Note E2.1
E2  E2-4 28 a Emissions to water by pollutant  [+ by sectors/Geographical Area/Type of source/Site location] SFDR Material Appendix: Note E2.1
DR Disclosure requirement Legislation reference Material? Annual report reference
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 278

[page 279]
E2  E2-4 28 a Emissions to soil by pollutant  [+ by sectors/Geographical Area/Type of source/Site location] SFDR Not material No material emissions to soil
E3 E3-1 11 Policies to manage its material impacts, risks and opportunities related to water and marine resources [see ESRS 2 MDR-P] SFDR Material Water: Our approach
E3 E3-1 13 Disclosure of reasons for not having adopted policies in areas of high-water stress SFDR Material Water: Our approach
E3 E3-1 13 Disclosure of timeframe in which policies in areas of high-water stress will be adopted SFDR Material Water: Our approach
E3 E3-1 14 Policies or practices related to sustainable oceans and seas have been adopted SFDR Material No such policy
E3 E3-4 28 c Total water recycled and reused SFDR Material Appendix: Note E3.1
E3 E3-4 29 Water intensity ratio SFDR Material Appendix: Note E3.1
E4 E4.SBM-3 16 a i Disclosure of activities negatively affecting biodiversity sensitive areas SFDR Material
Biodiversity and ecosystems: Driver of nature loss; Impacts and 
dependencies
E4 E4.SBM-3 16 b Material negative impacts with regards to land degradation, desertification or soil sealing have been identified SFDR Material Biodiversity and ecosystems: Impacts and dependencies
E4 E4.SBM-3 16 c Own operations affect threatened species SFDR Material Appendix: Note E4.6
E4 E4-2 24 b Sustainable land or agriculture practices or policies have been adopted SFDR Not material No agriculture activities in Hydro
E4 E4-2 24 c Sustainable oceans or seas practices or policies have been adopted SFDR Not material No sea-based activities in Hydro
E4 E4-2 24 d Policies to address deforestation have been adopted SFDR Material
No policy related to deforestation; relevant activities to compensate 
for deforestation are described in Biodiversity and ecosystems: 
E5 E5-5 37 d Non-recycled waste SFDR Material Appendix: Note E5.3 
E5 E5-5 37 d Percentage of non-recycled waste SFDR Material Appendix: Note E5.3
E5 E5-5 39 Total amount of hazardous waste SFDR Material Appendix: Note E5.3
E5 E5-5 39 Total amount of radioactive waste SFDR Not material No radioactive waste generated
S1 S1.SBM-3 14 f i Information about type of operations at significant risk of incidents of forced labour or compulsory labour SFDR Material Own workforce: Why it matters (not a salient risk)
S1 S1.SBM-3 14 f ii
Information about countries or geographic areas with operations considered at significant risk of incidents of forced labour or 
compulsory labour SFDR Material Own workforce: Why it matters (not a salient risk)
S1 S1.SBM-3 14 g i Information about type of operations at significant risk of incidents of child labour SFDR Material Own workforce: Why it matters (not a salient risk)
S1 S1.SBM-3 14 g ii Information about countries or geographic areas with operations considered at significant risk of incidents of child labour SFDR Material Own workforce: Why it matters (not a salient risk)
S1 S1-1 20 Description of relevant human rights policy commitments relevant to own workforce SFDR Material Own workforce: Our approach
S1 S1-1 20a Disclosure of general approach in relation to respect for human rights including labour rights, of people in its own workforce SFDR Material Own workforce: Why it matters; Our approach
S1 S1-1 20b Disclosure of general approach in relation to engagement with people in its own workforce SFDR Material Own workforce: Our approach
S1 S1-1 20c Disclosure of general approach in relation to measures to provide and (or) enable remedy for human rights impacts SFDR Material
Own workforce: Occupational health and safety; Diversity, inclusion, 
and belonging
S1 S1-1 21 Disclosure of whether and how policies are aligned with relevant internationally recognised instruments SFDR Material Own workforce: Why it matters; Our approach
S1 S1-1 22 Policies explicitly address trafficking in human beings, forced labour or compulsory labour and child labour SFDR Material Own workforce: Why it matters; Our approach
S1 S1-1 23 Workplace accident prevention policy or management system is in place SFDR Material Own workforce: Occupational health and safety
S1 S1-3 32 c Grievance or complaints handling mechanisms related to employee matters exist SFDR Material Own workforce: Diversity, inclusion, and belonging
S1 S1-16 97 a Gender pay gap SFDR, BRR Material Own workforce: Reward
S1 S1-16 97 b Annual total remuneration ratio SFDR Material Own workforce: Reward
S1 S1-17 103 a Number of incidents of discrimination [table] SFDR Material Appendix: Note G1.1
S1 S1-17 104 a Number of severe human rights issues and incidents connected to own workforce SFDR, BRR Material Appendix: Note S1.3; G1.1
DR Disclosure requirement Legislation reference Material? Annual report reference
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 279

[page 280]
 
S1 S1-17 104 a
Number of severe human rights issues and incidents connected to own workforce that are cases of non respect of UN Guiding 
Principles and OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises SFDR, BRR Not material No such incidents; other incidents reported in Note G1.1
S1 S1-17 104 a No severe human rights issues and incidents connected to own workforce have occurred SFDR, BRR Not material No such incidents; other incidents reported in Note G1.1
S2 S2.SBM-3 11 b
Disclosure of geographies or commodities for which there is significant risk of child labour, or of forced or compulsory labour, 
among workers in undertaking’s value chain SFDR Material
Workers in the value chain: Salient human rights risks affecting 
workers in the value chain; Findings and impacts 
S2 S2-1 17 Description of relevant human rights policy commitments relevant to value chain workers SFDR Material Workers in the value chain: Our approach
S2 S2-1 17a Disclosure of general approach in relation to respect for human rights relevant to value chain workers SFDR Material Workers in the value chain: Our approach
S2 S2-1 17b Disclosure of general approach in relation to engagement with value chain workers SFDR Material Workers in the value chain: Our approach
S2 S2-1 17 c Disclosure of general approach in relation to measures to provide and (or) enable remedy for human rights impacts SFDR Material Workers in the value chain: Our approach
S2 S2-1 18 Policies explicitly address trafficking in human beings, forced labour or compulsory labour and child labour SFDR Material Workers in the value chain: Our approach
S2 S2-1 18 Undertaking has supplier code of conduct SFDR Material Workers in the value chain: Our approach
S2 S2-1 AR 15 Provisions in supplier codes of conudct are fully in line with applicable ILO standards SFDR Material Workers in the value chain: Our approach
S2 S2-1 19 Disclosure of whether and how policies are aligned with relevant internationally recognised instruments SFDR Material Workers in the value chain: Our approach
S2 S2-1 19
Disclosure of extent and indication of nature of cases of non-respect of the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human 
Rights, ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work or OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises that 
involve value chain workers SFDR, BRR Material Workers in the value chain: Findings and impacts
S2 S2-4 36 Disclosure of severe human rights issues and incidents connected to upstream and downstream value chain SFDR Material
Workers in the value chain: Findings and impacts; Disclosures 
related to specific countries
S3 S3-1 16 Description of relevant human rights policy commitments relevant to affected communities SFDR Material Affected communities: Policy commitments
S3 S3-1 16 a Disclosure of general approach in relation to respect for human rights of communities, and indigenous peoples specifically SFDR Material Affected communities: Policy commitments
S3 S3-1 16 b Disclosure of general approach in relation to engagement with affected communities SFDR Material Affected communities: Stakeholder engagement
S3 S3-1 16 c Disclosure of general approach in relation to measures to provide and (or) enable remedy for human rights impacts SFDR Material Affected communities: Policy commitments
S3 S3-1 17 Disclosure of whether and how policies are aligned with relevant internationally recognised instruments SFDR Material Affected communities: Policy commitments
S3 S3-1 17
Disclosure of extent and indication of nature of cases of non-respect of the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human 
Rights, ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work or OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises that 
involve affected communities SFDR, BRR Material
Affected communities: Potential and actual adverse impacts; 
Appendix: Note G1.1
S3 S3-4 36 Disclosure of severe human rights issues and incidents connected to affected communities SFDR Material Affected communities: Potential and actual adverse impacts; 
G1 G1-1 10 b No policies on anti-corruption or anti-bribery consistent with United Nations Convention against Corruption are in place SFDR Material Business conduct: Anti-corruption
G1 G1-1 10 d No policies on protection of whistle-blowers are in place SFDR Not material Business conduct: Our approach
G1 G1-4 24 a Number of convictions for violation of anti-corruption and anti- bribery laws SFDR Not material No such cases; see Appendix: Note G1.2
G1 G1-4 24 a Amount of fines for violation of anti-corruption and anti- bribery laws SFDR Not material No such cases; see Appendix: Note G1.2
DR Disclosure requirement Legislation reference Material? Annual report reference
x
ESG Factbook Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 280

[page 281]
Country-by-country report
Hydro’s country-by-country report has been developed to comply with legal requirements as stated in the Norwegian 
Accounting Act and the Norwegian Security Trading Act, and replaces former reporting on payments to host governments 
according to the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI). Hydro’s reporting includes, and goes beyond, the EITI 
requirements. According to the Norwegian Accounting Act, the country-by-country reporting should be on a project level, 
and payments should be reported per public authority. Following a thorough evaluation, we have defined “project” as legal 
entity in the report, and “public authority” as the three levels: federal; state(s); and municipality(-ies). 
The reporting requirement applies to Hydro as a Norwegian listed company with exploration and extractive activities. 
Currently, this includes Hydro’s consolidated operations in Brazil, through exploration and extractive activities in 
Paragominas, in the state of Pará. On a voluntary basis, and in line with our EITI reporting since 2005, we also include the 
alumina refinery Alunorte. Alumina is refined from bauxite and is the commercial product from Hydro’s Bauxite & Alumina 
business area. 
Hydro’s primary aluminium production facility Albras is also closely linked to the extraction of raw materials in Pará. To 
better illustrate the tax contribution from Hydro’s aluminium value chain in Pará, Albras is included on a voluntary basis in 
the country-by-country report. In addition, Hydro voluntarily reports on indirect tax contributions not covered by the 
requirements in the country-by-country report. 
To comply with the Norwegian country-by-country regulation, Hydro is required to report on certain information at 
corporate level related to legal entities, where they are registered, number of employees, and interest paid to other legal 
entities in Hydro within another jurisdictions. It is also required to give a short description of each legal entity’s activities, 
revenue, income before tax, tax accrued and paid in the reporting year, and accumulated earnings. For additional 
reporting in accordance with the GRI 207 Tax standard, please see Hydro’s GRI index
. 
The country-by-country report is approved by the board of directors and included in their responsibility statement.
 
Taxation
Global tax policy
Hydro is committed to acting as a responsible corporate citizen globally, with tax compliance and planning that is 
professionally managed, transparent and aligned with legitimate business objectives. Hydro’s Global Tax Policy is outlined 
to meet statutory obligations regarding the disclosure of this approach and is frequently updated in response to regulatory 
changes and in dialogue with internal and external stakeholders. Most recent update in 2025 was approved by Hydro 
Board of Directors and is published on Hydro.com
. Hydro is committed to transparency and accuracy in its tax 
management, and it is based on the principle that equitable taxes are paid with correct amounts, at the correct time and 
where the economic value is generated.
In addition to this section, tax related disclosures are found in Note G1.4
 income tax and in the Risk section.
Taxation of hydropower production in Norway
Profits from Hydro’s hydropower production in Norway are subject to ordinary income tax at 22 percent for the income 
year 2025. Revenue for ordinary income tax purposes is based on realized prices. Dams, tunnels, and power stations are, 
for tax purposes, depreciated on a linear basis over 67 years, and machinery and generators over 40 years. However, 
such fixed assets are depreciated over the concession period if that is shorter. Transmission and other electrical 
equipment are depreciated at a 5 percent declining balance.
A natural resource tax of NOK 13.4 per MWh is currently levied on hydro power production. The tax is fully deductible from 
the ordinary income tax.
In addition, a special resource rent tax, is imposed on hydropower production in Norway. For income year 2025 the 
effective tax rate is 45 percent, unchanged from 2024. All new investments and upgrade/maintenance costs can be 
expensed/excluded from the basis for the resource rent tax. Marginal tax rate for 2025 is 67 percent, unchanged from 
2024.  
Taxation in Brazil
Payments to authorities per project and authority (exploration and extractive activities, alumina refining and aluminium 
production) in 2025 is presented in the first table below. 
Country-by-country report Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 281

[page 282]
Payments to authorities per project and authority (exploration and extractive activities, alumina refining and aluminium production) in 2025
Taxes and fees ² Royalties License fees ³
Infrastructure, 
contractual ⁴
Infrastructure, 
voluntary ⁴ Investments Revenue ⁵ Production volume Total expenses ⁵ ⁶
Extractive related activities (all in Brazil) ¹ NOK million NOK million NOK million NOK million NOK million NOK million NOK million 1000 mt NOK million
Mineracao Paragominas SA, total  95  137  1  9  57  1 444  4 537  10 516  4 002 
Federal  38  14  - 
Pará State  58  41  - 
Paragominas municipality  -  82  - 
Norsk Hydro Brasil Ltda, total  14  -  -  1  5  40  296  -  274 
Federal  -  -  - 
Rio de Janeiro State  14  -  - 
São Paulo municipality  -  -  - 
Alunorte - Alumina do Norte do Brasil SA, total  376  -  -  4  106  2 044  25 719  6 086  22 346 
Federal  363  -  - 
Pará State  14  -  - 
Barcarena municipality  -  -  - 
Albras - Alumínio Brasileiro SA, total  164  -  -  1  59  1 511  12 654  348  12 375 
Federal  163  -  - 
Pará State  1  -  - 
Barcarena municipality  -  -  - 
Total ⁷  649  137  1  16  227  5 038  43 206  38 997 
1 In 2025, Hydro's extractive activities did not have the following types of payments to host authorities:
a. production entitlements
b. dividends 
c. signature, findings and production bonuses
d. stocks, shares or other ownership rights         
2 Taxes and fees (income, profit and production) except taxes and fees on consumption such as VAT, withholding taxes on behalf of employees, sales tax. Figures are not directly comparable to the further country-by-country information in this report.
3 License, lease or access fees or other payments for licenses or commissions.
4 Payments on improved infrastructure, either contractual based on exploration or operational licenses, or voluntary is based on Hydro's reporting on social investments, please see note S3.1
 in the ESG factbook.
5 Including power procurement and sales.
6 Costs at Alunorte include purchase of bauxite from Paragominas. Costs at Albras include purchase of alumina from Alunorte.
7 Totals are only presented for figures where a total can be consolidated.
Country-by-country report Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 282

[page 283]
Other tax contributions to authorities in Brazil 
The Brazilian tax system is complex and volatile. In addition to the direct taxes reported above on income, profit and 
production, Brazil has several indirect taxes levied at the federal and state levels, and other taxes levied at the municipal 
level.
For Hydro, there are two main indirect tax mechanisms not covered by the country-by-country requirements, i.e., ICMS 
and PIS/COFINS. 
ICMS is a Brazilian indirect state tax on the sale of goods, freight, and certain services. ICMS is intended a non-
cumulative tax, which means that sales are generating ICMS debits with the seller, and purchases are generating ICMS 
credits with the buyer. However, as export transactions are exempt from ICMS and not generating ICMS debits, exporters 
accumulate ICMS credits that cannot be offset with any other taxes. As ICMS is an indirect tax, the amounts are reported 
as expenses in Hydro’s financial statements rather than as income tax. 
In the state of Pará, Hydro is subject to an ICMS deferral aiming to prevent accumulation of ICMS credits, and to reduce 
net payable ICMS. Hydro’s operations in Pará generates ICMS tax revenue to the state mostly on local purchases of 
electricity (Albras), diesel, fuel oil and LNG, on sale of goods to customers residing outside the state. In 2015, the state of 
Pará granted a renewal of the ICMS deferral until 2030 for Paragominas, Alunorte and Albras. The ICMS deferral is 
conditional upon Hydro’s fulfillment of multiple obligations. All obligations are related to verticalization of the aluminium 
value chain in the state of Pará, contribution to development in the region and enabling sustainable growth in the state.  
For more information about ICMS deferral, see risk review No 12, Material tax change.
PIS and COFINS are two federal social contribution taxes charged on gross income, in most cases at a total rate of 9.25 
percent. Hydro entities in Brazil are charged under a non-cumulative system that resembles VAT. Like for ICMS, export 
transactions are exempt. As a result, Brazilian exporters, like Alunorte, accumulate credits that can be either reimbursed or 
offset against debts of other federal taxes. 
The following table includes Hydro entities operating in the state of Pará. 
Other taxes paid to authorities in Brazil 1
ICMS PIS COFINS IPTU
Total 
contribution
Extractive related activities NOK million NOK million NOK million NOK million NOK million
Mineracao Paragominas SA, total  86  3  5  1  95 
Federal  -  3  5  -  8 
Pará State  86  -  -  -  86 
Paragominas municipality  -  -  -  1  1 
Norsk Hydro Brasil Ltda, total  43  3  11  -  57 
Federal  -  3  11  -  14 
Rio de Janeiro State  43  -  -  -  43 
São Paulo municipality  -  -  -  -  - 
Alunorte - Alumina do Norte do Brasil SA, total  122  2  10  106  240 
Federal  -  2  10  -  12 
Pará State  122  -  -  -  122 
Barcarena municipality  -  -  -  106  106 
Albras - Alumínio Brasileiro SA, total  526  1  5  66  598 
Federal  -  1  5  -  6 
Pará State  526  -  -  -  526 
Barcarena municipality  -  -  -  66  66 
Total  777  9  32  173  990 
1 Tax off-sets are not included.
Country-by-country report Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 283

[page 284]
Further country-by-country information for all consolidated legal entities 
The Norwegian country-by-country reporting requirement as stated in the Norwegian Accounting Act and the Country-by-
Country Regulation also require reporting on certain information at corporate level related to legal entities, as included in 
the table below.
Hydro’s subsidiaries have both external revenue derived from sale to Hydro’s end customers, and internal revenue 
derived from sale to other Hydro entities. In the table below both revenue streams are included per legal entity, but in 
Hydro’s consolidated financial statements all internal transactions have been eliminated to arrive at Hydro’s revenue. The 
sum of the different items for Hydro’s subsidiaries will therefore not add up to the respective consolidated figures.
In order to present a Grand Total in the country-by-country report that is comparable to Hydro’s consolidated financial 
statements, we have included all group eliminations as a separate line. These include, but are not limited to, eliminations 
of internal revenue and cost, internal receivables and payables, distributed profit such as dividends within the group, 
goodwill and excess values not attributable to individual legal entities, accumulated profits allocated to non-controlling 
interests and all joint operations and joint ventures.
Assets and liabilities in subsidiaries that have been acquired have been remeasured to fair value in Hydro’s financial 
statements. This value adjustment, often referred to as excess value, represents the difference between the fair value of 
the company as paid by Hydro, and the carrying value of assets and liabilities as recognized by the subsidiary at the time 
of purchase. This premium is not reflected in the subsidiaries local statutory reporting. Due to this, figures reported in 
Hydro’s country-by-country report are not necessarily comparable to the entities’ local statutory reporting. Acquired entities 
are included from the date of acquisition. As a result of rounding adjustments, the figures in one or more of the columns in 
the table below may not add up to the total of that column.
The information is included in the independent auditor’s assurance report.
Country-by-country report Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 284

[page 285]
Further country-by-country information for all consolidated legal entities1
Argentina Hydro Extrusion Argentina S.A. Extrusion Production  100  95  -  1 921  305  (9)  8  (8)  (1) 
Hydro Building Systems France Sarl (Branch) Extrusion Production  100  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1) 
Total Argentina  95  -  1 921  305  (10)  8  (8)  (2) 
Australia Hydro Aluminium Australia Pty. Limited ⁷⁾ Holding Company  100  -  -  -  2 012  119  102  -  330 
Hydro Aluminium Kurri Kurri Pty. Limited Real Estate  100  3  -  -  5  56  (102)  -  (2 000) 
Total Australia  3  -  -  2 016  174  -  -  (1 671) 
Austria Hydro Building Systems Austria GmbH Sales and Marketing  100  44  -  14  349  (9)  (2)  2  53 
Hydro Extrusion Nenzing GmbH Extrusion Production  100  399  -  174  2 159  20  3  -  553 
Hydro Holding Austria GmbH Holding Company  100  -  -  36  -  21  -  (14)  237 
Total Austria  443  -  225  2 508  33  2  (12)  843 
Bahrain Hydro Building Systems Middle East WLL Building Systems Production  100  64  -  575  881  143  22  -  87 
Total Bahrain  64  -  575  881  143  22  -  87 
Belgium Norsk Hydro E.U. SRL Public Affairs  100  3  -  -  -  -  -  -  2 
Hydro Extrusion Lichtervelde SA Extrusion Production  100  219  -  6 950  2 340  (92)  (12)  (7)  198 
Hydro Allease NV Business Management  100  -  -  -  -  (6)  (2)  -  200 
Hydro Building Systems Belgium NV Building Systems Production  100  131  3  2 684  462  (53)  1  -  (463) 
Hydro Extrusion Eupen SA Dies Production  100  39  2  335  55  (16)  (3)  -  (59) 
Hydro Extrusion Raeren SA Extrusion Production  100  202  13  564  1 022  (9)  -  (5)  63 
Total Belgium  594  18  10 532  3 878  (176)  (16)  (12)  (60) 
Bosnia and Herzegovina Hueck Service d.o.o. Sales and Marketing  100  12  -  -  -  -  -  -  1 
Total Bosnia and Herzegovina  12  -  -  -  -  -  -  1 
Brazil ALBRAS - Alumínio Brasileiro S.A. Primary Aluminium Production  51  1 464  114  -  12 654  312  111  145  1 172 
ALUNORTE - Alumina do Norte do Brasil S.A. Alumina Refinery  62  2 157  161  -  25 719  3 262  353  717  (928) 
Hydro Aluminium Holdings Ltda Holding Company  100  -  -  -  102  170  23  39  (34) 
Atlas Alumínio S.A. Holding Company  100  -  -  -  169  537  3  57  777 
Companhia de Alumina do Pará S.A. Planned Alumina Refinery  100  -  -  -  -  (24)  -  -  (628) 
Hydro Extrusion Brasil S.A. Precision Tubing Production  -  861  40  13 848  2 458  50  36  15  (224) 
Mineração Paragominas S.A. Bauxite Mining  100  1 665  168  263 607  4 537  301  109  101  2 424 
Norsk Hydro Brasil Ltda. Holding Company  100  413  35  -  296  18  9  7  (496) 
Norsk Hydro Energia Ltda. Power Trading & Energy Services  100  16  6  -  3 020  (23)  (9)  16  (11) 
Hydro Enerein Ltda. Power Trading & Energy Services  100  -  -  -  540  (34)  (16)  3  (26) 
Jurisdiction Legal entity Description of the entity's activity
Ownership 
December 31, 
2025
Number of 
permanent 
employees 
December 31, 
2025 ¹⁾
Number of 
temporary 
employees 
December 31, 
2025 ¹⁾
Interest paid to 
Hydro legal 
entities in another 
jurisdiction, NOK 
thousand
Revenue, NOK 
million ²⁾
Income before 
tax, NOK 
million ³⁾
Income taxes, 
NOK million ⁴⁾
Income taxes 
paid, NOK 
million ⁵⁾
Retained 
earnings, NOK 
million ⁶⁾
Country-by-country report Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 285

[page 286]
Total Brazil  6 576  524  277 455  49 496  4 569  619  1 101  2 026 
Canada Hydro Aluminium Canada & Co. Ltd. ⁸⁾ Holding Company  100  -  -  6 908  3 444  (78)  (31)  64  1 310 
Hydro Aluminium Canada Inc. Holding Company  100  2  -  -  -  1  (3)  -  30 
Hydro Extrusion Canada Inc. Extrusion Production  100  532  10  927  2 713  176  41  43  754 
Total Canada  534  10  7 835  6 157  98  7  108  2 094 
China Hydro Aluminium Beijing Ltd Sales and Marketing  100  10  -  -  2 740  42  14  23  162 
Hydro Building Systems (Beijing) Co. Ltd. Sales and Marketing  100  18  2  -  54  6  -  -  (114) 
Hydro Aluminium Fabrication (Taicang) Co. Ltd Precision Tubing Production  -  372  4  -  831  71  15  26  459 
Hydro Precision Tubing Suzhou Co. Ltd -  -  400  -  -  1 333  (141)  -  5  (52) 
Sapa Extrusion (Jiangyin) Co. Ltd -  -  -  -  -  -  2  -  -  - 
Hycast Technology Shanghai Co., Ltd Research & Development  100  3  -  -  28  (1)  -  -  (1) 
Total China  803  6  -  4 986  (21)  28  54  454 
Croatia Hydro Building Systems Croatia d.o.o. Sales and Marketing  -  12  -  14  -  -  -  -  2 
Total Croatia  12  -  14  -  -  -  -  2 
Czech Republic Hydro Building Systems Czechia sro Building Systems Production  -  10  -  6  -  -  -  -  2 
Total Czech Republic  10  -  6  -  -  -  -  2 
Denmark Hydro Extrusion Denmark A/S Extrusion Production  -  248  5  7 936  1 732  8  (4)  -  412 
Hydro Holding Denmark A/S Holding Company  100  -  -  51  -  (18)  (4)  -  1 719 
Hydro Precision Tubing Tønder A/S Precision Tubing Production  100  430  19  2 227  1 888  (2)  (1)  -  538 
Total Denmark  678  24  10 214  3 620  (12)  (9)  -  2 669 
Estonia Hydro Extrusion Baltics OÜ Extrusion Production  100  7  -  -  8  1  -  -  21 
Total Estonia  7  -  -  8  1  -  -  21 
Finland Hydro Extrusion Finland Oy Extrusion Production  -  9  -  -  15  (2)  -  1  27 
Total Finland  9  -  -  15  (2)  -  1  27 
France Extrusion Services Sarl Recycling  -  45  2  295  1 125  18  11  5  299 
Hydro Building Systems France Sarl Building Systems Production  -  951  36  -  3 712  144  48  12  624 
Hydro Extrusion Albi SAS Extrusion Production  100  218  3  23  1 045  19  6  -  122 
Hydro Extrusion Lucé/Châteauroux SAS Extrusion Production  100  227  6  9 134  852  (140)  (19)  1  (364) 
Hydro Extrusion Puget SAS Extrusion Production  100  127  5  1 139  558  (78)  2  (3)  (106) 
Hydro Holding France SAS Holding Company  100  5  -  -  -  169  (60)  13  (369) 
Hydro Tool Center SAS Tool and Spare Parts Services  100  5  -  509  52  1  -  -  6 
Hydro Shared Services France Shared Services  100  7  2  -  1  -  -  -  6 
Jurisdiction Legal entity Description of the entity's activity
Ownership 
December 31, 
2025
Number of 
permanent 
employees 
December 31, 
2025 ¹⁾
Number of 
temporary 
employees 
December 31, 
2025 ¹⁾
Interest paid to 
Hydro legal 
entities in another 
jurisdiction, NOK 
thousand
Revenue, NOK 
million ²⁾
Income before 
tax, NOK 
million ³⁾
Income taxes, 
NOK million ⁴⁾
Income taxes 
paid, NOK 
million ⁵⁾
Retained 
earnings, NOK 
million ⁶⁾
Country-by-country report Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 286

[page 287]
Hydrovolt France SAS Batteries  100  -  -  -  -  (3)  -  -  (4) 
Total France  1 585  54  11 101  7 344  130  (13)  28  214 
Germany Hydro Extrusion Deutschland GmbH Extrusion Production  -  401  48  -  1 893  (688)  16  -  250 
Hydro Building Systems Extrusion GmbH Building Systems Production  100  108  5  -  826  35  (1)  -  - 
Hydro Extrusion Offenburg GmbH Extrusion Production  100  247  1  -  931  (6)  (2)  -  97 
Hydro Building Systems Germany GmbH Building Systems Production  100  320  19  2 466  1 692  (114)  1  -  148 
Hydro Extrusion Lüdenscheid GmbH Extrusion Production  100  182  6  -  1 036  (134)  3  -  15 
Eugen Notter GmbH Building Systems Production  100  25  2  -  29  (1)  -  -  34 
Hydro Aluminium Deutschland GmbH Holding Company  100  77  -  -  (13)  114  (69)  (47)  3 112 
Hydro Holding Offenburg GmbH Holding Company  100  51  -  -  29  (33)  274  (15)  (1 277) 
Hydro Building Systems Lüdenscheid GmbH Sales and Marketing  100  153  3  322  639  (95)  (75)  -  (131) 
Hydro Building Systems Coating GmbH Building Systems Production  100  83  4  121  105  (8)  7  -  15 
Hydro Aluminium Gießerei Rackwitz GmbH Recycling  100  88  4  -  1 604  (93)  (2)  -  124 
Hydro Aluminium High Purity GmbH High-Purity Aluminium Production  100  60  2  -  292  (19)  11  -  62 
VAW-Innwerk Unterstützungs-Gesellschaft GmbH Pension Fund  80  -  -  -  -  46  4  -  77 
Hydro Aluminium Recycling Deutschland GmbH Recycling  100  23  4  -  432  (34)  (1)  -  107 
Total Germany  1 818  98  2 909  9 494  (1 031)  167  (61)  2 633 
Greece Hydro Building Systems A.E. Building Systems Production  100  -  -  -  -  31  -  -  (1) 
Total Greece  -  -  -  -  31  -  -  (1) 
Hungary Hydro Extrusion Hungary Kft.
Extrusion Production and Shared 
Services  100  1 619  20  58 311  2 591  (195)  68  74  (134) 
Alumetal Group Hungary Kft. Recycling  100  89  -  7 890  766  (124)  (3)  (2)  (34) 
Total Hungary  1 708  20  66 200  3 357  (319)  65  73  (167) 
India Hydro BS India Private Limited Precision Tubing Production  -  258  3  -  163  28  (8)  -  28 
Total India  258  3  -  163  28  (8)  -  28 
Italy Hydro Aluminium Metal Products S.r.l. Sales and Marketing  100  2  -  -  5  1  -  -  25 
Hydro Building Systems Italy S.p.a. Building Systems Production  100  190  -  -  944  49  (2)  3  (258) 
Hydro Extrusion Italy S.r.l. -  -  242  7  339  1 651  (68)  (21)  3  118 
Hydro Building Systems Atessa S.r.l. Building Systems Production  100  158  -  -  1 109  8  (1)  -  181 
Total Italy  592  7  339  3 709  (10)  (24)  5  66 
Japan Hydro Aluminium Japan KK Sales and Marketing  100  4  -  -  138  2  1  10  75 
Total Japan  4  -  -  138  2  1  10  75 
Jurisdiction Legal entity Description of the entity's activity
Ownership 
December 31, 
2025
Number of 
permanent 
employees 
December 31, 
2025 ¹⁾
Number of 
temporary 
employees 
December 31, 
2025 ¹⁾
Interest paid to 
Hydro legal 
entities in another 
jurisdiction, NOK 
thousand
Revenue, NOK 
million ²⁾
Income before 
tax, NOK 
million ³⁾
Income taxes, 
NOK million ⁴⁾
Income taxes 
paid, NOK 
million ⁵⁾
Retained 
earnings, NOK 
million ⁶⁾
Country-by-country report Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 287

[page 288]
Lithuania Hydro Building Systems Lithuania UAB Sales and Marketing  100  9  -  -  -  2  -  -  37 
Total Lithuania  9  -  -  -  2  -  -  37 
Luxembourg Hydro Aluminium Clervaux S.A. Recycling  100  64  1  -  1 730  46  12  10  250 
Total Luxembourg  64  1  -  1 730  46  12  10  250 
Mexico Hydro Precision Tubing Manufacturing Monterrey 
S.de R.L. de C.V. Precision Tubing Production  100  180  -  3  178  14  5  6  126 
Hydro Precision Tubing Reynosa S.de R.L. de C.V.
Extrusion and Precision Tubing 
Production  100  290  15  -  207  14  7  5  74 
Total Mexico  470  15  3  385  28  11  11  200 
Morocco Hydro Building Systems France SARL (Branch) Building Systems Production  100  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (7) 
Total Morocco  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (7) 
Netherlands Hydro Aluminium Brasil Investment B.V. Holding Company  100  -  -  -  -  168  68  25  (150) 
Hydro Albras B.V. Holding Company  100  -  -  36  -  415  54  20  361 
Enerein Holding B.V. Holding Company  100  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
Norsk Hydro Holland B.V. Holding Company  -  7  -  -  30  2 819  77  66  7 825 
Hydro Aluminium Qatalum Holding B.V. Holding Company  100  -  -  -  -  1 422  (2)  -  1 426 
Hydro Aluminium Investment B.V. Holding Company  100  -  -  -  -  50  5  5  45 
Hydro Paragominas B.V. Holding Company  100  -  -  -  -  1  -  -  1 
Hydro Extrusion Netherlands B.V. Extrusion Production  -  550  15  -  2 723  (29)  (23)  -  1 091 
Hydro Building Systems Netherlands B.V. Building Systems Production  100  6  -  -  -  (1)  -  -  10 
Hydro Aluminium Pará B.V. Holding Company  100  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  481 
Total Netherlands  563  15  36  2 754  4 845  179  116  11 091 
Norway Hycast AS Research & Development  100  69  1  -  446  38  8  -  228 
Hydro Aluminium AS Primary Aluminium Production  100  3 095  885  511 263  69 350  10 824  2 044  1 676  34 640 
Hydro Energi AS Hydro Power Production  100  268  14  744  11 300  4 106  1 757  1 444  11 035 
Hydro Energi Invest AS Holding Company  100  -  -  6 764  -  (23)  15  4  (1 227) 
HEI Anode AS Batteries  100  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
Hydrovolt AS Batteries  100  75  1  -  61  (117)  (106)  -  (293) 
Hydro Extruded Solutions AS Holding Company  100  48  2  345 059  -  (1 464)  (128)  5  (1 926) 
Hydro Extrusion Norway AS Extrusion Production  -  96  9  -  508  2  1  (1)  87 
Hydro Kapitalforvaltning AS Holding Company  100  4  -  -  16  -  -  1  2 
Hydro Vigelands Brug AS High-Purity Aluminium Production  100  34  2  2 054  127  14  2  -  163 
Hydro REIN Holding AS Renewable Energy  100  -  -  -  119  83  27  42  19 
Jurisdiction Legal entity Description of the entity's activity
Ownership 
December 31, 
2025
Number of 
permanent 
employees 
December 31, 
2025 ¹⁾
Number of 
temporary 
employees 
December 31, 
2025 ¹⁾
Interest paid to 
Hydro legal 
entities in another 
jurisdiction, NOK 
thousand
Revenue, NOK 
million ²⁾
Income before 
tax, NOK 
million ³⁾
Income taxes, 
NOK million ⁴⁾
Income taxes 
paid, NOK 
million ⁵⁾
Retained 
earnings, NOK 
million ⁶⁾
Country-by-country report Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 288

[page 289]
Industriforsikring AS Insurance  100  4  -  -  227  104  30  -  1 025 
Norsk Hydro ASA Parent Company  100  396  12  192  138  6 083  202  14  26 414 
Hydro REIN Norway Holding AS Holding Company  100  -  -  144  -  (13)  (4)  -  4 
Svelgfos AS Power Trading & Energy Services  100  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  1 
Hydro HAVRAND AS Hydrogen  100  -  -  -  -  (133)  (29)  -  (104) 
Total Norway  4 089  926  866 220  82 294  19 504  3 819  3 185  70 068 
Oman Hydro Building Systems Middle East (FZC) LLC Building Systems Production  99  -  -  -  -  1  -  -  - 
Total Oman  -  -  -  -  1  -  -  - 
Poland Hydro Building Systems Poland Sp. z o.o. Building Systems Production  -  39  -  -  37  (4)  -  -  (17) 
Hydro Extrusion Poland Sp.z.o.o. Extrusion Production  -  1 486  -  -  3 243  64  11  (9)  1 328 
Alumetal Poland Sp.z.o.o. Recycling  -  438  -  22 657  4 489  (89)  139  3  1 217 
Alumetal S.A. Recycling  100  60  -  501  50  10  (15)  -  1 675 
T+S sp. z.o.o. Recycling  100  3  -  483  9  2  -  -  21 
Total Poland  2 026  -  23 641  7 827  (17)  136  (6)  4 224 
Portugal Hydro Aluminium Extrusion Portugal HAEP, S.A. Extrusion Production  100  101  21  -  650  7  4  3  119 
Hydro Building Systems Portugal (HBSPT) S.A. Building Systems Production  100  66  1  -  286  35  (16)  6  151 
Total Portugal  167  22  -  935  42  (12)  10  270 
Serbia Hydro Building Systems Beograd d.o.o. Sales and Marketing  100  2  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
Total Serbia  2  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
Saudi-Arabia Hydro Extruded Solutions AS (Branch) -  -  -  -  -  -  1  -  -  1 
Total Saudi-Arabia  -  -  -  -  1  -  -  1 
Singapore Hydro Aluminium Asia Pte. Ltd. Trading  -  20  -  17  15 204  171  29  13  586 
Hydro Holding Singapore Pte Ltd Wholesale trade of goods, and  100  11  -  23  70  40  -  -  (310) 
Total Singapore  31  -  41  15 275  211  29  13  276 
Slovakia Hydro Extrusion Slovakia a.s. Extrusion Production  100  362  1  -  904  (5)  2  (4)  35 
Slovalco a.s. Recycling  55  183  -  -  1 270  109  (6)  (25)  299 
ZSNP DA, s.r.o. Transportation  55  -  -  -  2  1  -  -  1 
Total Slovakia  545  1  -  2 176  105  (4)  (29)  335 
South Africa Technal Systems South Africa (Pty) Ltd In Liquidation / Under termination  100  -  -  -  -  12  -  -  (1) 
Total South Africa  -  -  -  -  12  -  -  (1) 
Spain Hydro Aluminium Iberia S.A.U Recycling  100  81  -  -  1 629  58  194  27  913 
Hydro Building Systems Spain S.L.U. Building Systems Production  100  269  2  -  873  (30)  4  (2)  (25) 
Jurisdiction Legal entity Description of the entity's activity
Ownership 
December 31, 
2025
Number of 
permanent 
employees 
December 31, 
2025 ¹⁾
Number of 
temporary 
employees 
December 31, 
2025 ¹⁾
Interest paid to 
Hydro legal 
entities in another 
jurisdiction, NOK 
thousand
Revenue, NOK 
million ²⁾
Income before 
tax, NOK 
million ³⁾
Income taxes, 
NOK million ⁴⁾
Income taxes 
paid, NOK 
million ⁵⁾
Retained 
earnings, NOK 
million ⁶⁾
Country-by-country report Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 289

[page 290]
Hydro Extrusion Spain S.A. Extrusion Production  100  326  10  -  1 731  70  38  (5)  946 
Hydro Torija, S.L.U. Recycling and Sales  100  -  -  -  9  9  2  -  79 
Total Spain  676  12  -  4 241  107  238  20  1 913 
Sweden Hydro Building Systems Sweden AB Building Systems Production  100  118  -  30  771  44  -  -  15 
Hydro Extruded Solutions AB Business Management  100  40  -  1 521  1  (1 070)  36  37  1 676 
Hydro Extrusion Sweden AB Extrusion Production  100  756  5  -  3 298  (52)  (4)  (2)  (477) 
Total Sweden  914  5  1 551  4 070  (1 078)  33  35  1 213 
Switzerland Hydro Aluminium International SA Sales and Marketing  100  17  -  3 281  29 839  129  32  71  431 
Hydro Building Systems Switzerland AG Building Systems Production  100  40  2  -  523  94  15  12  103 
Total Switzerland  57  2  3 281  30 362  223  47  83  534 
Turkey Hydro Yapi Sistem Sanayi VE Ticaret AS Sales and Marketing  100  24  1  329  148  3  -  -  - 
Total Turkey  24  1  329  148  3  -  -  - 
United Arab Emirates Hydro Building Systems Middle East FZCO Sales and Marketing  100  45  -  685  137  (31)  (5)  -  (25) 
Total United Arab Emirates  45  -  685  137  (31)  (5)  -  (25) 
United Kingdom Hydro Aluminium Deeside Ltd. Recycling  100  57  1  -  1 396  52  14  -  485 
Hydro Building Systems UK Limited Building Systems Production  100  104  -  503  484  (44)  -  -  245 
Hydro Aluminium UK Limited Extrusion Production  100  448  2  -  1 656  (452)  17  -  (544) 
Hydro Holdings UK Limited Pension Fund  100  1  -  -  1  1  -  -  76 
Total United Kingdom  610  3  503  3 537  (442)  31  -  262 
USA EMC Ashtabula, Inc Dormant  100  -  -  -  -  (5)  1  -  (2 820) 
EMC Metals Inc Dormant  100  -  -  -  -  (22)  (1)  -  502 
Hydro Aluminium Metals USA, LLC Sales and Marketing  100  235  -  -  10 437  (153)  (5)  -  (1 097) 
Hydro Building Systems North America LLC Sales and Marketing  100  -  -  -  13  -  1  -  - 
Hydro Extrusion Portland, Inc. Extrusion Production  100  328  -  -  2 281  2  26  -  (399) 
Hydro Extrusion USA LLC Business Management  100  4 704  15  -  27 770  547  447  1  1 658 
Hydro Holding North America, Inc. Holding Company  100  -  -  66 390  -  (66)  (368)  52  3 783 
Norsk Hydro USA LLC Public Affairs  100  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
Hydro Precision Tubing Louisville Inc. Dormant  100  -  -  -  -  (1)  -  -  - 
Hydro Precision Tubing Monterrey LLC Branch (PE)  100  -  -  -  656  53  (4)  -  549 
Hydro Precision Tubing USA LLC Precision Tubing Production  -  254  -  -  2 104  79  (19)  -  (421) 
Norsk Hydro North America LLC -  -  -  -  -  1  -  -  -  - 
Total USA  5 521  15  66 390  43 262  435  78  54  1 755 
Jurisdiction Legal entity Description of the entity's activity
Ownership 
December 31, 
2025
Number of 
permanent 
employees 
December 31, 
2025 ¹⁾
Number of 
temporary 
employees 
December 31, 
2025 ¹⁾
Interest paid to 
Hydro legal 
entities in another 
jurisdiction, NOK 
thousand
Revenue, NOK 
million ²⁾
Income before 
tax, NOK 
million ³⁾
Income taxes, 
NOK million ⁴⁾
Income taxes 
paid, NOK 
million ⁵⁾
Retained 
earnings, NOK 
million ⁶⁾
Country-by-country report Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 290

[page 291]
Total Eliminations, non-controlling 
interests, goodwill and excess values 
not attributable to specific legal 
entities
-89 405 -13 631 -24 0 -54 596
Total joint operations and joint  168  (274)  -  -  12 773 
Total Hydro  31 618  1 782  1 352 004  207 971  13 721  5 417  4 789  59 914 
Jurisdiction Legal entity Description of the entity's activity
Ownership 
December 31, 
2025
Number of 
permanent 
employees 
December 31, 
2025 ¹⁾
Number of 
temporary 
employees 
December 31, 
2025 ¹⁾
Interest paid to 
Hydro legal 
entities in another 
jurisdiction, NOK 
thousand
Revenue, NOK 
million ²⁾
Income before 
tax, NOK 
million ³⁾
Income taxes, 
NOK million ⁴⁾
Income taxes 
paid, NOK 
million ⁵⁾
Retained 
earnings, NOK 
million ⁶⁾
1 Number of employees is based on the legal entity each employee is employed by. This might differ from number of employees by country of work, which is reported in the notes on Own workforce. The numbers are per 31 December, 2025.
2 Revenue consists of external and internal revenue from sales of products and services, and realized and unrealized results from derivatives related to sale of products. Elimination of sale to other Hydro companies is presented on a combined basis in “Eliminations”. Revenue in this report equals revenue in 
Hydro’s consolidated financial statements payments include settlement of tax liabilities with tax credits generated from other payments to federal authorities.
3 For the composition of income before tax, please refer to consolidated financial statements and related notes.
4 For a description and the composition of income taxes, please refer to consolidated financial statements and related notes.
5 Income taxes paid represents the actual payments made during the year independent of which year the tax relates to. In some tax regimes including Brazil, tax payments include settlement of tax liabilities with tax credits generated from other payments to federal authorities.
6 Retained earnings consists of accumulated gains and losses, net of distributed profits from the point of view of the legal entity. Retained earnings existing in the companies at the time of Hydro’s acquisition is deducted in “Eliminations”. In addition, “Eliminations” consists of unrealized gains in transactions 
between Hydro companies.
7 Hydro Aluminium Australia Pty Ltd is used to report Hydro’s portion of operations for Tomago Aluminium Company Pty Limited.
8 Hydro Aluminium Canada & Co. Ltd. ss used to report Hydro’s portion of operations for Aluminerie Alouette Inc.
Country-by-country report Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 291

[page 292]
Entity description
In the table above, each company has been given a short description of its main activities. Some of the entities can also have other activities as listed below: 
Short description Main activities
Alumina Refinery Refining of bauxite to alumina. Hydro operates the Alunorte alumina refinery
Bauxite Mining Mining of bauxite, the raw material for aluminium productions. Hydro has only one consolidated bauxite mine
Building Systems Production Production of building systems where aluminium is used
Business Management Coordination and organization of Hydro's business activities
Dies Production Production of dies for extrusion of aluminium profiles
Dormant Hydro operations without business activities in the reporting period
Extrusion Production Includes one or more extrusion production lines and is normally also responsible for sales and marketing of its products. May also have R&D activities
High-Purity Aluminium Production Production of aluminium of minimum 99.99 percent purity
Holding Company Holding & Financing. Holding shares or other equity instruments. Administrative, management or support services
Hydro Power Production Production and operation of hydro power
Hydrogen Developing of hydrogen based on renewable energy
In Liquidation / Under termination Operations in liquidation or under termination
Insurance In-house (captive) insurance
Parent Company A parent company is a company that has a controlling interest in another company
Pension Fund Employee pension fund
Power Trading & Energy Services Trading of power and energy services
Precision Tubing Production Production of extruded aluminium tubes, micro-port aluminium tubes, and welded alumnium tubes
Primary Aluminium Production Includes one or more primary aluminium plant(s), and may also include casting, anode production and/or R&D activities
Public Affairs Hydro's Norway, Brussels and US office
Real Estate Property management and development. Owner of land and infrastructure
Recycling Recycling of post- and pre-consumer scrap
Renewable Energy Planned and ongoing renewable energy productions
Research & Development Research and development activities
Sales and Marketing Sales, marketing and distribution offices
Shared Services Administrative and other support services
Tool and Spare Parts Services Provides tool and spare parts services, in addition to administrative and management support
Trading Sales, marketing and distribution of casthouse aluminium products
Transportation Transport of raw materials by railway train
Country-by-country report Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 292

[page 293]
Board of Directors’ report in relation 
to the Norwegian Code of Practice for 
Corporate Governance
Norsk Hydro ASA (“Hydro” or the “company”) follows the Norwegian code of 
practice for corporate governance (“Norsk Anbefaling for Eierstyring og 
Selskapsledelse”) (the “Code of Practice”) dated August 28, 2025 (the “NUES 
Report” or “Report”). Information that Hydro must provide in accordance with 
the Norwegian Accounting Act, Section 3-3b is also included when this Report 
is read together with the general corporate governance
 report. 
The Board of Directors of Hydro (the “Board”) is committed to high standards 
of  governance. The Code of Practice covers 15 topics, and this Report 
outlines Hydro’s compliance with the Code of Practice and explains any 
deviation. 
Shareholders and other interested parties may note that although the Report 
aims to provide an overview of how the company has organized its corporate 
governance, the Report may refer to more detailed information elsewhere in 
the Integrated Annual Report or on the company’s website. Relevant 
references are included throughout, as and if applicable. 
More detailed information can be found on the company’s website.
Deviations from the Code of Practice 
The Code of Practice follows a comply-or-explain principle, requiring any 
deviation to be justified and the chosen alternative solution described. The 
Board has identified three such deviations from the Code of Practice: one 
each from Section 6, 8 and 14. These are explained below and under the 
relevant section of this Report. 
Section 6, General Meeting of Shareholders: 
Hydro has one deviation from this section: “Ensure that the members of the 
Board of Directors ... are present at the General Meeting:” 
The full Board normally does not attend the General Meeting as past agenda 
matters have not required attendance. The Chair always participates 
presenting the Integrated Annual Report and respond shareholder questions. 
All Board members are encouraged to attend. 
Section 8, Board of directors: composition and independence 
Hydro has one deviation from this section: “The General Meeting...should 
elect the chairman of the Board of Directors.” 
It is stated in the Public Limited Liability Companies Act, “Allmennaksjeloven”, 
section 6-1(2) that the Board of Directors shall always elect its chair if it has 
been agreed that the company shall not have a corporate assembly. 
The Board elects its chair for periods of up to two years rather than having the 
Chair elected by the General Meeting. 
Section 14, Takeovers: 
Hydro has one deviation from this section: “The Board of Directors should 
establish guiding principles for how it will act in the event of a takeover bid:” 
The Board has not established general principles for handling takeover bids 
due to the Norwegian state, represented by the Ministry of Trade, Industry and 
Fisheries, ownership of 34.26 percent of the Hydro shares (as of 31.12.2025). 
The Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries has by virtue of the Active 
Ownership Report (Report to the Storting no. 6 (2022-2023) expressed a long-
term ownership perspective in the company for the purpose of retaining a 
leading technology and industrial company with head office functions in 
Norway, c.f. the Active Ownership Report (Report to the Storting no. 6 
(2022-2023) p. 44.
1. Implementation and reporting on corporate governance 
Hydro complies with the latest edition of the Norwegian Code of Practice and 
seeks alignment with international best practice standards. The Board actively 
monitors corporate governance believes that robust governance supports 
sustainable value creation for long-term shareholders. 
The Board approved this Report in a Board meeting held on 
12.02.2026, 
through the signing of the Integrated Annual Report. 
2.  Hydro’s business 
Hydro is a global aluminium and renewable energy company, operating across 
the value chain, from bauxite, alumina and energy generation to the 
production of primary aluminium and extruded products as well as recycling. 
Headquartered in Norway, Hydro employs approximately 32,000 permanent 
employees involved in 40 countries on all continents. A more detailed 
description of Hydro’s business is found in the Integrated Annual Report 
section Our Business
. 
The company’s objective is to engage in industry, commerce, and transport, to 
utilize energy resources and raw materials, and to engage in other activities 
connected with this purpose. Hydro is committed to creating value by taking a 
lead role in the green transition. Through this, the company works to 
strengthen local community relations, communities and business partners 
through education and empowerment. Hydro prioritizes safety and aims for an 
injury-free work environment. The company’s business activities may also be 
conducted through participation in or in cooperation with other companies. 
The Board is responsible for the company’s value creation and sets and 
monitors the company’s objectives, strategies and risk profiles, which are 
reviewed at least annually. The Board’s strategic decisions guide the 
company’s executive management to prepare and execute investments and 
structural measures. Read more about the work of the Board under section 9 
(The work of the Board of Directors”).
Hydro’s Articles of Association are available at Hydro.com/governance
.
3. Equity and dividend
Hydro’s equity capital is considered appropriate for its strategy and risk profile. 
Hydro’s dividend policy reflects Hydro’s ambitions to lift performance and cash 
returns to shareholders over the cycle. The dividend policy is to pay out a 
minimum of 50 percent of adjusted net income over the cycle with a NOK 1.25 
per share dividend floor. Hydro has a target for adjusted net debt of around 
NOK 25 billion over the cycle. In the Board’s opinion, the dividend policy in 
combination with the capital structure target is clear and predictable. See also 
Note 7.1 to the financial statements for more information on capital 
management and cash management. The dividend per share is proposed by 
NUES Report Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 293

[page 294]
the Board, based on Hydro’s dividend policy, and approved by the General 
Meeting. In 2025, a dividend of NOK 2,25 per share was approved. 
The Board may seek authorization from the General Meeting to buy back 
Hydro shares or to increase the share capital for defined purposes. Mandates 
granted to the Board to increase the company’s share capital or to purchase 
own shares will normally be intended for a defined purpose, in line with 
statutory regulation, and limited in time to no later than the date of the next 
Annual General Meeting. 
Learn more about Hydro’s equity and dividend policy in the Hydro share
 
section. 
4. Equal treatment of shareholders 
Hydro has one share class with equal rights for all shareholders. To the extent 
that a shareholder’s pre-emptive right is waived in a capital increase, this must 
be clearly stated and published. The explanation must specify how equal 
treatment of shareholders is ensured. 
Transactions involving own shares are normally executed at market rates. As 
of December 31, 2025, there are no active share buy-back programs in Hydro.
Sales of shares to employees in Norway are conducted at a discount to 
market value. See also Item 6. 
Regulation of share issues and pre-emptive rights are described in the 
company’s Articles of Association. 
For the company’s related party transactions, the mandatory regulations in the 
Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act §§3-9 and 3-10 following are 
supplemented by IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) 
standards. See also section 9
. 
State ownership 
As 
of December 31, 2025, the Norwegian state, represented by the Ministry of 
Trade, Industry and Fisheries, owned 34.26 percent of Hydro’s total issued 
shares. Regular meetings with the Ministry are held, ensuring compliance with 
equal treatment regulations. These meetings are comparable to what is 
customary between a private company and its principal shareholders. As a 
shareholder, the Norwegian state as a main rule does not have access to 
more information than what is available to other shareholders. If state 
participation is imperative and the government must seek approval from the 
Norwegian parliament (No: Stortinget), it may be necessary to provide the 
Ministry with “inside information”, c.f. the EU Market Abuse Regulation (EU 
596/2014). Whether this is required will always be carefully evaluated on a 
case-by-case basis. In such event the state is subject to the rules and 
regulations regarding the handling of such information. 
Learn more about major shareholders in the Hydro share
 information section 
and sale of the Hydro share to employees in Note 9.2 Employee remuneration 
to the consolidated financial statements. Hydro’s Code of Conduct can be 
found on Hydro.com/principles. Hydro’s Articles of Association can be found 
on Hydro.com/governance. See also Note 9.1 Related party information to the 
consolidated financial statements. 
5. Freely negotiable shares 
The Hydro share is freely negotiable with no voting restrictions. The shares 
are actively traded on the Oslo Stock Exchange.
 Major shareholders include 
the Norwegian state, represented by the Ministry of Trade, Industry and 
Fisheries, owned 34.26 percent of Hydro’s shares, while the Government 
Pension Fund Norway owned 7,24 percent. Shareholding is based on 
information from the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary (VPS) as of 
December 31, 2025. Due to lending of shares, an investor’s holdings 
registered in its VPS account may vary. 
Learn more about Hydro’s equity and dividend policy on hydro.com
 
(Information for shareholders). 
6. General meeting of shareholders 
The General Meeting of shareholders is Hydro’s highest governing body. 
Company shareholders exercise ultimate authority through the General 
Meeting. Shareholders registered on the fifth business day prior to the 
meeting may attend and vote, either in person or by proxy. 
The General meeting adopts the company’s Articles of Association.The 
General Meeting elects the shareholders representatives of the Board sets 
their the remuneration. Further it elects the company’s external auditor and 
approves the auditor’s fee and the statutory report and financial statements, 
including the dividend proposed by the Board. It also elects the Nomination 
Committee and determines its remuneration, and addresses any other matters 
listed in the notice. Shareholders may request items or proposals for 
resolutions to be included on the agenda if submitted in writing at least four 
weeks before the ordinary General Meeting. 
The Annual General Meeting on May 9, 2025, was held digitally, allowing 
shareholders to attend, vote and follow the meeting online. A total of 80.02 
percent of the voting share capital was represented. 
Notice to a General Meeting with supporting documents is normally published 
on Hydro.com
 and via stock exchange notice and distributed to the 
shareholders and nominees at least three weeks prior to the meeting. 
The notice outlines participation and voting procedures, proxy arrangements, 
shareholders rights to propose resolutions and provides a link to where 
meeting documents are available.
Hydro’s website provides supplementary information.The Board aims to 
ensure that resolutions and supporting information are sufficiently detailed to 
enable informed decision/making. 
Owners of nominee registered shares that wish to attend the General Meeting 
must notify the company at least two working days in advance to the meeting. 
Shareholders may attend by a written proxy. The Board will nominate a person 
who will vote on behalf of shareholders as their proxy, normally this is the 
Chair of the Board. Advance electronic voting is possible.
The General Meeting votes for each candidate nominated for the Board and 
Nomination Committee. The form of proxy allows shareholders to give specific 
voting instructions. 
General Meetings are chaired by an independent chair. At the Annual General 
Meeting, May 9, 2025, the meeting was chaired by attorney-at-law Anne Lise 
NUES Report Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 294

[page 295]
Ellingsen Gryte from the law firm Wiersholm, whom the Board deemed 
independent. 
Chair of the Board, the Chair of the Nomination Committee, the President and 
CEO, the CFO and the company’s auditor attend all General Meetings. All 
Board members are encouraged to attend.
The notice, appendices and minutes of meeting from the Annual General 
Meeting are available at Hydro.com/generalmeeting
. The minutes of meeting 
are published via stock exchange notice and on Hydro.com/generalmeeting as 
soon as possible after the meeting.
Further information on the General Meeting of shareholders are available at 
Hydro.com/investor. For deviations see the first page of this Report. 
7. Nomination Committee 
Hydro’s Nomination Committee is elected by the General Meeting for up to 
two years. The chair of the Nomination Committee has the overall 
responsibility for the work of the Committee. 
The Committee’s main task is to recommend candidates to the company’s 
General Meeting on the election of shareholder elected members to the Board 
and the Nomination Committee, and propose remuneration to the members 
and deputies of the Board and the Nomination Committee. 
The Nomination Committee consists of three to four members, who are either 
shareholders or shareholder representatives. If the chair resigns during the 
period, the Committee shall elect a new Chair among its members for the 
remainder of the new chair electoral period, c.f. the company’s Articles of 
Association section 5A. 
Guidelines for the Nomination Committee have been approved by the General 
Meeting, and cover preparation of elections, eligibility criteria, the number of 
members and terms of office for which members are elected etc. 
Shareholders may propose candidates for the Nomination Committee at any 
time. To be considered at the next ordinary election, proposals must be 
submitted by the end of November in the year preceding the election. 
The Committee’s recommendations include information on each candidates’ 
background and independence, along with a justification for the proposal. 
These recommendations are normally published together with the notice to 
the Annual General Meeting. 
The Nomination Committee ensures that the interests of the shareholder 
community are considered and that the company’s need for competence, 
capacity and diversity are met. The Committee also take into account relevant 
statutory requirements regarding the composition of the company’s governing 
bodies. 
In line with its mandate, the Nomination Committee is receptive to external 
views and ensures that deadlines for submitting proposals for Committee and 
the Board members are published well in advance on the company’s website. 
The Committee maintains active dialogue with shareholders and seek to 
anchor its recommendation with major shareholders. Shareholders may 
contact the Committee through an electronic form available on the company’s 
website. The Nomination Committee also holds regular discussions with Board 
members. 
All members of the Committee are independent of Hydro’s Board of Directors, 
CEO and other executive management. The Norwegian state, as the largest 
shareholder, is represented by Muriel Bjørseth Hansen from the Ministry of 
Trade, Industry and Fisheries. The Government Pension Fund Norway 
(Folketrygdfondet) is represented by Karl Mathisen. Further information on the 
composition of the company’s Nomination Committee is available on the 
company’s website. 
Information on Hydro’s Articles of Association, the Nomination Committee and 
its members including the guidelines for the Committee, can be found on 
Hydro.com/governance
. This is also where nominations to the Committee can 
be submitted electronically.
8. Board of Directors - composition and independence
Detailed information about each Board member can be found on hydro.com. 
All Board members are to the Board’s best assessment independent of 
executive management and material business relationships. 
In compliance with Section 5 of Hydro’s Articles of Association, the Board shall 
consist of nine to twelve members. The employee-elected Board members are 
elected by and among the company’s employees in Norway. The General 
Meeting determines the remuneration for Board members and deputies. 
The Nomination Committee seeks a board composition that protects 
shareholder interests and ensures the necessary expertise, capacity and 
diversity. Emphasis is placed on complementary competencies and the 
Board’s ability to function effectively as a collegiate body. 
As of December 31, 2025, the Board had 11 members. Seven are elected by 
the General Meeting. Four are elected by employees in Norway. Shareholder 
elected members serve terms of up to two years. All shareholder elected 
Board members are external. Employee elected members are not part of the 
company’s executive management and hold no contractual agreements 
beyond their employee contracts. All shareholder elected members were 
deemed to be independent under Norwegian standards in 2025. 
Board members are encouraged to own shares in the company. As of 
December 31, 2025 the Board collectively held
 96,576shares in Norsk Hydro 
ASA. Hydro does not have a share purchase program for the Board members, 
except for employee representatives, who may participate in the Norwegian 
employee share purchase scheme. All transactions comply with the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act and appurtenant regulations. 
The Annual General Meeting on May 10, 2022 resolved to discontinue the 
Corporate Assembly. More information is available on hydro.com. Under 
section 611(2) of the Public Limited Liability Companies Act (No: 
“Allmennaksjeloven”) the Board shall elect its own chair when no corporate 
assembly exists. The Board elects its chair and where applicable its deputy 
chair for terms of up to two years. 
Information on Board members and their independence is disclosed in the 
Corporate governance section, and in Hydro’s Articles of Association available 
on Hydro.com. 
For deviations see the first page of this Report. 
NUES Report Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 295

[page 296]
9. The work of the Board of Directors  
The Board is responsible for Hydro’s value creation, and sets and monitors the 
company’s objectives, strategy and risk profile. Sustainability considerations 
are integrated into all strategic discussions and closely linked to the 
company’s long-term value creation. 
The Board conducts its work in accordance with the 
Rules of Procedures for 
the Board of Directors of Norsk Hydro ASA, which clarify the division of 
responsibilities between the Board and the President and CEO. 
The Board represents and is accountable to all shareholders and pursuant to 
the Public Limited Liability Companies Act section 6-12 and 6-13, holds overall 
responsibility for the stewardship of the company and the supervision of day to 
day management. 
The Board follows an annual work plan with emphasis on objectives, strategy 
and execution. Recurring topics include strategy reviews, business planning, 
risk and compliance oversight, financial reporting, people strategy and 
succession planning as well as health and safety, and sustainability matters. 
The Board also monitors the market and macroeconomic and geopolitical 
developments relevant for the aluminium and renewable energy industry.
Board matters are prepared by the President and CEO in collaboration with 
the Chair. The Chair is responsible for ensuring high quality, well organized 
Board work and for fostering an environment of open and constructive 
dialogue. 
Hydro maintains Directors and Officers Liability Insurance covering Board 
members, the CEO and employees in a managerial roles across the group. 
The insurance policy is issued by a reputable insurer with an appropriate 
rating. 
Since 2001, Hydro has had two Board sub-committees: the Board Audit 
Committee and the Board People and Remuneration Committee. Their 
mandate are established in accordance with the Rules of Procedures for the 
Board of Directors and are available on Hydro.com.
Board People and Remuneration Committee 
The Committee consists of three Board members. It assists the Board in 
overseeing compensation matters related to the President & CEO and the 
Executive Leadership Team, as well as broader remuneration issues and 
strategic people processes including succession, leadership development, 
talent management, and diversity and inclusion. 
The Committee shall regularly review the appropriateness and 
competitiveness of the remuneration arrangements.
Members: Rune Bjerke (Chair), Kristin Fejerskov Kragseth, and Arve Baade. 
Board Audit Committee 
The Board Audit Committee consists of four Board members and meets the 
Norwegian requirements for independence and competence. All shareholder-
elected members are deemed independent of the company. The Committee 
assists the Board in overseeing the integrity of financial and sustainability 
reporting, the financial and sustainability reporting processes, internal 
controls, the system of risk management, key risks and the compliance 
framework. It also oversees the qualifications, independence and performance 
of the external auditor and Hydro’s internal audit function. 
The Board Audit Committee maintains a pre-approval policy governing all 
audit and non-audit services to Hydro and its subsidiaries. The policy defines 
and pre-approves subcategories of audit and non-audit services including 
setting annual monetary frames for the services audit, audit related services 
and other not related to financial audit and tax.
All services provided by the external auditor shall be pre-approved and the 
reported fees fall within the established monetary frames. 
To ensure the independence of the internal audit function, the Chief Audit 
Executive reports to the Board through the Board Audit Committee. The Chief 
Audit Executive presents the audit plan and annual report for approval, 
participates in all Board Audit Committee meetings and provide quarterly 
update on audit activities and alert management. The Chief Compliance 
Officer has a dotted reporting line to the Board Audit Committee.
Members: Marianne Wiinholt (Chair), Philip New, Espen Gundersen and Bjørn 
Petter Moxnes.1
Conflicts of interests and disqualification 
Hydro’s Code of Conduct contains guidelines for how potential conflicts of 
interests should be managed and applies to all Board members and 
employees. It is the opinion of the Board that no material transactions 
occurred in 2025 between the group and its shareholders, Board members, 
Executive Leadership Team or related parties in 2025, except those described 
under Item 8. 
If the Chair is or has been actively involved in a matter such as mergers or 
acquisitions, another Board member will normally lead the Board’s discussions 
on that particular case. 
The Rules of Procedures stipulate that any Board member holding key 
position in companies with competing activities may not participate in 
discussions or decisions involving competition-sensitive issues. Board 
members are required to continually assess circumstances that could affect 
confidence in his or her independence, and to ensure proper handling of 
transactions involving closely related parties. 
Board self-assessment 
The Board normally conducts an annual self-assessment of its work, 
competence and cooperation with management, including a separate 
assessment of the Chair. The Board Audit Committee and the Board People 
and Remuneration Committee also perform annual self-assessment. The 
results are submitted to the Nomination Committee, which evaluates the 
Board’s composition and competence. The 2025 self-assessment was 
facilitated by the corporate advisory firm Spencer Stuart. 
NUES Report Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 296
1 Moxnes is employed in Hydro and represents the employees through the Central Cooperative Council. We believe that such reliance does not adversely affect, in any material way, the ability of the Board Audit Committee to act independently or to satisfy the other requirements.

[page 297]
Information about the Board, its committees, and the members’ competence is 
provided in the Corporate governance section. Rules of Procedures of the 
Board of Directors are available at Hydro.com/Corporate governance/
Governance bodies. 
10. Internal Control and Risk Management
The Board is responsible for ensuring sound internal controls and appropriate 
risk management systems. This is exercised trough regular follow-up and 
deep dives aligned with Board Audit Committee’s annual plan, covering key 
risk areas across the company. 
Hydro’s internal control system encompasses all global governing documents, 
including the Code of Conduct and requirement related to HSE. Additional 
information on Hydro’s internal controls and risk management systems is 
available on Hydro.com
. 
The Chief Audit Executive reports directly to the Board and is for 
administrative purposes placed under the Chief Financial Officer (CFO). 
Hydro’s internal audit function is described in the Business conduct 
chapter. 
10.1 Internal Control 
Hydro’s internal control over financial reporting and sustainability reporting 
(ICFR and ICSR) is aligned with the COSO 2013 Internal Controls Integrated 
Framework, which consists of five interrelated components and 17 relevant 
principles that must be present and functioning. The five elements are: Control 
Environment, Risk Assessment, Control Activities, Information and 
Communication, and Monitoring Activities. 
Hydro’s overall control environment for financial reporting is governed by 
Hydro’s Global Governing Documents and reflects the tone set by the Board 
and executive management. This includes a common set of shared attitudes, 
ethics, and values across the organization. 
Group Accounting and Reporting (GAR), on behalf of the CFO, holds 
governing responsibility for processes related to financial and sustainability 
reporting, ICFR and ICSR. Further information on Hydro’s ICSR framework is 
provided in the Sustainability Statement
Hydro’s ICFR framework is designed to provide reasonable assurance to 
management and the Board regarding the preparation and fair presentation of 
our financial statements. The ICFR framework is implemented through a risk-
based and top-down approach, that ensures appropriate organization of the 
financial reporting, adequate control across processes, activities, accounts, 
and management levels. 
An annual financial reporting risk assessment is conducted as part of Hydro’s 
ICFR annual wheel. This assessment considers internal and external factors 
impacting the financial reporting and results in identification of Hydro’s 
Financial Reporting Risks (HFRR) which are reported to the CFO and Board 
Audit Committee. The risk assessment is dynamic and updated as risk factors 
evolve. Control are implemented at multiple levels to mitigate identified risks 
including IT and application controls (ITGC), process-level controls, review 
controls, and entity-level controls. Control design is considered effective when 
inherent risks are mitigated. When gaps are identified, remedial actions may 
include implementation of new controls, redesign of current controls and/or 
exclusion of obsolete controls from the ICFR design. 
The monitoring of ICFR control design and operational effectiveness is 
conducted through self-assessments, testing of controls under a global 
monitoring plan, and evaluation of deficiencies identified through the financial 
reporting process. 
Hydro’s Disclosure Committee assists the President & CEO and the CFO in 
ensuring fairness, accuracy, completeness, and timeliness of Hydro’s public 
reports and disclosures. The Disclosure Committee forms an integral 
component of Hydro’s disclosure controls and procedures, assessing 
effectiveness, identifying deficiencies and recommending compliance 
initiatives related to ICFR. It reports quarterly to the Board Audit Committee, 
which plays an active role in overseeing the ICFR framework. The Board also 
meets regularly with the external auditor without members of the Executive 
Leadership Team present. 
10.2 Enterprise Risk Management 
An overview of Hydro’s system of risk management and key risks can be 
found in the section on enterprise risk management
. More information on 
Hydro’s governance principles can be found at Hydro.com/principles. 
11. Remuneration of the Board of Directors 
Shareholder elected Board members perform no duties for the company other 
than their board responsibilities. 
Remuneration is determined by the General Meeting, based on 
recommendations from the Nomination Committee. The Nomination 
Committee aims to ensure that the compensation reflects the Board’s 
responsibility, competence, time commitment and the company’s complexity 
and global operations, and is aligned with the general level of directors’ fees in 
Norway. Board remuneration is not performance-based and does not include 
shares or share options. 
All elements of Board remuneration are described in the Management 
remuneration report. See also Hydro’s Articles of Association. 
12. Remuneration of the executive management 
The Board has established a remuneration policy for the Executive Leadership 
Team. The policy states that compensation shall be competitive, but not 
market leading, and in line with good local industry standards. 
Where appropriate, compensation packages may include a performance-
based component. Hydro’s performance-based incentive schemes are 
designed to support the long-term strategic agenda and promote sustainable 
operations, using balanced scorecards linked to key aspects of Hydro’s 
strategy. Plans are designed to be simple, transparent and based on 
measurable, and influenceable criteria. Performance-based compensation for 
new Executive Leadership Team members is  capped in accordance with the 
Norwegian government’s guidelines on executive remuneration. 
The company’s long-term incentive program is share based with a lock-in 
period of three years. Hydro has no share option scheme. 
NUES Report Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 297

[page 298]
The remuneration policy was first approved by the 2021 Annual General 
Meeting with a revised policy approved on May 7, 2024. The policy is available 
on Hydro’s website. A management remuneration report for 2025 will be 
presented to the 2026 Annual General Meeting for an advisory vote. 
Hydro’s remuneration policy is available on Hydro.com
. Full details of 
remuneration of management are described in the Management remuneration 
report. The employee share purchase plan is described in Note 9.2 Employee 
remuneration to the financial statement. 
13. Information and communications 
Hydro’s corporate culture is founded on transparency and respect. Operate 
effectively in both the Norwegian and international markets and internationally 
requires consistent and professional communication. Hydro adheres to the 
principles of transparency, honesty and accountability in all stakeholder 
interactions. 
Hydro has established a global governing document for accounting and 
financial reporting. Our principles for sustainability reporting are presented in 
the General information
 section of the sustainability statement. Our approach 
to reporting is based on transparency and the requirement for equal treatment 
of all players in the securities market, including in communication with 
shareholders outside of the general meetings of shareholders. 
Shareholder information is available on Hydro.com
. Notice of General 
Meetings are sent directly to shareholders with known addresses unless they 
have consented to electronic delivery, and to nominee accounts holding 
shares on behalf of shareholders. All distributed information is made available 
on Hydro.com. Quarterly presentations and the General Meeting are 
broadcastedvia webcast. All relevant information is sent electronically to the 
Oslo Stock Exchange for public storage. 
Hydro mainatains emergency plans at appropriate organization levels and 
these plans are exercised regularly. Rules governing who may speak on 
behalf of the company are regulated through Hydro’s Code of Conduct. 
A financial calendar is provided in Hydro’s Integrated Annual Report and at 
Hydro.com/investor
, where additional information about webcasts, the Hydro 
share and key legal information for shareholders is available. Hydro’s Code of 
Conduct is available on Hydro.com
. 
14. Takeovers
The Board will handle takeover bids in accordance with Norwegian law and 
the Norwegian Code of Practice for Corporate Governance. Hydro-s Articles of 
Association and underlying governing documents contain no defense 
mechanisms against acquisition offers, and no measures have been 
implemented to restrict the acquisition of shares in the company. See also 
Item 5. 
For deviations see the first page of this section.
15. Auditor 
The external auditor annually presents the main elements of the annual audit 
plan to the Board Audit Committee and participates in all Committee meetings. 
Minutes from these meetings are distributed to all Board members in line with 
the EU audit directive. Each year, the auditor reports on key aspects of the 
audit, including uncorrected audit misstatements and internal control 
weaknesses. The external auditor meets with the Board when the annual 
financial statements are approved, providing an overview of findings and 
recommendations for improvements to Hydro’s internal controls. The Board 
holds meetings with the external auditor without members of the executive 
management present. The external auditor provides a limited assurance 
report over the sustainability statement. 
Hydro places strong emphasis on auditor independence and follows clear 
guidelines in accordance with the EU Audit reform and IESBA independence 
rules. All services from the external auditor, including non-audit services, are 
subject to pre-approval by the Board Audit Committee. This process ensures 
that no prohibited services are is delivered to Hydro or its subsidiaries. The 
external auditor provides the Board Audit Committee with an annual written 
confirmation of independence, and a summary of all non-audit services 
performed. 
Audit remuneration is disclosed in the Integrated Annual Report and presented 
as a separate agenda item for approval by the General Meeting. In 2020, 
following a tender process, the General Meeting resolved to retain KPMG as 
Hydro’s external auditor for the group. KPMG has served as the auditor since 
2010. The Lead Audit Partner has been part of the audit team since 2020 and 
rotates every 7 years. 
See Note 10.4 Auditor’s remuneration
 to the consolidated financial 
statements.
NUES Report Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 298

[page 299]
Disclosures pursuant to the 
Norwegian Equality and Anti-
Discrimination Act
The following sections provide information on the status of diversity and 
inclusion in Hydro, and the activities being undertaken to identify and analyze 
risk of discrimination and to take action to improve our DIB performance, in 
accordance with the requirements in the Norwegian Equality and Anti-
Discrimination Act. This diversity and inclusion report and its references, are 
approved by the Board of Directors. 
Our diversity, inclusion and belonging (DIB) program 
Hydro values diverse perspectives as essential to delivering on its long-term 
strategic agenda. Diversity allows Hydro to think, approach challenges and 
solve problems differently. 
Hydro is committed to providing equitable employment opportunities and 
treating all employees fairly and with respect regardless of primary or 
secondary diversity characteristics. Hydro’s employees and business areas 
shall only use merit, qualifications and other professional criteria as a basis for 
employee-related decisions, such as recruitment, training, performance, 
reward and promotion. Hydro strives to develop programs and actions to 
encourage a diverse organization based on the principle of equitable 
opportunities. Hydro is committed to the principles of non-discrimination and 
does not tolerate any form of harassment or bullying in the workplace. 
Identifying and mitigating DIB risks 
Hydro uses its employee engagement surveys, Hydro Monitor and pulse 
surveys, to identify and monitor risks relating to diversity, inclusion and 
belonging in Hydro. Hydro also uses the internal grievance mechanism 
AlertLine to assess the risk of discrimination and harassment in the 
organization and track relevant employee data from its core employee system. 
Hydro Monitor also allows the company to assess employee engagement and 
psychosocial risk indicators across different demographics, including gender, 
age, role, minority status, and caretaking needs. 
Since 2021, Hydro has measured inclusion through its inclusion index. The 
index consists of eight questions related to diversity, inclusion and belonging, 
obtained through the Hydro monitor and pulse survey. The inclusion index 
score forms one of the CEO KPIs from 2023 measured on an annual basis as 
an improvement score. For 2026, the CEO KPI is linked to leadership.
Hydro’s DIB Policy articulates the company`s principles and commitment for 
diversity, inclusion and belonging. The Executive Leadership Team is 
responsible for overseeing and driving the DIB agenda across the company, 
ensuring accountability at the highest level. A global DIB core team led by 
Hydro`s DIB Lead and supported by a DIB representative from each business 
area is tasked with executing and advancing this agenda. 
To mature Hydro’s work on diversity, inclusion and belonging, the company is 
continuously implementing actions at all levels in the organization across its 
strategic pillars. DIB is embedded in all people processes, including 
recruitment, onboarding, and succession planning, and is included in all 
Hydro’s global employee and leadership development programs. 
Hydro celebrates five diversity days to raise awareness and enhance 
inclusion: International Women’s Day, the International Day for the Elimination 
of Racial Discrimination, Pride, World Mental Health Day, and the International 
Day of People with Disabilities, each sponsored by top management. 
Additionally, employee resource groups, including the Hydro Rainbow 
LGBTQI+ network and Women’s networks, have been established across 
various business areas and headquarters. 
DIB achievements 
• Hydro employees’ perception of inclusion in the 2024 Hydro Monitor 
engagement survey, a semi-annual employment engagement survey. 
• Continuation of the DIB core team collaborating across Hydro with sponsors 
from the Executive Leadership Team. 
• Safeguarding process for DIB ongoing with quarterly dashboards to 
measure improvements. 
• DIB as part of the Hydro Fundamentals course and including deep dive 
learning pathways and workshop material provided to all employees. 
• Several employee-resource groups initiated and developed (e.g. women’s 
networks in many business areas, as well as globally for women in 
operations, mental health, young professionals and LGBTQI+ Rainbow 
Network). 
• Continued focus on mental health and wellbeing. Celebrating World Mental 
Health Day, making mental health and wellbeing our priority in all business 
areas in Courage to Care workshops. 
• Global engagement for the five diversity days. 
• Continued emphasis on DIB as a strategic focus area in the new People 
Strategy for 2030.
Ambitions and performance 
Hydro has worked systematically to increase gender balance in Hydro’s 
operations since its first action plan to promote women employees and 
leaders was adopted in 1997. While Hydro has seen successes in improving 
gender balance at staff positions, challenges remain for operator and 
leadership positions. 
Hydro set new ambitions for diversity, inclusion and belonging in 2030, as 
presented above. Hydro almost met its previously communicated 2025 
ambitions for total share of women employees, with 24.2% women employees 
in Hydro’s overall workforce against the 2025 ambition of 25%. Hydro 
maintains its 2025 ambition of 25% women in Hydro’s leadership positions as 
a 2030 ambition, with 21.1% of leaders being women at year-end 2025. 
The share of women in Hydro’s Board of Directors was 45 percent in 2025. 
With three women among the seven shareholder-elected members and one 
woman among the three employee representatives on the Board of Directors, 
Hydro complies with the Norwegian legal requirements on women 
representation. The proportion of women on Hydro's Executive Leadership 
Team was 56 percent in 2025. See note S1.7
 for details about gender 
distribution in Hydro’s management. 
Hydro recognizes the importance of a good balance between work and other 
aspects of life. For example, Aluminium Metal, which is Hydro’s largest 
business area in Norway, has implemented procedures to ensure a 
Equality and anti-discrimination Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 299

[page 300]
predictable work schedule for operators, and opportunities for flexible working 
hours for non-operator employees. 
Opportunities for people with disabilities 
Hydro seeks to generate opportunities and become an attractive employer for 
employees with disabilities, across our global operations. To foster an 
environment and culture where people of different physical, cognitive and 
mental health abilities can feel supported and be successful, Hydro has 
developed a global guide for inclusion of people with disabilities and is 
continuously adjusting working conditions so that all employees have the 
same opportunities in their workplace while meeting local labor regulations
Pay equality and compensation 
In 2024 Hydro embarked on the implementation of the global reward strategy, 
where Hydro’s philosophy describes its attitude towards reward. Hydro 
believes that its people drive the company’s success. Hydro recognizes that 
the value we create depends on the effort of each and everyone. The 
company is committed to creating a workplace that is fair and equitable for all, 
regardless of background and personal characteristics. 
Hydro works to ensure equitable compensation for work of equal value, 
regardless of gender. Hydro’s global reward principles state that all employees 
shall receive total compensation that is competitive and aligned with the local 
industry standard. The compensation should be holistic, performance-oriented 
and transparent. 
A global job architecture framework enables us to map all employees in Hydro 
in a consistent way. Hydro’s global job architecture framework is built on 
Mercer’s International position evaluation system (IPE). Hence, Hydro’s 
architecture consists of two main elements: a job family structure and a job 
level structure. 
The activities and competency requirements determine which family a job 
belongs to, and it is the job that an individual holds that is mapped, not the 
individual person. The jobs are mapped in the family structure. Hydro maps 
employee positions in a level structure based on the complexity of each job. 
The job level structure consists of nine levels from operators, specialists to 
managers. Levels 1 to 3 typically cover operators in our plants, levels 5 and 6 
jobs require higher education, e.g. bachelor or master with typically 1-5 years 
of experience. Levels 6 and 7 are jobs that require extensive experience in 
their area of expertise and levels 8 and 9 cover our most senior specialist and 
management positions. 
The ratio of highest base salary and the median base salary for all permanent 
employees globally was 17.5 in 2025. See the remuneration report for more 
information on highest paid salary. See also Note S1.6
 for pay gap statistics 
for Norwegian employees according to the Norwegian Equality and Anti 
Discrimination Act. 
Wellness 
Hydro cares about the health and wellbeing of its employees and offers 
initiatives to promote physical and mental health. 
The majority of Hydro’s sites offer wellness initiatives, ranging from healthy 
eating, exercise opportunities, weight management, stop smoking campaigns 
and work-life balance management. Several sites have access to a social 
worker or counselor to address psychological health and safety, and health 
and wellness is also addressed at site Health and safety-day events. 
Hydro has in-depth stress risk assessments, and a number of tools have been 
developed to support future stress risk assessments such as E-learning 
training aimed at general awareness and for leaders, management 
competency tool and guidelines. Hydro also celebrated the World Mental 
Health Day with a campaign focused on well-being.
Equality and anti-discrimination Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 300

[page 301]
Production capacity and volumes
Production capacity Hydro Energy
Power station area Power plants
Hydro Equity 
Share (TWh)¹
Hydro Operated 
(TWh) Ownership Key characteristics
Telemark Tinn: Frøystul, Vemork, Såheim, Moflåt, Mæl, and Svelgfoss. 
Vennesla: Vigelandsfoss.
3.7 3.9 100 % ownership, except for Svelgfoss 
(70.22 % ownership and 100 % operator).
Reservoir-based Hydropower, except Vigelandsfoss which is run-of-river. No reversion except for 
Frøystul 50 % 2044, Moflåt and Mæl 2049. Total catchment area 4 094 km².
Sogn Fortun: Skagen, Herva og Fivlemyr. 
Årdal: Tyin, Holsbru and Mannsberg
3.2 3.2 100 % ownership Reservoir-based Hydropower. Concession expiration Tyin 2051 and Fortun 2057. Total 
catchment area 803 km².
Røldal-Suldal Suldal 1, Suldal 2, Røldal, Novle, Kvanndal, 
Svandalsflona, Vasstøl, Middyr and Midtlæger
0.8 3.4 Ownership through Lyse Kraft DA Reservoir-based Hydropower. No reversion following the Lyse Kraft DA transaction. Total 
catchment area 793 km². Hydro owns 24.37 % of RSK DA.
Stavanger Lyse plants: Lysebotn l, Lysebotn ll, Tjodan, Flørli, Maudal 
Nedre, Maudal Øvre, Jøssang, Dalen 1, Breiava, Oltedal, 
Oltesvik, Hjelmeland, Sviland, Hetland and Hauskje. 
Sira-Kvirna 7 locations og Ulla-Førre 4 locations
1.6 2.8 25.6 % ownership through Lyse 
Kraft DA
Reservoir-based Hydropower. No reversion. Lyse Kraft DA holds part ownership in Sira-Kvina (41 
%) and Ulla-Førre (18 %).
Skafså Åmdal, Osen, Skree and Gausbu 0.1 0 33 % ownership Hydropower. No reversion.
Tonstad Tonstad wind farm 0 0.7 No ownership Wind power. Operatorship, commercial handling and PPA offtake from Hydro.
Total 9.4 14
1 Normal capacity.
Production capacity and volumes Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 301

[page 302]
Production capacity Hydro Aluminium Metal
Plant Location
Electrolysis capacity 
(kmt)¹ Casthouse capacity (kmt)
Primary aluminium 
production (kmt)
Casthouse production 
(kmt) Main products Key characteristics
Albras Brazil 466 (100% basis) 460 (100% basis)  448  370 Standard ingot, foundry alloys, 
sale of liquid metal
Part-owned subsidiary with NAAC. Largest producer in South America. Four prebake lines.
Karmøy Norway 272 320  234  201 Extrusion ingot, wire rod, sale of 
liquid metal
Two prebake lines. R&D center.
Årdal Norway 205 300  205  234 Sheet ingot, foundry alloys Two prebake lines. Technology and competence center. Substantial anode production.
Sunndal Norway 429 525  421  442 Extrusion ingot, foundry alloys Two prebake lines. R&D center metalurgy and casting. Largest plant in Western Europe.
Høyanger Norway 70 156  67  106 Sheet ingot and remelt One prebake line. One recycler
Husnes Norway 198 220  161  162 Extrusion ingot, Hyforge Two prebake lines.
Slovalco Slovakia 182³ (100% basis) 250 (100% basis), 75 
(2023)², 100 (2024)²
 -  41 Extrusion ingot, foundry 
alloys
Joint venture with Penta (Slovakia). One prebake line.
Tomago (12.4%) Australia 76 76  71  71 Standard ingot, extrusion ingot
Joint venture with RTA and GAF. Long term power contract expiring in 2028. Largest producer in Australia. 
Qatalum (50%) Qatar 324 345  324  344 Extrusion ingot, foundry alloys Joint venture with Qatar Petroleum. 40 year gas supply contract expiring in 2049. Is a first quartile smelter 
on the global cost curve. Among the world’s lowest cost smelters. Two prebake lines.
Alouette (20%) Canada  128  150  123  123 Standard ingot Joint venture with RTA, AMAG and IQ/Marubeni. Long term power contract expiring end of 2029. Is a first 
quartile smelter on the global cost curve. Largest producer in North America. Two prebake lines.
Technology Norway  15  -  11  - N/A N/A
1 Production and casthouse capacity for part-owned companies represents our proportional share. Slovalco and Albras are fully consolidated in terms of volumes and financial results.
2 Electrolysis production curtailed to 5% of capacity in Aug 2022. Complete closure in Feb 2023. Casthouse to remain operational, with lower capacity due to the electrolysis curtailment.
For more production volumes see note E5.2 resource outflows - products.
Production capacity and volumes Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 302

[page 303]
Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) index
End poverty in all its 
forms everywhere
Target: 1.2, 1.4 and 1.5
See the Own workforce and 
Workers in the value chain 
chapters for information about 
Hydro’s initiatives to promote a 
living wage for workers in Hydro 
and in Hydro’s value chain.
See the Affected communities 
chapter for more information about 
Hydro’s support for local initiatives 
that enable economic 
development, skills and job 
development.
See the Country-by-Country report 
in the Appendix for more 
information about Hydro’s tax 
contributions in different 
jurisdictions.
End hunger, achieve 
food security and 
improved nutrition 
and promote 
sustainable 
agriculture
Target: 2.4 and 2.5
See the Affected communities 
chapter for more information about 
Hydro’s support for local initiatives 
that enable economic 
development, skills and job 
development, including projects 
related to agriculture.
See the Biodiversity and 
ecosystems chapter for 
information on Hydro’s initiatives 
to minimize negative impact on 
nature and biodiversity. 
Ensure healthy lives 
and promote 
wellbeing for all at all 
ages
Target: 3.5 and 3.9
See the Own workforce chapter 
for information about Hydro’s 
initiatives to promote mental 
health and wellbeing and to 
manage risks related to 
communicable diseases.
See the Pollution chapter and 
Legacy impact chapter for more 
information about our initiatives to 
reduce pollution and 
contamination that could be a 
threat to public health.
Ensure inclusive and 
equitable quality 
education and 
promote lifelong 
learning 
opportunities for all
Target: 4.4, 4.6 and 4.7
See the Affected communities 
chapter for more information about 
Hydro’s support for local initiatives 
that enable learning and skills 
development, including our 
education and skills development 
targets.
See the Own workforce chapter 
for information about our people 
strategy and initiative to support 
learning and leadership 
development.
Achieve gender 
equality and 
empower all women 
and girls
Target: 5.1, 5.2 and 5.5
See the Own workforce chapter 
for information about our people 
strategy, including initiatives to 
respect human rights, promote 
diversity, inclusion and belonging, 
promoting gender equality and 
female leaders, and ending 
discrimination of all forms. 
Ensure availability 
and sustainable 
management of water 
and sanitation for all
Target: 6.3, 6.4 and 6.5
See the Pollution and Legacy 
impact chapters for information 
about our initiatives to reduce 
pollution and contamination that 
could have a negative impact on 
waterways and water sources. 
The Water resource chapter also 
includes our water use statistics 
and a description of our strategy 
to promote responsible water use 
and water use efficiency and 
initiatives to restore and protect 
rivers and waterways in our 
hydropower operations. 
SDG index Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 303

[page 304]
Ensure access to 
affordable, reliable, 
sustainable, and 
modern energy for all
Target: 7.2 and 7.3
See the Our business chapter for 
information about Hydro’s 
renewable power production and 
new energy solutions.
See the Climate change chapter 
for information about our initiatives 
and collaborations aiming to 
increase the use of renewable 
power as a share of total power 
consumption in our value chain.
Promote sustained, 
inclusive and 
sustainable 
economic growth, full 
and productive 
employment and 
decent work for all
Target: 8.3, 8.4, 8.5, 8.6, 
8.7 and 8.8
See the Own workforce and 
Workers in the value chain for 
information about Hydro’s 
initiatives to promote a living wage 
for our workers, to promote decent 
work and protection of human 
rights for all and Hydro’s 
occupational health and safety 
initiatives.
The Affected communities chapter 
contains information about our 
initiatives to support local growth, 
learning opportunities and training.
The Country-by-Country report in 
in the appendix provides 
transparent reporting on tax and 
value.
See the Resource use and circular 
economy chapters for information 
on initiatives that contribute 
towards resource efficiency in 
production and decoupling of 
economic growth from 
environmental degradation.
Build resilient 
infrastructure, 
promote inclusive 
and sustainable 
industrialization and 
foster innovation 
Target: 9.4 and 9.5
The Climate change and 
Resource use and circular 
economy chapters provide 
information on Hydro’s initiatives 
to make our industry more 
resource efficient and 
environmentally sound.
The Resource use and circular 
economy
 and Biodiversity and 
ecosystems chapters describes 
our initiatives and collaborations 
aimed at enhancing research and 
developing more efficient and 
environmentally sound industrial 
processes.
Reduce inequality 
within and among  
countries 
Target: 10.1, 10.2, 10.3 
and 10.4
See the Own workforce and 
Workers in the value chain 
chapters for information about 
Hydro’s initiatives to promote a 
living wage for workers in Hydro 
and in Hydro’s value chain. 
Affected communities chapter also 
describes our contributions to 
socio-economic development.
The Own workforce chapter 
describes our work to promote 
inclusion, equal opportunity and 
equality, and to eliminate 
discrimination.
Make cities and 
human settlements 
inclusive, safe, 
resilient, and 
sustainable
Target: 11.5
The Own workforce chapter 
describe our work to promote 
resilience and prepare for 
emergencies and disasters.
The Legacy impact chapter 
describe our work to prevent 
disasters and contribute to public 
safety, in relation to the 
management of tailings produced 
by the mining process or the 
bauxite residue produced by the 
alumina refining process. 
Ensure sustainable 
consumption and 
production patterns 
Target: 12.2, 12.4, 12.5, 
12.6 and 12.7
See the Resource use and circular 
economy chapter for information 
about Hydro’s initiatives to 
promote recycling and more 
circular solutions in our value 
chain and how we manage waste.
See the Pollution chapter for 
information about how we reduce 
emissions to air, water and soil.
The Workers in the value chain 
chapter describes our focus on 
sustainability in Hydro’s 
procurement practices.
SDG index Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 304

[page 305]
Take urgent action to 
combat climate 
change and its 
impacts 
Target: 13.1, 13.2 and 
13.3
See the Climate change chapter 
for information about Hydro’s 
strategy and initiatives to reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions, our 
research and initiatives to develop 
technologies that enable 
greenhouse gas emissions 
reductions in our value chain and 
information on how we work to 
evaluate and address exposure to 
climate change related risks. 
Conserve and 
sustainably use the 
oceans, seas, and 
marine resources for 
sustainable 
development 
Target: 14.1
See the Pollution chapter for 
information about how we work to 
reduce emissions to air, water and 
soil.
See the Legacy impact chapter for 
information on how we manage 
the impact of our industrial legacy 
and assets on the ocean and 
other ecosystems. 
Protect, restore and 
promote sustainable 
use of terrestrial 
ecosystems, 
sustainably manage 
forests, combat 
desertification, and 
halt and reverse land 
degradation and halt 
biodiversity loss 
Target: 15.1, 15.2, 15.5 
and 15.9
See the Biodiversity and 
ecosystems chapter for 
information on our land and forest 
restoration initiatives and how we 
manage our impact on nature and 
biodiversity.
See the Legacy impact chapter for 
information on how we manage 
the impact of our industrial legacy 
and assets on the land, water, and 
related ecosystems.
Promote peaceful 
and inclusive 
societies for 
sustainable 
development, provide 
access to justice for 
all and build 
effective, 
accountable and 
inclusive institutions 
at all levels 
Target: 16.1, 16.2, 16.3 
and 16.5
See the Own workforce and 
Workers in the value chain 
chapters for information about 
Hydro’s initiatives to safeguard 
human rights and reduce risk of 
abuse, exploitation, and 
discrimination in Hydro and in 
Hydro’s value chain.
See the Business conduct chapter 
for information about our 
commitment to ethical business 
practices, compliance with 
applicable laws and regulations, 
including anti-corruption.
Strengthen the 
means of 
implementation and 
revitalize the global 
partnership for 
sustainable 
development 
Target: 17.1, 17.3, 17.14 
and 17.17
The Country-by-Country report in 
the appendix provides transparent 
reporting on our tax and value 
creation in different jurisdictions.
See the Affected communities 
chapter for more information about 
Hydro’s support for local initiatives 
that enable economic 
development, skills and job 
development.
See the Business conduct chapter 
for information about our public 
affairs and lobbying efforts, 
including our positions on 
sustainability related topics such 
as carbon pricing and energy 
markets, and our R&D 
partnerships.
SDG index Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 305

[page 306]
Hydro 2030 profitability roadmap assumptions
Indicative 2030 potential ARoaCE and AEBITDA scenarios shown in the Hydro 2030 profitability roadmap section in 
Scenarios and financial modelling are based on simplified assumptions and a sensitivity analysis based on the financial 
result as of Q3 2025 last twelve months adjusted for market prices, foreign currency rates and other short-term effects 
impacting the period’s result. The actual earnings, cash flows and returns will be affected by other factors not included in 
the scenarios, including, but not limited to production volumes, other raw material prices, downstream margin 
developments, premiums, inflation, other foreign currency rates, depreciation, taxes, investments, interest expense, 
competitors’ cost positions and other. 
Assumptions used in scenarios Q3 2025 LTM Q3 2025 spot
LME, USD/mt  2 520  2 880 
Standard ingot, USD/mt 250 320
PAX, USD/mt 490 320
Gas, USD/MMBtu 3.24 4.34
Caustic soda, USD/mt 460 400
Coal, USD/mt 90 100
Pitch, EUR/mt 840 870
Pet coke, USD/mt 440 440
NO2, NOK/MWh 720 760
USDNOK 10.62 10.09
EURNOK 11.72 11.65
BRLNOK 1.86 1.87
Cautionary note
Certain statements included in this announcement contain forward-looking information, including, without limitation, 
information relating to (a) forecasts, projections and estimates, (b) statements of Hydro management concerning plans, 
objectives and strategies, such as planned expansions, investments, divestments, curtailments or other projects, (c) 
targeted production volumes and costs, capacities or rates, start-up costs, cost reductions and profit objectives, (d) 
various expectations about future developments in Hydro’s markets, particularly prices, supply and demand and 
competition, (e) results of operations, (f) margins, (g) growth rates, (h) risk management, and (i) qualified statements such 
as “expected”, “scheduled”, “targeted”, “planned”, “proposed”, “intended” or similar.
Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, these forward-
looking statements are based on a number of assumptions and forecasts that, by their nature, involve risk and uncertainty. 
Various factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in a forward-looking statement or 
affect the extent to which a particular projection is realized. Factors that could cause these differences include, but are not 
limited to: our continued ability to reposition and restructure our upstream and downstream businesses; changes in 
availability and cost of energy and raw materials; global supply and demand for aluminium and aluminium products; world 
economic growth, including rates of inflation and industrial production; changes in the relative value of currencies and the 
value of commodity contracts; trends in Hydro’s key markets and competition; and legislative, regulatory and political 
factors. 
No assurance can be given that such expectations will prove to have been correct. Hydro disclaims any obligation to 
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Assumptions Introduction Contents Business Performance Governance Sustainability Financials Appendices
Norsk Hydro ASA Integrated Annual Report 2025 306

[page 307]
Norsk Hydro ASA 
NO-0240 Oslo
Norway
T +47 22 53 81 00
www.hydro.com
© Hydro 2026
Hydro is a leading aluminium and renewable energy company 
committed to a sustainable future. Our purpose is to create more 
viable societies by developing natural resources into products 
and solutions in innovative and efficient ways.