# UCB S.A. (UCB.BR)
# primary source: iar_2025-web.pdf  (292 pages)

[page 1]
Integrated 
Annual 
Report 2025
© UCB Biopharma SRL, 2026.
All rights reserved. GL-07-2600002
Date of preparation: February 2026

[page 2]
UCB’s mission to transform the lives 
of people with severe diseases is the 
foundation of our long-term growth. 
By combining scientific excellence 
with a clear focus on patient needs, 
we are building a pipeline of 
innovation and a business ready to 
deliver enduring value – not just in the 
next few years, but well into the future.

[page 3]
About this report
The Integrated Annual Report 2025 includes the management report in accordance with Article 12 
of the Royal Decree of 14 November 2007 relating to the obligations of issuers of financial 
instruments admitted to trading on a regulated market in Belgium. All information required to be 
included in such management report pursuant to Articles 3:6 and 3:32 of the Belgian Code of 
Companies and Associations (i.e., Corporate Governance Statement – Remuneration Report 
included –, Business Performance Review and UCB’s Sustainability Statement) is reported 
throughout all different sections of this Integrated Annual Report. With respect to sustainability 
information, this Integrated Annual Report has been prepared according to the European 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS). Selected parts of this report, namely the Sustainability 
Statement and Financials section, are assured by Forvis Mazars and the assurance reports are 
located on pages 125 and 262, respectively. This document contains information on investigational 
drug products that have not been approved for any use by any authority in the world or information 
on new indications for approved products. The safety and efficacy of these investigational drug 
products or new indications has yet to be established. For approved drugs, prescribing information 
may vary from country to country.
Acknowledgements 
Our work is never done – we continuously strive to find new ways to deliver solutions that create 
real improvements to the lives of the people we serve. That requires curiosity, commitment and 
collaboration. To this end, we would like to extend our thanks to all colleagues, patients and 
caregivers, shareholders and partners without whom this Report would not have been possible. 
We are grateful to Shareen, a UCB employee who lives with a severe disease, and her family for 
allowing us to feature their photo on the cover page. We would also like to thank Nicholas Brooke 
(Founder and Executive Director of The Synergist) and Seth Ginsberg (President of the Global 
Healthy Living Foundation) for their review of the Integrated Annual Report. Their insights helped us 
to better reflect the perspectives of people living with severe diseases, and their continued 
partnership with UCB allows us to make better patient-informed decisions. 
We create value
for patients, now
and into the future.
4 Strategic Report
5 Letter to our stakeholders
8 UCB at a glance
14 UCB’s purpose & strategy
20 Our therapeutic focus
28 Progress in our countries in 2025
33 UCB’s performance in 2025
36 UCB’s management
43 Risk management
47 Sustainability Statement
48 General disclosures
52 Environmental information
81 Social information
110 Governance information
128 Corporate Governance 
Statement
177 Financial Statements
270 Accounting for Value 
2025: 
UCB U.S. Sustainable Access 
and Pricing Transparency 
Report 
287 Glossary
Our purpose in action
Helping women of childbearing 
age make more informed decisions 
about their health
Page
 15
Co-creating community centered 
approaches to Parkinson’s treatment
Page
 16
Progress in our countries in 2025
Page
 28


[page 4]
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 4
Strategic 
Report

[page 5]
Dear reader, patients, colleagues, caregivers, 
shareholders and representatives from 
communities where we live and work,
Reflecting on 2025, all of us at UCB are proud of what we 
have achieved. In a year marked by persistent global 
uncertainty and rapid shifts across healthcare systems, we 
delivered strong growth. But our performance this year 
reflects more than financial momentum. It is proof that we 
continue to deliver on our long-term ambition of ensuring 
people with severe diseases and their caregivers can live the 
best life they can, as free as possible from the burden and 
uncertainty of disease. It demonstrates the strength of our 
strategy, the resilience we have built over time and the clarity 
of purpose that guides every choice we make.
Throughout 2025, we navigated a volatile macroeconomic 
and geopolitical landscape. Supply chains continued to adapt 
to increasing geopolitical tensions, persistent trade 
uncertainties and sector-specific headwinds. Yet in this 
environment, UCB showed what a focused, purpose-driven, 
science-led company can achieve. We delivered a stronger 
performance than originally anticipated and extended the 
reach of our medicines. This success did not happen by 
chance. It is the result of years of deliberate investment in 
innovation, differentiation and execution.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 5
Letter to our 
stakeholders

[page 6]
A position of strength 
We are now in a decade of expected growth, where we see 
demand for our medicines growing across all regions. At the 
same time, we have focused on strengthening our underlying 
capabilities. The result is that today our company is markedly 
different from a year ago. We are delivering at a new scale, 
with multiple launches in parallel across different geographies, 
outperforming for a company of our size. This is a testament 
to the ambition, discipline and expertise of our teams. And 
importantly, this strong position gives us the ability to face 
uncertainty with confidence. It means we can absorb and 
adapt to external fluctuations and continue to invest in 
innovation. But above all, it allows us to keep our commitments 
to patients, caregivers, partners, shareholders, employees and 
the communities we serve, now and into the future.
Our confidence is built on the importance of our purpose. As 
the world continues to change due to factors like the climate 
crisis or geopolitical shifts, the treatment and support we offer 
to people living with severe diseases helps build more resilient 
communities. That’s why we focus our energy and 
investment where we can deliver meaningful differentiation 
and pursue innovation guided by deep scientific expertise and 
biological insights. This focus shapes our portfolio and our 
research and development choices as well as the financial, 
environmental and social impact we can deliver.
UCB has consistently prioritized high levels of investment in 
research and development, well above industry averages. 
That sustained commitment is now translating into 
purposeful solutions across immunology and neurology. Our 
late-stage pipeline continues to progress, with multiple Phase 
3 programs underway, including new studies in pediatric 
populations. The evolution of our epilepsy portfolio, from 
symptomatic seizure prevention to targeting developmental 
and epileptic encephalopathies, reflects how biological and 
clinical insights inform the science we pursue. The 
advancement of next-generation antibody engineering, 
including multispecific programs such as galvokimig1, shows 
how we are building on the success of our IL-17A/F research 
to shape the future of autoimmune disease treatment. 
Moving forward, we will continue to focus on improving 
equitable access for all patients who can benefit from our 
solutions.
A year of excellence in execution
Differentiated innovation is a cornerstone of our 
performance, but it needs to be backed up with effective 
execution. This year saw us deliver multiple launches in 
different therapeutic areas, across several countries and 
dynamic regulatory environments. Being able to scale five key 
growth drivers — BIMZELX® ▼ (bimekizumab)2, RYSTIGGO® ▼ 
(rozanolixizumab)3, ZILBRYSQ® ▼ (zilucoplan)4, FINTEPLA® ▼ 
(fenfluramine)5 and EVENITY® (romosozumab)6 — at once 
reflects our deep cross-functional capabilities, from clinical 
development to medical engagement, from market access to 
manufacturing and supply.
Our +26% (+29% CER7) revenue growth and adjusted EBITDA 
margin of 34% of revenue in 2025 (31.4% excluding other 
operating one-offs) was driven by a balanced mix of 
differentiated medicines in multiple immunological and 
neurological conditions. In 2025, UCB’s five key growth 
drivers delivered strong, broad-based performance across all 
approved indications, reflecting both scientific differentiation 
and disciplined global execution. 
BIMZELX® continued its exceptional momentum, expanding 
across 50 countries with rapid uptake in psoriasis and 
hidradenitis suppurativa, supported by a deep and durable 
long-term outcomes profile. RYSTIGGO® and ZILBRYSQ® 
drove significant growth in generalized myasthenia gravis, 
with accelerating launches, strong demand and new 
administration options improving patient experience and 
access. FINTEPLA® reinforced its role as a foundational 
therapy in severe rare epilepsies such as Dravet and Lennox–
Gastaut syndromes. Meanwhile, EVENITY® continued to 
prove its value as a bone-forming agent, reaching more than 
one million patients globally and contributing meaningful 
earnings through UCB’s partnership model. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 6
Letter to our stakeholders continued
▼ This medicinal product is subject to additional monitoring. This will allow quick identification of new safety information. 
Healthcare professionals are asked to report any suspected adverse reactions. 
1. Galvokimig is currently in clinical development and is not authorized for use by any regulatory authority worldwide.
2. BIMZELX® EU SmPC. Available : Bimzelx, INN-bimekizumab. Last accessed: February 2026
3. RYSTIGGO® EU SmPC. Available : Rystiggo, INN-rozanolixizumab. Last accessed: February 2026
4. ZILBRYSQ® EU SmPC. Available: Zilbrysq, INN-zilucoplan. Last accessed: February 2026
5. FINTEPLA® EU SmPC. Available: Fintepla, INN-fenfluramine. Last accessed: February 2026 
6. EVENITY® EU SmPC: Evenity, INN-romosozumab. Last accessed: February 2026
7. Constant Exchange Rate
“We are delivering at a new 
scale, outperforming for a 
company of our size. This is a 
testament to the ambition, 
discipline and expertise of 
our teams.”


[page 7]
In 2025 we also achieved another key milestone with the U.S. 
FDA approval of KYGEVVI™ (doxecitine and doxribtimine). 
This is the first and only approved treatment for people living 
with thymidine kinase 2 deficiency (TK2d)1, an ultra-rare, life-
threatening, genetic mitochondrial disease. Positive opinion 
for KYGEVVI® was also received from the Committee for 
Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European 
Medicines Agency (EMA) in January 2026.
Being able to deliver this progress across multiple therapeutic 
areas at once shows that we are powered by a diversified, 
resilient portfolio. This breadth of growth gives us a strong 
foundation for the years ahead and greater confidence for 
our stakeholders, even as the external environment continues 
to shift.
Evolving our operations
We support our long-term ambition with informed choices 
about where we invest and how we evolve as an 
organization. In 2025, we continued to reshape our portfolio 
and capabilities so we can remain focused on where we are 
most differentiated. We advanced targeted capacity 
investments, including accelerated biomanufacturing 
expansion in the U.S., ensuring we are prepared for future 
patient demand. We also continued our strategic reshaping of 
the portfolio by divesting established products, expanding our 
footprint in high-value areas and strengthening our 
collaborations across the value chain.
This year, we advanced our sustainable impact for a healthier 
future, reaching patients across all regions as we continue to 
improve equitable access by co-creating scalable solutions 
with patient communities and health system stakeholders. We 
made progress toward our net-zero climate targets and our 
commitment to conserving water. Our progress was 
recognized as we maintained strong environmental, social 
and governance performance ratings and recognitions — 
including being awarded a prestigious A rating for climate 
change by CDP.  
Looking ahead with confidence
Everyone at UCB, as well as our wider stakeholders, can feel 
positive about the road ahead. The world around us 
continues to shift and every part of the global healthcare 
ecosystem is evolving, but we believe UCB is better equipped 
than it has ever been to navigate changes.
No single party can transform healthcare on its own, and 
collaboration has always been integral to how UCB works. 
This year, we continued our strong partnerships with patient 
communities, scientific experts, payers, regulators, suppliers 
and industry peers. These relationships ensure that our insights 
are deeper, our science is stronger and the solutions we bring 
forward create real benefits for individuals and their families.
The strength we demonstrated in 2025 resulted in a 2026 
financial guidance for revenues to grow in a high single-digit to 
low double-digit percentage range at CER. Adjusted EBITDA is 
expected to grow in a high-single-digit to high teens 
percentage range at CER and corrected for other operating 
one-offs in 2025, growth is expected in the high teens to high 
twenties percentage range at CER. This is a reflection of our 
exceptional commercial performance, remarkable R&D 
accomplishments and our confidence in delivering continued 
growth and impact. We are moving forward with a culture 
rooted in learning, collaboration and care — one that enables us 
to adapt, grow and lead in a world that continues to evolve.
Our commitment remains unchanged: to create value for 
people living with severe diseases, now and into the future. We 
will continue to innovate with purpose, execute with discipline, 
and act with humility and humanity. By fostering new 
relationships with patients, caregivers, partners and communities 
across the pharma ecosystem, as well as strengthening the 
ones we already have, we will be better placed to build a future 
where more people can live the best life they can.
Thank you to all our colleagues, partners and shareholders for 
trusting us and for being part of UCB’s continued journey.
Jean-Christophe Tellier, 
Chief Executive Officer
Jonathan Peacock, 
Chair of UCB’s Board of Directors
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 7
Letter to our stakeholders continued
“The world around us 
continues to shift and every 
part of the global healthcare 
ecosystem is evolving, but 
we believe UCB is better 
equipped than it has ever 
been to navigate changes.”
1. KYGEVVI™ is approved in the U.S. for the treatment of thymidine kinase 2 deficiency (TK2d) in adults and paediatric patients with an age of symptom onset on or before 12 years. KYGEVVI™ is not approved by any other regulatory authority. 

[page 8]
Delivering excellence
Everything we do starts with a simple 
question: how can we help people with 
severe diseases live the best life they can?
By understanding individualsʼ daily realities 
and the biology behind their conditions, we 
turn insight into transformative treatments 
across immunology, neurology and other 
areas where our expertise aligns with 
unmet needs. 
By focusing our science where it matters 
most, we are translating differentiated 
innovation into strong commercial execution 
and sustainable performance, over the next 
decade and beyond. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 8
UCB at a glance 
Revenue
€ 7 741 M
(2024: € 6 152 M) 
Launches of UCB medicines 
across geographies2 
56
(2024: 76)
Adjusted EBITDA 
€ 2 636 M
(2024: € 1 476 M)
Molecules in clinical development 
8
(2024: 9)
Patients reached1 
>3.1 M
(2024: >3.1 M)
R&D/revenue ratio 
24%
(2024: 29%)
* As of December 2025
1. 2025 total patient number is calculated using the Moving Annual Total (MAT) patients 
(Estimated Actual Treated) at the end of Q3 2025 as provided with input data from an 
external source. The total patient number gathers people who have accessed the following 
solutions: BIMZELX®, BRIVIACT®, CIMZIA®, EVENITY®, FINTEPLA®, KEPPRA®, NAYZILAM®, 
RYSTIGGO®, VIMPAT® and ZILBRYSQ®. 
2. This includes the launch of UCB's core medicines (BIMZELX®, BRIVIACT®, EVENITY®, 
FINTEPLA®, RYSTIGGO® and ZILBRYSQ®) across all geographies by UCB and third-party 
distributors. If a medicine was launched in multiple indications, it is counted once only.
Immunology
 Neurology
Key figures

[page 9]
Global footprint. Global impact. 
Our culture of collaboration and curiosity is made up of a global team of people driven to push scientific boundaries and improve the health 
and wellbeing of the communities we are a part of. From our headquarters in Belgium and nearly 40 countries around the world, we work closely 
with a diverse network of patients, caregivers, healthcare professionals and other stakeholders.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 9
UCB at a glance continued
Europe U.S. Rest of World
10 117
UCB employees 
across > 100 nationalities1
56
launches for our medicines 
across all geographies2
>3.1 M
have accessed our medicines3
  6 859
employees
5
R&D centers
  1 885
employees
4
R&D centers
   1 373
employees
1
R&D centers
Brussels HQ
50%:50%
Men:Women employees
1. The number of employees is reported according to headcount at December 31, 2025. This is the number of active (including permanent and temporary) contract regular and expatriated UCB employees. It does not include the 
following employee groups: inactive employees, trainees, students and third-party apprentices.
2. This includes the launch of UCB's core medicines (BIMZELX®, BRIVIACT®, EVENITY®, FINTEPLA®, RYSTIGGO® and ZILBRYSQ®) across all geographies by UCB and third-party distributors. If a medicine was launched in multiple 
indications, it is counted once only.
3. 2025 total patient number is calculated using the Moving Annual Total (MAT) patients (Estimated Actual Treated) at the end of Q3 2025 as provided with input data from an external source. The total patient number gathers people 
who have accessed the following solutions: BIMZELX®, BRIVIACT®, CIMZIA®, EVENITY®, FINTEPLA®, KEPPRA®, NAYZILAM®, RYSTIGGO®, VIMPAT® and ZILBRYSQ®. 
41%:59%
Men:Women employees
58%:42%
Men:Women employees

[page 10]
Unprecedented 
growth
UCB’s growth is built on a 
proven history of ambition, 
innovation and execution. 
Today, our five core medicines 
– BIMZELX®, RYSTIGGO®, 
ZILBRYSQ®, FINTEPLA® and 
EVENITY® – are powering a 
decade of sustainable growth.
Through continued investment in global 
launches and a robust research and 
development (R&D) pipeline, we are also 
building the foundation of UCB’s long-
term future. This is supported by strategic 
resource allocation, disciplined cost 
management and the high energy and 
commitment shown by our employees. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 10
UCB at a glance continued
FINTEPLA®
€ 427 M
Net sales
>14 K
patients reached
BIMZELX®
€ 2 227 M
Net sales
>116 K
patients reached
ZILBRYSQ®
€ 217 M
Net sales
>1.3 K
patients reached
Net sales by region
l Europe   l U.S.   l Rest of World
RYSTIGGO®
€ 332 M
Net sales
>2.4 K
patients reached
EVENITY® 1
€ 137 M
Net sales
1.3 M
patients reached
14%
83%
3%
9% 81%
10%
19%
74%
7%
1. EVENITY® is being brought to people living 
with osteoporosis globally by Amgen, Astellas 
and UCB, with net sales outside Europe 
reported by the partners.
16%
73%
11%

[page 11]
Innovating for the next generation
At UCB, innovation is never static. It’s a continuous cycle of learning, testing and refining aimed at addressing unmet needs 
and delivering differentiated solutions for people with severe diseases. Today, we are investing in the next wave of scientific 
breakthroughs, combining advances in combinatorial biology, digital antibody engineering and precision data science.  
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 11
UCB at a glance continued
Phase 1 Phase 2 Phase 3 Phase 4
* In partnership with Biogen; 1st phase 3 study; 5-HT = 5-hydroxytryptamin or serotonin; CD40L = CD40 ligand; CDKL5 = cyclin-dependent kinase-like 5; H = half-year; IL = interleukin; FcRn = Neonatal Fragment Crystallizable Receptor; 
MOG = Myelin Oligodendrocyte Glycoprotein; PsA = Psoriatic Arthritis .
n Neurology
n Immunology
Indication & status/next milestone
Post-approval head-to-head study versus risankizumab in PsA: H1 2026bimekizumab (IL-17 A/F) 
bimekizumab (IL-17 A/F) 
rozanolixizumab (FcRn inhibitor) 
fenfluramine (5-HT agonist) 
dapirolizumab pegol (anti-CD40L antibody) 
STACCATO® alprazolam (benzodiazepine) 
bepranemab (anti-tau antibody) 
glovadalen (D1 receptor positive allosteric modulators)
1. CDKL5 deficiency disorder: Positive phase 3 - regulatory submission under preparation
2. RETT-Syndrome Phase 3 to start in H1 2026
Systemic lupus erythematosus*: 1st positive phase 3, 2nd phase 3: 2028
Alzheimer's disease: Encouraging phase 2a – Fast Track Designation
Palmoplantar pustulosis (PPP): 2028
1. MOG-antibody disease: H2 2026
2. Ocular myasthenia gravis: Phase 3 to start in 2026
Stereotypical prolonged seizures: H2 2026
Parkinson's disease: Positive phase 2a, Next steps under evaluation 
1. Atopic dermatitis: Phase 2b started, first results in 2028
2. Non Cystic Fibrosis Bronchiectasis (NCFB): Phase 2a to start in 2026
3. Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD): Phase 2a to start in 2026
UCB9741/galvokimig (IL-13 & IL-17 A/F) 

[page 12]
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 12
Our value 
creation 
model
UCBʼs success is underpinned by a holistic approach that takes a long-term 
view of how we create positive impact for people living with severe diseases, 
our shareholders, our colleagues and communities, while reducing our 
environmental footprint. 
We aim to continue growing while meeting societal expectations, including 
embedding equitable access to medicines and our environmental impact as 
an integral part of how we do business. We know that the challenges facing 
our world – from the climate crisis to rising inequalities – are inextricably 
linked to health and wellbeing, and that every business decision we make 
has a possible effect on the people we serve, our communities and the planet.
Footnotes for page 13
1. Total cash flow generated by the company, excluding dividends paid to shareholders as well as outgoing cash for acquisitions of subsidiaries and incoming cash from divestment of business units or subsidiaries and sale of financial 
investments.
2. The scope is all phase 1 to 4 and Non-interventional Prospective Studies which were active in 2025. An active study is any study that has had a patient in screening or treatment during the year.
3. The number of employees is reported according to headcount at December 31, 2025. This is the number of active (including permanent and temporary) contract regular and expatriated UCB employees. It does not include the 
following employee groups: inactive employees, trainees, students and third-party apprentices.
4. This figure includes all employees belonging to the job family Research & Early Development and all scientist-related job codes/having “scientist” in their job title in UCB employee headcount as of December 31, 2025. 
5. This number includes collaborations with academia and research centers aimed at scientific innovation, as well as UCB’s involvement in different public-private consortia of varying sizes.
6. 2025 total patient number is calculated using the Moving Annual Total (MAT) patients (Estimated Actual Treated) at the end of Q3 2025 as provided with input data from an external source. The total patient number gathers people 
who have accessed the following solutions: BIMZELX®, BRIVIACT®, CIMZIA®, EVENITY®, FINTEPLA®, KEPPRA®, NAYZILAM®, RYSTIGGO®, VIMPAT® and ZILBRYSQ®. 
7. This includes the launch of UCB's core medicines (BIMZELX®, EVENITY®, FINTEPLA®, RYSTIGGO® and ZILBRYSQ®) across all geographies by UCB and third-party distributors in 2025. If a medicine was launched in multiple indications, 
it is counted once only.
8. This figure represents the number of roles that are created in UCB within a specific time period and are filled by a candidate following an active recruitment process, regardless of the candidate’s source, (internal or external) at all levels 
of the organization. This figure broadly represents the number of UCB opportunities created and subsequently filled across all our geographies and it excludes contingency workforces, contractors and consultants. This figure counts 
job requisitions created between January 1 and December 31, 2025 with the application status “Hired” and start date between January 1 and December 31.
9. Retention rate is calculated as 100% minus the percentage of permanent employees terminated for voluntary reasons out of the average headcount of permanent employees during the reporting period (between January 1 and 
December 31, 2025).
10. This number includes all non-profit organizations helped with donations and philanthropic contributions, regardless of the amount. 
11. This number corresponds to UCB-authored manuscripts, articles, letters/editorial in 2025. 
12. This excludes emissions from Scope 3 Category 1, compared to our 2019 baseline in absolute numbers. 
13. Science Based Targets initiative or similar initiatives.

[page 13]
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 13
Our value creation model continued
Resources we rely on How we create value Value we create
Financial
Environmental
Social
Financial
Environmental
Social
€11 B
equity 
€ 7 M
net cash
€ 1 516 M
organic cash flow1
210 326
MWh energy 
consumed
484 440
m3 water 
withdrawn
5 660
patients enrolled 
in clinical trials2
394
patient organizations 
engaged
10 117
employees 
worldwide3 
including 412 
R&D scientists4
>19 000
suppliers
196
partnerships in 
research5
€ 6.2 M
donations & 
philanthropic 
contributions 
>3.1 M
patients reached6
56
launches for our medicines 
across all geographies7
2 113
jobs created8
177
scientific publications11
67
non-profit organizations 
helped worldwide10
95.9%
retention rate9
-35.8%
CO2 released12
77.6%
of suppliers with CO2e 
aligned with SBTi13
€1.45
dividend by share 
(recommended)
€ 2 636 M
adjusted EBITDA
€ 1 822 M
invested in R&D
€ 264 M
income tax
Research & 
Development
Approval & 
Reimbursement
Manufacturing
Distribution & 
Commercialization

[page 14]
Our purpose is to create value for 
patients, now and into the future.
By combining our unique insights with a collaborative 
approach, we discover and develop differentiated treatments 
that respond to unmet patient needs and create real 
improvements for people living with severe diseases. We back 
our innovations with clear evidence of our medicines’ impact 
on patients, families and healthcare systems. Our innovations 
advance sustainable impact for a healthier future and create 
value that cannot be expressed in numbers alone: moments 
celebrated, dreams pursued and simple pleasures enjoyed.
A strategy that sets us apart
We uniquely understand patient biology and disease 
pathways, allowing us to focus our resources where 
differentiation beats scale. By listening to and learning from 
patients, caregivers and healthcare professionals, we 
understand the challenges of disease and gain insights that 
allow us to detect unmet needs early, develop novel 
strategies to modulate and create new therapies to effectively 
target them.  
By aligning every part of UCB around finding new ways to 
make real improvements in the ways complex conditions are 
treated, our strategy anchors our long-term impact. From 
research and development (R&D) and patient engagement to 
minimizing our environmental impact, it provides focus and 
stability. This clarity supports strategic decision-making and 
resource allocation amid geopolitical uncertainty, market 
volatility and rapid technological change.
Our strategy also ensures that innovation goes beyond 
discovery. It extends to access and reach, driving investment 
in programs and partnerships that bring our medicines to the 
people who need them most. From early stakeholder 
engagement to tailored access, our approach strives to 
translate scientific progress into real-world impact.
Throughout 2025, our teams continued to work to close 
gaps in care by engaging directly with patients and other 
stakeholders. This approach helps ensure that the lived 
experiences of patients shape how our medicines are 
developed and delivered. Across our therapeutic focus areas, 
we are building long-term, trust-based partnerships with 
patient communities, caregivers, community leaders and 
local advocates to understand the barriers these groups face, 
such as delayed diagnosis or limited access to clinical trials. 
This allows us to go beyond traditional engagement models 
by bringing community expertise into the design of studies, 
access initiatives and educational efforts. 
We ensure that equitable access starts in R&D so that we can 
respond to unique patient needs with purposeful, evidence-
based innovation. When potential treatments for groups 
disproportionately impacted by diseases go unstudied, 
inequalities in the healthcare system are reinforced. We aim 
to contribute to positive change by designing R&D that 
includes these groups from the outset, so that every patient 
has the chance to benefit from scientific progress.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 14
UCB’s purpose & strategy

[page 15]
Unwavering in creating 
a positive societal impact
We are continually exploring new ways to reach a broad 
range of populations, address health disparities and focus our 
science to deliver the greatest impact. 
Creating real improvements in the lives of the people we 
serve means cultivating a culture of value creation, dialogue, 
collaboration and respect with our stakeholders. We also 
understand that the value we create comes in many forms, 
not all of them measurable in financial terms – better quality 
of life, earlier diagnosis, reduced disparities and more 
sustainable practices all contribute to the long-term societal 
value UCB aims to create. 
In 2025, we confirmed the results of our 2023 double 
materiality assessment, identifying the highest-priority areas 
that are deeply connected to our purpose and where we can 
have the biggest societal impact.
Scientific innovation 
We innovate to understand and address unmet medical needs 
in neurology, immunology and other rare conditions.  
We begin by uncovering the molecular and biological 
complexities of disease. By combining insights from 
genomics, proteomics and other advanced tools, we deepen 
our understanding of the root causes of illness and the 
patient populations who may benefit most from targeted 
solutions. Cutting-edge digital technologies, including 
combinatorial biology, rational drug design and artificial 
intelligence, allow us to identify promising therapeutic 
candidates with greater speed and precision. This approach 
ensures we are developing medicines that address the drivers 
of disease, not just the symptoms.
Our approach to innovation shapes our clinical trials and 
medicine development, ensuring it is tailored to specific 
diseases and locations by testing in real-world environments. 
This allows us to create more efficient, patient-centric trials 
while also driving advancements like remote options and better 
family engagement in pediatric trials, as well as reaching broader 
patient populations – to ultimately improve patient outcomes.
86%  
phase 3 clinical success rate
Equitable access to medicines
Our role is broader than discovering and developing solutions 
to treat severe diseases. We also need to make sure our 
medicines reach the patients that need them.
This starts by recognizing that not all patients or populations 
experience disease or access to care in the same way. By 
continuously deepening our understanding of patients 
through richer data and insights, we can better inform our 
research and development until distribution and delivery. 
In this way, we strive to remove barriers to access — such as 
limited awareness, availability, affordability, accessibility and 
adoptability — so that patients who can benefit from UCB’s 
medicines are able to access them. 
For patients with unmet medical needs who cannot access 
treatments through clinical trials or commercial settings, we 
design Early Access Programs such as Managed Access 
Programs and Post-Trial Access. These programs prioritize 
patient wellbeing, providing options when no alternative 
treatments are available and ensuring continued care for 
patients benefiting from clinical trial treatments. 
78% 
access coverage for our medicines in 2025
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 15
UCB's purpose & strategy continued
Helping women of childbearing 
age make more informed 
decisions about their health
We have established a leadership position in generating 
evidence to better inform women of childbearing age 
(WoCBA) during pregnancy, family planning and 
breastfeeding. This commitment began with CIMZIA® 1 
and has shaped our approach ever since. CIMZIA®’s 
unique molecular structure made it possible to study 
treatment use during pregnancy, at a time when most 
companies avoided research in this population. UCB 
has also advanced important WoCBA initiatives in 
epilepsy, where we continue to generate evidence and 
raise awareness to support women throughout their 
reproductive years. Building on this extensive expertise 
and the positive feedback from the FDA and the EMA, 
UCB is advancing its commitment by exploring the 
opportunity to generate earlier evidence for pregnant 
women living with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE), 
a population facing high unmet needs throughout their 
family planning and pregnancy journey.  
In addition to trials, we leverage innovative approaches 
to gathering evidence. Through a social listening study 
analyzing over 1.2 million posts from France, Germany, 
Italy, Spain, the U.K. and the U.S., we gained more 
insights into the critical gaps in healthcare coverage 
from women navigating pregnancy and chronic illness. 
We are collaborating with leading patient organizations 
and experts worldwide to foster conversations and drive 
meaningful actions on these important issues. 
Building on this leadership, we are strategically 
expanding our focus to better understand and meet the 
needs of children, adolescents and older adults. This 
evolution reinforces UCB’s commitment to elevate the 
lives of people with severe diseases and their families 
across a broad range of populations. 
1. CIMZIA® EU SmPC. Available: Cimzia, INN-certolizumab pegol 
Last accessed: February 2026

[page 16]
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 16
UCB's purpose & strategy continued
Improving epilepsy care 
through community-based 
collaboration
In the U.S., adults with epilepsy are twice as likely to 
experience depression, and many face significant 
challenges accessing specialist care, navigating 
insurance barriers and managing the emotional and 
social impacts of their condition. In partnership with the 
Morehouse School of Medicine (Morehouse SOM), we 
are strengthening care pathways and connecting 
patients more effectively to the support they need.
Based in the state of Georgia, the project uses a 
Community Health Worker (CHW) model, built to 
address both the medical and non-medical factors that 
shape health outcomes. CHWs are trusted, locally 
grounded members of the community who help patients 
overcome barriers. By integrating CHWs with primary 
care, neurology, behavioral health and social services, the 
program establishes a coordinated, sustainable approach 
to epilepsy care.
Early success in connecting patients with much needed 
care has already inspired plans to expand the model to 
additional U.S. states.
Broadening access to epilepsy 
treatment in Rwanda
Nearly 80% of people with epilepsy live in low- and 
middle-income countries, where treatment gaps can 
exceed 75% due to limited healthcare infrastructure, 
unequal resources, a lack of access and awareness 
as well as stigmatization and other factors. This can 
be seen in Rwanda where people living with epilepsy 
face several barriers to care, such as underdiagnosis, 
stigma and a shortage of trained healthcare 
professionals. 
Rwanda is the first Sub-Saharan country to make 
UCB epilepsy medicine accessible. Levetiracetam is 
now available and reimbursed for all people living 
with epilepsy in Rwanda. This is a vital first step for us 
in a region we have not commercially operated in 
before. The insights and experience we are getting 
will help us continue to improve access and build 
partnerships across the region. 
You can watch a film about stigma and barriers 
that people living with epilepsy often face in 
Rwanda, as well as the work that is being done 
to improve 
access, here.
Co-creating community-
centered approaches to 
Parkinsonʼs treatment 
Certain communities with individuals living with 
Parkinson's disease are underrepresented in clinical 
research. To address these gaps, UCB partnered 
with 14 community leaders, patients, caregivers and 
trial experts across the U.S. and U.K. to reimagine 
what equitable trial design can look like. 
Launched in early 2025, the Parkinson’s Health 
Equity in R&D Community Leaders Board provides 
strategic guidance to improve representation of 
underserved populations in Parkinson’s clinical trials. 
Together, we co-developed six community-
informed solutions focused on two priorities: 
1. Designing inclusive studies and embedding the 
patient voice across UCB’s clinical trials. 
2. Increasing awareness and understanding of R&D 
and clinical trials within underrepresented 
communities. 
We now have the ability to create trials that truly 
reflect real-world patient experiences because each 
solution includes actionable plans for inclusive 
recruitment and stronger retention. 
This approach is laying the foundation for research 
that improves evidence, strengthens equity and 
delivers better outcomes for people living with 
Parkinson’s, while shaping a model for inclusivity 
across UCB’s broader portfolio.
Initiatives to improve access span our entire value chain and include collaborations with many 
passionate people and inspiring organizations. Here are some of the highlights from our work in 2025.  


[page 17]
Patient engagement
We partner with patients, their caregivers and representatives 
across all stages of the lifecycle of our solutions, from early 
research to post launches. The UCB Patient Engagement 
Framework ensures that patients' voices are heard, and their 
insights are integral to our decision-making.
We leverage patient engagement initiatives and all available 
patient experience data to make sure our decision-making is 
informed by the strongest and most relevant insights from 
those living with diseases. This approach allows us to co-
create solutions with researchers, industry peers and the 
wider community end-to-end along the value chain — from 
research to delivery. 
394 
patient organizations engaged in 2025
Health of the planet
There is an intrinsic link between the health of the planet that 
we call home and the health of the humans who live on it. 
UCB is committed to making meaningful progress on its 
environmental sustainability journey by reducing its 
operational footprint and driving systemic change across the 
value chain. We continue to advance toward our net-zero 
climate ambition and our goals to reduce water consumption 
and waste generation across our sites – integrating green-by-
design principles into our processes, and minimizing the 
environmental impact of our medicines from the earliest 
stages of development. 
Our efforts also extend beyond our own operations: through 
dedicated guidance and engagement, we work closely with 
our suppliers to decrease our environmental impact across 
the value chain. And because lasting progress requires 
collective action, we actively advocate for systemic change, 
partnering with industry peers and broader coalitions to 
accelerate the transition to a more sustainable future.
77.6%
of our suppliers, by emissions, 
with CO2e target aligned with SBTi1
Health, safety and wellbeing
The value we create starts with our employees, because only 
colleagues who are safe and healthy can deliver their best 
and push boundaries. That is why we create working 
environments that are safe and stimulate collaboration, 
allowing our people to put all their energy and focus into 
discovering and providing essential treatments for those that 
need them.
We believe that injuries and dangerous incidents are 
preventable, and our global health, safety and wellbeing 
(HSWB) program prioritizes workplace safety, risk mitigation 
and employee wellbeing, putting in place processes to 
support proactive risk assessment, training, emergency 
preparedness and comprehensive health and safety 
management. 
81.2%
Health, Safety and Wellbeing Index
Our HSWB approach focuses on four key areas. Firstly, we 
aim to ensure that high health and safety standards are 
maintained everywhere for employees and third parties, 
aiming for zero occupational accidents. Secondly, we control 
and minimize the impact of chemicals on employees, the 
environment and communities to consciously reduce their 
use where possible. Thirdly, full compliance with all relevant 
regulations is embedded in every layer of our operations. 
Finally, we strive to create conditions for employee well-
being, development and fulfillment, resulting in a positive 
culture, better mental health and enhanced retention.
Inclusion
Inclusion is one of the values that guides how we collaborate 
and how we serve patients. We welcome different 
perspectives, respect every voice and work to make sure 
every colleague feels valued and empowered. We actively 
embed inclusion principles into every layer of our operations 
through initiatives like inclusive recruitment, performance 
management, pay equity and active employee communities. 
That means recruiting and retaining individuals who share our 
values, can manage complexity and drive performance – 
whatever their background. This makes our culture stronger, 
fuels new ideas and helps us create real change for people 
living with severe diseases.
71.8%
Inclusion index
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 17
UCB's purpose & strategy continued
1. Science Based Targets initiative or similar initiatives.

[page 18]
Ethical business practices
Our commitment to always acting with integrity extends 
across every employee and business partner around the 
world. This includes how we comply with laws and standards 
as well as how we leverage emerging technologies such as AI 
in a way that is both efficient as well as accurate, ethical and 
responsible. It also encompasses how we continuously 
strengthen a culture of ethical leadership that prioritizes 
dialogue, collaboration and respect. Our "Leading Through 
Ethics" strategy builds on our longstanding commitment to 
ethics and business integrity by equipping colleagues at all 
levels with the skills, tools and support needed to navigate 
today’s complex decision-making landscape. By fostering a 
culture that embeds ethical consciousness across the 
organization, we aim to align every decision made with 
UCB’s broader vision of becoming a responsible and 
forward-looking healthcare leader.
93%
of employees said they did not observe any 
unethical behavior or business misconduct 
in the prior twelve months at UCB, which is 
12 points above external benchmark1
For more details on our work across these focus areas, 
please see the Sustainability Statement on pages 47.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 18
UCB's purpose & strategy continued
1. Result compared with Peer Benchmark Data, provided by the 
Ethisphere platform for companies using this or a similar 
platform for comparison purposes.

[page 19]
Collaborating across the pharmaceutical 
ecosystem
Market volatility, technological change and the increasing 
effects of the climate crisis all impact the health needs of 
communities and the ability of healthcare systems to meet 
them. We are committed to being an active partner in 
creating and delivering the health solutions that make a 
difference to society. 
In 2025, we continued to work with stakeholders to advance 
science, shape better care pathways, promote equitable 
access and decrease our impact on the environment. These 
collaborators challenge our thinking and expose us to new 
ideas and viewpoints. By connecting the patient community, 
employees, partners and technology, we aim to nurture a 
powerful network for innovation.
Outside of extending the reach of our medicines, we also use 
elective, strategic partnerships to enhance our internal 
capabilities and accelerate innovation. In 2025, UCB entered 
a license agreement to use XtalFold™, Ailux Biologics’ AI-
driven platform that delivers rapid, accurate structural insights 
to accelerate biologics discovery and engineering. We also 
expanded our digital innovation efforts through a strategic 
collaboration with Domino Data Lab to modernize a next-
generation Statistical Computing Environment for the life 
sciences industry.  
Evolving the way we work 
Our digital transformation strategy is connecting data, people 
and science to create value across our global footprint. As 
well as driving internal efficiencies, embedding digital thinking 
and tools throughout our value chain is improving how we 
discover, develop and deliver our differentiated solutions.
Digital innovation is transforming how we design and run 
clinical studies. Our Digital Smart Trials Hub in the U.K., 
developed with King’s College London and the U.K. 
Government, is pioneering data-driven, inclusive trial 
methods. This collaboration aims to make research faster, 
more efficient and more representative. Our collaborations 
with Schrödinger are also integrating advanced modeling and 
computational design, to accelerate discovery and enhance 
data quality across key R&D pillars such as multi-specific 
medicines and digital antibody engineering.
Data analytics, AI and machine learning are accelerating our 
development activities. This year, we continued to enhance 
patient accessibility and engagement through Decentralized 
Clinical Trials (DCT) and dedicated digital platforms such as 
ONWARD™ and CIMplicity®. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 19
UCB's purpose & strategy continued
ESG ratings
13.7
Sustainalytics
2024: 13.7
AA
MSCI
2024: AA 
B- 
ISS ESG
2024: B- 
A
CDP Climate Change 
2024: A-
A-
CDP Water Security 
2024: A-
B
Carbon Score® 
by Axylia & BeTruth20

[page 20]
Our therapeutic focus
We focus our deep scientific expertise, patient understanding and resources on carefully chosen areas of high unmet need. By advancing treatments 
in immunology, neurology and other areas where our expertise can elevate individual lives, we contribute to the long-term health, resilience and 
wellbeing of societies around the world.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 20
Neurology
• Alzheimer’s disease 
• Epilepsy and rare epileptic syndromes 
• Generalized myasthenia gravis  
• Myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein (MOG) 
antibody disease 
• Parkinson’s disease 
• Thymidine Kinase 2 deficiency
Immunology
• Atopic dermatitis 
• Ankylosing spondylitis 
• Crohn’s disease
• Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease  
• Hidradenitis suppurativa 
• Juvenile idiopathic arthritis 
• Non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis
• Non Cystic Fibrosis Bronchiectasis 
• Osteoporosis
• Palmoplantar pustulosis 
• Plaque psoriasis 
• Psoriatic arthritis 
• Rheumatoid arthritis 
• Systemic lupus erythematosus

[page 21]
Immunology 
We want to create a world free from the burden of immune-
mediated inflammatory diseases. Although there have been 
significant advances in how these diseases are treated, there 
is still a lot of work to do to reduce the huge strain they place 
on people and their support systems. This year, we continued 
to harness evidence-based, differentiated science to deliver 
medicines that address a wide range of unmet needs.
2025 saw BIMZELX®, EVENITY® and CIMZIA® demonstrate 
our sustained performance based on our legacy of scientific 
innovation. Following the successful global launches of 
BIMZELX® across multiple indications and regions, we 
continued to expand its potential into new disease areas 
throughout 2025. The performance of our portfolio is 
complemented by a pipeline that includes assets such as 
dapirolizumab pegol in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE) 
and galvokimig in atopic dermatitis (AtD). We remain 
dedicated to advancing our leadership in immunology and 
transforming care for people living with immunological 
diseases through continuously evolving our approach to 
clinical research through data generation.
Our portfolio
The strength of our immunology portfolio comes from a 
foundation of targeted innovation combined with disciplined 
execution and a clear commitment to delivering patient value.
BIMZELX® remained a strong growth engine across multiple 
indications and geographies. It is testimony to the strength of 
our approach – differentiated science at scale supported by 
cross-functional collaboration and agile launches. The first 
and only IL-17A and IL-17F inhibitor, BIMZELX® is now 
approved in 51 countries and by 22 regulatory authorities 
worldwide, reaching over 116 000 patients across the globe. 
In 2025 further evidence confirmed the effectiveness of 
BIMZELX® as a treatment for a range of complex and 
challenging immunological conditions with significant unmet 
needs, driving strong adoption across all five approved 
indications – psoriasis (PSO), psoriatic arthritis (PsA), 
ankylosing spondylitis (AS), non-radiographic axial 
spondyloarthritis (nr-axSpA)and hidradenitis suppurativa (HS). 
This expanding evidence base reinforced BIMZELX’s sustained 
long-term efficacy and durable disease control across the 
rheumatology and dermatology portfolio.
For psoriasis, data presented at the American Academy of 
Dermatology (AAD) confirmed that two thirds of patients 
maintained complete skin clearance over five years, 
highlighting the potential of BIMZELX® to provide long-term 
management of this chronic inflammatory condition.
Multiple BIMZELX® data readouts in HS demonstrated that 
disease control, improvements in skin pain, resolution of 
draining tunnels and zero draining tunnel count were 
sustained to three years, offering hope for long-term disease 
management and reduced burden for people living with HS. 
Three-year data presented at The European Alliance of 
Associations for Rheumatology (EULAR) showed the potential 
of BIMZELX® for long-term inflammation control. Lasting 
improvements in physical function were seen across the full 
spectrum of patients with AS and nr-axSpA. 
Over half of PsA patients maintained symptom relief, 
complete skin clearance and elimination of swollen joints at 
three years. 
Looking ahead, our latest Phase 3b BE BOLD head-to-head 
study in psoriatic arthritis comparing BIMZELX® to SKYRIZI® is 
expected to read out in 2026. 
As the only approved sclerostin inhibitor, EVENITY® is a core 
part of our immunology portfolio. With 1.3 million patients 
treated worldwide, EVENITY® differentiates with its mode of 
action. It achieves a dual effect of increasing bone formation 
while decreasing bone resorption and reducing secondary 
fracture risk among postmenopausal women with severe 
osteoporosis. Globally, osteoporosis remains massively 
underdiagnosed and undertreated. One in three women over 
50 will suffer a fragility fracture1 (a clinical signal of underlying 
osteoporosis), but up to 80% are not diagnosed or treated2. 
And despite global guidelines recommending bone-forming 
agents for women at very high fracture risk, only 4–7% of 
eligible patients receive one. We are continuing to invest in 
further evidence generation to fully realize the benefits 
EVENITY® can bring in this area. Our Fracture Liaison Service 
Academy & Network (FAN) program helps hospitals establish 
centers of excellence and train specialists in optimal bone 
health management.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 21
Our therapeutic focus continued
Find out more
1. More Than Just a Fracture: A Call to Action on Osteoporosis and Bone Health in the Context of Healthy Aging. Available:  
https://globalcoalitiononaging.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/GCOA_BHI_More-Than-Just-a-Fracture_Definition-CTA_Oct2022.pdf.
Last accessed: December 2025. 
2. Diffenderfer, B. W., Wang, Y., Pearman, L., Pyrih, N., & Williams, S. A. (2023). Real-World Management of Patients With Osteoporosis at Very High 
Risk of Fracture. The Journal of the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons, 31(6), e327–e335. Available: https://journals.lww.com/10.5435/
JAAOS-D-22-00476. Last accessed: December 2025.
“In 2025 further evidence confirmed the effectiveness of BIMZELX® 
as a treatment for a range of complex and challenging 
immunological conditions with significant unmet needs.”


[page 22]
Delivering better outcomes 
for people living with hidradenitis 
suppurativa 
HS is one of the most painful, misunderstood and often 
untreated chronic inflammatory diseases. For many, 
it brings years of diagnostic delay, unpredictable flares 
and a significant emotional burden. In 2025, we deepened 
our commitment to transforming the future of HS 
treatment through a framework laid out in our UCB Vision 
Report 2025.
At UCB, we imagine an HS-free world. And we’re taking 
steps to make it a reality. Our approach is built around 
three core pillars:
Revolutionizing science
We are advancing scientific understanding of HS through 
collaborations that uncover the biology behind the disease 
and enable more personalized approaches to care. Our 
partnership with Stanford University is exploring digital 
phenotyping and computational discovery of HS 
mechanisms, while joint research with the University of 
California San Francisco is building one of the most 
comprehensive HS patient registries to support biomarker 
and real-world evidence generation.
Redefining care
Improving care for people with HS requires earlier 
diagnosis and consistent, evidence-based intervention. 
We are investing in education for healthcare professionals 
through initiatives such as HIDRACENSUS 7.3 in Europe 
and the Make HStory campaign in the U.S., aimed to help 
clinicians identify HS sooner and intervene within the 
crucial window of opportunity.
Restoring humanity
Driving progress in HS means going beyond medicines 
to address stigma, isolation and disparities in access. 
Through live events bringing together representatives 
of the HS community, collaborations with patient 
organizations and digital storytelling partnerships, 
we are amplifying patient voices and building stronger 
community support. Engagement with the HS Coalition in 
the U.S. is further helping advance policy changes aimed 
at improving access and addressing inequities in care.
CIMZIA® remains a cornerstone of UCB’s immunology legacy. 
It is a foundational anti-TNF therapy approved in seven 
indications worldwide, that continues to generate insights 
and differentiated clinical value. In 2025, CIMZIA® received 
approval in the U.S. for the treatment of active polyarticular 
juvenile idiopathic arthritis (pJIA) in patients two years of age 
and older. Its unique Fc-free molecular structure makes it 
especially suitable for women of childbearing age and for 
rheumatoid arthritis patients with high rheumatoid factor 
levels, providing personalized treatment options where safety 
and precision matter most. 
Our pipeline 
People living with conditions such as lupus, atopic dermatitis 
and other immuno-dermatological indications need treatments 
that make real, long-term improvements in their lives. Our 
immunology pipeline reflects our commitment to seeking 
new ways to deliver meaningful solutions to treat severe 
diseases and explore new tools, technologies and partnerships. 
In 2025, we continued our second Phase 3 trial for 
dapirolizumab pegol1, our novel Fc-free anti-CD40L 
therapeutic designed to broadly modulate multiple 
inflammatory pathways central to systemic lupus 
erythematosus (SLE). Thanks to its unique mode of action, 
dapirolizumab pegol has the potential to rebalance the 
immune system in a disease area where women are 
disproportionately affected and treatment options are limited. 
Dapirolizumab pegol delivered statistically significant 
improvement of moderate-to-severe disease activity at Week 48 
using BICLA, an established, composite primary efficacy 
endpoint for measurement of clinical disease activity based 
on patient medical history, clinical examination and laboratory 
tests. We were also able to showcase further analyses of our 
first Phase 3 trial with dapirolizumab pegol at EULAR, showing 
efficacy across multiple clinical endpoints, including fatigue 
and measures of disease activity.  
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 22
Our therapeutic focus continued
1. Dapirolizumab pegol is currently in clinical development and is not authorized for use by any regulatory authority worldwide.

[page 23]
Our next-generation multispecific antibody platform took a 
major step forward with galvokimig. This molecule is 
engineered to simultaneously inhibit IL-13, IL-17A and IL-17F, 
thereby targeting multiple inflammatory pathways involved in 
atopic dermatitis. New proof-of-concept data in atopic 
dermatitis, presented at the European Academy of 
Dermatology and Venereology (EADV) congress in 2025, 
showed clinically meaningful improvements. This is an 
example of our differentiated science and deep 
immunological understanding enabling the design of 
therapies that modulate multiple drivers of inflammation at 
once. Following the positive Phase 2a results, we have 
initiated a Phase 2b dose-finding study. 
We also continued to advance bimekizumab through a new 
clinical program designed to extend its benefits to patient 
populations that have historically struggled to get adequate 
care. The BE SEEN Phase 3 program was initiated in 2025 to 
evaluate bimekizumab in Palmoplantar Pustulosis (PPP), a 
painful and debilitating inflammatory skin disease with no 
approved treatment options in the U.S., EU or China. PPP 
represents a severely burdened population, and we believe 
that BIMZELX® has real potential to help them manage their 
condition more effectively.
Pediatric studies for bimekizumab in psoriasis, HS and juvenile 
idiopathic arthritis progressed throughout the year. We are 
investigating the potential of extending the medicine’s dual 
IL-17A/ F inhibition into younger populations where treatment 
choices are often limited and long-term disease burden can 
be significant. This expansion underscores our aim to 
establish BIMZELX® as a foundational therapy across multiple 
inflammatory diseases.
Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is a chronic, 
unpredictable autoimmune condition that affects multiple 
organs. An estimated 90% of people living with lupus are 
women, with individuals of African, Hispanic, Asian and 
Native American descent facing a greater risk of early 
onset and more severe disease.  
While lupus affects organs, mobility and long-term health, 
many people living with the disease also experience deep 
fatigue. This symptom often goes unaddressed because 
healthcare professionals have no effective treatment to 
offer their patients. 
Pairing rigorous science with deep patient engagement 
UCB worked with leading patient organizations from the 
U.S. and Europe to understand how we can better support 
SLE patients dealing with severe fatigue.
This collaboration produced FATIGUE-PRO, the first lupus-
specific tool designed to meaningfully capture the unique 
lived experience of lupus fatigue. Developed with patients 
and refined through close patient–expert collaboration, 
FATIGUE-PRO reflects dimensions of fatigue that generic 
scales do not cover – such as the mental, cognitive and 
physical fatigue, central to the patient experience of living 
with lupus. 
A differentiated, evidence-driven opportunity  
Dapirolizumab pegol (DZP) is a novel Fc-free anti-CD40L 
therapy that targets a central pathway in lupus 
pathogenesis. Results from the Phase 3 PHOENYCS GO 
study showed that DZP delivered statistically significant 
reduction in disease activity and enabled patients to 
reduce glucocorticoid doses. These outcomes matter to 
patients not only for long-term organ protection - beyond 
stabilizing disease activity across multiple domains and 
outcome measures, DZP also improved fatigue. This unique 
observation has been reinforced through UCB’s patient 
advisory boards and discussions with lupus advocates.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 23
Our therapeutic focus continued
Listening, co-creating and advancing science in the treatment of 
systemic lupus erythematosus


[page 24]
Neurology
For more than three decades, we have 
been building our leadership in neurology, 
advancing a portfolio that reflects both 
scientific depth and geographic reach. 
During that time, our medicines have 
helped improve the lives of millions of 
people around the world. 
Central to our mission is a commitment to ongoing 
collaboration with healthcare professionals, patients and their 
caregivers. Their insights help us better understand the reality 
of living with a neurological condition, the areas where our 
differentiated innovation can have the greatest impact and 
opportunities to further expand access to our medicines. 
Our portfolio 
Our neurology portfolio is a key pillar of our growth and long-
term differentiation. 2025 saw continued strong commercial 
momentum across both established and newly launched 
medicines, supported by disciplined execution and expanding 
patient access.
In 2025, we made significant strides in improving care for 
people living with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG), 
driven by the continued global rollout of RYSTIGGO® and 
ZILBRYSQ®. Our expanding global footprint helps ensure that 
patients around the world gain access to a dual therapy 
portfolio of targeted treatment options supported by an 
innovative patient experience model. Through our state-of-
the-art patient support program, we have meaningfully 
improved the journey to start and stay on therapy, 
strengthening adherence and overall patient outcomes. 
Our commitment to scientific leadership remained unwavering. 
At the 2025 AANEM Annual Meeting and MGFA Scientific 
Session, our team presented new data demonstrating 
corticosteroid-sparing potential, quality-of-life improvements 
and long-term tolerability and effectiveness associated with 
our therapies. This further validated the clinical benefit our 
solutions can have for people living with gMG. 
Regulatory momentum in 2025 significantly broadened the 
reach of RYSTIGGO®. Approvals in Europe, China and Japan 
now allow self-administration via infusion pump or manual 
push, giving patients more flexibility and autonomy. In Japan, 
the launch of the ONWARDTM home delivery and support 
program further enhanced patient independence, offering 
comprehensive care coordination and 24/7 digital resources. 
Our next-generation C5i therapy, ZILBRYSQ®, achieved major 
global milestones as the first self-administered, targeted C5 
complement inhibitor for gMG. We secured reimbursement 
and regulatory progress across several key geographies such 
as Germany, and approvals in Korea, China and Hong Kong. 
Importantly, ZILBRYSQ® became the first C5i product listed in 
Quebec, Canada, marking a significant step forward in 
Canadian market access. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 24
Our therapeutic focus continued
Find out more
“Our expanding global gMG 
footprint helps ensure that 
patients around the world 
gain access to a dual therapy 
portfolio of targeted 
treatment options supported 
by an innovative patient 
experience model.”


[page 25]
FINTEPLA® continues to deliver meaningful benefits for 
people living with rare epileptic syndromes. This year, data 
published in Epilepsy and Behavior showed sustained positive 
outcomes for children and adults with Lennox–Gastaut 
Syndrome (LGS), including a reduction in the frequency of 
seizures, improved functioning and improvements in levels of 
anxiety and depression in caregivers. 
Our pipeline 
Our epilepsy portfolio targets different forms of epilepsies and 
other seizure disorders through a clustered approach that 
unites research, expertise and patient insights across 
interconnected disease areas. This strategy leverages our 
established foundation to accelerate progress for people with 
rare and difficult-to-treat epilepsies. 
Already established as a foundational therapy in Dravet 
Syndrome (DS) and LGS, fenfluramine achieved a positive 
Phase 3 read-out in CDKL5 deficiency disorder (CDD). This 
ultra-rare and severe developmental and epileptic 
encephalopathy with refractory infantile-onset epilepsy and 
severe global neurodevelopmental delays often results in 
intellectual, motor, cortical visual and sleep impairments as 
major features. Following these results, we plan to submit the 
data for regulatory approval to make this potential treatment 
available for people living with CDD.
A phase 3 study is also planned in Rett Syndrome — 
a severe (genetic) neurodevelopmental disorder that occurs 
predominantly in females. With a high unmet need and 
limited treatment options, the start of the program is planned 
for H1 2026. 
Additionally, a tablet formulation of FINTEPLA® is underway to 
bring further value to patients and caregivers with an easy-to-
administer option.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 25
Our therapeutic focus continued
Camp Small Steps: Creating a 
support infrastructure for 
Dravet Syndrome families 
For families living with developmental and epileptic 
encephalopathies (DEEs), daily life is shaped by the 
need for safety, sensory awareness and routine. It can 
be hard to provide children with experiences that other 
families may take for granted, such as everyday 
outdoor activities. 
In 2025, UCB U.S. partnered with the Dravet Syndrome 
Foundation (DSF) to build Camp Small Steps. Every 
detail of this first-of-its-kind, sensory-safe, fully 
accessible camp experience was shaped by insights 
from people living with Dravet Syndrome (DS) and 
caregivers. In 2025, the pilot program delivered five 
camp events, helping over 448 members of the DS 
community to create new family memories without 
fear or limitation.  
The response from the community has been 
extraordinary, with 96% of caregivers surveyed saying 
they would attend again. Attendees have shared their 
experiences widely within DSF’s private Facebook 
group of 3 500 members, helping spread awareness 
through authentic word of mouth. This shows how 
many families could benefit from projects like Camp 
Small Steps, and we are proud to be part of the growing 
support infrastructure for families living with DEEs.  


[page 26]
STACCATO® alprazolam, a hand-held, single-use inhaler for the 
rapid termination of seizure at risk of becoming prolonged, has 
entered Phase 3, with the potential to provide patients and 
caregivers with a fast, easy-to-administer rescue option during 
active seizures. 
Our pipeline came to fruition with the approval of KYGEVVITM 
(doxecitine and doxribtimine) by the U.S. FDA for the 
treatment of adults and pediatric patients living with 
Thymidine Kinase 2 deficiency (TK2d), with an age of 
symptom onset on or before 12 years, representing the first 
and only approved treatment for this ultra-rare, life-
threatening, genetic mitochondrial disease. Positive opinion 
for KYGEVVI® was received from the Committee for 
Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European 
Medicines Agency (EMA) in January 2026. 
RYSTIGGO® is in Phase 3 for MOG Antibody-Associated 
Disease (MOGAD) and we plan to initiate a Phase 3 trial in 
ocular myasthenia gravis in 2026 - further maximizing the 
potential of the FcRn mode of action. 
In Alzheimer’s disease, bepranemab1, UCB's antibody 
targeting a central tau epitope, delivered encouraging Phase 
2a data, providing the first biological and clinical evidence for 
the effect of a potential disease-modifying therapy targeting a 
central tau epitope. While the primary endpoint was not met 
in the full study population, consistent benefits were observed 
across predefined patient subgroups. We are engaging in 
continued dialogue with regulators on the next phase of 
development.In movement disorders, glovadalen2, an orally 
available, brain-penetrant small molecule for Parkinson’s 
disease, showed positive Phase 2a results, indicating 
promising symptom control and tolerability. 
A global, expert-led, peer-driven forum, RDCN continues 
to deliver world-class education rooted in robust adult 
learning principles. 
RDCN was conceived in 2021 to improve evidence-based 
practice and patient outcomes in myasthenia gravis (MG). 
RDCN cultivates a global community of neuromuscular 
specialists, nurses, pharmacists, patient organizations and 
the broader multidisciplinary team, to transform 
knowledge and care in MG.  
The meeting had an impressive global attendance of 36 
international esteemed faculty and Steering Committee 
members, 144 MG specialists from 25 countries, 17 nurse 
specialists from five countries and 21 patient organization 
representatives from 16 countries.  
A defining feature of RDCN is its dedicated patient 
organization track, which ensures that people living with 
MG, caregivers and organizations representing rare disease 
communities can collaborate with both healthcare 
professionals (HCP) and patient organizations (PO) 
participating in both the HCP and PO track.  
The program continues to deliver on its stated ambition by 
meeting its pre-defined outcomes of success, with the 
program rated as "world-class" based on likelihood to 
recommend and >80% of participants strongly agreeing 
that they will apply the knowledge from the meeting to 
their clinical practice. RDCN has also won several industry 
awards for its educational program and design. In 2025, 
RDCN won a Silver Effie Europe Award in the newly 
created Health Effectiveness category; this recognition 
highlights RDCN as an impactful, evidence-driven medical 
education initiative that improves healthcare professional 
behavior, clinical practice and ultimately patient outcomes.
“Rarely do we see such 
international representation 
and knowledge exchange in MG.” 
Professor Sarah Hoffmann, Senior Neurologist, 
Department of Neurology, Charité – 
Universitätsmedizin Berlin
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 26
Our therapeutic focus continued
Celebrating five years of the ground-breaking 
Rare Disease Connect in Neurology (RDCN) program 
1. Bepranemab is currently in clinical development and is not authorized 
for use by any regulatory authority worldwide.
2. Glovadalen is currently in clinical development and is not authorized 
for use by any regulatory authority worldwide.

[page 27]
Expanding access, driving future innovation
This timeline highlights the breadth of real-world and clinical data supporting UCB’s immunology and neurology 
medicines, shared across the most respected, top-tier scientific congresses over the past year. Together, these show the 
depth and rigor of evidence underpinning our commitment to advancing care for people living with severe diseases.
Immunology
Neurology
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 27
Our therapeutic focus continued
EHSF — Two-year data from 
the BE HEARD trials for 
BIMZELX® showed sustained 
disease control in HS. 
AAD — Five-year data for 
BIMZELX® showed 
sustained skin clearance 
and long-term efficacy in 
moderate-to-severe PSO. 
MDA — We presented data 
from studies involving our  
pyrimidine nucleoside 
therapy, doxecitine and 
doxribtimine, in people living 
with TK2d. 
AD/PD — We presented eight scientific 
abstracts, including key data from our 
innovative neurodegeneration research 
programs in Parkinson’s and 
Alzheimer’s disease.  
UMDF — We gave three 
presentations, including 
on data on the disease 
course of TK2d 
in untreated patients. 
IEC —  Data from an open-
label extension study showed 
the long-term safety of 
FINTEPLA® and global 
functioning in children and 
adults with DS or LGS. 
EAN — We presented six 
abstracts including new 
data and analyses with 
significance for people 
living with epilepsies and 
gMG.  
AAN — We presented 24 abstracts 
on a range of diseases such as rare 
epilepsies DS and LGS, gMG and TK2d. 
EULAR — Three-year data from Phase 
3 trials for BIMZELX® showed lasting 
efficacy and control of inflammation 
in PsA and nr-axSpA. Phase 3 data for 
dapirolizumab pegol* also showed 
improvement in fatigue and a 
reduction in disease activity for SLE. 
EADV — We announced the results of the 
first successful first-in-patient trial for 
galvokimig* in moderate-to-severe AtD. 
BIMZELX® data also showed sustained 
disease control and remission for HS and 
moderate-to-severe PSO. 
ACR — Three-year rheumatology 
data for BIMZELX® demonstrated 
sustained inflammation control 
in PsA and nr-axSpA. 
MDS — We presented the latest 
Phase 2a data of glovadalen* in 
Parkinson's disease.
AANEM — We presented 18 
abstracts, including new 
post-hoc analyses 
considering corticosteroid 
dose tapering during 
treatment with RYSTIGGO® 
and the impact of ZILBRYSQ® 
on MG-QoL15r items. 
AES —  We presented primary 
efficacy and safety results from a 
Phase 3 study of fenfluramine in 
CDD, final results from a long-
term open-label extension study 
of FINTEPLA® in DS and LGS, 
and findings on the disease 
burden of developmental and 
epileptic encephalopathies.
EPNS — We presented 
abstracts on TK2d and 
epilepsies, including 
rare developmental 
and epileptic 
encephalopathies such 
as DS and LGS.
WCO-IOF-ESCEO — Findings from 
real-world evidence studies showed 
the effectiveness romosozumab for 
patients at high fracture risk.
MGFA — Multiple data sets from 
across our portfolio in gMG 
presented, including RYSTIGGO® 
and ZILBRYSQ®.
More information about these congresses and data can be found on previous pages of this report and on our website www.ucb.com
* This molecule is in clinical development and is not authorized for use by any regulatory authority worldwide.

[page 28]
Progress in our countries in 2025
Across our geographies, our teams work to expand access and strengthen health systems. While each market 
is different, our focus is always translating our innovation into positive outcomes for people living with severe 
diseases. The following case studies show some of the work our teams have done this year.
U.K.: Strengthening our role as a 
trusted supplier to the National 
Health Service
In 2025, UCB completed the U.K. Home Office Modern 
Slavery Assessment Tool (MSAT) as part of its ongoing 
commitment to identifying and managing modern 
slavery risks within its supply chain. MSAT is a 
recognized risk identification and management tool 
designed to help public sector organizations and their 
suppliers understand where modern slavery risks may 
exist across the goods and services they procure. 
As an Evergreen Supplier to the 
National Health Service (NHS), 
UCB is committed to net zero and 
ethical supply chain targets. 
Using MSAT to assess our governance, policies and 
processes for managing modern slavery risks is a key part 
of this commitment. We achieved an overall score of 78%, 
including 100% scores for governance and for policies and 
procedures. The assessment identified opportunities to 
further strengthen risk assessment, management 
and due diligence. We are committed to 
continue enhancing our approach to 
modern slavery. 
Canada: Partnering 
with Muscular 
Dystrophy Canada
UCB Canada’s long-term 
partnership with Muscular 
Dystrophy Canada (MDC) 
continued to elevate the voices 
of those living with generalized myasthenia gravis 
( g M G )  i n  2 0 2 5 .    
One highlight of the year was our work together to 
secure a national earned media feature on CTV News. 
The feature centered around an MDC-supported 
patient sharing their story and insight as someone living 
with gMG. This impactful moment amplified patient 
experiences, helped to drive public understanding and 
a d v o c a t e  f o r  m o r e   e q u i t a b l e   t r e a t m e n t  a c c e s s .
These genuine patient insights from 
organizations like MDC are an essential 
part of our patient-centric innovation. 
Incorporating them early into our 
processes helps shape healthcare 
access strategies. 
Our ongoing collaboration with MDC shows how trusted 
relationships can be turned into powerful advocacy that 
helps secure better outcomes for the 
g M G   c o m m u n i t y   a c r o s s   C a n a d a .
Switzerland: Debuting an 
innovative and sustainability 
exhibition booth concept
A t   t h e  1 0 7 t h  S w i s s  S o c i e t y  o f  D e r m a t o l o g y  a n d  
Venereology (SGDV) conference in St. Gallen, 
U C B   p r e s e n t e d  a n  i n n o v a t i v e   e x h i b i t i o n  b o o t h   c o n c e p t  
c e n t e r e d  o n  s u s t a i n a b i l i t y  a n d  d i s e a s e  a w a r e n e s s .    
T h e  e x h i b i t i o n   u s e d  t h e  p r i n c i p l e s  o f  c i r c u l a r  e c o n o m y ,  
featuring Cradle to Cradle-certified solid wood, recycled 
plastic panels and untreated natural materials. Every 
e l e m e n t  w a s  d e s i g n e d  f o r  e a s y  s e p a r a t i o n ,  r e u s e   a n d  
r e c y c l i n g ,  w i t h  p a i n t s  a n d  a d h e s i v e s  a v o i d e d   t o  
m i n i m i z e   e n v i r o n m e n t a l  i m p a c t .   T r a d i t i o n a l  p r i n t e d  
graphics were replaced with low-power LED screens 
delivering flexible content. All information was provided 
d i g i t a l l y ,   e l i m i n a t i n g   d i s p o s a b l e  p r i n t o u t s ,  a n d  n o  
d i s p o s a b l e   g i v e a w a y s   w e r e  d i s t r i b u t e d .  L o c a l  s o u r c i n g  w a s 
prioritized for equipment, plants and catering, supporting 
r e g i o n a l   p a r t n e r s   a n d  r e d u c i n g  t r a n s p o r t  e m i s s i o n s .  
These measures resulted in savings of up 
to 2.5 tons of waste, setting a new 
benchmark for sustainable 
congress booths 
and exhibitions. 
We were also awarded the SSDV 
2025 Sustainability Award, helping 
to highlight the positive benefits 
of this approach even more.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 28


[page 29]
France: Promoting dialogue and 
innovation with UCBʼs third 
Patient Association meeting
UCB France held the third edition of its patient-focused 
meetings in 2025, with attendees from 20 French 
patient associations participating. Together, we 
explored how research by patients and for patients can 
be applied in practice to improve care pathways. The 
discussions highlighted the growing role of Patient-
Reported Outcomes (PROMs) in enhancing daily quality 
of life, and demonstrated how these tools can enrich 
clinical practice by supporting more open, meaningful 
dialogue between patients and healthcare 
professionals.
Participants also looked at real world 
examples of new approaches to research, 
including participatory methods and 
diverse partnership models. 
Beyond technical and methodological considerations, 
the meetings provided patient associations with a 
valuable opportunity to exchange perspectives, 
share experiences and collaborate 
in the co-creation of solutions 
that better reflect 
lived realities. 
Italy: Increasing patient 
involvement in National Health 
Service decisions
In partnership with Alta Scuola di Economia e 
Management dei Sistemi Sanitari (ALTEMS), Università 
Cattolica, UCB Italy held a “Sanità Partecipata” roundtable 
in Rome on October 30, 2025. The institutional meeting 
brought together representatives from parliament, 
scientific societies, patient associations and health 
institutions, including the Director General for Health 
Planning at the Ministry of Health and the Commissioner 
of the Italian National Agency for Regional Healthcare 
Services (AGENAS).  
The event focused on advancing a more equitable, 
sustainable and transparent National Health Service 
through the active involvement of patients in decision-
making. There is a clear shift occurring from services 
designed for people to policies built with people, 
reinforcing trust and shared responsibility across the 
health system. Insights generated during the roundtable 
will inform the development of a new governance model 
that places patient experience at its core, recognizing it as 
a strategic resource. This approach will align with 
emerging national and European regulatory frameworks 
while strengthening equity and access across the country. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 29
Progress in our countries continued
“The event focused on advancing a more 
equitable, sustainable and transparent 
National Health Service through the active 
involvement of patients in decision-making.”


[page 30]
Korea: Expanding 
patient access to 
new solutions
In Korea, UCB's heritage in 
epilepsy was complemented 
with the introduction of one of 
UCB's solution for people 
living with psoriasis.  
We are now delivering world-leading medicines for 
severe immunological diseases to Korea’s healthcare 
environment. By collaborating closely with patient 
groups, key opinion leaders, policymakers and 
decision-makers, we are helping to foster a more 
sustainable ecosystem for healthcare innovation. 
O u r  f o c u s   r e m a i n s   o n  e n s u r i n g  t h a t  K o r e a n  p a t i e n t s  
b e n e f i t   f r o m  n o v e l  t h e r a p i e s  t h a t  c r e a t e  r e a l  
i m p r o v e m e n t s  i n  t h e i r   q u a l i t y  o f  l i f e . 
Taiwan: Breaking barriers for 
rare epilepsy care
For more than four decades, regulatory restrictions 
have limited treatment options for people living with 
D r a v e t  S y n d r o m e  ( D S )  a n d  L e n n o x - G a s t a u t   S y n d r o m e  
( L G S )  i n  T a i w a n .   U C B  T a i w a n  t o o k  a c t i o n  t o  c r e a t e  
change with a focused 15-month advocacy effort, 
that united medical societies, patient organizations 
a n d  h e a l t h  a u t h o r i t i e s .    
The collaboration led to the first regulatory derestriction 
of a prohibited substance in Taiwan, making more 
effective treatments options available 
for people living with DS and LGS. 
The initiative not only transformed 
the local healthcare landscape 
but also set a new standard for 
regulatory innovation across 
t h e  i n d u s t r y . 
Türkiye: Cutting treatment 
approval times to one third of 
the national average 
UCB Türkiye redefined regulatory excellence by 
becoming one of the first companies to accelerate 
patient access to innovative therapies through global 
partnerships in 2025. Working with the Turkish 
Medicines Agency (TİTCK), the World Health 
Organization (WHO) and the European Medicines 
Agency (EMA), we successfully registered two 
breakthrough treatments for myasthenia gravis using 
WHO’s Collaborative Registration Procedure (CRP).  
This approach has reduced  approval 
times to just one third of the national 
average, enabling patients to receive 
life-changing treatments in record time. 
By championing best practices and navigating this new 
pathway, UCB Türkiye is helping to shape the future of 
r e g u l a t o r y  s c i e n c e  a n d  s e t t i n g   n e w  b e n c h m a r k s  f o r  
h o w  i n t e r n a t i o n a l  c o l l a b o r a t i o n  c a n  i n c r e a s e  a c c e s s .    
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 30
Progress in our countries continued
Australia: Advocating for patient access 
U C B  A u s t r a l i a  p a r t i c i p a t e d  i n   M e d i c i n e s  A u s t r a l i a ’ s  f l a g s h i p  a n n u a l  e v e n t ,  P h a r m A u s   2 0 2 5 ,  a l o n g  w i t h  
7 0 0  o t h e r  i n d u s t r y   s t a k e h o l d e r s  –  i n c l u d i n g  c l i n i c i a n s ,  p a t i e n t  g r o u p s  a n d  p o l i c y m a k e r s .  T o g e t h e r  t h e  
a t t e n d e e s  a d v o c a t e d  f o r  f a s t e r  a n d  m o r e   e q u i t a b l e   a c c e s s  t o  n e w  m e d i c i n e s  a l r e a d y  a p p r o v e d  b y  t h e  
country’s national regulatory authority, the Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA). 
The theme of the 2025 event was “The Best New Medicines When You Need Them” and we used 
our first exhibition to focus on HS. Our immersive booth recreated a seemingly normal living room 
to show the discomfort HS patients experience daily. This included features like using cushions filled 
with golf balls to simulate pain and spark engaging conversation. This interactive approach helped 
visitors, including Members of Parliament, understand the real impacts that delays in diagnosing HS 
can have on people living with disease.  

[page 31]
Brazil: Driving inclusive 
leadership and impact  
UCB Brazil appointed its first female General Manager, 
C y n t h i a   D i a f é r i a ,  i n  J a n u a r y  2 0 2 5 .  W e  a r e  a c t i v e l y  
promoting inclusion at the highest level to ensure 
decisions are always informed by the best available 
skills, experience and perspectives. True leadership is 
about creating space for people to do their best work 
while sustaining ambition and responsibility.  
Reflecting on her first year leading UCB Brazil, Cynthia said:
“In 2025, we advanced science, 
expanded access, and strengthened 
our role in caring for patients living 
with complex and rare diseases. This 
was possible thanks to a committed 
and inclusive team, united by the 
impact we aim to create.”  
Germany: 
Bridging the 
gap between 
generations
Like many countries, 
shifting demographics 
in Germany are 
impacting the country’s 
healthcare systems. 
With an aging workforce and many baby boomers 
nearing retirement, cross-generational collaboration is 
vital for inclusion, innovation and the retention 
o f   v a l u a b l e  k n o w l e d g e .  H o w e v e r ,  t h e r e  r e m a i n s  
prejudice and frustration between generations that 
needs to be overcome.  
With the goal of raising awareness, sparking dialogue 
and building meaningful connections, the German 
Inclusion Council launched Generations’ Month in 2025. 
The 31-day campaign featured flexible 
low-barrier activities, including one-to-
one cross-generational matching, 
coffee chats with small group 
discussions, an interactive exhibition 
and an external keynote by a mother/
daughter founder duo. 
There were also weekly news magazine features 
including book recommendations, participant 
feedback, best practices and deep dives. The campaign 
was a success, with over 100 keynote participants, 30 
matched generational pairs, six coffee chats and 
overwhelmingly positive feedback.
Japan: Showcasing Japanese 
innovation to the world
U C B  J a p a n  a n d  U C B  V e n t u r e s  h o s t e d   U C B  I n n o v a t i o n  
D a y   a t  t h e  B e l g i u m  P a v i l i o n  d u r i n g  t h e  O s a k a   K a n s a i 
E x p o  2 0 2 5 ,  i n  J u n e .  T h e  e x p o  s a w   o v e r  2 5 . 5  m i l l i o n  
v i s i t o r s   f r o m  A p r i l  t o  O c t o b e r ,  w i t h  o v e r   1 5 0  p a r t i c i p a t i n g  
n a t i o n s  a n d  r e g i o n s .    
D u r i n g  H e a l t h  a n d  W e l l b e i n g  W e e k ,   U C B  J a p a n  
i n v i t e d   d e c i s i o n - m a k e r s  f r o m  1 2  p i o n e e r i n g  J a p a n e s e  
s t a r t u p s  t o  s h o w c a s e   t h e i r  l a t e s t  b r e a k t h r o u g h s  a n d  
engage with venture capital firms and UCB 
r e p r e s e n t a t i v e s .   J a p a n  i s  a  l e a d e r  i n  m e d i c a l  r e s e a r c h ,  
with a robust drug discovery ecosystem and 
government initiatives aimed at globalizing startups. 
We gained valuable insights into each company’s 
s c i e n t i f i c  a c h i e v e m e n t s ,   l a y i n g   t h e  f o u n d a t i o n  f o r  
potential collaborations between UCB and these 
innovative enterprises.  
UCB Innovation Day was a significant 
milestone in our ongoing work to 
combine patient insights with 
cutting-edge solutions to 
address unmet patient 
needs worldwide.  
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 31
Progress in our countries continued

[page 32]
Spain: An award-winning 
approach to increasing access 
The UNION Project Spain is a groundbreaking initiative 
designed to improve equitable access to epilepsy care 
across Spain. The project was the result of close 
collaboration between UCB and scientific societies, 
clinical teams, hospital leadership, policymakers and 
patient associations. Together, we set out to address 
the lack of alignment between different healthcare 
stakeholders and the resulting inconsistencies in 
epilepsy management. 
The initiative standardized epilepsy 
care pathways across seven pilot 
hospitals, achieving more than 
60% adherence to optimized 
multidisciplinary epilepsy care 
management and treatment protocols. 
A major milestone was the seed to create the world’s 
first ‘seizure code’, guaranteeing 24/7 coordinated 
emergency epilepsy care and establishing a new 
benchmark for epilepsy management. This was 
complemented by simple, structured education 
materials about diagnosis and epilepsy management to 
help patients and families. The next phase would be to 
spread the project nationally, further enhance patient 
engagement and advocate for policy change. 
China: 
Embedding 
patient insights to 
drive innovation
UCB China is embedding 
patient perspectives into the 
earliest stages of development 
through engagement sessions with patients and 
caregivers living with Alzheimer’s disease (AD) and 
ocular myasthenia gravis (oMG). These sessions have 
generated rich, actionable insights that shaped study 
protocols and informed regulatory discussions. They 
have also guided the Chinese team’s global clinical 
r e s e a r c h  p r i o r i t i e s  a n d  d e s i g n  d e c i s i o n s .    
Early patient involvement is not only strengthening 
engagement, but it is also accelerating development 
a n d   o p t i m i z i n g   r e s o u r c e s .  
This helps us deliver solutions 
that genuinely reflect patient 
needs. Importantly, these initiatives 
elevate the patient voice on a global 
scale, fostering meaningful 
collaboration between patients, 
researchers and decision-makers, 
reinforcing the central role of patient-
centered value innovation in advancing 
healthcare worldwide. 
Mexico: Raising the bar for 
ethical leadership
UCB Mexico’s sustained commitment to integrity and 
ethical conduct was recognized at a national level as 
we were ranked fifth among ‘Mexico’s Most Ethical 
Companies’ in the AMITAI and El Economista study. We 
also achieved second place in the Ethical Philosophy 
category and fourth for Promotion of Ethical Culture.   
This achievement reflects a strong, continuous 
compliance education strategy led by the country’s 
leadership team. Compliance Week serves as a key 
catalyst, embedding ethical conduct and regulatory 
adherence into everyday operations rather than treating 
compliance as a one-off activity. 
In 2025, our General Manager personally 
led two Ethical Behavior Workshops, 
setting a clear tone from the top that 
ethics and compliance are core 
business values. 
This leadership-driven approach aligns local practices 
with global standards, strengthens governance and 
reinforces the message that integrity is a key 
driver of sustainable success. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 32
Progress in our countries continued

[page 33]
UCB’s performance in 2025
UCB’s success is underpinned by a holistic approach that 
takes a long-term, integrated view of how we will bring 
positive impact for people living with severe diseases, our 
colleagues and communities, our shareholders and minimize 
our environmental footprint.
This is reflected in the way we measure our performance, 
including how we drive growth and create value for 
shareholders (financial performance), as well as for patients 
and employees while minimizing our impact on the planet 
(extra financial performance) – as shown in the table 
opposite.
The financial and extra-financial data are reported for the 
period January 1 – December 31, 2025. In the case of Access 
to Medicines data, the reporting period is from October 1, 
2024 to September 30, 2025. 
Financial data is reported semi-annually, and extra financial 
data is reported annually. This Integrated Annual Report was 
published on February 26, 2026.
1. Corrected for the other operating one-offs, the adjusted EBITDA ratio 
for 2025 is 31.4%. 
2. This number includes assets that have progressed to phase 1 and 
beyond.
Financial performance
Value for Shareholders
Revenue (€ million)  6 152  7 741 
Adjusted EBITDA/revenue ratio 1  24.0%  34.0% 
R&D expense/revenue ratio  29%  24% 
Core earnings per share (€) 4.98 9.99
Dividend per share (€) 1.39 1.45
2024 2025
Extra-financial performance
Value for Patients
# Molecules in clinical development2 9 8
Access Coverage Performance Index  82%  78% 
Time to Access Index  55%  43% 
Value for People
Health, Safety and Wellbeing Index  64.1%  81.2% 
Inclusion index  70.8%  71.8% 
Value for Planet
Absolute reduction in Scope 1, 2 and 3 (except scope 3 category 1) 
CO₂e emissions  -33%  -35.8% 
% of suppliers (by CO₂e emissions)  committed to science based targets  67.8%  77.6% 
Absolute reduction in water withdrawal  -20%  -22% 
2024 2025
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 33


[page 34]
Product net sales
BIMZELX®
    >200%
2 227
607
2025
2024
FINTEPLA®
    +26%
427
340
2025
2024
RYSTIGGO®
    +65%
332
202
2025
2024
EVENITY®
    +33%
137
103
2025
2024
ZILBRYSQ®
    3 X 
217
72
2025
2024
Key highlights 
Financial performance 
Our strong financial performance is vital to ensure we have 
the resources to continue investing in innovation and fueling 
our growth – delivering long-lasting value to people living 
with neurological and immunological diseases. Revenue in 
2025 increased to € 7 741 million (+26%; +29% CER1) and net 
sales went up to € 7 388 million (+32%; +35% CER1). This 
growth was driven by the strong, consistent growth of UCB’s 
growth drivers: BIMZELX®,EVENITY®,FINTEPLA®,RYSTIGGO® 
and ZILBRYSQ®, thanks to strong execution. 
Adjusted EBITDA (Earnings before Interest, Taxes, 
Depreciation and Amortization charges) increased by 79% to 
€ 2 636 million (+87% CER1) reflecting double-digit revenue 
growth, improved gross margin due to improved product 
mix, higher operating expenses with good cost control driven 
by the strong investments behind the global launches 
combined with higher operating income due to the 
continued net earnings contribution for EVENITY® and the 
proceeds from product sale. The adjusted EBITDA ratio for 
2025 (in % of revenue) reached 34.0%, vs 24.0% in 2024. 
Corrected for other operating  one-offs, the adjusted EBITDA 
was € 2 431 million, representing an adjusted EBITDA ratio of 
31.4%.
Core earnings per share reached € 9.99 after € 4.98 in 2024 
based on stable € 190 million weighted average shares 
outstanding.
Financial guidance 2025 
The year 2026 will reflect UCB’s unwavering focus on 
innovation and execution excellence continuing to deliver 
results. The company’s strong momentum and resilience is 
supported by a portfolio of five differentiated growth drivers — 
BIMZELX®, RYSTIGGO®, ZILBRYSQ®, FINTEPLA®, and 
EVENITY® — each addressing significant unmet medical 
needs through unique mechanisms of action. The growth will 
be supported by expanding patient access for BIMZELX® and 
will overcompensate the expected net sales decline of 
BRIVIACT® due to loss of exclusivity in the U.S. and Europe.
For 2026, UCB is providing guidance at constant exchange 
rates. Providing financial guidance at constant exchange rates 
(CER) is a common practice among global companies. It 
supports understanding the underlying operational 
performance, improves comparability year over year and 
cross companies. 
Revenues are expected to grow in a high single-digit to low 
double-digit percentage range at CER. 
UCB will continue to invest behind launches around the 
globe to offer potential new solutions for people living with 
severe diseases and remains committed to invest into 
research and development advancing its early- and late-stage 
development pipeline. Underlying profitability, adjusted 
EBITDA, is expected to grow in a high-single-digit to high 
teens percentage range at CER. Corrected for other 
operating one-offs in 2025, adjusted EBITDA growth is 
expected in the high teens to high twenties percentage range 
at CER. 
The financial guidance 2026 as mentioned above is 
calculated on the same basis as the actual figures for 2025 
and is based on current rules and regulations.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 34
UCB's performance in 2025 continued
See financials Business performance review


[page 35]
Extra-financial performance
Extra-financial performance indicators provide a snapshot of 
how we work towards a healthier future – one where we 
strive to improve equitable access to our medicines, where 
we make our processes and medicines more environmentally 
sustainable, where our organization supports employees’ 
wellbeing and where inclusion guides how we collaborate 
and we serve patients.
Extra-financial performance indicators have been identified to 
assess, measure and report the key impact of our activities on 
society and the planet and relate to our material topics, as 
identified in the latest materiality assessment exercise.
UCB has continued to innovate to discover new solutions for 
people with severe immunological and neurological diseases, 
reflected in a clinical development pipeline with 8 molecules.
In 2025, we continued to pursue access for our medicines 
across various geographies. Our Access Coverage 
Performance index reached 78%, with 60 positive access 
cases including reimbursements, subnational level coverage 
and access programs. We remain committed to advancing 
our efforts to bring solutions on a timely basis to patients as 
measured by our Time to Access (TTA) Index. We did not 
reach our TTA target in 2025 as negotiations with payers have 
taken longer than expected in an economic environment 
where public budgets are under increasing pressure.
In 2025, we have also retained the availability of our 
medicines in several low- and medium-income countries 
(LMICs).
Looking at how we created value for employees, we have 
continued our journey to being an inclusive organization, 
putting the wellbeing of employees at the center of our 
programs. This is reflected in our results for 2025, with a 
positive progression of our health, safety and wellbeing index 
mostly driven by better safety results across the organization. 
Our inclusion index remained strong as we continue to 
embed inclusion principles into every layer of our operations.
At the same time, we advanced our efforts to reduce CO2e 
emissions with a specific focus on engaging with our 
suppliers who are driving most of our emissions.
Pursuing access 
for our medicines
commercialized by UCB or third-party distributors
FINTEPLA® BIMZELX®
40
countries
4
LMIC 
42 
countries
4
LMIC
RYSTIGGO® ZILBRYSQ®
17
countries
1
LMIC 
15
countries
0
LMIC
EVENITY® CIMZIA®
27
countries
2
LMIC 
55 
countries
11
LMIC
BRIVIACT® VIMPAT®
44
countries
3
LMIC 
52
countries
11
LMIC
KEPPRA®
48
countries
12
LMIC 
This strong performance has been recognized by ESG ratings, 
with Sustainalytics ranking UCB number 2 in the 
biotechnology sector, and CDP awarding us an A score for 
climate change, allowing us to join the 4% of A rated 
companies among 22,000+ worldwide disclosing 
companies.
In 2026 we are committed to progress on financial, 
environmental and social dimensions and remain leaders in 
terms of ESG ratings.
Clinical pipeline update 
UCB remains committed to innovation, continuously seeking 
new ways to deliver meaningful solutions for people living 
with severe immunological and neurological conditions. This 
commitment is reflected in its robust clinical development 
pipeline, which currently includes one post-approval (Phase 
4) asset, one asset in submission, and a diversified portfolio of 
four Phase 3 and three Phase 2 programs targeting distinct 
patient populations.
Also in 2025, UCB has initiated three global Phase 3 studies 
for bimekizumab in pediatric indications: psoriasis, 
hidradenitis suppurativa, and juvenile idiopathic arthritis. In 
addition, the company plans to launch in 2026 a phase 3 
program with fenfluramine for patients with Rett-syndrome 
and a phase 3 program with rosanolixizumab in ocular 
myasthenia gravis (oMG). UCB will explore the potential of 
galvokimig in respiratory diseases: two respiratory indications, 
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) and non-
cystic fibrosis bronchiectasis (NCFB), with respective proof of 
concept studies (phase 2a) are starting later in 2026.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 35
UCB's performance in 2025 continued

[page 36]
UCB’s management
UCB operates under a one-tier governance 
model, where the Company is administered 
by a Board of Directors and run by an 
Executive Committee. 
Three Board-level committees specialize in specific areas: the 
Audit Committee, Scientific Committee, and Governance, 
Nomination and Compensation Committee. Sustainability is a 
strategy matter for the entire Board, so there is no specific 
committee for it. 
More information about governance at UCB is in the UCB 
Corporate Governance Charter and Corporate Governance 
Statement.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 36
UCB’s Corporate Governance Charter
Corporate Governance Statement
Board of Directors
The Board sets the strategic direction of UCB, overseeing management performance and ensuring 
effective risk management and internal controls. To ensure focus, oversight and monitoring of 
critical  areas, the Board has created three specialist committees.
Governance, 
Nomination and 
Compensation 
Committee (GNCC)
The Governance, 
Nomination and 
Compensation 
Committee (GNCC) 
ensures that the 
appointment and 
re-election process is 
organized objectively 
and professionally. 
It also proposes the 
Remuneration Policy for 
Non-Executive Directors 
and executive managers.
Audit
Committee
The Audit Committee 
assists the Board in 
monitoring the 
management of UCB 
and the UCB Group 
as a whole.
Scientific 
Committee
The Scientific Committee 
assists the Board in 
reviewing the quality of 
UCB’s R&D and its 
competitive standing. 
It assesses the R&D 
strategy proposed by 
UCB’s management 
and communicates its 
recommendations to 
the Board.

[page 37]
Board of Directors
At December 31, 2025, UCB’s Board of Directors comprised 14 members, including 9 independent directors. As at 1 January 2026, UCB's Board of Directors comprises 15 members, including 10 
independent directors.
Jonathan Peacock
Independent Director, Chair of the Board
b. 1958
UCB Board mandate:
First appointed in 2021. End of term in 2029.
Experience:
Jonathan has more than 30 years’ 
pharmaceutical, biotechnology, corporate 
finance and strategy experience including 
global CFO roles at Amgen and Novartis 
Pharma, Board leadership in building young 
biotechnology companies and leadership 
roles in strategy and corporate finance as a 
partner at McKinsey and 
PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Main external appointments
• Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Bluesphere Bio, Inc.
• Board member of Real Chemistry 
• Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Avantor Inc* (End of term January 2026)
Jean-Christophe Tellier
Executive Director, CEO
b. 1959
UCB Board mandate:
First appointed in 2014. End of term in 2026.
Experience:
Jean-Christophe has over 35 years’ 
experience in the pharmaceutical sector with 
Ipsen and Novartis where he held several 
senior executive positions around the world.
Main external appointments
• Member of BCR (Biopharmaceutical CEOs 
Roundtable)
• Member of the Board of the European 
Federation of Pharmaceutical Associations 
(EFPIA)
• Member of the Board of PhRMA 
(Pharmaceutical Research and 
Manufacturers of America)
• Member of the Supervisory Board of Servier
• Member of the Board at Brain & Mind 
(representative of UCB France)
Charles-Antoine Janssen 
Director, Vice-chair of the Board
b. 1971
UCB Board mandate: 
First appointed in 2012. End of term in 2028.  
Experience: 
Charles-Antoine has over 20 years’ 
experience in operations, M&A and business 
development, including UCB where he held 
several management positions. He now 
manages private equity and impact investing 
activities. 
Main external appointments:
• Member of the Board of Financière de 
Tubize SA* 
• Co-founder & co-CEO Kois s.a.
• Managing Partner of HealthKois, 
HealthQuad 1 & 2
• Partner of Impact Expansion
• Board member of private companies
Jan Berger 
Independent Director
b. 1957
UCB Board mandate: 
First appointed in 2019. End of term in 2027. 
Experience: 
Jan has over 30 years of experience as a tri-
sector healthcare executive with proven 
results as a senior executive in private, public 
and government services. 
Main external appointments: 
• Member of the Board of BC Platforms 
(privately held)
• Member of the Board of Aitia (End of term 
September 2025)
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 37
Mandates of the Board members in listed companies are marked with an * 

[page 38]
Maëlys Castella 
Independent Director, Member of the Audit 
Committee 
b. 1966
UCB Board mandate:
First appointed in 2023. End of term in 2027. 
Experience: 
Maëlys has over 30 years of experience as a 
senior executive in finance, strategy and 
marketing for B2B and B2C industrial 
companies, including CFO role at Akzonobel 
and several executive positions at Air Liquide, 
and Total. She is also a Certified Executive 
Coach. 
Main external appointments: 
• Board member and Chair of Audit 
Committee of Arxada 
• Director of Aminona Consulting 
• Board member and Chair of the Audit 
Committee of BIC (End of term May 2025)
• Board member and Chair of the Audit 
Committee of C&A (End of term June 
2025) 
Kay Davies 
Independent Director, Chair of the GNCC, 
Member of the Scientific Committee 
b. 1951
UCB Board mandate: 
First appointed in 2014. End of term in 2026. 
Experience: 
Over 30 years in scientific research at Oxford 
University. 
Main external appointments: 
• Member of the Board of Directors of 
Oxford Biomedica* 
• Member of the Scientific Advisory Board of 
Sarepta Therapeutics 
• Non-executive Director of Thomas White 
Limited 
Nefertiti Greene
Independent Director, Member of the GNCC
b. 1971
UCB Board mandate:
First appointed in 2024. End of term in 2028.
Experience:
Nefertiti has over 30 years of health industry 
experience, spanning the pharmaceutical, 
medical technology and animal health 
sectors, through roles including Head of 
Enterprise Strategy and Chief of Staff to CEO 
at Johnson & Johnson, President of General 
Surgery at U.S. and Global Wound Closure 
Ethicon and President of Infectious Disease 
and Vaccine (IDV) at Janssen U.S..
Main external appointments:
• Global President of Mars Veterinary Health 
at Mars Petcare (Mars Inc., 2022-present)
• Member of the Executive Leadership 
Council (ELC)
• Member of the Board of Trustees; 
Member of Audit, Compliance and Risk, 
Quality and Finance Committees, 
Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP) 
(End of term December 2025)
Pierre Gurdjian 
Independent Director, Member of the GNCC 
b. 1961
UCB Board mandate: 
First appointed in 2016. End of term in 2028. 
Experience: 
Pierre was a Senior Partner at McKinsey for 
nearly three decades, and a senior 
professional in the field of philanthropy and 
education. He also sat as Chairman of the 
Board of Directors for Université libre de 
Bruxelles from 2016 to 2023.
Main external appointments: 
• Chair of the Board of Solvay*
• Member of the Board of Lhoist 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 38
Board of Directors continued
Mandates of the Board members in listed companies are marked with an * 

[page 39]
Stef Heylen
Director, Member of the Scientific Committee
b. 1958
UCB Board mandate: 
First appointed in 2025. End of term in 2029. 
Experience: 
Experienced executive with over 35 years in 
drug development and leadership roles, 
including CEO of Janssen Pharmaceutica NV 
and COO for Janssen R&D Worldwide. He 
currently serves as Chairman of the Board at 
AZ Turnhout and holds board positions at 
several hospitals and biotech companies, 
reflecting his commitment to healthcare 
innovation and sustainable development.
Main external appointments:
• Chairman of the Board of AZ Turnhout
• Board member of UZA 
• Board member of AZ Herentals
• Board member of ExeVir (representing 
SFPIM)
• Observer to the Board of reMYND 
(representing SFPIM)
• Board member of Alzheimer Liga Vlaanderen
Cyril Janssen
Director
b. 1971
UCB Board mandate:
First appointed in 2015. End of term in 2027.
Experience:
Cyril is a seasoned investor who has over 25 
years of experience in long-term family 
businesses, listed equity markets, venture 
capital and private equity. Cyril is also a 
Board member in several listed and privately 
owned companies and has a strong focus 
on ESG topics, notably on governance and 
human health and wellbeing.
Main external appointments:
• Member of the Board of Financière de 
Tubize SA*
• Member of the Board of FEJ SRL
• Member of the Board of several family-
owned companies
Fiona Powrie
Independent Director, Member of the 
Scientific Committee 
b. 1963
UCB Board mandate:
First appointed in 2025 (start of mandate in 
January 2026). End of term in 2029.
Experience:
An internationally recognized immunologist, 
who made pioneering contributions to 
understanding the immune system’s role in 
intestinal health and disease, and currently 
leads research translating these findings into 
clinical advances for inflammatory bowel 
disease patients. She has received numerous 
honors, including election to the Royal 
Society and the title of Dame Commander of 
the British Empire.
Main external appointments:
• Governor Wellcome Trust, Deputy Chair 
since 2021
• Director, Kennedy Institute of 
Rheumatology and Professor of 
Musculoskeletal Sciences, University of 
Oxford, UK
Cédric van Rijckevorsel
Director, Member of the Audit Committee
b. 1970
UCB Board mandate:
First appointed in 2014. Member of the Audit 
Committee since 2024. End of term in 2026.
Experience:
With over 20 years in the banking and 
financial sector, primarily in investment 
management, Cédric has built a global 
network of investors and key opinion leaders 
in digitalization, health tech, smart city 
technologies, blockchain and climate-related 
technologies.
Main external appointments:
• Member of the Board of Financière de 
Tubize SA*
• Member of the Board of Barnfin SA
• Managing and Founding Partner of 
AlgoScient Sàrl
• Independent Director of Apricus Finance 
(Switzerland)
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 39
Board of Directors continued
Mandates of the Board members in listed companies are marked with an * 

[page 40]
Rodolfo Savitzky
Independent Director, Chair of the Audit 
Committee
b. 1962
UCB Board mandate:
First appointed in 2016. End of term in 2028.
Experience:
Rodolfo has over 30 years of experience 
across pharmaceutical, consumer goods and 
IT services, including current Group CFO 
roles at Recipharm and previous CFO 
positions at Lonza and SoftwareOne. He has 
held diverse finance roles at Novartis and 
P&G and undertaken Board leadership in 
public and PE-backed companies.
Main external appointments:
• Member of the Executive Board of 
Recipharm
• Member of the Board of Directors of 
Worldline*
• Member of the Executive Board of 
SoftwareOne* (End of term May 2025)
• Member of the Board of Directors and the 
Audit Committee of EUROAPI S.A.* (End of 
term December 2025)
Dolca Thomas
Independent Director, Member of the 
Scientific Committee
b. 1970
UCB Board mandate:
First appointed in 2024. End of term in 2028.
Experience:
Dolca is a senior executive physician with 
over 20 years of medical, drug development 
and operations experience in healthcare and 
biotechnology industries. She gained formal 
clinical training in internal medicine, 
nephrology, transplant medicine and 
immunology.
Main external appointments:
• CEO and Board member for Neolaia
• Board member of Ventus Therapeutics. 
Chair of R&D committee
• Scientific Advisor of AnaptysBio*
• Senior Advisor at Samsara Biocapital
• Board member of Allakos Inc* (End of 
term May 2025)
Ulf Wiinberg
Independent Director, Member of the GNCC
b. 1958
UCB Board mandate:
First appointed in 2016. End of term in 2028.
Experience:
Ulf brings almost 20 years of senior 
leadership experience in pharmaceutical 
companies and healthcare industry 
associations.
Main external appointments:
• Member of the Board of Alfa Laval AB*
• Member of the Board of Mink 
Therapeutics*
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 40
Board of Directors continued
Mandates of the Board members in listed companies are marked with an * 

[page 41]
Executive Committee
At December 31, 2024, UCB’s Executive Committee comprises eight members. 
Jean-Christophe Tellier
CEO, Chairman of Executive Committee
b. 1959
UCB Executive Committee Mandate:
Joined UCB in 2011. Appointed CEO in 2015.
Experience:
Jean-Christophe has over 35 years’ 
experience in the pharmaceutical sector with 
Ipsen and Novartis where he has held several 
senior executive positions around the world.
Main external appointments:
• Member of BCR (Biopharmaceutical CEOs 
Roundtable)
• Member of the Board of the European 
Federation of Pharmaceutical Associations 
(EFPIA)
• Member of the Board of PhRMA 
(Pharmaceutical Research and 
Manufacturers of America)
• Member of the Supervisory Board of Servier
• Member of the Board at Brain & Mind 
(representative of UCB France)
Emmanuel Caeymaex
Executive Vice President, Patient Evidence
b. 1969
UCB Executive Committee Mandate:
Joined UCB in 1994. Appointed in 2015.
Experience:
Emmanuel has over 30 years of broad 
experience in biopharmaceuticals 
commercialization, development and 
general management for organizations 
across the world.
Main external appointments:
• Chairman Inteliphage SRL
Sandrine Dufour
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial 
Officer
b. 1966
UCB Executive Committee Mandate:
Joined UCB in 2020. Appointed in 2020.
Experience:
Sandrine has over 30 years of experience in 
finance, M&A, strategy and digital 
transformation in telecom and media 
industries. She has held senior executive 
positions at Vivendi, SFR and Proximus.
Main external appointments:
• Member of the Board of WPP*
Jean-Luc Fleurial
Executive Vice President, Chief Human 
Resources Officer
b. 1965
UCB Executive Committee Mandate:
Joined UCB in 2017. Appointed in 2017.
Experience:
Jean-Luc has over 25 years of experience in 
building and implementing talent strategy 
across geographies and businesses. His 
sector experience is in consumer goods with 
Procter & Gamble and the pharmaceutical 
industry with Bristol Myers Squibb and UCB.
No external appointments.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 41
Mandates of Executive Committee members in listed companies are marked with an *

[page 42]
Alistair Henry
Executive Vice President, Chief Scientific 
Officer
b. 1967
UCB Executive Committee Mandate:
Joined UCB in 2004. Appointed in 2024.
Experience:
A biophysicist with more than 25 years’ 
experience in drug discovery and technology 
development.
No external appointments.
Denelle Waynick Johnson
Executive Vice-President, General Counsel
b. 1967
UCB Executive Committee Mandate:
Joined UCB in 2023. Appointed in 2023.
Experience:
Denelle has over 35 years of experience, 
more than 20 of which are in the healthcare 
and life science sectors, including leadership 
roles at Merck, MyoKardia and Saniona.
No external appointments.
Kirsten Lund-Jurgensen
Executive Vice President, Patient Supply
b. 1959
UCB Executive Committee Mandate:
Joined UCB in 2019. Appointed in 2019.
Experience:
A pharmacist with 38 years of experience in 
manufacturing and supply of 
biopharmaceuticals, with leadership roles at 
SmithKline Beecham in Germany, Australia 
and the U.S., and senior executive positions 
at Pfizer in the U.S..
No external appointments.
Fiona du Monceau
Executive Vice President, Patient Impact
b. 1978
UCB Executive Committee Mandate:
Joined UCB in 2024. Appointed in 2024.
Experience:
Fiona brings over 20 years of experience in 
the biotechnology, venture capital and the 
pharmaceutical industry where she leads 
teams and brings new innovative medicines 
to patients, from research to 
commercialization, across geographies.
No external appointments.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 42
Executive Committee continued
Mandates of Executive Committee members in listed companies are marked with an *

[page 43]
Risk management
Our risk management approach enables 
teams across UCB to recognize and assess 
key risks and to develop appropriate 
response strategies.
By analyzing potential risk exposure (both positive and 
negative) in an increasingly volatile, complex, fast-moving and 
ambiguous environment, we are able to make informed 
decisions to drive our strategy forward and deliver impact. 
We aim to embed rigorous risk management practices across 
every part of our strategy, planning, budgeting and 
performance oversight.
Addressing enterprise and emerging risks 
Our integrated risk management framework allows UCB's 
Executive Committee, the Board and Audit Committee to 
effectively evaluate and oversee the management of 
enterprise and emerging risks, ensuring alignment with our 
strategic objectives, short- and long-term priorities and core 
values. More information about the governance and oversight 
around risk management can be found in the Corporate 
Governance Statement on page 128.
The risks we face are evolving, so our approach is dynamic too. 
New or changed risks are assessed and reassessed throughout 
the year to consider their likelihood, potential impact and the 
time we have to respond. We look at multiple dimensions such 
as potential financial loss, reputational damage and the impact 
on our environmental, societal and governance practices. 
The application of our risk management framework requires 
us to distinguish between enterprise and emerging risks. 
Enterprise risks are well-understood and significant factors 
that could materially impact the organization’s ability to 
achieve its strategic objectives. They are actively monitored 
and managed through formal plans and governance 
processes. Emerging risks, by contrast, are potential threats 
that may materialize in the future, but their likelihood, timing 
and impact remain highly uncertain. They often require 
further investigation before being classified as enterprise risks.  
We continuously monitor and report on emerging risks that 
could affect our long-term strategic ambitions. Here are 
some examples of emerging trends we highlighted in 2024 
that were integrated into our actively managed enterprise risk 
management framework in 2025:
• Policy, pricing and geopolitical risks evolving from the 
complex intersections between trade tensions and ongoing 
geopolitical instability.
• Our ability to scale Artificial Intelligence (AI) in line with our 
strategic ambitions and objectives.
Throughout the year, several new emerging risks have been 
identified, including:
• Geopolitical instability and polarization. 
• Disruptions from generative AI (including deep fakes and 
other forms of increase of fake news and health 
misinformation). 
• Changing payer and society expectations on value delivery. 
• Advanced therapeutic modalities. 
Enterprise risk plans
We create enterprise risk plans that include a description of 
the risk, its context and the actions required to respond 
effectively to it. These plans enable the Executive Committee 
and Board to accurately assess the effectiveness of our risk 
management strategies.
Having access to clear frameworks, tools and support is the 
foundation of our ability to collectively manage risks across our 
organization. All employees can make use of our centralized, 
digital global risk management system and an online resource 
center. In addition, periodic training for key risk management 
network stakeholders complements and enhances the risk 
management framework, governance and strategic decision-
making guidance available online. A mandatory global risk 
management training for all managers has been prepared and 
is ready to be launched in January 2026.  
Top enterprise risks in 2025 
The majority of the risks we managed in 2024 continued to 
evolve and remain relevant in 2025. We have added one 
specifically addressing continued restrictions on pricing, 
reimbursement and access in publicly funded healthcare 
systems. The risk relating to societal and environmental 
expectations has been removed from our top risks as we 
completed a TCFD/TNFD assessment (see Environmental 
section of the Sustainability Statement). This year we are now 
actively integrating the outputs into our risk management 
framework.
Meeting societal expectations and delivering patient value 
remains our core priority and this is now specifically 
addressed in response plans for the new risk related to 
pricing, reimbursement and access. 
The following overview provides details of additional key 
enterprise risks, including both threats and opportunities. There 
are multiple interdependencies between our top risks and so 
we aim to keep a holistic perspective as we monitor and adapt 
our response plans to a changing operating environment.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 43


[page 44]
Policy and pricing 
risks, including 
funding of 
innovation
The pricing and market 
access environment is 
highly complex and subject 
to continuous economic, 
political and social 
pressures.
• Adverse socio-economic developments may reduce 
payers’ ability or willingness to purchase our 
medicines, negatively impacting revenue and 
operational performance.
• These conditions may also influence regulatory 
authorities, potentially delaying or complicating market 
authorization processes and supply-chain security.
• Financial constraints could limit investment in 
innovation, increasing the risk of slower pipeline 
development and reduced competitiveness.
• Regulatory changes could increase compliance risks in 
the short term.
• Sales, profits and market position could be adversely 
impacted.
• Continue innovating in cost management and 
production efficiency.
• Adopt and implement new technologies, procedures 
or approaches.
• Continue investing in differentiated innovations, value-
based pricing and early external engagement with 
payers.
• Perform country-level horizon scanning to anticipate 
trends and prioritize external engagement and internal 
planning.
Continued 
restrictions on 
pricing, 
reimbursement and 
access in publicly 
funded healthcare 
systems
Publicly funded healthcare 
systems face tightening 
budgets due to increase in 
defense spending, aging 
populations, inflation and 
rising therapeutic costs.
• This environment increases the likelihood of restricted 
formularies, delayed access for patients to innovative 
medicines and heightened real-world evidence 
expectations.
• Pharmaceutical companies are increasingly pressured 
to balance innovation costs, limiting the speed and 
availability of new therapy developments.
• Proactively monitor trend evolution.
• Refining value propositions and product portfolios.
• Prioritizing external engagement on the value of 
innovative medicines to address unmet patient need.
•
Geopolitical and 
economic outlook 
volatility
The risk of geopolitical 
conflict, trade restrictions 
and inflation influence 
supply security, clinical 
operations, market access 
and long-term health 
system stability.
• Geopolitical conflicts, regional tensions, sanctions 
regimes and economic volatility are increasingly 
disrupting trade routes, energy markets and cross-
border scientific collaboration.
• Countries increasingly impose restrictions on cross-
border trade, IP exchange and biotechnology 
cooperation to strengthen domestic production and 
security.
• Costs, profits and market position could be adversely 
impacted.
• Leverage AI tools and internal risk experts to monitor 
and track, evolving landscape, promptly assess 
evolution of risks and escalate to UCB risk committees 
based on defined thresholds.  
• Ensure response plans/task forces are in place to drive 
agile response and optimize resilience throughout 
impacted areas of value chain.  
• Focus on crisis management and business continuity.
Risk Impact Response
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 44
Risk management continued

[page 45]
Risk Impact Response
Supply chain 
network resiliency
Biopharmaceutical supply 
chains are becoming more 
complex and increasingly 
vulnerable to geopolitical or 
environmental shocks. Our 
ability to supply the market 
relies partly on the resilience 
of our critical suppliers.
Growing volatility in raw 
material availability, single-
source dependencies, 
geopolitical disruptions and 
quality failures all increase 
the risk of supply 
interruptions across the 
pharma value chain.
• Disruptions at either the supplier or UCB level may 
jeopardize product availability. These disruptions could 
result from factors such as geopolitical instability, trade 
tariffs, macroeconomic volatility, extreme weather 
events, or quality issues within UCB or its third-party 
partners.
• Increasing volatility heightens vulnerability in critical 
biologics components, sterile consumables and 
specialized API suppliers, heightening the risk of 
product shortages with potential implications for 
patients.
• Sales, profits and market position could be adversely 
impacted.
• Strengthen multi-sourcing, supplier due diligence and 
early-warning systems to protect continuity of supply 
and safeguarding patient access.
• Increase monitoring of critical suppliers and optimize 
overall production capacity and remove bottlenecks in 
our supply chain.
• Increase rapid risk identification and management.
• Promptly assess evolution of risks through specialized 
task forces and take further action as appropriate.
Regulatory 
framework growing 
in complexity and 
fragmentation
An increasingly nationalistic 
approach and divergence in 
regulations between 
geographies may alter the 
competitive landscape or 
increase the cost of 
business operations. 
Regulatory reforms can 
lead to significant 
operational changes, 
influencing resource 
allocation and strategic 
planning.
• We may have to adapt quickly to a multiplication of 
fast-approaching regulations, such as:
• Trade controls.
• Chemicals: ban on PFAS, DCM (solvent) 
reclassification and restrictions on chemicals in 
packaging and devices, requiring continuous 
engagement with regulators.
• Fragmented AI and data regulations could slow down 
AI integration due to compliance hurdles.
• Risk of compliance breaches could increase.
• Sales, profits and market position could be adversely 
impacted.
• Evolve our country-level regulatory intelligence 
scanning in place to promptly assess evolution of 
regulation and take further action as appropriate.
• Increase measures in place to monitor and ensure 
compliance.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 45
Risk management continued

[page 46]
Risk Impact Response
Cyber-attacks
(direct/indirect 
effects)
The pharmaceutical 
sector’s reliance on digital 
technologies and 
healthcare supply chains as 
well as internet of things 
devices is growing, 
presenting new 
vulnerabilities.
Cyber threats are 
progressively more 
sophisticated, with an 
increased use of AI-
powered technologies.
• Increasing cyber-attacks may result in significant 
financial repercussions and patient care disruptions.
• There has been an increase in organizations subjected 
to extortion without file encryption.
• We could be indirectly impacted as a result of cyber-
attacks on third parties across the value chain. This 
could limit our ability to produce and safeguard 
product quality.
• A cyber-attack could compromise patient or other 
stakeholders’ privacy and limit our ability to maintain 
operations or capitalize on future business 
opportunities.
• Costs, profits and market position could be adversely 
impacted.
• Strengthen our multifaceted cybersecurity and data 
management strategy.
• Continue to invest in active programs for cyber-attack 
prevention, detection and response controls.
• Maintain continuous monitoring and analytics, 
intrusion incident detection and response, security 
testing and user awareness training and campaigns.
• Maintain robust processes, procedures and controls to 
comply with the data privacy legislation.
Ability to scale AI AI is expected to accelerate 
R&D productivity and 
improve clinical trial design 
and execution.
The integration of AI and 
other emerging 
technologies into various 
aspects of operations 
presents risks and 
opportunities. Developing, 
implementing and 
managing AI technology 
creates challenges with 
regards to accuracy, 
efficiency and reliability.
• To leverage the benefits of AI, large amounts of data 
and investments are needed together with specific 
skills sets.
• The ability to invest, access data or source talents may 
slow key initiatives and inflate costs.
• Regulatory uncertainty may require significant 
resources to comply with existing and new laws.
• Failure to adapt quickly enough or in a responsible, 
ethical and compliant way could limit our ability to 
deliver on our strategic objectives and maintain 
operations as well as exacerbate risks related to 
regulation, litigation, compliance, ethics, confidentiality 
and data privacy.
• Costs, profits and market position could be adversely 
impacted.
• Accelerate identification and roll out of AI and 
emerging technologies to optimize operations.
• Implement robust data management strategies and 
user awareness training.
• Maintain active governance.
• Adopt and implement new procedures or approaches 
as needed.
Long-term growth 
and portfolio 
concentration
Our 10-year growth plan 
will require strong portfolio 
discipline and rigorous 
capital allocation.
• Performance of individual assets combined with the 
risk of inefficiencies during rapid expansion may 
compromise the ability to sustain growth post major 
launches.
• Sudden unknown side effects on assets may expose 
UCB to severe financial consequences and 
reputational damage.
• Increase measures to ensure agile response and 
optimize resilience. 
• Continuously monitor and evaluate strategic 
opportunities — both organic and inorganic — and 
guide capital allocation to support sustained growth.
• Actively monitor well-established processes, 
procedures and controls to detect early signals.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 46
Risk management continued

[page 47]
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 47
Sustainability 
Statement

[page 48]
General disclosures
UCB is committed to sustainable practices in all our business 
operations. The following Statement provides details of our 
sustainability reporting for the full year 2025, in alignment 
with the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) 
disclosure requirements on our material topics as defined in 
our double materiality assessment.
For this Integrated Annual Report relating to the year 2025, 
UCB’s reporting obligations on non-financial information 
follow the rules of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting 
Directive (CSRD), as implemented in Belgian Law as well as 
the EU Taxonomy Regulation (Regulation 2020/852). Where 
applicable, we will also refer in this report to other 
sustainability reporting standards that we are applying on a 
voluntary basis, such as the SASB (Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board) reporting framework.
Basis for preparation
The report indicates how UCB’s operations respect and react 
to stakeholders’ concerns and interests and primarily 
addresses investors’ expectations, though the report is 
valuable to many different stakeholders. Assessing, measuring 
and reporting our activities’ positive and negative impacts on 
society and the planet is a key aspect of UCB’s engagement 
with stakeholders. The presentation of the 2025 report has 
been prepared considering the material topics from our 
materiality assessment concluded at the end of 2023 and the 
constant re-assessment of material issues, which guided 
UCB’s sustainable performance efforts in 2025. 
Specific circumstances 
All data presented in this statement relate to the financial year 
of 2025, unless stated otherwise (such as for the access 
coverage performance index, time to access index and 
number of patients reached). The social and governance-
related disclosures’ scope of consolidation is the same as for 
the financial statement, while for the environmental disclosures, 
the scope of consolidation can differ. For energy, water and 
waste metrics, the scope includes all manufacturing sites, 
laboratories, owned offices and all significant affiliates’ offices. 
Overall, we prioritize using data directly available in our systems. 
In the absence of direct data, we use estimates which are 
generally outlined in the accounting policy for each specific 
metric. Metrics related to GHG emissions, energy consumption, 
water consumption and waste include estimations for UCB 
sites of less than 500 m2. Metrics related to our GHG emissions 
linked to our own operations have a higher amount of primary 
data, while value chain GHG emissions (e.g., purchased 
goods and services) have a higher level of measurement 
uncertainty. This uncertainty stems from the calculation 
model using emission factors based on averages, aggregates 
or spend-based information. Complexity and uncertainty 
have also been assessed to be higher in the equitable access 
to medicines metrics, especially metrics developed by UCB 
(access coverage performance and time to access indices, 
broadly explained on the metrics methodology) and the 
patients reached, calculated using estimated average doses. 
In the context of enhanced alignment with the European 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS), UCB has restated 
the gender pay gap previously disclosed in the 2024 Annual 
Report. The indicator has been recalculated to reflect the 
E S R S - p r e s c r i b e d  f o r m u l a ,  d e f i n e d  a s  t h e  d i f f e r e n c e  b e t w e e n  
the average gross hourly pay level of male employees and 
that of female employees, divided by the average gross 
hourly pay level of male employees. In the prior report, an 
alternative formula was applied, resulting in an inverse 
presentation of the indicator; the underlying payroll data 
remain unchanged. In addition, the reported consumption of 
s e l f - g e n e r a t e d  n o n - f u e l  r e n e w a b l e  e n e r g y  h a s  b e e n  
corrected to address a typographical error, with the value 
restated from 11,834 MWh to 11,384 MWh, and the rate of 
recyclable content in sold UCB products and packaging has 
been restated from 62.3% to 75%, as previous year used a 
limited sample data of recyclable content per stock keeping 
unit (SKU) and in 2025 we increased the sample and re-
applied it to volumes sold in 2024.
Forward-looking information, including targets, is inherently 
uncertain. For more details, please refer to the 'Forward-
looking statements' section.
Risk management and internal controls over 
sustainability reporting
We view internal controls over sustainability reporting as a 
continuous improvement journey and are committed to 
strengthening them each year as requirements, systems and 
stakeholder expectations evolve. UCB has implemented an 
internal control framework to ensure the accuracy, 
completeness and reliability of sustainability information 
disclosed under the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive 
(CSRD) and the European Sustainability Reporting Standards 
(ESRS). This framework is integrated into UCB’s governance 
model and aligns with the COSO (Committee of Sponsoring 
Organizations) Internal Control framework. Risks are evaluated 
at both central and local levels, ensuring alignment between 
enterprise-wide processes and individual data owners. 
Recognizing the importance of UCB’s strategic sustainability 
metrics, we apply a dedicated control framework for 
quantitative metrics to ensure traceability and data integrity. 
This includes clear ownership, accountability, documentation 
standards, audit trails, and periodic reviews of methodologies 
and data sources. Responsibility to implement internal controls 
required for non-financial key metrics rests with data owners, 
ensuring consistent methodologies and accuracy of data. 
Risks related to sustainability reporting are assessed through self-
assessment checklists, reinforcing accountability and enabling 
early detection of gaps. Global Internal Audit conducts 
independent thematic reviews, with findings reported to the 
Audit Committee and integrated into the improvement cycle. 
Through these measures, UCB ensures sustainability reporting 
remains transparent, reliable and aligned with leading practices.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 48
BP-1
BP-2
GOV-5

[page 49]
Materiality assessment 
At the end of 2023, UCB conducted a structured double 
materiality assessment in accordance with the requirements 
of the CSRD and the ESRS. The goal was to identify the most 
relevant environmental, social and governance topics for 
UCB, based on how topics might create financial risks and 
opportunities for the company, and taking into account the 
company’s own impact on people and the environment. The 
results of this double materiality assessment guided our 
efforts during 2025 and have been integrated into the 
company’s strategy. UCB has been committed since 2018 to 
an integrated approach to sustainable performance, to better 
deliver societal value for key stakeholders – including patients, 
shareholders, employees and communities, while minimizing 
our environmental footprint. Materiality assessments are part 
of this approach, as they not only guide reporting, but inform 
corporate strategy and guide efforts to improve our impact. 
Our 2023 materiality assessment was based on the 
following approach: 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 49
General disclosures continued
Upstream 
processes
Own
operations
Downstream 
processes
Extraction of raw materials
Energy and water 
(purchased and produced)
Patient insights
Sourced products 
and services
Contract 
manufacturing 
organizations (CMOs)
Clinical research and 
scientific organizations
Financial institutions
Other suppliers 
(including contingency 
workforce)
Research & development UCB 
Research and  
development centers
Submission & approval
Manufacturing
UCB manufacturing sites
Commercialization
Operations in all countries 
where UCB operates
Third party distributors outside 
UCB territories
Supply chain 
& distribution
Regulatory authorities 
and payers
Regulatory agencies
National and local 
healthcare bodies
Health technology assessment 
(HTA) bodies
Private insurance 
companies
Healthcare professionals
Patients and patient 
organizations
CO2e emissions, active 
pharmaceutical ingredients 
(APIs) and waste
IRO-1
Transport (air, water and land)

[page 50]
Our 2023 materiality assessment was based on the following approach: 
Define the scope of the materiality 
assessment exercise and objective
The scoping of the assessment included an identification of 
UCB’s main activities, value chain mapping and the 
geographies to be included. The ESRS topics, sub-topics and 
entity/sector-specific environmental, social and governance 
topics for UCB were then mapped and clustered to define a 
tailored list of topics for the assessment, that ensured 
completeness and CSRD compliance.
Identify topics and impacts, 
risks and opportunities (IROs)
Based on the topics identified, a stakeholder engagement 
strategy was developed by selecting key internal and external 
stakeholders to be consulted via direct (e.g., semi-structured 
interviews and workshops) and indirect methods (e.g., internal 
and external desk research). The process engaged 
stakeholders from UCB’s main geographies, and occasionally 
beyond, including local analyses from specific countries.¹ 
Both affected and interested stakeholders were consulted, 
including UCB employees, the UCB Sustainability 
Governance Committee, the UCB Board and Executive 
Committee members and the UCB External Sustainability 
Advisory Board. Selected representatives of stakeholder 
groups such as suppliers, business partners, patient 
organizations, sector associations, NGOs and foundations 
were also interviewed. Impacts, risks and opportunities were 
identified in UCB’s own operations and upstream or 
downstream value chain. The non-exhaustive list of internal 
and external desk research sources consulted included:
• Internal UCB sources of information (e.g., Integrated 
Annual Reports, Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosure (TCFD) results, Human Rights Salience 
Assessment, etc.) 
• Public media coverage on UCB and/or value chain 
and/or peers 
• Sector and/or governmental reports 
• Scientific research papers
• ENCORE (Exploring Natural Capital Opportunities, Risks 
and Exposure) 
• Refinitiv data analytics
• Material or minutes from previous engagements with 
stakeholders, such as employee surveys and investor 
roadshows.
A consolidated list of IROs was derived for each assessed 
topic from this desk research and the stakeholder 
consultation process.
Assess impact and 
financial materiality
All qualitative inputs used to assess IROs were translated into 
quantitative inputs based on a set of defined thresholds for 
each of the assessed criteria. 
Impact materiality was assessed independently from financial 
materiality by looking at positive and negative impacts and 
risks and opportunities for each identified topic. For impact 
materiality, the assessment of each positive or negative 
impact on society and the environment was based on 
severity (e.g., scale, scope and remediability for negative 
impacts) and likelihood. Both criteria of likelihood and 
remediability were aligned with UCB's enterprise risk 
management methodology. The scale of impact materiality 
was assessed mostly using qualitative input, with quantitative 
data considered only for environmental topics (i.e., “Climate 
change mitigation”, “Water extraction, consumption and 
discharge” and “Circular economy”). The assessed impacts 
were marked as material when passing the materiality 
thresholds with scores categorizing them as important, 
significant or critical. 
For financial materiality, sustainability-related risks and 
opportunities were identified, evaluated and prioritized using 
a pre-defined set of thresholds. Risks and opportunities were 
assessed using the criteria of likelihood and magnitude of 
financial impacts in the short, medium, or long term. Both 
criteria were aligned with UCB's enterprise risk management 
methodology. The magnitude of financial impacts included 
UCB's ability to continue to use or obtain resources, the 
impacts on its reputation – in terms of trust, media coverage 
and relation with authorities – and ESG (environmental, social 
and governance) risks and opportunities. The assessed risks 
and opportunities were marked as material when passing the 
financial materiality thresholds with scores categorizing them 
as significant or critical. Lastly, risks and opportunities were 
assessed independently from the assessed impacts for each 
sustainability topic.
The thresholds and evaluation criteria used to assess the 
impacts, risks and opportunities followed the recommendations 
of ESRS. Some of the key assumptions taken were: 
• Clustering of similar (sub-)sub-topics as defined in the ESRS 
standards into one sustainability topic to facilitate the 
identification of IROs during interviews and workshops. 
Some of the topics defined by ESRS were tailored to our 
industry (e.g., health systems resilience in the context of 
“access to information” and “access to products and 
services” ESRS sub-sub-topics), in addition to some other 
topics that were identified during the process (e.g., ethical 
use of technology).
• Use of inputs of some stakeholders as proxy for a whole 
stakeholder group. 
• Assumption that the consulted stakeholders would share 
insights on the topics where they have the most knowledge. 
• Adoption of existing enterprise risk management criteria or 
tailor-made categories developed for scale, scope and 
remediability of IROs, assuming them to be well-suited for 
the assessment across all sustainability topics. 
1. This was done for Belgium, Brazil, China, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Mexico, Spain, Switzerland, Türkiye, the U.K. and the U.S..
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 50
General disclosures continued
1
2
3

[page 51]
Validate material 
topics
The following results of the materiality assessment were 
presented to and validated by the Executive Committee and 
the Board.
The Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) team and the 
Corporate Strategy team were actively engaged in the double 
materiality assessment. The financial impact results (from risks 
and opportunities) of the double materiality results were fully 
integrated within the ERM framework. We continuously 
engage with stakeholder groups throughout UCB’s activities 
and such interactions provide insights to the ongoing 
enterprise risk management processes. 
In 2025, we reviewed the list of IROs to confirm that they 
continue to be relevant, through the review of all IROs by the 
Global Sustainability team, internal topic experts and 
Corporate Strategy team. The review incorporated 
considerations of the current geopolitical landscape, 
regulatory changes and trends, as well as insights from 
internal/external surveys. The list of material topics stayed 
largely the same with the addition of the topic "Corporate 
culture", which was previously a sub-topic of "Ethical business 
practices". "Relationship with suppliers" became non-material, 
but initiatives across our value chain that impact other 
material topics are framed within the specific topic (such as 
supplier engagement actions around "Climate change 
adaptation", "Climate change mitigation" and "Human rights in 
the value chain"). The "Workers' rights and working 
conditions" topic also became non-material, and "Diversity, 
Equity and Inclusion" was renamed simply "Inclusion" to 
sharpen the focus on this dimension while ensuring that our 
l o n g - s t a n d i n g  c o m m i t m e n t  t o  f a i r n e s s ,  r e s p e c t  a n d  e q u a l  
opportunity remains clear, sustainable and aligned with 
evolving global expectations. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 51
General disclosures continued
Topics that are financially 
and impact material
Climate change mitigation
Pollution of air, water and soil
Water extraction, consumption and discharge
Scientific innovation
Equitable access to medicines
Health system resilience
Patient engagement
Patient safety 
Product quality
Responsible sales and marketing
Employee health, safety and wellbeing
Inclusion
Human rights in the value chain
Ethical use of technology
Topics that are impact material
Topics that are financially material
Climate change adaptation
Employee development
Data privacy and security
Circular economy
Ethical business practices
Political influence and advocacy
4

[page 52]
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 52
Environmental 
information

[page 53]
Environmental sustainability policy overview
Scope of policy
All UCB colleagues and partners worldwide, all UCB divisions, subsidiaries, affiliates and other 
entities operationally controlled by UCB, regardless of location.
Accountable for implementation
The Chief Financial Officer is the member of UCB Executive Committee sponsoring our 
environmental sustainability ambition and performance, in addition to the Head of Sustainability, 
Corporate Affairs & Risk. The Head of Environmental Sustainability is accountable for the 
implementation of the policy and ensures its periodic review. 
Internationally recognized instruments
Aligned with the Paris Agreement and Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi). The policy is also 
aligned with the ISO 14001 standard. 
Availability
The policy is available at UCB website and intranet.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 53
Environmental information continued
Description of key contents
The policy sets environmental 
principles and commitments for 
addressing climate change mitigation 
and resilience, developing sustainable 
medicines and safeguarding natural 
resources. The principles set in this 
global policy are implemented 
through local policies and standards.

[page 54]
Climate change mitigation and adaptation
Impacts, risks and opportunities
Climate change
Sub-topic IRO type Time frame Value chain Description
Climate change 
mitigation
 Actual
 Release of GHG emissions (Scope 1 and 2) of UCB's own operations (fossil fuel for energy or company cars, 
electricity consumed).
 Actual
  
 Release of GHG emissions (Scope 3) from upstream and downstream activities.
  
 Failing to meet UCB’s publicly stated net-zero commitments poses a reputational risk, especially as scrutiny 
intensifies around corporate environmental responsibility. Recent legal actions against companies for environmental 
harm highlight the growing accountability landscape and the importance of staying ahead of sustainability targets.
Market shift towards less carbon-intensive products and increased expectations from the healthcare industry for low-
carbon products and operations.
Climate change 
adaptation
  
 Supply chain and manufacturing disruptions due to an increase in the frequency and/or severity of extreme 
temperatures, hurricanes, hailstorms, wildfires, focusing on water scarcity and flooding to UCB location as well as 
supplier.
Positive impact
 Negative impact
 Risk
 Opportunity
 Short term
 Medium term
 Long term
 Upstream
 Own operations
 Downstream
Assessing climate-related risks
Climate-related risks, including both physical and transition 
scenario risks, are embedded into UCB’s enterprise risk 
management framework. Different teams systematically 
evaluate the environmental impact of their business to 
embed environmental considerations into both day-to-day 
operations and strategic decisions. This ensures that “bottom-
up” risks – including climate-related risks – are systematically 
identified, assessed and reviewed from financial, reputational 
and ESG perspectives. Each risk is scored on impact and 
likelihood, considering both “time to impact” and “time to 
act”, and complemented by a “top-down/outside-in” view. To 
complement this internal assessment, UCB collaborates with 
external climate consultancies that perform scenario analysis 
aligned with TCFD guidelines (Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures). The results of this scenario analysis are 
integrated into UCB’s enterprise risk management (ERM) 
system.
2025 TCFD climate scenario analysis 
In 2025, UCB updated its climate scenario analysis in line with 
TCFD recommendations. Supported by external experts and 
internal stakeholders, the assessment covered both physical 
and transition risks and opportunities across the short term 
(2030), medium term (2050) and long term (2075+), 
extending the scope from previous assessments (across more 
than 140 locations). 
Physical risks were assessed using Shared Socioeconomic 
Pathways (SSP) scenarios (SSP1-2.6, SSP2-4.5, SSP5-8.5), and 
transition risks using Network for Greening the Financial System 
(NGFS) scenarios (Current Policies, Nationally Determined 
Contributions and Net Zero 2050). These scenarios span a 
wide range of plausible climate and policy pathways and are 
consistent with the macro-assumptions used in UCB’s long-
term planning. An initial screening identified 14 physical and 
eight transition risks and opportunities; each was analyzed 
and prioritized based on materiality, severity and likelihood, 
and the results are integrated into the ERM system.
Physical risks and operational resilience 
The updated analysis confirms that UCB’s most material 
physical exposures relate to flooding, storms and cyclones, 
and water stress and drought at selected manufacturing and 
R&D sites and in the supply chain. Three sites – Saitama 
(Japan), Bulle (Switzerland) and Braine-l’Alleud (Belgium) – 
were identified as exposed to physical risks such as cyclones/
typhoons, landslides, subsidence or floods, depending on 
their geolocation. UCB manages these risks through 
mitigation measures such as dual-sourcing strategies for key 
materials where feasible, and site-specific mitigation 
measures, including water-efficiency projects and resilient 
infrastructure. Insights from the scenario analysis are used to 
inform decisions on major site investments, supply chain 
diversification, and infrastructure and equipment upgrades 
over the medium and long term. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 54
E1 IRO-1
E1
E1 SBM-3

[page 55]
Transition risks, opportunities and business model adaptability 
Transition risks were evaluated at company level, reflecting 
their cross-site nature. Key drivers include evolving carbon-
pricing mechanisms and climate policies, as well as 
regulatory and market changes affecting transportation and 
fossil-based raw materials. These developments could 
increase operating costs but also create opportunities, as 
healthcare systems increasingly expect medicines with a 
lower environmental footprint. 
UCB’s transition plan, aligned with the Science Based Targets 
initiative (SBTi) Net-Zero standard, and tools such as the 
Green Product Scorecard, help reduce emissions and guide 
innovation towards lower-impact products. The scorecard 
assesses environmental performance across the product life 
cycle to identify key impact drivers and reduction levers for 
R&D and manufacturing.
As a biopharmaceutical company, UCB’s ability to adapt varies 
by the activity potentially affected by the risk. Adjusting or 
diversifying a contract manufacturer or logistics route away 
from a high-risk area is complex and will take several years but 
remains feasible. In contrast, changing the formulation of an 
approved medicine to replace a climate-exposed raw material 
is heavily constrained and often not realistic. These regulatory 
and operational constraints are considered alongside “time to 
impact” when selecting and sequencing response options. 
Building strategic and financial resilience 
Building resilience involves continuously integrating climate 
risks into core business processes. Climate-related risks and 
opportunities are thus increasingly integrated into UCB’s 
strategy development, capital allocation and financial 
planning. Following the 2025 scenario analysis, UCB 
performed a financial quantification of a few physical and 
transition risks assessed as most material. For each risk, 
potential impacts on revenue, operating expenditure and 
capital expenditure were assessed under the three climate 
scenarios and across the 2030, 2040 and 2050 horizons 
where feasible. The work combines external climate 
indicators with internal data and expert judgment. 
UCB intends to periodically repeat and refine this scenario 
analysis to reflect evolving science and regulation and to 
continue strengthening the resilience of its business model to 
climate change.
Climate transition plan
UCB is fully committed to achieving net-zero greenhouse gas 
emissions by 2045. Our science-based target encompasses: 
• Scope 1 emissions, caused by energy combustion (gas, 
fuel) at UCB’s sites and by UCB’s car fleet worldwide, as 
well as fugitive emissions. 
• Scope 2 emissions, caused by electricity consumed as an 
energy source at UCB’s sites and purchased heat. 
• Scope 3 emissions, including fuel- and energy-related 
emissions, treatment of the waste generated on-site, 
business travel and employee commuting (for colleagues 
who do not have a company car), upstream transportation 
and distribution of our raw materials and finished goods, 
upstream leased assets, and end-of-life treatment of UCB 
products’ waste after their use. 
• Scope 3 emissions (Category 1) from purchased goods 
and services (linked to UCB suppliers) – a category that 
represents above 75% of our total GHG emissions – which 
has a dedicated engagement target by 2028. 
UCB’s ten-year climate transition plan is fully embedded 
within our business strategy and financial planning. This 
covers all business needs to finance environmentally 
conscious investments (i.e., upgrade current infrastructure 
and equipment), operations required to decarbonize our 
value chain and plans to embed sustainable features in new 
investments (i.e., a green-by-design approach). UCB’s energy 
decarbonization strategy focuses on reducing emissions 
across Scope 1, Scope 2 and upstream leased assets in Scope 
3. This includes transitioning to 100% renewable energy by 
shifting to renewable electricity either through purchasing or 
production, reducing our needs for natural gas and shifting 
from natural gas to biogas.
This transition plan, along with its budget, has been fully 
endorsed by the Executive Committee. Financially, UCB’s 
climate transition plan is supported by an annual capital and 
operational expenditure budget of about €8 million, adjusted 
annually according to current projects and needs. The plan is 
developed and validated through governance bodies such as 
the Environmental Sustainability Steering Committee (formed 
by the Global Head of Sustainability, Chief Financial Officer, 
Chief Procurement Officer, Head of Infrastructure, among 
others), which identify key initiatives, assess and prioritize 
them, and ensure overall consolidation before final approval. 
These amounts do not encompass all projects contributing to 
UCB’s environmental transition; some investments are 
included in product or project-specific budgets. For instance, 
they don't include green-by-design buildings under UCB’s 
LEED/BREEAM1 certification program, which target at least 
‘Gold’ or ‘Very Good’ ratings for new constructions and site 
renovations, helping to reduce locked-in emissions. Similarly, 
initiatives such as the development of the Green Product 
Scorecard and efforts to improve Process Mass Intensity (PMI) 
that support eco-design throughout product development 
are also not part of the climate transition plan budget. 
UCB is not excluded from EU Paris-aligned benchmarks in 
accordance with the exclusion criteria stated in Articles 12(1) 
(d) to (g) and 12(2) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818 (Climate Benchmark Standards Regulation).
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 55
Climate change mitigation and adaptation continued
1. Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design/Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Method
E1-1

[page 56]
Additionally, we pursue decarbonization through other levers as part of UCB’s transition plan towards net-zero:
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 56
Climate change mitigation and adaptation continued
2015 2019
0
200
400
600
800
1000
1200
2030
2045
By 2030 By 2045
Scope 1 & 2 
Absolute CO2e reduction 
by 73% vs 2019 base year.
• 100% renewable electricity in all 
UCB locations through on-site 
production, Power Purchase 
Agreements (PPAs), renewable 
electricity sourcing directly from 
electricity providers (contract or 
guarantees of origin).
• Heat decarbonization ready to 
deploy in all UCB-owned sites 
(electrification, efficiency and 
renewable sources).
• Storage and transportation of bio 
drug substances at a higher 
temperature.
• 70% of electrical vehicles in UCB 
fleet.
Scope 3
Absolute CO2e reduction by 48% 
vs 2019 base year. 80% of suppliers 
by emissions with science-based 
targets by 2028.
• Acceleration of the 'Air to Ocean' 
program, exploration of rail 
alternatives, use of sustainable 
fuel.
• Reuse of solvent, development of 
green chemistry, application of 
sustainable design.
• Avoidance, prioritization of 
essential travel and shift to lower-
impact modes of transportation.
• 50% of UCB employees offered a 
portfolio of more sustainable 
mobility options.
• Active contribution to circular 
economy programs for 
pharmaceutical packaging and 
devices.
• Active progress towards UCB’s 
certification target (BREEAM, 
LEED, ISO, My Green Lab...).
• Environmental target set and 
reached for all UCB medicines.
ktCO2e
Scope 3.1 = 
engagement 
target by 2028.
Scope 1, 2 & 3
Absolute CO2e reduction by 90% vs 2019 base year. 
Neutralize any remaining emissions.
• Shift to air refrigerant with low global warming 
potential and heat decarbonized on all UCB-owned 
sites.
• 100% renewable energy used by suppliers in scope.
• My Green Lab applied to all UCB labs and leveraged 
in UCB supply chain.
• 100% of electric vehicles in UCB fleet. 100% of UCB 
employees offered a portfolio of more sustainable 
mobility options.
• Shift to decarbonized fuel for all remaining 
emissions from business travel and transportation as 
well as distribution.
• Active contribution to all meaningful industry value 
chain decarbonization coalitions.
• Eco-design is anchored in UCB’s way of working.
• Proactive exploration of new initiatives and 
application of possible new technologies.
n Scope 1 n Scope 2 n Remaining Scope 3: 3.3; 3.4; 3.5; 3.6; 3.7; 3.8; 3.12 n Scope 3.1: Purchased goods & services

[page 57]
Policies
Our environmental policy emphasizes our commitment to 
climate change mitigation and adaptation through a climate 
change transition plan. This plan focuses on reducing GHG 
emissions, enhancing energy efficiency and promoting 
sustainable practices across the value chain from raw material 
sourcing to product disposal. We address both mitigation 
(reducing emissions) and adaptation (adjusting to the effects 
of climate change) strategies. We respect third-party 
standards and initiatives by setting net-zero targets aligned 
with the Paris Agreement and validated by the Science Based 
Targets initiative (SBTi). 
Actions
Energy and related activities (Scopes 1, 2 and 3) 
UCB continues to advance its transition toward renewable 
energy, addressing both electricity and gas consumption 
across global sites. Our decarbonization strategy is guided by 
a fundamental principle: we focus on improving efficiency 
first, followed by transitioning to cleaner energy sources. This 
means we prioritize reducing consumption through energy 
audits, optimized HVAC (heating, ventilation and air 
conditioning) systems, heat recovery projects, and 
environmental management tools that provide structured 
visibility into equipment performance and guide investment 
decisions. We also maintain our commitment in laboratories 
through the My Green Lab certification program. 
We are progressively reducing our reliance on fossil-based 
natural gas through different opportunities. This includes 
connecting to local renewable steam networks where 
available and exploring on-site heat production projects using 
biomass and geothermal energy at sites with sufficient 
potential. We are also increasing the use of biogas sourced 
via certificates, produced exclusively from waste. Our 
ambition is to reach 100% biogas coverage for Scope 1 
emissions by 2030. 
To support the shift to renewable electricity, UCB combines 
sourcing from certified renewable options, on-site generation 
and long-term market commitments.
In this context:
• In 2023, UCB signed a physical Power Purchase 
Agreement (PPA) for our Belgium site. 
• T o  r e i n f o r c e  t h e  l o n g - t e r m  r o b u s t n e s s  o f  o u r  r e n e w a b l e  
electricity sourcing, UCB signed a Virtual Power Purchase 
Agreement (VPPA) in 2024 as part of the Energize coalition, 
a  c r o s s - i n d u s t r y  i n i t i a t i v e  s u p p o r t i n g  c o r p o r a t e  a c c e s s  t o  
renewable energy. This agreement enabled the 
development of new solar infrastructure in Europe and will 
contribute additional renewable capacity to the grid once 
operational in 2026.
Car fleet (Scope 1) 
UCB is accelerating the transition of its company car fleet to 
electric vehicles (EV) as part of its broader decarbonization 
strategy. Our ambition is to achieve 70% electric vehicles by 
2030. To reach this goal, we are developing a country-level 
strategy and prioritizing deployment in markets with favorable 
charging infrastructure and conditions for EV adoption. To 
support this transition, we are installing charging stations in 
the offices where infrastructure allows and promoting 
employee awareness programs to encourage adoption. 
Responsible sourcing (Scope 3) 
UCB works with suppliers, including contract manufacturing 
organizations (CMOs), to accelerate their transition to low-
carbon operations, focusing on those representing 80% of 
our purchased goods and services carbon footprint. We apply 
selection criteria prioritizing suppliers with science-based 
targets and embedding sustainability clauses in contracts. 
UCB is also digitalizing its CO₂e data collection, refining 
calculations from spend to product footprint for better 
supplier differentiation. 
Through its Supplier Recognition Program, UCB 
acknowledges suppliers that demonstrate ambitious climate 
targets and integrate sustainability practices.
 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 57
Climate change mitigation and adaptation continued
E1-2
E1-3


[page 58]
In 2025, we held a Supplier Sustainability Campaign that 
brought together around 100 suppliers to advance 
responsible sourcing and reinforce our collaborative 
approach. To support suppliers in their decarbonization 
journey, we also provide tools, guidelines and engagement 
opportunities, complemented by participation in key industry 
initiatives: 
• Energize: A collaboration of pharma peers to accelerate 
renewable electricity adoption through training and joint 
VPPA in EU and U.S..
• Activate: A global program helping Active Pharmaceutical 
Ingredients (API) manufacturers develop decarbonization 
roadmaps and track measurable sustainability 
improvements. 
• Converge: Enables laboratory suppliers to monitor and 
manage sustainability performance, improve transparency 
and implement effective carbon reduction planning. 
Lower-carbon distribution (Scope 3) 
Our expanded "Air to Ocean" program aims to shift more 
distribution to sea-freight transport and assess the feasibility of 
extending this to rail transportation. In 2025, we successfully 
validated the maritime shipment of products requiring 
controlled temperatures (+2°C to +8°C). This achievement 
ensures product integrity throughout ocean transport and 
enables us to extend sea freight to a broader range of our 
portfolio. 
Additionally, we continue to explore the acquisition of 
Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) certificates as a complementary 
solution for air shipments when these remain necessary. 
Employee mobility (Scope 3) 
We are committed to embedding a sustainable mobility 
mindset into UCB’s culture and encouraging behavioral 
change in commuting, company car fleet and business travel. 
These changes require time and a shift in mindset. 
To enable this transformation, we are reinforcing governance 
structures and integrating mobility objectives into our 
corporate objectives, making responsible mobility a shared 
priority across the organization. In 2025, we updated our 
travel policy to promote intentional travel by reducing non-
essential trips, limiting air travel for destinations reachable 
within three hours by rail, and encouraging virtual 
collaboration. In addition, we are piloting an inclusive, site-
specific approach that combines data and employee 
personas to design tailored mobility plans for each location. 
Targets
Our 2030 near-term targets include:1 
• Reducing absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 73% 
from a 2019 base year. 
• Reducing absolute Scope 3 GHG2 emissions by 48% from a 
2019 base year. 
• Having 80% of our purchased goods and services suppliers, 
by emissions, with science-based targets by 2028.
For 2026, we have the target of decreasing by 4% our Scope 
1, 2 and 3 (except 3.1) emissions compared to 2025 and for 
80% of our suppliers, by emissions, to have science-based 
targets.
Our long-term ambition by 2045 is to reduce absolute Scope 
1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions by 90% compared to the 2019 
base year. UCB also committed to neutralizing any residual 
emissions once we reach our reduction target, ensuring net-
zero emissions.
Our GHG emission inventory boundaries are fully aligned with 
the GHG Protocol and SBTi requirements. Additionally, our 
target setting adheres to the 1.5°C framework, ensuring that 
climate goals are consistent with the global ambition to limit 
temperature rise and support a transition to net-zero 
emissions. UCB's targets have been validated by the SBTi to 
ensure our baseline value and target coverage is 
representative of the activities covered and accounts for 
influences from external factors. This validation process 
includes the review of the baseline, GHG emission inventory, 
target coverage, target date and alignment with climate 
science, specifically the 1.5°C framework.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 58
Climate change mitigation and adaptation continued
1. The target boundary for scope includes land-related emissions and removals from bioenergy feedstocks.
2. These include fuel- and energy-related activities, upstream transportation and distribution, waste generated in operations, business travel, employee commuting, upstream leased assets, and the end-of-life treatment of sold products.
E1-4

[page 59]
Metrics
Energy consumption and mix 
Fuel consumption from coal and coal products (MWh)  0  0 
Fuel consumption from crude oil, petroleum and other fossil sources (MWh)  838  737 
Fuel consumption from natural gas (MWh)  20 506  43 131 
Energy (electricity) from other fossil fuel sources (MWh)  2 277  2 059 
Consumption of self-generated non-renewable energy (MWh)  1 994  1 977 
Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, steam and cooling from fossil sources (MWh) 23  72 
Total fossil energy consumption (MWh)  25 637  47 977 
Share of fossil sources in total energy consumption (%)  13.0%  22.8% 
Consumption from nuclear sources (MWh)  1 089  1 079 
Share of consumption from nuclear sources in total energy consumption (%)  0.5%  0.5% 
Fuel consumption for renewable sources, including biomass (MWh)  78 000  63 000 
Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, steam and cooling from renewable 
sources (MWh)  80 946  83 485 
Consumption of self-generated non-fuel renewable energy (MWh)  11 384  14 785 
Total renewable energy consumption (MWh)  170 330  161 270 
Share of renewable sources in total energy consumption (%)  86.4%  76.7% 
Share of renewable sources in total electricity consumption (%)  100%  100% 
Total energy consumption (MWh)  197 057  210 326 
2024 2025
Energy intensity per net revenue
Total energy consumption per net revenue (MWh/m€) 34.7 28.1
2024 2025
In 2025, UCB maintained 100% renewable electricity coverage across all manufacturing sites, owned offices and laboratories, 
while further strengthening the resilience of its renewable electricity sourcing through a diversified mix of sourcing approaches. 
The majority of renewable electricity (around 70%) is supplied through direct green supply contracts. Additionally, around 15% is 
sourced via power purchase agreements and around 14% is covered through Renewable Energy Certificates (for the U.S. and 
B r a z i l  o f f i c e s ,  l e a s e d  l a b o r a t o r i e s  a n d  t h e  S a i t a m a  s i t e ) .  A  s m a l l  s h a r e  i s  s e l f - g e n e r a t e d  t h r o u g h  s o l a r  p a n e l s  i n s t a l l e d  o n  
U C B - o w n e d  b u i l d i n g s  w h e r e  s t r u c t u r a l l y  f e a s i b l e .
UCB also continued to reduce thermal energy emissions across its main manufacturing sites by prioritizing optimization and 
e f f i c i e n c y  m e a s u r e s .  P r o g r e s s  t o w a r d  r e n e w a b l e  h e a t  s o l u t i o n s  a d v a n c e d  t h r o u g h  o n - s i t e  p r o j e c t s  s u c h  a s  b i o m a s s  a n d  
geothermal systems. Although these efforts are ongoing, the share of renewable energy in our energy mix decreased in 2025 
d u e  t o  a  l o w e r  p r o p o r t i o n  o f  b i o m e t h a n e  c e r t i f i c a t e s .  N e v e r t h e l e s s ,  w e  r e m a i n  f i r m l y  c o m m i t t e d  t o  o u r  l o n g - t e r m  t r a n s i t i o n  
away from natural gas.
Accounting policy 
Data on electricity, gas and fuel consumption is 
gathered through energy invoices for all our 
manufacturing sites, laboratories and offices of more 
than 500m2, ensuring accuracy and completeness. For 
offices of less than 500m2 and following a materiality 
approach, we estimate energy consumption based on 
activity, geographical and square footage data. 
Renewable electricity is consolidated through a 
combination of measurement of self-produced 
renewable electricity, direct purchase from suppliers via 
contractual agreements, Power Purchase Agreements 
and renewable electricity certificates, which cover all 
aspects of our renewable electricity consumption. 
Additionally, our biomethane consumption is verified 
through the acquisition of biomethane certificates, 
completing the renewable energy scope. 
Nuclear energy consumption is measured by analyzing 
the energy mix of locations where our operations are 
based, and calculating our share of nuclear energy 
from the electricity sourced from the grid. 
Net revenue from high climate impact sectors to 
calculate energy intensity is aligned with the turnover 
numerator for the EU Taxonomy disclosure for 
activities connected to the manufacturing of medicinal 
products. The specific lines from the financial 
statement for reconciliation are: Net sales before 
hedging (€ 7 294 million) + Contract manufacturing 
sales (€ 184 million) + Milestones received by UCB 
relating to UCB products already sold on the related 
markets (€ 9 million) = Net revenue from activities in 
high climate impact sectors (€ 7 487 million). Net 
revenue from activities in high climate impact sectors 
(€ 7 487 million) + Designated hedges reclassified to 
net sales (€ 94 million) + Royalty income and fees 
(€ 88 million) + Other revenue than contract 
manufacturing and milestones received related to 
UCB products already sold on the related markets 
(€ 35 million) = Total net revenue in accordance with 
IFRS 15 (€ 7 704 million). 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 59
Climate change mitigation and adaptation continued
E1-5

[page 60]
GHG emissions
Gross Scope 1 GHG emissions (tCO2e)  44 059  21 718  22 194  -49.6% 
Stationary combustion (gas and fuel)  27 171  5 655  8 863  -67.4% 
Mobile combustion (car fleet)  12 982  12 867  10 346  -20.3% 
Fugitive emissions  3 905  3 196  2 986  -23.5% 
Percentage of Scope 1 GHG emissions from regulated emission trading 
schemes (%)  24%  42%  39%  —% 
Gross location-based Scope 2 GHG emissions (tCO2e)  20 056  16 291  16 238  -19.0% 
Gross market-based Scope 2 GHG emissions (tCO2e)  5 316  5  15  -99.7% 
Total Gross indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions (tCO2e)  568 003  769 143  849 796  49.6% 
1 Purchased goods and services  469 714  692 013  776 696  65.4% 
2 Capital goods  —  —  —  —% 
3 Fuel- and energy-related activities  11 167  9 129  9 038  -19.1% 
4 Upstream transportation and distribution  39 512  30 443  27 953  -29.3% 
5 Waste generated in operations  1 155  1 568  1 986  72.0% 
6 Business travel  31 016  24 873  24 312  -21.6% 
7 Employee commuting  10 763  7 562  6 809  -36.7% 
8 Upstream leased assets (location-based)  2 044  821  985  -51.8% 
9 Downstream transportation and distribution  —  —  —  —% 
10 Processing of sold products  —  —  —  —% 
11 Use of sold products  —  —  —  —% 
12 End-of-life treatment of sold products  2 630  2 733  2 017  -23.3% 
13 Downstream leased assets  —  —  —  —% 
14 Franchises  —  —  —  —% 
15 Investments  —  —  —  —% 
Total GHG emissions (location-based) (tCO2e)  632 118  807 152  888 228  40.5% 
Total GHG emissions (market-based) (tCO2e)  617 378  790 866  871 574  41.2% 
Total GHG emissions (market-based) (tCO2e) except of 3.1  147 664  98 853  94 878  -35.8% 
Baseline value 2024 2025
Annual % target/
Base year
GHG intensity per net revenue
Total GHG emissions (location-
based) per net revenue
(tCO2e/m€) 131.2 114.7
Total GHG emissions (market-
based) per net revenue
(tCO2e/ m€) 128.5 112.6
2024 2025
GHG supplier engagement
% suppliers (by GHG emissions) 
having science-based target  67.8 %  77.6 %
2024 2025
In 2025, we delivered strong progress, achieving our –4% 
reduction target for total emissions across Scopes 1, 2, and 3 
(excluding 3.1), confirming that our decarbonization trajectory 
remains robust and aligned with our strategic ambitions. 
Scope 1 emissions increased, reflecting the phased nature of 
o u r  r o a d m a p ,  w h e r e  m a j o r  p r o j e c t - d r i v e n  r e d u c t i o n s  o c c u r  i n  
steps rather than through linear annual declines. Despite this 
v a r i a b i l i t y ,  o u r  l o n g - t e r m  p a t h w a y  r e m a i n s  c o n s i s t e n t  w i t h  o u r  
2030 objectives.
Scope 2 emissions remained stable, underscoring the 
sustained impact of our transition to 100% renewable 
electricity — achieving our 2030 target ahead of schedule. 
Emissions from our vehicle fleet continued to improve, 
supported by the accelerating shift toward electric vehicles 
across Europe, particularly in Belgium.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 60
Climate change mitigation and adaptation continued
E1-6

[page 61]
We also recorded a decline in Scope 3 emissions (excluding 
3.1), driven primarily by improvements in Transportation and 
Distribution. Despite higher shipment volumes, emissions fell 
due to the expansion of our “Air to Ocean” program, which 
shifts air freight to sea freight. In 2025, we shipped 50% of the 
volumes eligible for sea freight (excluding road and rail), 
marking a significant milestone. The qualification of three 
a d d i t i o n a l  c o n t r o l l e d - t e m p e r a t u r e  r o u t e s  ( 2 – 8 ° C )  f u r t h e r  
demonstrates the program’s scalability and reinforces our 
confidence in decoupling operational growth from climate 
impact.
Positive signals also emerged in employee mobility: business 
travel stabilized and became more controlled, and improved 
data on commuting patterns enabled more accurate 
e v a l u a t i o n  a n d  a n a l y s i s  o f  a s s o c i a t e d  e m i s s i o n s .  E n d - o f - l i f e  
g r e e n h o u s e  g a s  e m i s s i o n s  d e c r e a s e d  b y  2 6 %  y e a r - o n - y e a r ,  
primarily due to the strategic divestment of elements of the 
neurology and allergy portfolio.
On our supplier engagement target, we achieved a solid 
result with 77.6% of suppliers (by GHG emissions) now having 
climate science-based targets, which is above our 2025 
target. This progress is essential for achieving long term 
absolute reductions in Purchased Goods and Services. Our 
next major challenge will be to gather more granular and 
reliable data to further refine our CO₂e calculation 
methodology, ensuring results that more accurately reflect 
our real footprint. This effort will require significant 
collaboration and will also place additional demands on 
our suppliers.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 61
Climate change mitigation and adaptation continued
Accounting policy
GHG emission reporting covers the period from 1 January to 
31 December. The “gross” terminology for UCB is interpreted 
by reporting our GHG emissions according to our target’s 
scope without canceling any carbon credit. 
UCB follows the GHG Protocol guidelines for all GHG 
emissions reporting, which includes Scope 1, 2, and 3 
emissions. For GHG emissions reporting, the consolidation 
approach of operational control to define the 
organizational boundary is used. 
UCB follows the Science Based Target initiative's approach 
of excluding a series of emissions sources representing 
less than 10% of UCB's total GHG inventory from UCB's 
GHG emissions reporting. The following emissions have 
been excluded;
• Scope 1: Mobile Combustion (Car Fleet). Countries 
without existing or planned EV infrastructure were 
excluded (Romania, Greece, Türkiye, Russia, Poland, 
Czech Republic, Bulgaria, Hungary, Slovakia, Canada, 
Mexico and Brazil). This exclusion also impacts related 
Scope 3, Category 3 emissions (fuel- and energy-related 
activities). 
• Scope 3, Category 2: Capital Goods were excluded due 
to the short-term nature of contracts, which limits the 
ability to refine CO₂e calculations beyond spend-based 
estimates. 
• Scope 3, Category 6: Business Travel. Sales 
representatives, whose role involves visiting healthcare 
professionals, were excluded to focus on business non-
essential travel. 
• Scope 3, Categories 7 & 8: Employee Commuting and 
Upstream Leased Assets. Offices of less than 500m² 
were excluded due to their minimal impact. These 
spaces, often rented sections of larger buildings with 
limited control over energy use, represent less than 5% 
of UCB’s workforce and 2% of total office space.
• Scope 3, Categories 9, 10, & 15: Downstream 
Transportation and Distribution, Processing of Sold 
Products and Investments were excluded as they are 
immaterial and challenging to address within UCB’s 
influence.  
• Scope 3, Categories 11, 13 & 14: Use of Sold Products, 
Downstream Leased Assets and Franchises are not 
reported as not relevant for UCB activities. 
The net revenue used to calculate GHG intensity is the same 
revenue figure from the consolidated income statement. 
The percentage of suppliers (by GHG emissions) with 
science-based targets is calculated using our annual carbon 
maturity survey result (cross-checked with the SBTi website 
and online public information on the companies’ science-
based target status). We calculate this percentage as follows: 
total GHG emissions of suppliers that have committed or 
validated a climate science-based target / total GHG 
emissions from 3.1 “Purchased goods and services”.

[page 62]
Biogenic CO2 emissions
Scope 1 (tCO2)  23 400  18 900 
Scope 2 (tCO2)  50  129 
2024 2025
While their current contribution remains limited, UCB is 
progressively integrating energy from biomass into its energy 
m i x  t o  s u p p o r t  C O ₂ - r e d u c t i o n  e f f o r t s ,  i n c l u d i n g  b i o m e t h a n e -  
a n d  b i o m a s s - b a s e d  h e a t .  A s  p a r t  o f  t h i s  t r a n s i t i o n ,  U C B  
applies high standards of quality, sustainability and feedstock 
traceability, consistent with best practices and evolving 
regulatory requirements. For biomethane, this includes 
s o u r c i n g  e x c l u s i v e l y  f r o m  w a s t e -  a n d  r e s i d u e - b a s e d  
feedstocks, excluding energy crops.
F o r  S c o p e   1  b i o g e n i c  e m i s s i o n s ,  w e  o b s e r v e  a  d e c r e a s e  i n  
2025 compared with 2024. This reflects the inherent variability 
of our decarbonization roadmap, where progress is driven by 
m a j o r  p r o j e c t s  r a t h e r  t h a n  l i n e a r ,  y e a r - o n - y e a r  r e d u c t i o n s .  T h i s  
variability also influences the annual share of biomethane.
F o r  S c o p e   2  p u r c h a s e d  h e a t ,  w e  o b s e r v e  a n  i n c r e a s e  i n  2 0 2 5 ,  
r e f l e c t i n g  a  f u l l  y e a r  o f  w o o d - b a s e d  h e a t  u s e  i n  S w i t z e r l a n d  
following its introduction at the end of 2024.
Carbon credits  
Carbon credits planned to be canceled in the future 2024 2025
Total (tCO2e)  707 772  689 212 
In 2025, UCB continues its collaboration with WeForest and 
CO2logic to ensure our carbon credits from conservation 
projects meet global standards. These credits come from 
natural sources and conservation projects. Although UCB has 
not started canceling these credits yet, our partners estimate 
the emissions based on current projects, which also have a 
positive impact on the local communities. 
We intend to report transparently on carbon reduction and 
removal efforts, subject to data availability.
In addition to planning to invest in neutralization methods 
that will align with EU regulations and the SBTi framework 
when available, UCB plays a role in contributing to global 
neutrality beyond our value chain through the two key projects 
mentioned above: the Desa’a Forest restoration in Northern 
Ethiopia (in collaboration with WeForest) and the EcoMakala 
reforestation in Virunga National Park in the Democratic 
Republic of Congo (in collaboration with CO2logic). 
Internal carbon pricing    
In 2025, UCB continued to advance its exploration of internal 
carbon pricing mechanisms as part of its commitment to 
environmental sustainability. The organization deepened 
engagement with internal stakeholders and connected with 
external peers as the Carbon Pricing Initiative group. These 
efforts enhanced UCB’s understanding of internal carbon 
pricing frameworks, relevant scopes and best practices, while 
providing valuable insights into adoption trends and practical 
implementation strategies. 
Looking ahead, UCB’s priority for 2026 is to validate the 
scope of a pilot program designed to test internal carbon 
pricing within selected categories or business units. This pilot 
will serve as a key step to validate the value of deploying 
internal carbon pricing for accelerating emissions reduction 
and optimization projects, increasing employee awareness, 
and embedding environmental considerations into core 
decision-making processes. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 62
Climate change mitigation and adaptation continued
E1-7
E1-8
Accounting policy 
The Desa’a Forest Restoration project (Gold Standard ID: 
5618) is a large-scale reforestation initiative, where all 
credits generated are classified as removals. The project 
initially applied the CDM1 reforestation methodology 
ACM0003, which has recently been replaced by Verra’s 
new VM0047 methodology; validation under this 
updated framework is expected in 2026. By the end of 
2025, 7 813 hectares have been restored for UCB, with 
an estimated 7.6 million trees planted. 
The EcoMakala initiative generates approximately 79% 
removal credits through the EcoMakala Reforestation 
Project (Gold Standard ID: 5391) and 21% reduction 
credits through the EcoMakala Energy Project, which 
focuses on improved cookstoves and sustainable 
charcoal production. As of 2025, a total of 626 213 VER 
credits have been issued under the EcoMakala project, 
with 449 700 VER credits purchased by UCB. 
Accounting policy
Biogenic CO₂ emissions refer to greenhouse gas 
emissions resulting from the combustion or 
biodegradation of carbon sequestered by plants during 
their growth, such as in biomass or biogas. These 
emissions are distinct from fossil-based emissions and 
are tracked separately in accordance with international 
standards.
For UCB, current biogenic CO₂ emissions mainly relate to:
• Scope 1: Biogenic emissions of CO₂ from the 
combustion of biomethane.
• Scope 2: Biogenic emissions of CO₂ from the 
consumption of purchased heat produced 
from wood.
Other biogenic sources will continue to be reassessed 
as our activities and energy sourcing evolve.
1. Clean Development Mechanism

[page 63]
Pollution
Impacts, risks and opportunities
Pollution of air, water and soil
Sub-topic IRO type Time frame Value chain Description
Pollution of water, air and soil  Actual
 Direct release of waste (solvents, chemicals, plastic, non-GHG emissions, etc.) from UCB manufacturing sites 
affecting the environment and society (water streams, fields, etc.).
Pollution of air and soil  Actual
 Direct release of waste (solvents, chemicals, plastic, non-GHG emissions, etc.) from outsourced products and 
services (CMOs) affecting the environment and society (water streams, fields, etc.).
Pollution of air  Actual
 Indirect release of non-GHG emissions and ground-level ozone through organic solvents reacting in the 
atmosphere and increasing air pollution. 
Pollution of water  Actual
 Release of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs) into the environment via patient excretion following use of a 
medicine. 
Substances of concern
Sub-topic IRO type Time frame Value chain Description
Substances of concern  Potential
 Use or unintended release of substances of concern (SoC) during manufacturing activities. Regulatory changes 
requiring substitution of SoC can affect (re)approval times of products.
Positive impact
 Negative impact
 Risk
 Opportunity
 Short term
 Medium term
 Long term
 Upstream
 Own operations
 Downstream
Assessing pollution-related risks 
Pollution-related risks are embedded in UCB’s risk 
management process. 
UCB defined the parameters of the Nature assessment 
performed in 2025 (by using “Taskforce on Nature-related 
Financial Disclosures” framework and methodology) to 
include pollution impacts, risks and opportunities not related 
to substances of concern. We modeled it using two scenarios 
(Sustainable World vs. Degraded World) and three timeframes 
(baseline, 2030, 2050). In parallel, we tested regulatory-
tightening pathways relevant to pollution controls. Results of 
the assessment will inform the next double materiality 
updates.
Looking ahead, we will periodically refresh this assessment as 
external rules, Nature models and databases evolve.
For substances of concern, internal product safety and 
compliance governance provides a standardized framework 
to identify associated risks, assess emerging hazard 
information and regulatory developments and determine the 
necessary actions. This governance applies across the entire 
company portfolio, from early-stage research and 
development to commercial product activities.
Pollution of water, air and soil
Policies
UCB’s environmental policy addresses air emissions, soil and 
wastewater management through environmental risk 
assessment, prevention and preparedness plans for potential 
operational incidents. 
The policy emphasizes minimizing pollution as a key 
component of UCB's commitment to environmental 
sustainability. We focus on preventing harm to the 
environment by implementing measures to control and 
reduce pollution from our operations, aiming to protect 
natural resources and ecosystems and ensuring compliance 
with environmental regulations. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 63
E2 IRO-1
E2
E2-1

[page 64]
Our policy aims to avoid incidents and emergency situations, 
and to control and limit their impact on people and the 
environment if they occur. Each site must have an emergency 
response and preparedness process in place to ensure any 
environmental adverse event is properly managed. As a 
minimum, this process will ensure the alarm is raised, an 
investigation is initiated as soon as possible, relevant parties 
are informed, relevant emergency response measures are 
taken and the event is classified according to its severity. 
Significant spills are reported through a declaration to authorities, 
as legally required, with mitigation actions in place. They are 
also consolidated at a global level once a year and disclosed 
in our Annual Report according to the severity classification. 
The policy covers the sub-topics:
• Air pollution: We are committed to proactively manage air 
emissions during manufacturing processes and ensure that 
air quality is maintained at safe levels. 
• Water pollution: UCB is dedicated to ensure effective 
wastewater treatment as part of its commitment to 
sustainable water resource management. This involves 
treating wastewater to meet environmental standards and 
minimize the impact on aquatic ecosystems, by preventing 
and mitigating water pollution throughout the lifecycle of 
UCB medicines. 
• Soil pollution: We minimize soil pollution by managing 
environmental risks associated with our operations. This 
includes assessing the environmental risk of 
pharmaceuticals, maintaining preparedness plans to 
mitigate the impact of any operational incidents and 
managing soil contamination if it occurs. 
For our offices and small labs, we are currently revamping our 
Health, Safety and Environment (HS&E) management system 
to ensure that all affiliates follow a set of minimum HS&E 
requirements. A new Pollution Standard was introduced in 
2025, establishing a comprehensive framework for 
preventing and controlling pollution in all our leased offices. 
Actions
UCB laboratories and leased offices 
For our laboratories, we are striving for all UCB laboratories to 
be My Green Lab-certified by 2030. Achieving My Green Lab 
certification supports pollution prevention by promoting 
sustainable practices in chemical management, waste 
reduction (amongst others, environmental impact reduction 
as energy efficiency, minimizing emissions and resource use) 
across our laboratory’s operations. 
UCB manufacturing sites 
For manufacturing sites where pollution is a material concern, 
we have implemented management systems to control and 
prevent environmental incidents, minimizing the impact of 
our operations. All our manufacturing sites are certified ISO 
14001. 
Focusing on wastewater discharge, we monitor the water 
discharged from our manufacturing sites to ensure it meets 
regulatory standards. Metrics used are Chemical Oxygen 
Demand (COD), which helps us evaluate the organic content 
in wastewater, BOD (Biologic Oxygen Demand) and TSS 
(Total Suspended Solids), amongst other parameters. Our 
manufacturing sites are either equipped with their own 
wastewater treatment plants and then directed to an external 
sewerage system, or the wastewater is directly discharged to 
an external sewerage system. In this last case, the treatment is 
managed by a third-party provider who adheres to local 
regulations. In the event of any type of breach, even if the 
incident is not significant, we systematically report it to the 
authorities. In 2025, the authorities did not register the 
occurrence of any breaches occurring at UCB manufacturing 
sites. 
Real-time monitoring of wastewater micro-pollutants and 
complex pollutant combinations as Active Pharmaceutical 
Ingredients (API) 
In line with our environmental policy – which states our 
commitment to proactively reduce our environmental impact 
beyond regulatory compliance – we made notable progress 
in 2025 in the real-time monitoring of water micro-pollutants. 
These efforts reflect our ambition to proactively go beyond 
our legal requirements by implementing advanced 
technologies and risk assessment approaches that support 
long-term sustainability. At UCB’s Braine-l’Alleud campus 
(Belgium), significant progress was achieved through the use 
of ToxMate technology for biological monitoring of discharges. 
This system continuously detects potential wastewater micro-
pollutants and complex pollutant combinations that 
traditional sensors may miss. Biological responses are now 
interpreted statistically, with microorganism reactivity 
triggered at concentration thresholds – aiming to remain 
below the PNEL (Predicted No-Effect Level). Meanwhile, at 
the Bulle site (Switzerland), we launched our first 
measurement campaigns of API discharges in wastewater, 
aligned with planned manufacturing activities. These 
campaigns aim to assess environmental risks by comparing 
measured concentrations against the PNEL. A full mapping of 
all APIs and their environmental impact per manufacturing 
line is scheduled for completion in 2026. Today we have 
mapped 88% of lines. 
Voluntary disclosure of medicines' environmental risk 
As a medicines producer, most of our material water quality 
risk comes from the excretion of APIs by patients after use of 
our medicines. The environmental risk assessment of UCB 
medicines after their use follows recognized standards, such 
as the European Medicines Agency (EMA) guidelines. 
Outcomes of UCB medicines’ environmental risk assessment 
(ERA) have been publicly disclosed since 2023 and are 
available in the Metrics sub-section. The results point to the 
fact that they are unlikely to pose risks to aquatic 
environments or sewage treatment plants and are not 
expected to bioaccumulate significantly after their use. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 64
Pollution continued
E2-2

[page 65]
Substances of concern or very high concern
Policies 
The topic of substances of concern (SoC) and substances of 
very high concern (SVHC) is managed under the Regulated 
Substances Program and will be addressed more explicitly in 
the Regulated Substances Policy, for which publication has 
been rescheduled for Q1 2026 and rollout across the 
organization later in 2026.
The Regulated Substances Program aims at minimizing the 
use of hazardous substances and promoting substitution. The 
program strengthens the responsible management of 
hazardous substances across UCB’s operations and portfolio. 
The program comprehensively addresses health, safety and 
environmental considerations across the value chain and 
throughout the lifecycle of raw materials, intermediates, and 
finished products. Oversight of the program is provided by 
the Executive Vice President, Patient Supply, a member of 
UCB’s Executive Committee.
Actions 
Through a centralized chemical safety system, chemicals 
purchased, distributed, and manufactured by UCB are 
monitored. The system enables the identification of 
substances of concern (SoC) and substances of very high 
concern (SVHC) used in internal operations to ensure 
regulatory compliance and the responsible management of 
health, safety and environmental risks associated with 
hazardous chemicals. UCB maintains a regulatory intelligence 
framework to monitor and communicate updates on 
substance hazard classifications, enabling the timely 
identification of newly classified SoC and SVHC and the 
implementation of appropriate risk mitigation measures. UCB 
actively engages with relevant trade bodies to align on 
regulatory developments and best practices.
Environmental and safety management systems guide the 
use of hazardous chemicals to control emissions and prevent 
exposure across manufacturing activities. Chemical risks are 
assessed and managed through a hierarchy of controls, 
including elimination, substitution, engineering and 
administrative measures, and personal protective equipment 
(PPE). Employees receive chemical safety training and have 
access to hazard information through a centralized Safety 
Data Sheet (SDS) platform, supported by medical surveillance 
where applicable. Emergency preparedness, spill prevention 
and response measures are in place to minimize 
environmental impacts.
Targets 
Pollution of water, air and soil
UCB sites monitor and strive to comply with local 
environmental regulations and permits (e.g., on water 
discharge or wastewater breaches), and UCB targets 
transparency by publishing the conclusions of environmental 
risk assessments submitted to regulatory authorities. A safe 
discharge program focusing on wastewater pollution from 
API manufacturing is being deployed across UCB’s activities. 
Following the completion of the current pilot phase, the 
program is expected to enable quantitative reporting on API 
concentrations in wastewater from our manufacturing 
locations. UCB aims to publicly report on this metric once the 
program reaches full operational maturity, ensuring these 
levels remain below the Predicted No-Effect Concentration.
Substances of concern
Substances of concern (SoC) and substances of very high 
concern (SVHC) are currently managed locally in accordance 
w i t h  c o u n t r y - s p e c i f i c  r e g u l a t i o n s .  T h r o u g h  i t s  R e g u l a t e d  
Substances Program, UCB defines a global ambition for the 
responsible use of these substances. The program establishes 
centralized oversight and management, aiming to 
progressively reduce the use of hazardous substances 
through a c h e m i c a l  h a z a r d - b a s e d  a p p r o a c h .
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 65
Pollution continued
E2-2 E2-3
E2-1

[page 66]
Metrics
Pollution of water, air and soil 
Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients
UCB brand name Generic name Environmental risk level Link
BIMZELX® bimekizumab Insignificant¹ https://www.ucb.com/sites/default/files/2024-05/Bimzelx.pdf
BRIVIACT®   brivaracetam Insignificant https://www.ucb.com/sites/default/files/2024-05/Briviact.pdf
CIMZIA® certolizumab pegol Insignificant¹ https://www.ucb.com/sites/default/files/2024-05/Cimzia.pdf
CIRRUS® levocetirizine / pseudoephedrine N/A2 /
EVENITY®  romosozumab Insignificant¹ https://www.ucb.com/sites/default/files/2024-05/Evenity.pdf
FERRO SANOL® ferrous (II) glycine sulphate complex Insignificant¹ https://www.ucb.com/sites/default/files/2024-05/Ferro%20Sanol.pdf
FINTEPLA®   fenfluramine Insignificant https://www.ucb.com/sites/default/files/2024-05/Fintepla.pdf
KEPPRA® levetiracetam Insignificant https://www.ucb.com/sites/default/files/2024-05/Keppra.pdf
NAYZILAM®  midazolam N/A2 /
NEUPRO®   rotigotine Low https://www.ucb.com/sites/default/files/2024-05/Neupro.pdf
RYSTIGGO® rozanolixizumab Insignificant1 https://www.ucb.com/sites/default/files/2024-05/Rystiggo.pdf
VIMPAT®   lacosamide Insignificant https://www.ucb.com/sites/default/files/2024-05/Vimpat.pdf
XYREM® sodium oxybate  Insignificant https://www.ucb.com/sites/default/files/2024-05/Xyrem.pdf
XYZAL®  levocetirizine N/A2 /
ZILBRYSQ®  zilucoplan Insignificant https://www.ucb.com/sites/default/files/2024-05/Zilbrysq.pdf
ZYRTEC®  cetirizine N/A2 /
A growing number of UCB medicines are peptides or proteins, 
which, as naturally occurring substances, are unlikely to pose 
environmental risks. According to EMA guidelines, these 
substances degrade rapidly in the human body and in nature, 
minimizing their environmental impact. In contrast, the potential 
water pollutants within UCB’s scope are the APIs that are not 
naturally occurring substances. Their potential impact depends 
on factors such as their fate in the environment and ecotoxicity, 
including bioaccumulation and aquatic chronic toxicity.
1. Due to their nature, vitamins, electrolytes, amino acids, peptides, 
proteins, carbohydrates and lipids are unlikely to result in a significant 
risk to the environment so no PEC (Predicted Environmental 
Concentration) nor PNEC (Predicted No-Effect Concentration) has 
been calculated. 
2. Insufficient data available currently.
3. Wennmalm A, Gunnarsson B. Pharmaceutical management through 
environmental product labeling in Sweden. Environ Int. 2009 
Jul;35(5):775-7. doi: 10.1016/j.envint.2008.12.008. Epub 2009 Feb 3. 
PMID: 19193440.
Accounting policy
We follow the European Medicines Agency’s (EMA) 
scientific guideline on the environmental risk assessment 
of medicinal products for human use to identify water 
pollution risks from our pharmaceuticals. The 
environmental risk is assessed with the Predicted 
Environmental Concentration (PEC) and Predicted No-Effect 
Concentration (PNEC) based on OECD protocols.
For Pharmaceuticals in the Environment due to patient 
excretions, the ratio between the PEC and the PNEC 
defines the environmental risk level, aligned with scientific 
recommendations3:
• PEC/PNEC below 0.1: insignificant environmental 
risk level
• PEC/PNEC between 0.1 & 1: low environmental 
risk level
• PEC/PNEC between 1 & 10: medium environmental 
risk level
• PEC/PNEC higher than 10: high environmental 
risk level
The PEC (Predicted Environmental Concentration), which 
estimates the quantity of pharmaceuticals expected to be 
released into the environment, is assessed for each 
medicine. These assessments are based on conservative, 
worst-case assumptions, including maximum expected 
usage of UCB’s medicines and the highest potential 
concentration in water, assuming no degradation occurs 
in the human body or during sewage treatment. The 
PNEC (Predicted No-Effect Concentration), which 
represents the maximum quantity of pharmaceuticals 
below which no harm to the environment is expected, is 
calculated in accordance with EMA guidelines. It is 
determined as one tenth of the worst ecotoxicity value 
available for each pharmaceutical, with ecotoxicity 
measurements conducted following OECD test standards.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 66
Pollution continued
E2-4

[page 67]
Spills
Total significant spills 0 2
 Total volume of significant spills 
(liters) 0  10 500 
2024 2025
In 2025, two significant environmental spill events were 
identified at UCB facilities. Both were promptly contained and 
managed in accordance with applicable regulatory 
requirements and internal procedures.
A t  t h e  B r a i n e  c a m p u s  i n  B e l g i u m ,  a  p r o c e s s - r e l a t e d  o v e r f l o w  
occurred in February. The incident was immediately 
contained, assessed and reported to the competent 
environmental authorities. Corrective and preventive 
measures have since been implemented to strengthen 
equipment reliability and reduce the risk of recurrence.
At the Bulle site in Switzerland, an unintentional release was 
detected in December. The discharge was stopped quickly, 
escalated internally and is currently undergoing further 
technical assessment. Preventive enhancements, including 
i m p r o v e d  v a l v e - c o n t r o l  s y s t e m s ,  a r e  b e i n g  d e p l o y e d  t o  a v o i d  
future incidents.
Substances of concern 
To strengthen our ability to report on substances of concern (SoC), UCB is developing a central chemical management system. 
This system initially prioritizes SoC and SVHC used in internal manufacturing operations, where volumes and associated risks are 
greatest. Over time, its scope will broaden to include substances used in laboratory settings as well as the chemical composition 
of other items across the UCB portfolio, enabling more comprehensive oversight and lifecycle management.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 67
Pollution continued
Accounting policy
A spill is any accidental release of a hazardous substance 
that can affect human health, land, vegetation, 
waterbodies and groundwater. Significant spills are 
reported through declaration to authorities, as legally 
required, supported by reports which include mitigation 
actions and results of the actions. 
The Spill Index calculation is based on three criteria: the 
nature, volume and fate of a spill (Spill Index = N x V x F). 
Each is given a score depending on its importance, where 
N (Nature) refers to the hazardous nature of the 
substance(s) involved; V (Volume) refers to the magnitude 
of the spill or release; and F (Fate) refers to the extent to 
which the substance enters the receiving environment. 
We recognize a significant leakage when the Spill Index 
exceeds a score of 30.
E2-5


[page 68]
Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge 
Impacts, risks and opportunities  
Water
Sub-topic IRO type Time frame Value chain Description
Water withdrawal
 Scaling recycled wastewater to reduce water withdrawal in high water stress areas.
 Actual
 High amounts of water withdrawn for the production of solutions at UCB manufacturing sites impact the 
availability of water for ecosystems and communities.
 Potential
 High amounts of water withdrawn for the production of solutions at UCB CMOs’ manufacturing plants impact the 
availability of water for ecosystems and communities.
Positive impact
 Negative impact
 Risk
 Opportunity
 Short term
 Medium term
 Long term
 Upstream
 Own operations
 Downstream
Assessing water-related risks 
Water-related risks and dependencies are embedded in UCB’s 
risk management process. Building on the previous climate 
change risks/opportunities assessment towards UCB's value 
chain in the UCB TCFD assessment from 2022, UCB updated 
its analysis in 2025 with wider site and value chain coverage, 
and by adding a complementary assessment on nature 
impacts and dependencies (using Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures and Taskforce on Nature-related 
Financial Disclosures international frameworks that help 
companies identify, assess and disclose risks and 
opportunities, impacts and dependencies).  
Water is thus analyzed via both frameworks: climate-driven 
water stress/drought (following best practices from TCFD 
framework and methodology) modeled using SSP scenarios 
SSP1-2.6, SSP2-4.5, SSP5-8.5 over 2030, 2040, 2050 
horizons, and nature dependencies/impacts on freshwater 
and marine resources (following best practices from TNFD 
framework and methodology) modeled using two scenarios: 
sustainable/degraded world over 2030 and 2050 horizons.
Water-related risks, dependencies and operational 
resilience
For freshwater scarcity or drought, from the 147 locations 
assessed, one UCB site and 16% of value chain sites assessed 
are located in areas facing major structural water stress risk. 
UCB’s Braine-l’Alleud site in Belgium, which hosts 
manufacturing, laboratories, warehouses and other support 
functions, is the key UCB site impacted. Mitigations include 
achieving our water target reduction through implementing 
efficiency projects, investigating possibilities of local water 
stewardship action, ensuring dual or alternative sourcing, 
putting site-level continuity plans in place and leveraging 
accurate insights to inform CapEx and network decisions.
For marine resource dependency, certain microbiology 
release tests rely on marine-derived materials, e.g., horseshoe 
crab blood. This creates exposures to supply constraints and 
discontinuity risks, regulatory and ethical scrutiny, biodiversity 
concerns, price volatility and potential testing bottlenecks if 
availability tightens. UCB is progressively transitioning to 
alternatives by validating and implementing non-animal-
derived testing methods (e.g. recombinant-based endotoxin 
tests), when scientifically robust and acceptable by regulators.
Building strategic and financial resilience 
Qualitatively, risk is concentrated at a limited number of sites; 
response focuses on water demand reduction, resilience 
investments and supply diversification. UCB will periodically 
refresh the water analysis and embed it in UCB’s risk 
management strategy and long-term financial planning.
Policies 
Our environmental policy includes general principles on 
water management, outlining our commitment to conserving 
water, ensuring effective wastewater treatment and practicing 
sustainable water resource management to minimize impacts 
on aquatic ecosystems. It also addresses mitigating water 
scarcity risks through reduced water withdrawal, improved 
water efficiency and recycling within manufacturing plants. 
The policy highlights the goal of increasing efficiency and 
recycling of water resources, with a focus on areas 
experiencing high water stress, reflecting our commitment to 
reducing water withdrawal where it is most needed. 
Aligned with our policy, we strive to design products with 
decreased impact on water-related issues and that contribute 
to the preservation of marine resources.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 68
E3
E3 IRO-1
E3-1

[page 69]
Actions 
Lowering our bioproduct water intensity 
For all our biologic molecules, we calculate the water 
process mass intensity (water PMI) using the metric 
developed by biopharmaceutical industry members of the 
American Chemical Society Green Chemistry Institute 
Pharmaceutical Roundtable. Each new UCB biologic has a 
target at launch of water PMI at least 20% lower than a 
baseline average (baseline formed by average water PMI of 
the process for producing biological molecules at the time 
the target was set), integrated into our Green Product 
Scorecard (more information on the Green Product 
Scorecard in the Circular economy section). As of 2025, three 
UCB biologic products under development are already 
reaching PMI results with reductions far better than the water 
PMI target, and new processes for producing other biologic 
products show a continuous reduction in water intensity.
Specific actions in high water stress areas 
Key manufacturing sites have long-term action plans to 
decrease water withdrawal and reduce risk in water stress 
areas through monitoring, reducing and recycling water, 
including actions such as optimizing water sampling, 
automating cooling tower fans and improving the efficiency 
of HVAC systems. For example, in 2025, a water efficiency 
study has been performed on some buildings at the Braine-
l’Alleud campus (Belgium) which will be translated into an 
action plan in 2026. In Bulle (Switzerland), we implemented 
water saving initiatives and projects in the biomanufacturing 
building that included closing open loops used for 
monitoring, optimizing cleaning cycles and processes for 
starting purified water generators, leading to savings of more 
than 4 000m³ per year. Our water conservation actions relate 
primarily to the Braine-l'Alleud campus (Belgium), as this site is 
our only major owned manufacturing location situated in a 
high or extremely high water stress area as defined by the 
WRI Aqueduct mapping tool. 
Other UCB sites in water risk areas are limited to offices and 
small laboratories. In 2025, we continued with the detailed 
design of water recycling projects at the Braine-l'Alleud 
(Belgium) and Bulle (Switzerland) manufacturing sites to 
reduce the amount of water withdrawn. These projects will 
be implemented by phases, to reach a planned full 
implementation in 2030 and savings of 26% versus 2024 
water withdrawal on these two sites.
Targets 
Our water conservation target is a 15% absolute reduction by 
2030 compared to 2019. This voluntary target is accompanied 
by strict compliance with water and wastewater-related 
regulations. Producing biopharmaceuticals is a water-
intensive process. As UCB’s pipeline evolves, we need to 
increase production capacity to support new product 
launches, including several biopharmaceutical products, 
presenting a substantial challenge to our absolute water 
target in m³. This has pushed us to find innovative solutions to 
decouple our growth from the increased demand for this vital 
resource, especially in areas facing high water risk.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 69
Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge continued
E3-2
E3-3


[page 70]
Metrics
Water
Base year
2019 2024 2025
Variance (%)
Base year
Main (city) water (m3)  554 427  470 472  451 296  -18.6 %
Ground and surface water (m3)  65 848  27 134  33 144  -49.7 %
Total water withdrawn (m3)  620 275  497 606  484 440  -21.9 %
Total water withdrawn in areas at water risk, including areas of high water stress (m3)  300 091  268 115  287 287  -4.3 %
Percentage of water withdrawn in areas with water stress  48.4 %  53.9 %  59.3 %  22.5 %
Water intensity (m3/m€)  126.2  81.0  62.6  -50.4 %
Total water recycled (m3)  —  957  2 124  — 
UCB’s total water withdrawal decreased by 3% compared 
with 2024. The divestment of our Zhuhai site in China 
contributed to this reduction, offsetting increases linked to 
activity growth at other locations. In addition, efficiency 
projects at our Switzerland manufacturing site—such as 
optimized cleaning cycles and improved water sampling in 
production—and the implementation of water recycling in 
sanitary facilities at our Japan manufacturing site further 
supported this reduction.
The amount of water withdrawn in areas facing high or 
extremely high water stress risk decreased by 4,3% compared 
with our 2019 base year. However, the overall proportion of 
water withdrawal occurring in high water stress areas has 
i n c r e a s e d .  O u r  B r a i n e - l ’ A l l e u d  c a m p u s  a c c o u n t s  f o r  a r o u n d  
80% of withdrawals in these areas, and the industrial water 
recycling project currently being designed at this site will 
allow us to drive further reductions. Insights from this project 
will inform the rollout of similar initiatives across additional 
sites.
Accounting policy
UCB prioritizes water withdrawal metrics over water 
consumption, as withdrawal data provides a better 
understanding of overall water use and dependence on 
water resources, following the CDP’s position. 
UCB reports on water withdrawal across its sites, 
defining it as the total volume of water withdrawn from 
all sources (including surface water, groundwater, 
rainwater and municipal water supply) into the site 
boundaries during the reporting period. Specifically, all 
UCB sites larger than 500m² report their water 
withdrawal based on supplier invoices. When invoices 
are unavailable and water meters cannot be installed, 
consumption is estimated using site activities, 
geographical location and square footage. UCB-owned 
sites are equipped with a network of strategically 
placed water meters to monitor water withdrawal, 
detect deviations and promptly investigate root causes 
of any anomalies. The collected data are cross-
checked monthly against received invoices to ensure 
accuracy. 
The net revenue used to calculate water intensity is the 
same revenue figure from the consolidated income 
statement. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 70
Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge continued
E3-4

[page 71]
Circular economy
Impacts, risks and opportunities 
Circular economy
Sub-topic IRO type Time frame Value chain Description
Waste  Actual
 Disposing of single-use devices needed for self-medication of biopharmaceutical solutions.
Positive impact
 Negative impact
 Risk
 Opportunity
 Short term
 Medium term
 Long term
 Upstream
 Own operations
 Downstream
Assessing circular economy-related risks 
Resources, raw materials and circularity are embedded in 
UCB’s enterprise risk management process. UCB defined 
parameters for the dependencies/impacts and risks/
opportunities assessment to include raw materials (following 
best practices from Taskforce on Nature-related Financial 
Disclosures framework and methodology). We modeled it 
using two scenarios (Sustainable World vs. Degraded World) 
and three timeframes (baseline, 2030, 2050). We included 
fossil-fuel based raw materials (e.g., solvents, natural gas), 
some bio-based raw materials (e.g., rubber) and some key 
strategic commodities (e.g. corn, timber, palm oil, sugar). 
Worldwide-recognized databases (e.g., NGFS, IEA) helped us 
to model evolution of price and availability, internal expertise 
was used to collect data and identify related circularity levers 
(e.g., substitution, recycled content, reuse), and both were 
combined to define an appropriate methodology for each 
analyzed item.
Under the current scope and UCB risk impact and likelihood 
materiality thresholds, no raw materials-related risk, 
opportunity, dependency or impact was assessed as material. 
Looking ahead, we will periodically refresh this assessment as 
external rules, Nature models and databases evolve.
Policies 
Our environmental policy addresses practices that seek to 
ensure the sustainable sourcing of resources, optimize 
resource efficiency and emphasize the increased use of 
secondary (recycled) resources. The policy includes 
measures to manage waste responsibly and ensure that 
waste is disposed of in the best available manner. 
We promote circular economy by implementing 
comprehensive solvent recycling, enhancing packaging 
recyclability, increasing the use of renewable materials and 
utilizing the Green Product Scorecard (described in the Actions 
sub-section) to continuously optimize resource efficiency.
Actions 
Improving resource efficiency based on UCB’s Green 
Product Scorecard 
UCB’s Green Product Scorecard scores our products’ 
environmental performance in design, development and 
production, based on a cradle-to-grave lifecycle analysis (LCA).1 
This spans from the carbon footprint and water impact of raw 
materials to manufacturing, distribution and usage, through to 
end-of-life treatment of packaging and device waste after use. 
We assess different segments of our product lifecycle to identify 
resource optimization opportunities. 
The Green Product Scorecard is aligned with the waste 
hierarchy framework, structured around the following 
hierarchy: preventing inflow and outflow; reducing inflow and 
outflow; and utilizing recycled inflow while enhancing 
recyclability of outflows. 
All core UCB products are covered by our Green Product 
Scorecard, which includes customized targets for each 
product.²
Reducing and replacing solvents
Solvents are the most significant resource used to manufacture 
small molecules used as Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients 
(APIs). Through UCB’s Green Product Scorecard, each 
medicine must be covered by a targeted action plan based 
on replacing solvents for greener inflow, reducing, reusing 
and recycling in this order of priority. All action plans are 
coined through a comprehensive analysis realized using the 
Process Mass Intensity (PMI) metric and the Global Warming 
Potential (GWP – in kilograms of CO2e emissions linked to the 
use of raw materials to manufacture 1kg of active ingredient), 
both developed by the American Chemical Society’s (ACS) 
Green Chemistry Institute (GCI) Pharmaceutical Roundtable.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 71
E5
E5 IRO-1 E5-1
1. Our internal LCA tool was developed by the ERM International Group – based on Ecoinvent 3.6 Database and Process Mass Intensity (PMI) developed by the ACS GCI PR.
2. UCB’s Green Product Scorecard is based on a streamlined Life Cycle Assessment, accompanied by several workshops to bring together cross-departmental expertise related to touchpoints such as product development, industrialization, 
packaging, marketing or strategy. Opportunities were mapped, prioritized and used to build a customized environmental footprint reduction roadmap with an associated target for each medicine.
E5-2

[page 72]
In 2025, progress was made toward reducing the 
environmental impact of an API process currently under 
development. A project that demonstrated a 64% reduction in 
raw material use across three manufacturing steps at 
laboratory scale in 2024 is now being prepared for industrial 
implementation. This represents an important step in a series 
of initiatives designed to reach the Global Warming Potential 
target of the API manufacturing process.
To support implementation, UCB conducts cross-departmental 
workshops, leveraging expertise in product development, 
industrialization, packaging and strategic planning. 
Beyond APIs, UCB uses its Formulation Environmental 
Decision Tool (FEDT) to compare various drug product 
compositions and manufacturing processes, systematically 
guiding the drug process development team toward the most 
sustainable options.
Packaging and device resource minimization and circularity 
UCB’s "green-by-design" approach integrates environmental 
considerations into feasibility studies for all packaging and 
devices intended for patient use, using feedback on packaging 
and device sustainability perceptions from a broad pool of 
intended users at an early design stage. We are also working 
closely with our partners and contract manufacturing 
organizations (CMOs) to ensure that safety and sustainable 
design criteria are embedded in the solutions they design for 
our medicines.
Following the 2024 redesign of CIMZIA® 200mg prefilled 
syringe packaging for Japan, we extended the initiative to re-
engineer CIMZIA® syringe and autoinjector packs for Europe 
and other countries. The updated design prioritizes 
recyclability and is planned for launch in early 2027.
Ongoing initiatives to promote medical device circularity 
across UCB medicines’ lifecycle include our participation in 
the non-profit Circularity in Primary Pharmaceutical 
Packaging Accelerator (CiPPPA) in the U.K. and returpen™, a 
pioneering medical waste recycling program in Denmark. We 
are also assessing the feasibility of launching a similar 
p r o g r a m  i n  B e l g i u m  a n d  e x p l o r i n g  p a n - E u r o p e a n  s y n e r g i e s  t o  
a d v a n c e  a  c o m p r e h e n s i v e  e n d - t o - e n d  s t r a t e g y  f o r  managing 
waste generated by medical devices and packaging.
Targets 
UCB has set a voluntary absolute reduction target for waste generation on-site, committing to reduce our waste production by 
18% by 2030 compared to 2019. 
UCB has set targets to increase sustainable sourcing of resources, optimize resource efficiency and emphasize the increased 
use of secondary (recycled) resources, deployed through the Green Product Scorecard program. Green Product Scorecard 
targets aiming to reduce our product footprint encompass metrics on the Process Mass Intensity (PMI) to optimize resource 
use, "green-by-design" principles on circularity, waste treatment and product environmental footprints. Products are given an 
overall score based on these metrics, and each UCB solution is re-evaluated every three to four years to incorporate new 
opportunities for improvement. 
Additionally, UCB’s climate targets encompass the end-of-life stage of our products, addressing waste treatment after their use 
to further mitigate environmental impact.
Metrics 
Waste
Amount of hazardous waste diverted from disposal and prepared for reuse  —  6 
Amount of hazardous waste diverted from disposal for recycling  1 475  1 203 
Amount of hazardous waste diverted from disposal for other recovery methods  —  — 
Total amount of hazardous waste diverted from disposal  1 475  1 209 
Amount of non-hazardous waste diverted from disposal and prepared for reuse  —  1 
Amount of non-hazardous waste diverted from disposal for recycling  2 431  2 027 
Amount of non-hazardous waste diverted from disposal for other recovery methods  294  15 
Total amount of non-hazardous waste diverted from disposal  2 725  2 044 
Total amount of waste diverted from disposal  4 140  3 253 
Amount of hazardous waste directed to disposal for incineration  1 483  1 739 
Amount of hazardous waste directed to disposal to landfill  1  — 
Amount of hazardous waste directed to disposal for other disposal operations  33  18 
Total amount of hazardous waste directed to disposal  1 517  1 757 
Amount of non-hazardous waste directed to disposal for incineration  619  704 
Amount of non-hazardous waste directed to disposal to landfill  27  50 
Amount of non-hazardous waste directed to disposal for other disposal operations  —  — 
Total amount of non-hazardous waste directed to disposal  646  753 
Total amount of waste directed to disposal  2 163  2 510 
Total amount of non-recycled waste  2 457  2 533 
Percentage of non-recycled waste  39 %  44 %
Total amount of hazardous waste  2 932  2 966 
Total amount of non-hazardous waste  3 371  2 797 
Total amount of radioactive waste generated  0.008  0.007 
Total amount of waste generated  6 303  5 763 
2024 2025
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 72
Circular economy continued
E5-3
E5-5

[page 73]
U C B  c o n t i n u e s  t o  s t r e n g t h e n  i t s  e f f o r t s  t o  m i n i m i z e  o n - s i t e  
waste generation and increase the share of waste diverted 
from disposal, pursuing the best available options such as 
reuse and recycling, which reached 56.4% in 2025. 
Our reported waste volumes decreased by 9.6% compared 
with 2024. This reduction is mainly attributable to the broader 
use of primary data—replacing earlier conservative estimates 
b a s e d  o n  w o r s t - c a s e  a s s u m p t i o n s  —  a s  w e l l  a s  t h e  d i v e s t m e n t  
of the manufacturing site in Zhuhai, China. To ensure 
y e a r - o n - y e a r  c o m p a r a b i l i t y ,  p r e - 2 0 2 5  d a t a will be recalculated 
with our mosyt recent methodology once we initiate a formal 
b a s e - y e a r  r e c a l c u l a t i o n .
Accounting policy
UCB on-site resource outflow consists of the total 
amount of hazardous and non-hazardous waste 
information across its sites, as defined per local legislation 
at the point of generation, created by UCB sites during 
the reporting period. UCB sites report on waste 
information based on waste management information, 
such as waste management invoices or waste balance 
sheets that allow us to track our waste stream (type of 
waste associated with the type of treatment) globally. 
UCB has recently increased the accuracy and 
granularity of its waste data reporting, including details 
on waste category and associated treatment types. 
However, this level of detail was not available before 
2023. As a result, it is not possible to retroactively 
calculate the waste footprint using the new 
methodology, and comparisons to the 2019 baseline 
for each category and treatment type cannot be made. 
Products and materials
2024 2025
Rate of recyclable at scale content 
in UCB products and packaging  75 %  72 %
Carton  23.7 %
Paper  17.0 %
Metal  2.5 %
Plastic  25.4 %
Glass  31.4 %
Waste composition from end-of-life UCB products
Accounting policy
UCB's downstream resource outflows consist of the 
packaging materials and medical devices associated 
with the medicines sold during the reporting year. Each 
packaged product is detailed in a Master Bill of Material, 
which specifies all components and their respective 
weights. These data are combined with the total sales 
volumes for the reporting year to determine the overall 
weight of outflows. 
The recyclability at scale of the outflows is assessed 
with the support of the Ellen MacArthur Foundation 
tool, specifically made to evaluate plastic goods that 
are recyclable in practice and at scale, from plastic 
goods that are only technically recyclable.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 73
Circular economy continued


[page 74]
EU Taxonomy
Definitions
The EU Taxonomy (Regulation (EU) 2020/852) establishes a 
classification system used by the European Union to assess 
the environmental sustainability of specific economic 
activities. It is intended to support the transition toward a 
l o w - c a r b o n  a n d  r e s o u r c e - e f f i c i e n t  e c o n o m y  b y  p r o v i d i n g  
companies and financial actors with a common framework 
and technical criteria. While the Taxonomy aims to guide 
investment toward more sustainable activities, its practical 
uptake is still evolving and investor engagement remains 
uneven at this stage.
Under this framework, an economic activity is considered 
T a x o n o m y - e l i g i b l e  w h e n  i t  i s  d e s c r i b e d  i n  t h e  D e l e g a t e d  A c t s  
supplementing the Taxonomy Regulation. Eligibility reflects 
the scope of activities covered by the EU Taxonomy but does 
not in itself indicate environmental performance.
A n  a c t i v i t y  i s  c o n s i d e r e d  T a x o n o m y - a l i g n e d  w h e n :
• it meets all applicable technical screening criteria;
• it makes a substantial contribution to at least one of the 
EU's environmental objectives;
• and it does no significant harm (DNSH) to any of the 
others; and
• it is conducted in compliance with minimum safeguards, 
which include requirements related to human rights, anti-
corruption, fair competition and responsible taxation.
The six environmental objectives defined by the EU 
Taxonomy are climate change mitigation, climate change 
adaptation, sustainable use and protection of water and 
marine resources, transition to a circular economy, pollution 
prevention and control and the protection and restoration of 
biodiversity and ecosystems. For pharmaceutical industries, 
pollution prevention and control is the most impacted 
objective, which is why it is considered as substantial 
contribution.
Activities that are not described in the Delegated Acts are 
c o n s i d e r e d  T a x o n o m y - n o n - e l i g i b l e .  T h e s e  a c t i v i t i e s  f a l l  
outside the scope of assessment under the current 
Taxonomy framework. As the regulatory landscape continues 
to evolve, particularly with the Omnibus amendments, the 
scope of eligible and aligned activities may expand as well.
 Our activities
n Non-eligible  3 %
n Eligible  97 %
n Non-eligible  3 %
n Eligible  97 %
n Non-Eligible  76 %
n Eligible  24 %
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 74
CapEx
Turnover
OpEx

[page 75]
Taxonomy-eligibility
Between 2024 and 2025, we did not introduce any changes 
to our methodology. It remains consistent with that applied in 
the previous reporting period. 
We keep reporting under our core-business activity "1.2 
Manufacture of medicinal products" for the CapEx and OpEx 
KPIs. We have followed the approach that the only economic 
activity of the UCB Group is the manufacture of medicinal 
products. All the OpEx and CapEx support this economic 
activity with which we generate revenue. Indeed, our mission 
is to produce differentiated medicines to reach as many 
patients as possible. The essence of our activity is to bring 
solutions to patients, producing medicines for them. 
However, as the legislation has evolved, with voluntary 
application for 2025 reports and applicable to our next annual 
report, we will perform a comprehensive review of this 
methodology in 2026 to ensure full alignment with the new 
regulatory requirements.
Taxonomy-alignment
UCB is dedicated to delivering innovative and differentiated 
treatment options to patients. As part of our commitment to 
sustainable performance, we have undertaken a 
comprehensive review to assess the alignment of our core 
business activity, the “Manufacture of Medicinal Products”, 
with the EU Taxonomy Technical Screening Criteria (TSC).
In addition to focusing our analysis on this core economic 
activity, we concentrated our assessment on UCB’s two 
strategic manufacturing sites, which together represent the 
backbone of our industrial capacity for biological and 
pharmaceutical production. These sites manufacture active 
pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs), which constitute the products 
with the highest environmental footprint. Both sites are actively 
progressing through the Taxonomy assessment process.
According to the EU Taxonomy system, medicines can only 
be deemed sustainable if they meet specific criteria. 
This includes verifying whether substances are naturally 
occurring, biodegradable or mineralized, or demonstrating 
the absence of technically feasible alternative ingredients. 
Assessing the environmental performance of medicinal 
products requires extensive and highly specific data 
collection, particularly regarding ingredient characteristics.  
Furthermore, the Taxonomy requires verification relating to 
the presence of certain substances of concern and the lack 
of viable substitutes, which demands additional scientific, 
regulatory and operational evidence.
Despite the EU Taxonomy complexity, UCB supports the 
implementation of the EU Taxonomy framework. We 
recognize the value of having a common definition for 
environmentally sustainable turnover, CapEx and OpEx. 
In 2025, we have continued our data gap assessment 
process. In our case, a detailed assessment shows that a 
substantial portion of our APIs already meet the EU 
Taxonomy criteria related to environmental degradation, 
either through demonstrated biodegradability or 
mineralization potential. The other APIs are still under 
evaluation, as additional testing is required before conclusions 
can be drawn.
Our analysis has shown that while our products meet some 
criteria, they do not fulfill all of them. This “all or nothing” 
approach results in a 0% alignment. 
We share the concerns expressed by the European 
Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations1 
and its members that the TSC do not adequately reflect the 
sustainable practices of the pharmaceutical industry. We 
believe that the current approach does not acknowledge the 
unique characteristics of medicinal products and fails to 
incentivize environmental improvements made to these 
products.
UCB has been committed for over 15 years, and remains 
committed, to reducing the environmental footprint of our 
operations and our medicines. Our policies, actions, targets 
and performance to minimize our impact on the planet are 
presented throughout the 'Sustainability Statement'.
While the EU Taxonomy is not yet fully aligned to the realities 
of our sector, UCB will continue to use the technical criteria 
as a guiding reference to shape our long-term ambition and 
support future environmental improvements.
However, given the complexity of the EU Taxonomy, we may 
not commit to any changes linked to the alignment process if 
they are not reasonable or are not in line with our strategic 
goals.
Minimum safeguards
Ethics and business integrity is a priority area for UCB and we 
have different practices that strive to protect the minimum 
safeguards as defined in the EU Taxonomy. We will assess 
and harmonize due diligence processes to comply with the 
Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive by 2028. Our 
commitment to respecting human rights across our value 
chain is described in the 'Workers in the value chain' section 
and our anti-bribery and anti-corruption practices are 
described in the 'Business conduct' section.
UCB will continue to monitor and consider any changes in the 
EU Taxonomy regulation going forward, along with overall 
readiness procedures for next year's Annual Report.
Taxonomy-eligible economic activities 
Economic activities Description
1.2 Manufacture of 
medicinal products
Manufacture and sale of medicines 
produced by the group or by a 
contract manufacturing organization 
(CMO) intended for patients living with 
diseases in immunology, neurology, 
and other therapeutic areas.
We consider as Taxonomy-eligible under activity 1.2, the 
revenue coming from medicinal products and OpEx and 
CapEx that support the assets used in the production of the 
medicinal products.
Our KPIs and accounting policies
The key performance indicators (KPIs) include the turnover 
KPI, the CapEx KPI and the OpEx KPI. For presenting the 
Taxonomy KPIs, we use the templates provided in Annex II of 
the Disclosures Delegated Act. None of our activities 
contribute to multiple environmental objectives, so no 
disaggregation of KPIs is required.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 75
EU Taxonomy continued
1. How the EU can incentivise environmental sustainability of new medicines

[page 76]
Turnover template for financial year 2025
A. Taxonomy-eligible activities
A.1 Environmentally 
sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Manufacture of medicinal 
products
PPC 
1.2 - 0% - - - - - - - - - - - - - 0% - -
Turnover of environmentally 
sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1) - 0% - - - - - - - - - - - - - 0% - -
A.2 Taxonomy-eligible but not 
environmentally sustainable 
activities (not Taxonomy-
aligned activities)
EL; N/
EL (b)
EL; N/
EL (b)
EL; N/
EL (b)
EL; N/
EL (b)
EL; N/
EL (b)
EL; N/
EL (b)
Manufacture of medicinal 
products
PPC 
1.2  7 487  97% N/EL N/EL N/EL EL N/EL N/EL - - - - - - -  93% - -
Turnover of Taxonomy-eligible 
but not environmentally 
sustainable activities (not 
Taxonomy-aligned 
activities)(A.2)  7 487  97% 0% 0% 0%  97 % 0% 0% - - - - - - -  93% - -
A. Turnover of Taxonomy-
eligible activities (A.1 + A.2)  7 487  97% 0% 0% 0%  97 % 0% 0% - - - - - - -  93% - -
B. Taxonomy-non eligible 
activities
Turnover of Taxonomy-non 
eligible activities (B)  217  3% 
Total  7 704 100%
Substantial contribution criteria Does not significantly harm criteria (DNSH)
Economic Activities Code
Turnover
€ million
Proportion 
of turnover, 
year 2025
%
Climate 
change 
mitigation 
Y; N; N/EL 
(a)
Climate 
change 
adaptation 
Y; N
N/EL (a)
Water Y; 
N; N/EL 
(a)
Pollution 
Y; N; N/EL 
(a)
Circular 
economy 
Y; N; N/EL 
(a)
Biodiversity               
Y; N
N/EL (a)
Climate
change
mitigation
Y/N
Climate
change
adaptation
Y/N
Water
Y/N
Pollution
Y/N
Circular
economy
Y/N
Biodiversity
Y/N
Minimum
safeguards
Y/N
Proportion of 
Taxonomy 
aligned or -
eligible turnover, 
year 2024
%
Category
enabling
activity
E
Category
transitional
activity
T
(a) Y Yes, Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective.
N No, Taxonomy-eligible but not Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective.
N/EL Not eligible, Taxonomy-non-eligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.
(b) EL Taxonomy-eligible activity for the relevant objective.
N/EL Taxonomy-non-eligible activity for the relevant objective.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 76
EU Taxonomy continued

[page 77]
CapEx template for financial year 2025
A. Taxonomy-eligible activities
A.1 Environmentally 
sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Manufacture of medicinal 
products
PPC 
1.2 - 0% - - - - - - - - - - - - - 0% - -
CapEx of environmentally 
sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1) - 0% - - - - - - - - - - - - - 0% - -
A.2 Taxonomy-eligible but not 
environmentally sustainable 
activities (not Taxonomy-
aligned activities)
EL; N/
EL (b)
EL; N/
EL (b)
EL; N/
EL (b)
EL; N/
EL (b)
EL; N/
EL (b)
EL; N/
EL (b)
Manufacture of medicinal 
products
PPC 
1.2  601  97% N/EL N/EL N/EL EL N/EL N/EL - - - - - - -  95% - -
CapEx of Taxonomy-eligible 
but not environmentally 
sustainable activities (not 
Taxonomy-aligned 
activities)(A.2)  601  97% 0% 0% 0%  97% 0% 0% - - - - - - -  95% - -
A. CapEx of Taxonomy-eligible 
activities (A.1 + A.2)  601  97% 0% 0% 0%  97% 0% 0% - - - - - - -  95% - -
B. Taxonomy-non eligible 
activities
CapEx of Taxonomy-non 
eligible activities (B)  17  3% 
Total  618  100% 
Substantial contribution criteria Does not significantly harm criteria (DNSH)
Economic Activities Code
CapEx
€ million
Proportion 
of CapEx, 
year 2025
%
Climate 
change 
mitigation 
Y; N; N/EL 
(a)
Climate 
change 
adaptation 
Y; N
N/EL (a)
Water 
Y; N; N/
EL (a)
Pollution 
Y; N; 
N/EL (a)
Circular 
economy 
Y; N; 
N/EL (a)
Biodiversity 
Y; N
N/EL (a)
Climate 
change 
mitigation 
Y/N
Climate 
change 
adaptation 
Y/N
Water 
Y/N
Pollution 
Y/N
Circular 
economy 
Y/N
Biodiversity 
Y/N
Minimum 
safeguards 
Y/N
Proportion of 
Taxonomy-
aligned or -
eligible 
CapEx, year 
2024
%
Category 
enabling 
activity
E
Category 
transitional 
activity
T
(a) Y Yes, Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective.
N No, Taxonomy-eligible but not Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective.
N/EL Not eligible, Taxonomy-non-eligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.
(b) EL Taxonomy-eligible activity for the relevant objective.
N/EL Taxonomy-non-eligible activity for the relevant objective.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 77
EU Taxonomy continued

[page 78]
OpEx template for financial year 2025
A. Taxonomy-eligible 
activities
A.1 Environmentally 
sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Manufacture of medicinal 
products
PPC 
1.2 -  0% - - - - - - - - - - - - -  0% - -
OpEx of environmentally 
sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1) -  0% - - - - - - - - - - - - -  0% - -
A.2 Taxonomy-eligible but 
not environmentally 
sustainable activities (not 
Taxonomy-aligned activities)
EL; N/
EL (b)
EL; N/
EL (b)
EL; N/
EL (b)
EL; N/
EL (b)
EL; N/
EL (b)
EL; N/
EL (b)
Manufacture of medicinal 
products
PPC 
1.2 120  24% N/EL N/EL N/EL EL N/EL N/EL - - - - - - -  23% - -
OpEx of Taxonomy-eligible 
but not environmentally 
sustainable activities (not 
Taxonomy-aligned activities) 
(A.2) 120  24%  0%  0%  0%  24%  0%  0% - - - - - - -  23% - -
A. OpEx of Taxonomy-eligible 
activities (A.1 + A.2) 120  24%  0%  0%  0%  24%  0%  0% - - - - - - -  23% - -
B. Taxonomy-non eligible 
activities
OpEx of Taxonomy-non 
eligible activities (B) 387  76% 
Total 507  100% 
Substantial contribution criteria Does not significantly harm criteria (DNSH)
Economic Activities Code
OpEx
€ million
Proportion 
of OpEx, 
year 2025
%
Climate 
change 
mitigation 
Y; N; N/EL 
(a)
Climate 
change 
adaptation 
Y; N
N/EL (a)
Water Y; 
N; N/EL 
(a)
Pollution 
Y; N; N/EL 
(a)
Circular 
economy 
Y; N; N/EL 
(a)
Biodiversity 
Y; N
N/EL (a)
Climate 
change 
mitigation 
Y/N
Climate 
change 
adaptation 
Y/N
Water 
Y/N
Pollution 
Y/N
Circular 
economy 
Y/N
Biodiversity 
Y/N
Minimum 
safeguards 
Y/N
Proportion of 
Taxonomy-
aligned or -
eligible OpEx, 
year 2024
%
Category 
enabling 
activity
E
Category 
transitional 
activity
T
(a) Y Yes, Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective.
N No, Taxonomy-eligible but not Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective.
N/EL Not eligible, Taxonomy-non-eligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.
(b) EL Taxonomy-eligible activity for the relevant objective.
N/EL Taxonomy-non-eligible activity for the relevant objective.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 78
EU Taxonomy continued

[page 79]
UCB SA – Consolidated disclosures pursuant to 
Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation 
In this section, as a non-financial parent undertaking, we 
present the share of our Group turnover, capital expenditure 
(CapEx) and operating expenditure (OpEx) according to the 
EU Taxonomy requirements for the reporting period of 2025. 
These are associated with the Taxonomy-eligibility and 
Taxonomy-alignment of the economic activity "1.2 
Manufacture of medicinal products" related to the Pollution 
Prevention and Control (PPC) environmental objective, in 
accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation.
Turnover KPI
In 2024 and in 2025, we used the IFRS 15 revenue figure as a 
denominator, which is the total net turnover as disclosed in 
Note 7 Revenue from contracts with customers. To calculate 
the numerator, we consider the net sales before hedging, the 
contract manufacturing and the milestones received by UCB 
relating to UCB products already sold on the related market. 
 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 79
EU Taxonomy continued


[page 80]
CapEx KPI
The CapEx KPI is defined as Taxonomy-eligible CapEx 
(numerator) divided by our total CapEx (denominator). 
Total CapEx consists of additions to tangible and intangible 
assets during the financial year, before depreciation, 
amortization, and any remeasurements, including those 
resulting from revaluations and impairments, as well as 
excluding changes in fair value. It includes acquisitions of 
tangible fixed assets (IAS 16), intangible fixed assets (IAS 38) 
and right-of-use assets (IFRS 16). Goodwill is not included in 
CapEx, because it is not defined as an intangible asset in 
accordance with IAS 38. For further details on our accounting 
policies regarding our CapEx, see a summary of our 
significant accounting policies (Note 3 Summary of significant 
accounting policies). The denominator can be reconciled 
with the additions available in Note 20 Intangible assets and 
Note 22 Property, plant and equipment, plant and equipment. 
The denominator shall also cover additions to tangible and 
intangible assets resulting from business combinations (refer 
to the additions in Note 8 Business combinations) but we do 
not have any for the fiscal years 2024 and 2025. 
To determine the numerator, we consider that assets and 
processes are associated with Taxonomy-eligible economic 
activities when they are essential components for executing 
an economic activity. 
OpEx KPI 
EU Taxonomy defines OpEx differently compared to financial 
reporting, therefore OpEx as defined by EU Taxonomy would not 
equal the total operating expenditure in the financial statements.
The OpEx KPI is defined as Taxonomy-eligible OpEx (numerator) 
divided by the total defined as Taxonomy OpEx (denominator). 
Following the EU Taxonomy regulation,1 the total OpEx 
consists of direct non-capitalized costs related to research 
and development (R&D), building renovation measures, short-
term leases, plant and laboratory equipment purchased but 
not capitalized, as well as all forms of maintenance and 
repair. Any other direct expenditures relating to the day-to-
day servicing of assets of Property, plant and equipment by 
the entity or third party to whom activities are outsourced, 
that are necessary to ensure the continued and effective 
function of the asset, should also be part of the denominator. 
Only a small part of R&D expenses has been taken into 
account in the denominator, as depreciation and indirect 
expenses were excluded. For depreciation, the costs have 
been excluded to avoid a double count, as assets that are 
depreciated are already taken in CapEx in previous years. For 
the other R&D expenses, a lot of these expenses concern 
expenses that are not directly related to projects. OpEx for EU 
Taxonomy reporting should exclude overheads, raw materials, 
costs of employees operating machines, cost of managing 
research and development projects and electricity, fluids or 
reagents needed to operate the property, plant and equipment. 
During the clinical and preclinical development phases in the 
biopharmaceutical industry, there is still quite some 
uncertainty whether these projects will lead to regulatory 
approval and hence products that will generate revenues. 
Therefore the R&D expenses that are directly related to 
projects (as taken in the denominator) have not been 
considered as Taxonomy eligible OpEx (for the numerator) 
for the economic activity “Manufacture of medicinal products”. 
Maintenance and repair expenditures were determined based 
on the maintenance and repair costs allocated to our internal 
cost centers. The related cost items can be found in various 
line items in our income statement, including cost of sales 
(maintenance in operations,) and general and administrative 
expenses (such as maintenance of IT systems). In general, 
these expenditures include costs for services and material 
costs for daily servicing, as well as for regular and unplanned 
maintenance and repair measures. These costs are directly 
allocated to the property, plant and equipment. This does not 
include expenditures relating to the day-to-day operation of 
the property, plant and equipment, such as raw materials, 
cost of employees operating the machinery, electricity or 
fluids that are necessary to operate the property, plant and 
equipment. Amortization and depreciation are also excluded 
in the OpEx KPI.
Costs for building renovation measures and short-term leases are 
also included in the numerator and denominator of the OpEx KPI.
Contextual information 
UCB does not carry out activities in the nuclear or fossil fuel sectors.
Nuclear energy-related activities
1. The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from 
nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.
No
2. The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes 
of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best available technologies.
No
3. The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district 
heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades.
No
Fossil gas-related activities
4. The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels. No
5. The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels. No
6. The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels. No
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 80
EU Taxonomy continued
1. Commission notice on the interpretation of legal provisions of EU Taxonomy February 2022

[page 81]
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 81
Social 
information

[page 82]
Human rights policy overview
Scope of policy
A l l  U C B  e m p l o y e e s ,  i n c l u d i n g  t h o s e  w o r k i n g  o n  o u r  b e h a l f .  T h i r d - p a r t y  e x p e c t a t i o n s  a r e  d e f i n e d  
in the UCB Responsible Sourcing Standards for Business Partners.
Accountable for implementation
The Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer serves as the key sponsor for UCB-wide human rights 
activities and reports regularly on human rights matters to UCB’s Board of Directors and 
Executive Committee.
Internationally recognized instruments
Aligned with the International Bill of Human Rights, the Declaration on Fundamental Principles 
and Rights at Work and the UN Global Compact (to which UCB is a signatory). We also affirm our 
commitment to the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.
Availability
The policy is available at UCB website and intranet. Employees are informed of this policy 
through a mandatory training. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 82
Social Information continued
Description of key contents
The policy defines UCBʼs human rights 
commitment, roles, responsibilities, 
and the key principles guiding 
decisions and activities to safeguard 
and uphold human rights. Identified 
commitments include third-party 
related risks (notably labor rights, 
environmental impacts, corruption) 
and non-discrimination, non-
harassment and fair treatment for 
UCB employees, the right to health 
and ethical clinical trials.
It also establishes how UCB identifies 
salient human rights issues, conducts 
due diligence, engages with rights 
holders and provides remedy when 
adverse impacts occur.

[page 83]
S1 SBM-3
Own workforce
Impacts, risks and opportunities
Inclusion
Sub-topic IRO type Time frame Value chain Description
Diversity, Measures against 
violence and harassment in 
the workplace
 Potential
 Promoting inclusive practices in UCB's workforce (e.g., equal promotion, inclusive recruitment) can lead to an 
increase in employee satisfaction and wellbeing.
 Actual
 Harassment and discrimination, which should be reported through the UCB Integrity Line, can affect employee 
wellbeing, productivity and retention rates.
Diversity  Actual
 Lack of representation in UCB's workforce at all levels of the organization (including executive level in particular) 
can lead to employee discouragement, loss of productivity and ultimately turnover.
 Actual
 A lack of equal opportunity for career advancement opportunities can lead to employee discouragement, loss of 
productivity and ultimately turnover.
Leverage business leaders as enablers to help drive the principles of inclusion throughout UCB (e.g., diversity in 
clinical trials, equal opportunities and pay equity) which should lead to enhanced reputation, talent attraction, 
productivity and broader market insights.
Employee development
Sub-topic IRO type Time frame Value chain Description
Training and skills 
development
Inability to upskill and recruit employees with new industry technological skills needed (e.g., AI, machine learning) 
at the required speed of the business transformation can lead to a competitive disadvantage for UCB.
Reaching social, environmental and financial performance can lead to increased attractiveness of the company 
towards younger generations.
Health, safety and wellbeing
Sub-topic IRO type Time frame Value chain Description
Health and safety  Actual
 Adhering to high employee health, safety and wellbeing standards (above legal obligations) and ensuring 
employees feel safe to speak up.
 Actual
 Old/aged manufacturing infrastructure and equipment and its associated impact on employee physical safety.  
 Actual
  
 Using organic solvents with toxic and carcinogenic properties that directly impact the UCB employee and their family.
 Actual
 High-risk manufacturing activities, such as working at height, in confined spaces, in explosive atmospheres, with 
pressurized equipment or close to construction activities, leading to fatalities or severe injuries.
Work-life balance  Actual
 High work pressure and long working hours, leading to screen fatigue, lack of movement, burnouts and a 
decrease in work efficiency. 
Health and safety, Work-life 
balance
Reputational and investor risk of UCB over global health, safety and wellbeing (HSWB) ambitions and HSWB 
targets/policies/actions. 
Positive impact
 Negative impact
 Risk
 Opportunity
 Short term
 Medium term
 Long term
 Upstream
 Own operations
 Downstream
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 83
S1

[page 84]
Inclusion   
Policies 
In 2025, UCB continued to embed the principles of Inclusion 
across the organization, as set out in the UCB Code of 
Conduct, Human Rights Policy and other internal policies, 
across the business. In 2026, we will continue to assess and 
update our policies as needed to emphasize our ongoing 
commitment to advance these principles in a legally 
compliant manner, while continuing to prevent discrimination 
across our workforce and supply chain. The implementation 
of these policies is overseen by the Chief Human Resources 
Officer (member of the Executive Committee) and the Global 
Head of Inclusion.
UCB follows applicable local laws and regulations on 
workplace inclusion and non-discrimination, including 
providing specific local guidance on areas such as disability 
accommodations and parental leave in each market.
Actions 
Our global inclusion roadmap aims to ensure these principles 
are woven into all aspects of our company. Such initiatives 
are backed by equipping internal advocates with resources to 
boost awareness and understanding, as well as continuing 
our commitments to inclusive recruitment and to pay equity, 
as may be required by applicable law.
UCB's network of inclusive communities are open to all 
employees. They consist of nine Local Inclusion Councils, 
eight Employee Resource Groups (ERG) and allies. These 
communities help ensure that the principles of inclusion are 
integrated throughout our business operations at a local level. 
Their activities include initiating mentorship programs, hosting 
community events, and educating the wider workforce on 
the importance of inclusion.
Monthly "ERG Office Hours" exchanges between the Global 
Inclusion team, ERG leaders and a joint community 
encourage interactions and sharing of best practices across 
these groups. These exchanges serve as a platform to gain 
insights and feedback from ERG to help address any potential 
challenges in fostering an inclusive work environment..
UCB's commitment to equal opportunity and 
nondiscrimination is also embedded throughout all our talent 
processes, supported by an extensive onboarding and 
learning portfolio. Our hiring processes seek to ensure that 
our internal talent pool is consistently leveraged for new 
opportunities, including posting all open positions to enhance 
transparency. Hiring managers have been trained on 
promoting equal opportunity and mitigating bias in our talent 
attraction processes, including with regard to the posting of 
roles, recruitment, interviewing and hiring.
Employee development
Policies 
Our global talent strategy aims to ensure that structured 
internal mobility, professional development, and referral 
programs encourage skills development and expertise 
sharing. Through the internal employee growth center and 
their Learning and Talent Partners, all UCB employees can 
access learning platforms and cross-functional skill 
development and explore internal mobility and leadership 
opportunities. This is supported by increased investment into 
accelerated leadership learning programs, an increased focus 
on developing digital skills (e.g., AI), and transversal skills to 
support our evolving business strategy. A capability-building 
process is in place to ensure we are constantly addressing 
current and future skill gaps in the workforce.
Our talent strategy aims to mitigate any risk of UCB falling 
behind industry standards in terms of technology and broader 
workforce capability skills, as well as the likelihood of 
employees looking elsewhere as a result of dissatisfaction 
with their personal development progress. This falls under the 
oversight of the Chief Human Resources Officer, who is part 
of the Executive Committee.
UCB’s employee development practices are in compliance 
with local regulations (e.g., Belgian employment legislation on 
annual training plan and individual training rights).
Actions
We support the progression of employees through ongoing 
personal development plans and access to learning and 
mobility platforms, supported by a culture of lifelong learning 
across UCB. 
• To broaden access to learning and better meet the diverse 
development needs of our employees, we accelerated the 
r o l l o u t  o f  g l o b a l  l e a r n i n g  p l a t f o r m s  i n   2 0 2 5 ,  m a k i n g  
LinkedIn Learning available to all employees who wish to 
use it.
• To encourage internal mobility, we have a strong early 
careers strategy, supported by an internal opportunity 
marketplace and careers site to promote career 
development opportunities to existing employees. These 
have helped us achieve our 2025 internal mobility objective 
comfortably.
• We actively promoted UCB’s Transversal Learning Portfolio, 
our centralized offering designed to help all employees 
build critical transversal skills, resulting in a significant 
increase in both participation and overall reach.
• Company-wide ‘leadership learning’ programs aim to equip 
leaders (from line managers to senior executives) with the 
right people management skills and mindset to promote a 
growth culture among their teams. 
• In 2025, we redesigned our performance and growth 
evaluation process, which will be implemented in 2026. 
The updated approach provides greater clarity and 
transparency regarding performance expectations, and 
introduces a new ‘growing self and others’ dimension, 
emphasizing feedback, learning, and development as 
integral components of performance.
• To attract, develop and retain top research and 
development (R&D) talents in a competitive pharmaceutical 
talent landscape, we run various initiatives targeted 
specifically at scientists and R&D professionals, including 
short-term job rotations to help employees expand their 
professional horizons and connect with other UCB teams, 
internal PhD opportunities to develop and retain our top 
graduates, external PhD sponsorship programs with leading 
U.K./EU academic institutions to strengthen our early 
career talent pool and mentoring programs with senior 
leaders. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 84
Own workforce continued
S1-4
S1-1
S1-4
S1-1

[page 85]
Health, safety and wellbeing
Policies 
At UCB, the health, safety and wellbeing of all personnel are 
foundational to our operational excellence and corporate 
responsibility. We are committed to fostering a culture where 
every individual – whether employee, contractor or visitor – 
can thrive in a safe, healthy and supportive working 
environment. We firmly believe that all injuries are 
preventable, and we continuously strive to eliminate any 
potential hazards through proactive risk management and the 
implementation of industry-leading programs. 
• We design, operate and maintain our facilities to industry 
standards to prevent harm to our people and the 
environment. 
• We ensure compliance with all applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements related to health, safety and 
wellbeing. 
• We integrate health, safety, wellbeing and product 
stewardship into our business strategy, planning and 
decision-making processes. 
• We establish clear accountabilities and responsibilities for 
health, safety and wellbeing performance at every 
organizational level. 
• We provide comprehensive information, instructions, 
procedures, training and resources to empower our 
colleagues to work safely and contribute to a culture of 
shared vigilance and continuous improvement. 
• We regularly review and enhance our practices to ensure 
ongoing compliance, risk mitigation and the advancement 
of our health, safety and wellbeing objectives. 
The global Health, Safety and Wellbeing (HSWB) Policy is 
supported by a set of global operational procedures 
governing the main processes of ISO 45001; and the latter 
are transcribed into local procedures applicable at the site 
level, taking into account the local operational and regulatory 
specificities. The policy is endorsed by our CEO, Chief 
Human Resources Officer, Executive Vice President, Patient 
Supply and Head of Health, Safety and Wellbeing.
Actions 
In 2025, UCB launched a comprehensive, multi-year safety 
program at the Braine-l’Alleud (Belgium) campus, a strategic 
site for research, development and manufacturing. This 
initiative is designed to strengthen the robustness of our 
safety management system and drive significant 
improvements in our safety performance. Our mid-term 
objective is to achieve ISO 45001 certification for the 
campus, underscoring our commitment to international 
standards of occupational health and safety. 
A cornerstone of this program is the development of Safety 
Leadership across our management team, beginning with 
senior leaders. By empowering our leaders with advanced 
safety competencies, we foster a culture of accountability 
and proactive risk management throughout the organization. 
In addition to this program specifically targeting the Braine 
campus, several major initiatives have been launched or 
continued in 2025. 
Our high-severity risks mitigation program continues 
according to plan, focusing on three priority areas: technical 
assessment of physical assets, deployment of operational 
standards, and skills and competency enhancement. 
Additionally, we have defined and standardized safety 
requirements for large capital projects, ensuring that every 
new construction project aligns with our rigorous safety 
expectations from design to execution to completion. To 
support continuous improvement, we have enhanced and 
simplified our reporting tool for near-miss incidents and 
hazardous situations. This enables timely identification and 
resolution of potential risks, fostering a transparent and 
responsive safety culture. 
Our Road Safety Program remains a priority, with a particular 
focus on the United States – UCB’s largest car fleet. The 
program has also been expanded to include all UCB 
employees on a voluntary basis, reinforcing our commitment 
to employee wellbeing both on and off site.
We have continued to advance our “The Essentials” program, 
an initiative designed to ensure that our health and safety 
management systems are robust, fit-for-purpose and 
effectively support risk control and the ongoing improvement 
of the organization’s health, safety and wellbeing performance. 
Our manufacturing site in Japan (Saitama) has successfully 
renewed its ISO 45001 certification, following the successful 
recertification of our Swiss manufacturing site (Bulle) in 2024. 
We strengthened global crisis management by designing and 
deploying a harmonized framework, developing global 
policies, enhancing infrastructure with a crisis room, and 
launching a pilot in Italy to begin global rollout. In 2026, 
priorities are completing the rollout, finalizing documentation, 
operationalizing the crisis room and expanding training 
programs. On the wellbeing side, aligned with our listening 
strategy, we conducted global focus groups to identify the 
root causes of mental health and workload challenges. We 
also launched the “Mental Health Happy Hour” podcast in 
partnership with the Resilience Institute, releasing five 
episodes throughout the year to support employee wellbeing 
and mental resilience. Finally, we have established a Health, 
Safety, Wellbeing & Business (HSWB) Steering Committee at 
the executive level to provide strategic oversight and 
governance for our numerous HSWB initiatives, programs 
and projects.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 85
Own workforce continued
S1-1
S1-4

[page 86]
Processes for engaging with UCB’s 
own workforce 
In 2025, we strengthened our commitment to listening as a 
strategic enabler of inclusion, wellbeing, ethical business 
practice and engagement. Our approach reflects UCB’s 
ambition to create a workplace where every voice matters 
and insights translate into meaningful action. By evolving 
from one-off surveys to a continuous listening model, we are 
embedding dialogue at the heart of our culture, ensuring that 
signals are captured, analyzed and acted upon at the right 
level of the organization. 
We engage with our workforce and their representatives to 
foster trust, psychological safety and shared accountability. 
Our goal is to ensure that employees feel heard and 
empowered, while leaders are equipped to listen on a more 
targeted level, and to act on insights that improve inclusion, 
wellbeing and engagement.
One global Pulse survey was conducted in July, focusing on 
inclusion, which reached 1 000 employees with a 
participation rate of around 50%. The Pulse provides timely 
insights while minimizing survey fatigue and it complemented 
our global employee survey in September.
Beyond surveys, we deepened qualitative understanding 
through two major focus group initiatives. Approximately 200 
employees participated in each, exploring critical topics such 
as wellbeing and equal opportunities. These sessions 
provided rich insights into lived experiences and helped 
identify systemic and local drivers of employee sentiment. 
Additional channels, including AI-driven social listening on 
external platforms, exit interviews and informal conversation 
forums, ensured that feedback was captured across multiple 
touchpoints.
Listening only creates impact when it leads to action. In 2025, 
we reinforced governance and accountability to ensure that 
insights inform decisions and drive change. Strategic 
oversight is provided by the Executive Committee, supported 
by an Employee Advisory Board and a dedicated global 
listening team. Local leaders remain accountable for 
addressing team-specific challenges, while systemic issues 
are escalated to senior leadership for resolution. Closing the 
feedback loop through transparent communication remains a 
priority, as it strengthens trust and encourages continued 
participation in listening initiatives.
Remediation channels for UCB’s 
own workforce 
We have established clear channels for employees to report 
any incidents or concerns, and we are committed to promptly 
and effectively address any negative impacts on our workforce. 
Our investigation processes are designed to address 
concerns promptly and fairly, and we promote trust through 
regular training and communication, raising awareness of 
these mechanisms. To ensure continuous improvement, we 
continuously update policies, enhance training programs, and 
adopt new technologies, if needed. 
Channels for reporting incidents
To ensure every voice is heard and valued, multiple channels 
exist for employees to raise concerns or share feedback 
confidentially. These include the UCB Integrity Line (available 
in over 200 languages and accessible to anyone who wishes 
to report a concern through an online platform or through 
phone calls) and robust incident and reporting systems, as well 
as the encouragement of open conversations between 
employees, their managers, and designated company 
representatives. 
Any managers receiving reports from their team members 
must also report them to Ethics and Business Integrity (E&BI). 
All complaints submitted trigger an assessment, followed by a 
confidential investigation, which may lead to corrective 
disciplinary actions. 
UCB’s Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer is accountable for 
ensuring that effective processes are in place for employees 
to speak up and that any reports are appropriately investigated. 
UCB’s Global Head of Investigations tracks and monitors the 
status of the reports and investigations. UCB is committed to 
taking all reports seriously and conducting a thorough review. 
When reports are received either through the UCB Integrity 
Line or through E&BI, Talent Partners, Legal or another 
channel, the reporting party receives confirmation of receipt 
and information on how to get status updates on their report.
Health, safety and wellbeing reporting mechanisms 
UCB has established robust global and local procedures to 
ensure the consistent and timely notification, investigation, 
reporting and communication of all health, safety and 
environmental (HSE) adverse events. These processes are 
designed to identify root causes, implement corrective 
actions and facilitate cross-functional learning to prevent 
recurrence. The scope of these procedures extends to all 
UCB employees worldwide, including contingent workers, 
contractors managed by third parties, consultants and visitors. 
Proactive risk management is a cornerstone of our safety 
culture. Employees are encouraged to actively identify and 
report hazardous situations before incidents occur, enabling 
the organization to address risks promptly and continuously 
improve site safety. 
UCB tracks HSE performance using defined KPIs and targets, 
covering both leading and lagging indicators. Monthly results 
are consolidated into a global dashboard shared with 
executives, supporting timely analysis and escalation of 
critical issues.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 86
Own workforce continued
S1-2
S1-3

[page 87]
Addressing grievances
UCB has comprehensive mechanisms to handle employee 
grievances or complaints promptly, fairly, and transparently, 
including confidential Employee Assistance Programs1 (EAPs) 
in the majority of countries, and a network of trusted persons 
responsible for handling grievances and complaints at the 
local level, ensuring that employees have access to support 
and resolution mechanisms within their region.
Non-retaliation policies
UCB has a strict non-retaliation policy to protect all 
employees who raise concerns or report misconduct. 
Confidential reporting channels exist for employees to raise 
their concerns without fear of their identity being disclosed, 
such as the UCB Integrity Line, and local trusted persons or 
talent representatives. Our EAP offers confidential support 
and resources to employees facing personal or work-related 
challenges and provides an additional layer of protection and 
support for employees who may be hesitant to report 
concerns due to fear of retaliation. UCB conducts regular 
training and awareness programs to educate employees 
about their rights and the protections available to them, 
emphasizing the importance of reporting concerns and our 
commitment to protecting whistleblowers.
Promoting awareness and building trust
We continuously monitor the effectiveness of remediation 
processes through performance evaluation (KPIs), regular 
audits, and reviews to identify any gaps or areas for 
improvement and ensure our approach remains effective and 
responsive to the needs of our workforce.
This is also measured through our annual Ethics and 
Business Integrity Perceptions Survey. The feedback 
collected helps to identify areas for improvement and ensure 
that our communication efforts are effective and trusted by 
employees. UCB also collects feedback from employee 
representatives and committees on the effectiveness of our 
reporting processes.
Targets
In 2025, we set the following targets: 
Health, safety and wellbeing index > 81% ≥ 81%
Total Recordable Injury Rate <2.53 ≤ 2.10
Lost Time Injury Rate <2.17 ≤ 1.70
Inclusion index  75 %  75 %
Employees reporting having good 
opportunities to learn and grow >70% >70%
Indicator 2025 target 2026 target
These targets include all UCB employees worldwide (own 
workforce, both employees and non-employees, in the case 
of safety targets) and are developed based on ongoing 
feedback from different teams within UCB before being 
approved and endorsed by UCB’s Executive Committee. 
Talent Partners can track the performance and contributions 
of their partner teams, initiating reviews to reflect on results 
and identify necessary improvements.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 87
Own workforce continued
S1-5


[page 88]
Metrics
Characteristics of UCB employees 
Europe 3 118 3 123 6 241 3 440 3 419 6 859
Belgium 1 711 1 480 3 191 1 988 1 718 3 706
Germany 218 325 543 227 340 567
U.K. 372 463 835 380 503 883
Switzerland 426 249 675 466 270 736
Other European countries 391 606 997 379 588 967
Intercontinental 716 513 1 229 797 576 1 373
Japan 475 132 607 496 147 643
Other Intercontinental countries 241 381 622 301 429 730
U.S. 788 1 120 1 908 775 1 110 1 885
Total 4 622 4 756 9 378 5 012 5 105 10 117
Headcount by country and gender 2024 2025
Country Male Female
Total 
employees Male Female
Total 
employees
Number of permanent employees (headcount) 4 466 4 586 9 052 4 830 4 935 9 765
Number of temporary employees (headcount) 156 170 326 182 170 352
Number of non-guaranteed hours employees 
(headcount) N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Total 4 622 4 756 9 378 5 012 5 105 10 117
2024 2025
Permanent and temporary contracts by gender Male Female Total Male Female Total
Number of permanent 
employees (headcount) 6 089 1 902 1 061 9 052 6 667 1 878 1 220 9 765
Number of temporary 
employees (headcount) 152 6 168 326 192 7 153 352
Number of non-guaranteed 
hours employees (headcount) N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
Total 6 241 1 908 1 229 9 378 6 859 1 885 1 373 10 117
2024 2025
Permanent and temporary contracts by region Europe U.S. Intercontinental Total Europe U.S. Intercontinental Total
UCB’s total headcount increased by 8% in 2025, rising from 
9 378 in 2024 to 10 117, reflecting a deliberate expansion of 
our talent base. This growth supports our ability to advance 
science, strengthen operational excellence, and deepen 
engagement with patients, partners, and healthcare systems 
worldwide.
H e a d c o u n t  g r o w t h  w a s  g e o g r a p h i c a l l y  b r o a d - b a s e d ,  w i t h  
several core locations recording notable increases, 
underscoring ongoing investment in strategic markets.
The expansion was driven primarily by our permanent 
workforce, which grew from 9 052 to 9 765 employees. 
F i x e d - t e r m  c o n t r a c t s  r e m a i n e d  a  s m a l l  a n d  s t a b l e  s h a r e  o f  
total headcount, increasing only from 326 to 352. This 
b a l a n c e  h i g h l i g h t s  U C B ’ s  c o m m i t m e n t  t o  b u i l d i n g  l o n g - t e r m  
capabilities while supporting employment stability for our 
people.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 88
Own workforce continued
S1-6
Accounting policy
The number of employees is reported according to 
headcount at December 31. This is the number of 
active (including permanent and temporary) contract 
regular and expatriated UCB employees. It does not 
include the following employee groups: inactive 
employees, trainees, students and third-party 
apprentices. The breakdown for countries where UCB 
has “significant employment” is provided. UCB has set 
the threshold of significant employment at 300 
employees (a lower threshold than the ESRS). 
Temporary employees are active contract UCB 
employees in headcount having a fixed-term (limited 
period) contract type. UCB has no contracts for non-
guaranteed hours employees, so this metric is not 
applicable. 

[page 89]
Europe 259 148 407 199 164 363
Intercontinental 120 355 475 91 79 170
U.S. 131 78 209 130 104 234
Total 510 581 1 091 420 347 767
Departures
2024 2025
Voluntary Involuntary Total Voluntary Involuntary Total
Administration/support staff  4.5 %  5.0 %  9.5 %  3.5 %  1.8 %  5.3 %
Executives  3.9 %  2.6 %  6.5 %  3.7 %  4.4 %  8.1 %
Managers/professionals  4.8 %  3.5 %  8.3 %  3.2 %  2.2 %  5.4 %
Sales force  8.2 %  7.4 %  15.6 %  8.2 %  7.7 %  15.9 %
Technical staff  4.9 %  1.6 %  6.5 %  3.6 %  2.4 %  6.0 %
Total turnover rate  5.3 %  4.2 %  9.5 %  4.1 %  3.1 %  7.2 %
Staff turnover
2024 2025
Voluntary Involuntary Total Voluntary Involuntary Total
Diversity metrics   
Employees in top management level (headcount)  98  68  166  97  74  171 
Employees in top management level (percentage)  59 %  41 %  100 %  57 %  43 %  100 %
Gender
representation at
executive level
2024 2025
Male Female Total Male Female Total
Europe  412  3 839  1 897  491  4 217  2 151 
Intercontinental  44  945  333  35  986  352 
U.S.  58  1 019  831  55  968  862 
Total  514  5 803  3 061  581  6 171  3 365 
Age distribution of
employees
2024 2025
<30 30-50 >50 <30 30-50 >50
Other metrics 
Inclusion Index  70.8 %  71.8 %
2024 2025
In 2025, UCB reviewed and enhanced its listening strategy, 
reinstating the annual employee survey for all employees. 
Additionally, global focus groups were introduced to explore 
flagged opportunities from the 2024 results, providing deeper 
insights. A mid-year Pulse survey was deployed to monitor 
the impact of ongoing efforts. Employee perceptions of 
inclusion, as measured by the Inclusion Index, improved since 
the previous year, bringing us closer to our 2027 target of 
75%. Overall, most inclusion drivers showed improvement, 
namely "Belonging", "Trust", "Integrating Differences" and 
"Inclusive Decision-Making". However, "Psychological Safety" 
emerged as the only declining driver, signaling an area for 
focused attention. While progress brings us closer to our 
objectives, there is still room for improvement. Detailed 
results from all initiatives are analyzed, shared and discussed 
with leadership teams and key stakeholders. In parallel, each 
team leader receives a report of their team’s results and is 
encouraged to review them collaboratively, agree on focus 
areas and take action, supported by their respective Talent 
Partner.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 89
Own workforce continued
MDR-M
S1-9
Accounting policy
Total turnover is the percentage of voluntary and involuntary terminated permanent contract employees during the last 12 
months out of the average 12-month permanent contract employee headcount.
Accounting policy
Based on the global employee survey, the Inclusion Index 
measures UCB employees' sense of belonging, trust, 
psychological safety, integration of differences and 
inclusivity in decision-making. It uses survey responses on 
the listed drivers for a weighted average. The formula is 
Inclusion Index Score = (Belonging Score * 1/3) + (Trust 
and Psychological Safety Scores * 1/3) + (Integrating 
Differences and Inclusive Decision-Making Scores * 1/3). 
The index uses a weighted average of three pillars: 
Belonging, Feel Safe, and Fully Participate & Freely 
Express. The Feel Safe pillar is formed by the Trust and 
the Psychological Safety inclusion drivers, while the Fully 
Participate & Freely Express pillar is formed by the 
Integrating Differences and Inclusive Decision-Making 
inclusion drivers. Belonging is the inclusion driver with the 
highest weight, as it is a stand-alone pillar.

[page 90]
Employee development 
Employees reporting having good 
opportunities to learn and grow  68.5 %  68.0 %
2024 2025
% performance
reviews  92 %  92 %  87 %  85 %
% career development reviews  81 %  84 %  85 %  88 %
Average training hours 52.8 43.3 58.1 46.7
2024 2025
Male Female Male Female
Employees’ perception of learning and good career 
opportunities is essential for good employee experience and 
ultimately retention, so ensuring that employees feel they are 
learning and growing is critical. While we did not fully reach 
our 2025 objective of 70% of employees reporting that they 
‘have good opportunities to learn and grow at UCB,’ the 
results remain encouraging and provide a strong basis for 
continued progress. In 2026, we aim to further strengthen 
this outcome by closely monitoring employee satisfaction 
with our learning and development offerings, including via 
NPS (Net Promoter Score) of the available trainings.
Health, safety and wellbeing 
% of employees covered by health 
& safety management systems  63.7 %  66.1 %
Number of fatalities 0 0
Total number of recordable work-
related accidents 55 42
Rate of recordable work-related 
accidents (TRIR) 2.81 2.21
Total number of days lost due to 
work-related injury 466 889
Lost time incident rate (LTIR) 2.41 1.85
HSWB Index  64.1 %  81.2 %
2024 2025
In 2025, the HSWB Index reached 81.2%, exceeding the target 
and marking a significant improvement compared with 2024. 
The ‘HSWB survey’ and ‘Employee metrics’ components 
r e m a i n e d  l a r g e l y  s t a b l e  y e a r - o n - y e a r ,  w h i l e  t h e  o v e r a l l  
increase was primarily driven by the safety performance 
c o m p o n e n t ,  r e f l e c t e d  i n  t h e  L T I R .  N o t a b l y ,  w o r k - r e l a t e d  
a c c i d e n t s  a t  t h e  B r a i n e - l ’ A l l e u d  ( B e l g i u m )  c a m p u s  w e r e  
r e d u c e d  b y  h a l f  c o m p a r e d  w i t h  2 0 2 4 .  T h e  m u l t i - y e a r  s a f e t y  
program launched in 2025 contributed to this progress, 
underscoring both the strategic importance of safety and the 
essential role each individual plays in preventing accidents. 
Building on the renewal of ISO 45001 certifications at Bulle 
(Switzerland) and Saitama (Japan), the Braine campus’ 
progression toward certification will further strengthen the 
consistency and robustness of our safety management 
framework and reinforce employee engagement.
While not explicitly reflected in the index, we also remain 
focused on preventing severe injuries and fatalities and are 
pleased to report that no Serious Injury and Fatality (SIF) 
occurred in 2025.
We are continuing to assess the potential evolution of the 
HSWB Index, with a possible revision under consideration for 
2026–27 to further enhance how we measure impact. This 
r e v i e w  w i l l  e n a b l e  u s  t o  r e - e v a l u a t e  t h e  c o n t r i b u t i o n s  o f  e a c h  
component and confirm whether the selected indicators 
remain appropriate for accurately reflecting performance.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 90
Own workforce continued
S1-13 S1-14
Accounting policy
• Learning and growth questions in UCB employee 
experience surveys were based on employee 
responses to the following question: “I have good 
opportunities to learn and grow at UCB”. The 2025 
score is based on the 2025 Global Employee Survey.
• Percentage of performance reviews is the percentage 
of UCB employees eligible for the performance 
evaluation process who have received a performance 
rating for the reporting period out of the total UCB 
employee headcount as at December 31. The 
formula used is number of employees with reporting 
period performance rating / December 31 UCB 
employee headcount * 100.
• Percentage of career development reviews is the 
percentage of UCB employees eligible for the talent 
review process who have received a talent rating for 
the reporting period out of the total UCB employee 
headcount as at December 31. The formula used is 
number of employees with reporting period talent 
rating / December 31 UCB employee headcount * 100.
Accounting policy
The rate of recordable work-related accidents or Total 
Recordable Injury Rate (TRIR) refers to the number of 
recordable accidents which occurred in the period of 
one year relative to the total number of hours worked 
in the period, per million hours worked.
Lost time incident rate (LTIR) refers to the number of 
recordable accidents resulting in a person being absent 
from the workplace for one or more days, which 
occurred in the period of one year, relative to the total 
number of hours worked in the period, per million 
hours worked. The metrics cover UCB own workforce, 
both employees and non-employees,  except the 
HSWB Index (which covers only employees). 
Safety within the HSWB Index is measured through a 
combination of metrics, including  the LTIR, which 
accounts for 30% of the Index. The remaining 70% is 
based on our HSWB indicator, which combines results 
from our annual employee survey with employee 
metrics, such as how many people are promoted, 
engaged with personal development plans, or have 
access to an employee assistance program and access 
to sport. Performance is measured on a calendar year 
timeframe, covering January to December 2025.

[page 91]
Remuneration metrics
Unadjusted gender pay gap  
Belgium  1.6 %  -0.2 %
Germany  9.5 %  11.1 %
Japan  2.9 %  2.9 %
Switzerland  -4.3 %  -5.8 %
United Kingdom  12.7 %  11.9 %
United States  8.6 %  8.5 %
UCB population (weighted average)  4.9 %  3.4 %
Country 2024 2025
Our pay equity ambition aligns with our core values and 
cultural foundation, ensuring that rewards are fair in relation 
to individual contributions and market reality. For the past few 
years, we have been measuring and regularly monitoring our 
pay equity positioning per country (considering adjusted pay 
gaps) and have implemented mechanisms and tools to 
ensure that actions are taken towards equitable pay, at the 
time of recruitment and progressively during our annual 
compensation cycles. A portion of our gender pay gap may 
be attributable to the company having a higher proportion of 
women in entry-level roles and a smaller share at the top 
executive ranks, where compensation levels are higher.
Internally, we have employed a methodology to assess the 
fairness of individual salaries by comparing actual salaries to 
predicted fair salaries. This methodology accounts for 
legitimate factors influencing pay differences, such as job 
level, seniority and performance over time. Based on this, we 
can measure the Adjusted gender pay gap (GPG). In most 
countries with significant employment, the Adjusted GPG falls 
within the -/+2% range, including the United States, United 
Kingdom, Belgium, Germany, and Switzerland.
Remuneration ratio
Belgium 15.5 15.8
Germany 7.0 3.0
Japan 4.6 4.7
Switzerland 4.4 4.7
United Kingdom 4.4 5.6
United States 4.1 4.0
Country 2024 2025
Incidents, complaints and severe human rights 
impacts
Number of complaints filed through 
channels for people in own workforce to 
raise concerns (human rights) 9 6
Number of substantiated reports of 
discrimination 5 9
Amount of fines, penalties, and 
compensation for damages as a result of 
incidents of discrimination and complaints 
about human rights 0 0
Number of severe human rights issues and 
incidents connected to own workforce 0 0
Amount of fines, penalties, and 
compensation for damages as a result of 
severe human rights incidents 0 0
2024 2025
The number of substantiated reports of discrimination include 
case issue types of substantiated reports of discrimination and 
harassment. In all substantiated cases the employees in 
question were investigated and the substantiated cases 
resulted in disciplinary action. More information on types of 
cases (beyond discrimination) reported and their outcomes 
are reported in the Ethical Business Practices section.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 91
Own workforce continued
S1-16
Accounting policy
The gender pay gap measures the difference in average 
earnings between men and women within the 
organization. The metric refers to the average male 
base pay level over the average female base pay level 
(unadjusted pay gap), expressed as a percentage of the 
average pay of male employees. The method used to 
calculate this metric is (Average gross hourly pay for 
male employees - Average gross hourly pay for female 
employees) / Average gross hourly pay for male 
employees) * 100. 
The gender pay gap is defined at country level and the 
UCB gender pay gap is calculated based on a 
population-weighted average of each of the individual 
country gender pay gaps. We report the information for 
countries where we have significant employment 
(more than 300 employees).
Accounting policy
The remuneration ratio metric measures the ratio of 
the annual base pay compensation of the highest-paid 
individual in the country to the median annual base pay 
compensation for all employees in the country, 
excluding the highest-paid individual.
S1-17
Accounting policy
• The number of complaints filed through channels for 
people in own workforce to raise human rights 
concerns takes into account aggregated reports 
from all of UCB’s reporting channels, including 
reports made to UCB’s Integrity Line and from other 
channels, including to the Ethics and Business 
Integrity, Talent, and Legal departments, as well as 
managers and senior leaders. This numbers excludes 
the substantiated reports of discrimination.
• Substantiated reports are proven to be true, as 
supported by evidence.

[page 92]
Workers in the value chain
Impacts, risks and opportunities    
Workers in the value chain
Sub-topic IRO type Time frame Value chain Description
Health and safety, working 
time, child labor, forced 
labor, social dialogue
  
 UCB not being compliant with upcoming regulations on human rights due diligence (cf. Corporate Sustainability 
Due Diligence Directive) impacting UCB.
  
 Risk of reputational damage and litigation due to human rights violations.
Health and safety  Potential
  
 The use of chemical substances by contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs) or other business partners 
located in geographies other than Europe, where such substances are strongly regulated, can potentially impact 
the health of workers in the long run by exposing them to toxic substances or unsafe working conditions.
Positive impact
 Negative impact
 Risk
 Opportunity
 Short term
 Medium term
 Long term
 Upstream
 Own operations
 Downstream
We define value chain workers as those working for our 
direct suppliers (Tier-1) i.e., our CMOs and other business 
partners, and value chain workers at direct business partners' 
sub-suppliers, both upstream and downstream. For non-UCB 
employees working on UCB sites, please see the Health, 
safety and wellbeing section for more information on related 
health and safety management topics. We have identified 
some value chain worker groups who are particularly 
vulnerable, such as children, women or migrant workers.
Assessing human rights risks in the value chain  
UCB has direct suppliers in countries with a systemic risk of 
child labor in general, including countries such as Brazil, India, 
Mexico and Türkiye, and with risk for potential forced labor in 
India. As such, an impact assessment was updated to identify 
human rights and environmental issues-related hot spots 
(i.e., commodities, countries and industry sectors) in our 
value chain.
The assessment was based on a number of data points, 
including UCB's value chain analysis, risk information on the 
EcoVadis platform, and available data from the 
Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative's (PSCI) Material 
Specific Human Rights & Environmental Impact Assessment 
(2020) report on high risk commodities used in the 
pharmaceutical industry, in combination with publicly 
available value chain risk information sources, such as MVO 
Risico Checker, Fairtrade, U.S. Department of Labor's List of 
Goods Produced by Child Labor or Forced Labor, and the 
UNICEF Database on Child Labor. The risk evaluation was 
carried out according to the UN Guiding Principles on 
Business and Human Rights, taking into account risk severity 
and probability. We identified areas systemically related to 
potential child labor, forced labor or human trafficking, and 
potentially affected vulnerable groups. We also identified 
which human rights are at risk per area, such as right to 
education and right to fair working conditions. 
Based on our assessment, we face the highest risk of 
contributing to or being linked to labor and human rights, 
including health and safety impacts when operating with 
CMOs or using specific high-risk commodities from countries 
with elevated systemic risks, even though our purchase 
volumes of such products are low. UCB's impact assessment, 
based on our value chain analysis for the PSCI-highlighted 
materials, found a moderate systemic risk of child labor, 
forced or compulsory labor related to some commodities 
with origin in agriculture or mining. These include 
commodities or products containing palm oil derivatives, 
sugar or aluminum. We recognize that there is a systemic risk 
of child labor or forced labor in some countries supplying 
these raw materials in general, such as Indonesia, Malaysia, 
Thailand and India. 
In the majority of cases, we do not purchase these raw 
materials directly and they originate beyond our first-tier 
suppliers. We currently have limited visibility on the origin 
countries for commodities in our value chain beyond direct 
Tier-1 suppliers. As we strive to improve the transparency of 
origin for such commodities, we introduced a risk raw 
material sustainability questionnaire to our suppliers in 2025 
and plan to implement technological solutions to enhance 
transparency in our value chain next year. For the 
commodities containing palm oil derivatives, we have visibility 
on UCB's suppliers that are Roundtable on Sustainable Palm 
Oil (RSPO)-certified. This certification includes criteria for 
working conditions and human rights. So far, we have no 
evidence of child labor, or of forced or compulsory labor 
among workers in our value chain. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 92
S2
S2 SBM-3
S2 IRO-1

[page 93]
Policies
Our expectations on high ethical working standards, respect 
for human rights and fair treatment in our business partners’ 
operations are outlined in our supplier contract templates, as 
well as in organization-wide UCB policies:
• Code of Conduct
• Human Rights Policy
• Responsible Sourcing Standards for Business Partners
• Health, Safety and Wellbeing Policy
• Third-Party Risk Management Policy
• Non-Retaliation Policy
In our Human Rights Policy, we commit to engaging with 
rights holders, including workers in our value chain, and 
individuals in the communities where we operate. We expect 
our business partners to strive to prevent adverse human 
rights impacts in all parts of their business, and explicitly to 
secure the safety and health of their workers, execute fair and 
timely remuneration of their workforce, and reject 
harassment or discrimination of any kind, and more broadly 
to act with integrity while doing business. Additionally, we 
outline our expectations that business partners minimize the 
environmental impact of their operations to avoid harming 
any rights holders. 
UCB's Responsible Sourcing Standards for Business Partners 
set expectations that business partners follow the UN Guiding 
Principles (UNGP) on Business and Human Rights and the 
OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises on 
Responsible Business Conduct. Business partners shall 
support and respect internationally proclaimed human rights, 
and make sure that they are not complicit in any human 
rights violations.  The Responsible Sourcing Standards for 
Business Partners are overseen by the Chief Procurement 
Officer.
Both the Human Rights Policy and Responsible Sourcing 
Standards for Business Partners explicitly prohibit child labor 
and any form of modern slavery, including forced labor or 
human trafficking, by our business partners. UCB also expects 
business partners to apply these, or equivalent standards, in 
their own upstream value chain.
Our Health, Safety and Wellbeing Policy (refer to the Health, 
safety and wellbeing section) covers non-UCB employees 
working on UCB sites located anywhere in the world, in 
addition to UCB staff, employees and visitors. 
In 2025, we introduced the internal Third-Party Risk 
Management Policy, which also covers environmental, social 
and governance risks, and outlines our commitment to carry 
out due diligence in our value chains to manage material 
risks, and potential and actual negative impacts. Furthermore, 
we issued a Non-Retaliation Policy (more information in the 
Ethical business practices section).
Our Modern Slavery Act Statement (U.K.), Transparency Act 
(Norway), and Fighting Against Forced Labour and Child Labour 
in Supply Chains Statement (Canada) are publicly available.
Engaging with workers in the value chain
We continually engage with rights holders, including 
suppliers, workers in our value chain and people living in the 
communities where we operate. We do this through supplier 
on-site audits, EcoVadis engagement, and ongoing contact 
with business partners.
On-site audits of suppliers are aligned with the 
Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative (PSCI) protocols. Part 
of the audit protocol is to interview employees, including 
supervisors and shop floor workers. Engagement frequency 
depends on supplier audit intervals, criticality of the business 
partner and previous audit findings, as well as other criteria 
(e.g., if previous audits on the supplier carried out by industry 
peers are available in the shared PSCI member database). We 
assess the effectiveness of engagement by monitoring 
closure of corrective action plans (CAPs) related to the audit 
findings. Managing CMOs’ engagement is the responsibility of 
the Head of External Manufacturing.
We also engage with suppliers through the EcoVadis platform. 
We invite our critical, strategic and high-volume suppliers to 
be evaluated by EcoVadis on their sustainability topics and, 
where needed, request CAPs to improve their sustainability 
level. Engagement occurs via designated supplier 
representatives who conduct the EcoVadis assessment and 
are accountable for the identified improvement areas, 
including those related to labor and human rights.
UCB's representatives are in regular contact with our key 
business partners to discuss sustainability topics, in addition to 
commercial and quality-related matters. Through such 
interactions we encourage our partners to pursue sustainable 
practices related to their own workers and value chain 
workers.
Remediation channels for workers in the value 
chain 
In the event that UCB causes an adverse human rights 
impact, we would endeavor to provide a remedy. All workers 
in our value chain can report potential human rights 
complaints through the UCB Integrity Line. 
As part of our Human Rights Policy, we commit to providing 
a channel for reporting complaints and a grievance 
mechanism aligned with the UNGP, allowing rights holders 
who are negatively impacted to raise concerns. Any 
substantiated cases of misconduct are escalated to 
management for appropriate action and for providing access 
to remedy. The process to investigate and remediate follows 
the principles laid down in our Non-Retaliation Policy and 
Global Investigations standard operating procedures. The 
fundamental safeguards regarding "no retaliation" and 
confidentiality apply to all concerns raised to us. For more 
information see Ethical Business Practices section. 
In our Responsible Sourcing Standards for Business Partners, 
we require business partners to establish grievance 
mechanisms accessible to internal and external stakeholders 
to report concerns, without retaliation or threat of retaliation. 
Business partners shall also inform their workers that they can 
use the UCB Integrity Line to report complaints about non-
compliance with UCB’s standards.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 93
Workers in the value chain continued
S2-1
S2-2
S2-3

[page 94]
Actions
A key initiative in 2025 was a targeted sustainability campaign 
to engage selected suppliers that had not yet met certain 
sustainability standards in the EcoVadis assessment or 
committed to the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). 
Senior management presented UCB’s strategy and 
sustainability objectives during campaign webinars, while the 
Procurement team worked closely with suppliers to support 
their progress. To further assist improvement efforts, we 
published a comprehensive Sustainability Guide. As a result of 
this ongoing campaign, we have seen increased supplier 
commitment to the SBTi and expanded EcoVadis coverage 
across our supply base. The improved coverage helps to 
better monitor and identify actual and potential adverse issues 
related to workers in the value chain, and to ask for corrective 
actions from our supplier network. Our suppliers’ average 
EcoVadis labor & human rights score increased to 65.4 (2024: 
64), remaining above the EcoVadis network’s average labor & 
human rights score of 52 (2024: 50). 
We strengthened our due diligence actions by updating our 
impact assessment of labor and human right risks, and 
launching new digital tools and questionnaires to evaluate 
our suppliers' sustainability performance, including the 
introduction of a new tool for monitoring controversies 
related to our business partners, with wider topics covered 
than previously. We revised our internal guidelines and 
provided training on how sustainability criteria are evaluated 
during supplier selection process and periodic risk 
assessments, and updated sustainability-related contract 
clauses in UCB's Master Service Agreement template, to drive 
our suppliers' sustainability performance.
We prepared, together with suppliers, to ensure compliance 
with the European Union Regulation on Deforestation-free 
Products (EU) 2023/1115, which also covers human rights 
requirements. The regulation application has been postponed 
to 2026. 
We supported suppliers in building a stronger awareness of 
human rights through access to training programs such as 
the EcoVadis Academy, Responsible Health Initiative’s 
capacity-building webinar series on human rights, and 
Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative's supplier-aimed on-
demand Learnster courses.
In 2025, UCB expanded on-site audits to cover labor, human 
rights and ethics topics, in addition to health and safety, 
environmental, and governance and management systems, 
where relevant to the audited supplier. We also expanded our 
audit program to include, in addition to CMOs, other business 
partners. We conducted altogether six audits in 2025 (2024: 
six), of which five were full-scope audits. One critical finding 
related to disciplinary measures was identified during an 
onsite audit at a CMO. Corrective actions have been initiated 
and are under active follow-up. If a critical finding is raised 
during an onsite audit, internal UCB experts will assess the 
situation and escalate it for follow-up action in UCB’s risk 
management tools for mitigation actions. As a member of the 
Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative (PSCI), we have access 
to audit reports regarding some of our business partners 
performed by other PSCI members, allowing us to assess 
their performance indirectly.
Internally, we reinforced human rights capacity in our 
procurement teams and provided a “Human Rights Due 
Diligence and Procurement” online course to newcomer 
procurement colleagues and the External Manufacturing 
team involved in procurement activities, to increase their 
capabilities on managing human rights in the value chain.
Targets
We strive to engage our critical, strategic, high-volume 
suppliers across our global supplier network through the 
EcoVadis platform. 
External spending for suppliers with 
a valid EcoVadis score  70 %  75 %
Re-assessed suppliers improving 
their EcoVadis score on labor and 
human rights  50 %  50 %
Indicator 2025 target 2026 target
In 2026, we aim to increase the coverage of external 
spending for suppliers with a valid EcoVadis score to 75% and 
aim that re-assessed suppliers improving their EcoVadis score 
on labor and human rights are at least 50%. These targets 
were defined in collaboration with key internal stakeholders 
involved in supplier relationship management, including our 
External Manufacturing team managing CMOs. Improvement 
in these scores is estimated to correlate with our suppliers 
reducing their negative impacts on value chain workers and 
potentially advancing positive impact on value chain workers. 
Value chain workers, their legitimate representatives or 
credible proxies have not been engaged directly in setting 
targets. UCB will investigate methods to engage them in 
target setting in the future.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 94
Workers in the value chain continued
S2-4 S2-5

[page 95]
Metrics 
% of spend coverage with EcoVadis 
rated suppliers  69 %  73 %
% of suppliers improving their labor 
& human rights EcoVadis score  45 %  63 %
2024 2025
In 2025, 73% of UCB's procurement spend was covered by a 
valid EcoVadis score. The target of 70% was exceeded, and 
there was improvement compared to our 2024 level (69%). 
We will continue our efforts to actively encourage our 
suppliers in scope to carry out the EcoVadis assessment and 
achieve a minimum score of at least 45. 
In 2025, 63% of UCB suppliers improved their labor & human 
rights score (2024: 45%), compared with the previous 
assessment, which was above the target of 50%. We aim to 
maintain this result in 2026 through encouraging suppliers to 
carry out proposed labor and human rights-related corrective 
action plans (CAPs), and by providing capacity building 
resources to them via PSCI, EcoVadis and the Responsible 
Health Initiative. The improvement of EcoVadis scores and 
progress in closing CAPs is how performance is tracked 
against targets. 
In 2025, there were no reports submitted via UCB's Integrity 
Line related to value chain workers and reported by a non-
employee (in 2024, one case was reported, which was found 
to be unsubstantiated). 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 95
Workers in the value chain continued
Accounting policy
• The scope of the targets and metrics covers the 
global supplier network, and the baseline year is the 
year of the previous EcoVadis assessment. Reporting 
period is the 2025 calendar year.
• Spend from suppliers who have a valid score in 
EcoVadis is divided by UCB's supplier-related 
spending in order to calculate the spend coverage.
• The EcoVadis labor & human rights score assesses 
suppliers' performance on material topics including 
working conditions (e.g., health and safety, working 
time, social dialogue) and other work-related topics 
(i.e. child and forced labor).
• Percentage of suppliers who improved their EcoVadis 
labor & human rights score in the reporting period 
compared to their previous assessment is directly 
available in the EcoVadis platform. Effectiveness is 
evaluated by comparing the UCB supplier network 
score in labor & human rights to general EcoVadis 
network labor & human rights score.
MDR-M

[page 96]
Patients
Impacts, risks and opportunities
Scientific innovation
Sub-topic IRO type Time frame Value chain Description
Scientific innovation  Actual
 Established expertise and ground-breaking research and innovation that continues to deliver improvements to the 
quality of life of patients.
 Potential
 Use of technology solutions, such as AI, accelerating drug discovery and development.
Risk of R&D attrition related to innovation.
Reaching the patients through solutions that meet their unmet needs.
Equitable access to medicines
Sub-topic IRO type Time frame Value chain Description
Equitable access to 
medicines
 Actual
 Scaling up health equity models in India  and Rwanda.
 Potential
 Increase access to UCB's solutions through local health equity partnerships with public, private and non-state actors in 
selected geographies. 
 Potential
 Expanding access through evolving the different business models across geographies. 
 Actual
 Launch sequence strategies (also known as "international reference pricing strategies") delaying the launch of new 
solutions in countries that may trigger potential lower prices.
 
 Lack of common definition on the value of pharmaceutical solutions for society (often different assumptions and 
inputs are used), leading to disparities in coverage and pressure (incl. regulations) to lower the target prices.
External forces (e.g., market authorization, negative Health Technology Assessments (HTA), payer coverage) and 
internal forces (e.g., lack of focus/lack of internal alignment) delaying the launch and in some cases the 
commercialization of UCB solutions.
The global pricing and market access environment is highly complex and subject to continuous economic, political 
and social pressures, creating significant uncertainty for our global pricing strategy. 
Evolving the different business models across all UCB's geographies and operations (including providing voluntary 
licensing for low- and middle-income (LMIC) settings and partners). 
Diversity in clinical trials  Potential
 Lack of implementation of diversity in clinical trials due to an inadequate representation of relevant patient groups 
to advance clinical knowledge, leading to drugs that are unfit for the needs of different patient populations.
Lack of focus on diversity in clinical trials can lead to reputational damage and risk of regulatory non-compliance.
Positive impact
 Negative impact
 Risk
 Opportunity
 Short term
 Medium term
 Long term
 Upstream
 Own operations
 Downstream
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 96
S4
S4 SBM-3

[page 97]
Patient safety 
Sub-topic IRO type Time frame Value chain Description
Health and safety  Actual
  
 Unexpected events that affect the benefit-risk balance of clinical trials.
Failure to maintain patient safety, including compliance with safety reporting training requirements, can result in 
reputational damage, regulatory fines, loss of market share affecting the company's profitability, shareholder value 
and patients' health.
Product quality
Sub-topic IRO type Time frame Value chain Description
Health and safety  Actual
 Protecting patients by going beyond compliance to deliver consistent, high-standard outcomes. This includes 
proactively exceeding quality standards, preventing counterfeiting, and maintaining reliable product supply to meet 
patient needs with confidence and integrity.
Failure to maintain high product quality can result in reputational damage, regulatory fines, loss of market share 
affecting the company's profitability, shareholder value and patient health.
Health systems resilience
Health systems resilience  Actual
 Increased medical and scientific knowledge of health professionals in low- and middle-income (LMI) geographies.
 Potential
 UCB could directly strengthen healthcare systems (e.g., by providing information, contributing to a faster diagnosis 
rate, ensuring the long-term sustainability of the distribution channels).
 Potential
 Greater collaboration with third parties, such as local government bodies, payers and peers, to strengthen 
healthcare systems across geographies.
Fragmentation of the healthcare system at large (i.e., lack of holistic approach across and within countries, lack 
of clear definitions and guidelines, fragmented patient populations).
Healthcare delivery system inefficiencies impacting UCB's financial performance.
Lack of healthcare practitioners impacting patients' access to UCB solutions and exacerbating inequities.
External pressures, such as inflation and economic challenges, impacting investment decisions, choice of 
business model and long-term performance regarding health system resilience.
Sub-topic IRO type Time frame Value chain Description
Positive impact
 Negative impact
 Risk
 Opportunity
 Short term
 Medium term
 Long term
 Upstream
 Own operations
 Downstream
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 97
Patients continued

[page 98]
Data privacy and security
Sub-topic IRO type Time frame Value chain Description
Privacy  Potential
 Potential release of sensitive health data from patients due to data breaches or cybersecurity attacks, resulting in 
serious consequences for patients if the data falls into the hands of unauthorized individuals.
Risk of data breaches or cyber attacks at the level of UCB, leading to reputational damage, operational disruption 
and legal and regulatory consequences.
Evolving new regulations related to data, privacy, digital, AI and cybersecurity that could affect UCB's operations 
and increase compliance costs.
Responsible sales and marketing
Sub-topic IRO type Time frame Value chain Description
Access to (quality) 
information, responsible 
marketing practices 
 Potential
  
 Integrating sustainable impact KPIs in the sales and marketing teams across UCB's operations can promote 
alignment in the strategic direction of UCB as a company fostering positive impact.
Reputational and financial (litigation) risks from unethical sales and marketing practices.
Patient engagement
Sub-topic IRO type Time frame Value chain Description
Freedom of expression, 
non-discrimination
 Actual
 Delivering solutions addressing patients’ needs, priorities and preferences by “co-creating” with them from 
research to market, leading to better patient outcomes, access and experience.
Not engaging patients can cause significant financial damage to UCB due to the misalignment between the 
outcomes delivered by the solution and patients’ needs, priorities and preferences.
  
 Consistently and systematically embedding partnerships with patient communities end to end throughout the 
value chain.
Non-discrimination
   
 Further increase consistent and systematic partnerships with  patient communities all along the value chain, 
leading to patient informed decision-making and co-creation as we  aspire to the common goal of improving 
patient outcomes.
Positive impact
 Negative impact
 Risk
 Opportunity
 Short term
 Medium term
 Long term
 Upstream
 Own operations
 Downstream
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 98
Patients continued

[page 99]
Scientific innovation
Policies
Scientific innovation at UCB is guided by a range of 
frameworks, decision-making bodies, committees and 
strategies. Each of these components has specific objectives 
and scopes covering the entire R&D value chain, under the 
supervision of our Chief Medical Officer and the Chief 
Scientific Officer (part of our Executive Committee), and 
portfolio governance bodies. 
Scientific innovation in our pipeline is channeled by key 
decision criteria applied at each research decision point and 
stage, such as strategic fit and innovation potential, scientific 
rationale, risk and feasibility (involving a comprehensive 
assessment of biological, technical and value-creation risks). A 
structured framework allocates resources purposefully and 
balances our portfolio across several dimensions, ranging 
from pre-pipeline and research projects to technology 
platforms, development pre- and post-proof of concept 
stages, modalities and patient populations. 
R&D decision-making bodies provide comprehensive 
oversight across the entire value chain, ensuring value-driven, 
consistent and evidence-based governance. These bodies 
facilitate the adoption of new research targets, guide 
candidate selection and advance projects toward de-risked 
medicines. They also oversee the review and endorse proof-
of-concept criteria, enabling a seamless transition from 
candidate to asset. This structured governance process helps 
manage impacts, risks and opportunities related to scientific 
innovation. 
UCB follows an external engagement approach that outlines 
approaches and processes to engage with the wider scientific 
community, including scientific partnerships and 
sponsorships. This approach enables granular tracking of 
partnerships, ensures strategic alignment at the portfolio level, 
and promotes consistency, compliance and transparency.
Our Human Rights Policy commitment on the right to health 
and scientific innovation is closely aligned with our ambition 
to address unmet medical needs through differentiated 
solutions. We take a patient-centered approach that 
prioritizes the rights and needs of people living with severe 
diseases in our scientific innovation strategy. In research, this 
is demonstrated by our human pathobiology approach, 
which seeks to deeply understand biological alterations in 
human disease through identifying the etiologic mechanisms 
of disease, designing human functional models to test 
hypotheses and increasing our understanding of patient 
heterogeneity. 
Actions
UCB actively engages with patients, healthcare professionals 
and other stakeholders to understand their concerns and 
incorporate their feedback into our innovation processes 
from the earliest stages. Our integrated research approach 
ensures a balanced focus on uncovering disease pathways, 
understanding patient needs and leveraging advanced 
technologies to develop innovative treatments. 
The "societal needs" dimension in our Unmet Medical Need 
(UMN) assessment, which identifies current and future impact 
of disease to patients and society, ensures that our scientific 
innovation efforts are recognized to address essential needs 
aligned with health priorities and disease burdens. This guides 
our efforts to not only be scientifically robust, but also socially 
relevant in contributing to reducing the global disease 
burden. 
Our strategic partnerships complement, strengthen and 
maximize the impact of our R&D efforts on patients by 
fostering collaboration and innovation. These include bilateral 
research collaborations, shared PhD studentships, asset in- 
and out-licensing deals, and participation in public-private 
consortia. UCB plays a leading role in public-private 
partnerships at multiple levels – from local engagement, such 
as the Walloon Region’s S3 strategy gene therapy pillar, to 
European leadership in the PFAS Innovative Health Initiative. 
Environmental sustainability is embedded in our research 
ambitions from the outset, with initiatives aimed at reducing 
restricted substances, including minimizing the use of organic 
solvents. 
In addition, UCB Ventures invests in life science and 
technology start-ups, providing long-term funding to enable 
breakthrough innovations in areas adjacent to or beyond 
UCB’s core focus. 
Finally, we engage early with regulators and policymakers 
throughout the development process, through direct, topic-
specific interactions and representation in industry-wide 
consortia, to ensure our scientific innovations meet all 
necessary standards and support long-term sustainability. 
Equitable access to medicines
Policies
We strive to make our medicines available to as many 
patients as possible, and work closely with local healthcare 
systems, payers and partners to improve access through 
customized approaches that reflect the value of our 
medicines, the needs of people living with severe diseases 
and the specificities of individual health systems.
Through our Health Equity Framework, we integrate equitable 
access strategies from innovation to patient reach, coupled 
with our value-based pricing framework and early payer 
engagement. It aims to better understand barriers to 
equitable access for patients to the medicines they need, and 
guide UCB to shape the right approach to deliver on our 
access ambitions.
We design and build our pricing strategies as outlined in our 
Global Pricing Governance Policy, which describes the 
decision-making process of launch price setting and re-
pricing of UCB products. Our value-based pricing framework 
is anchored in patient value creation in the context of 
individual healthcare systems which patients use to access 
care. This structured approach combines insights from 
patients about their ability to pay and access medicines (e.g., 
affordability criteria, treatment waiting times, interactions with 
healthcare providers) with additional context on local health 
systems' ability to reward innovation, to analyze the value that 
each UCB treatment can bring, measuring improvements in 
indicators such as patients’ quality of life and treatment 
efficacy. The resulting pricing model recognizes differences 
in health ecosystems and patient needs, and mutually defined 
priorities in achieving health outcomes. The Executive 
Committee regularly reviews our approach to pricing, access 
and affordability of our medicines. It is important to note that 
our access performance also depends on payers' priorities, 
the length of negotiations and the value perceived for our 
solutions.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 99
Patients continued
S4-1
S4-4 S4-1

[page 100]
UCB is committed to complying with industry self-regulated 
codes, including the EFPIA Code of Practice on Relationships 
Between the Pharmaceutical Industry and Patient 
Organizations. Our pricing and reimbursement approaches 
also adhere to local laws and regulations.
Actions
UCB teams are responsible for translating scientific 
information into messages that explain the value of our 
medicines. They help accelerate our access to the markets 
and support the development of negotiation approaches. A 
pricing strategy is set up prior to the launch of any new 
medicine, ensuring alignment with our foundational 
principles: increasing health and value for patients, sustaining 
innovation and doing the right thing for the right patient, with 
specific consideration for product and healthcare systems. 
At UCB, respecting the right to health means that we make 
our medicines as widely available as possible to people with 
unmet needs. We have introduced a number of Early Access 
Programs for UCB medicines and we facilitate Named Patient 
Supply (NPS) Programs, where feasible. Emerging alternative 
business models, including health equity models and patient 
support programs in the U.S., are part of our efforts to make it 
easier for people to access our medicines. More details on 
how UCB aims to foster an innovative, competitive and value-
based system in the U.S. which keeps patients at the center 
can be found in our U.S. Sustainable Access and Pricing 
Transparency Report. 
Regarding our health equity approach, key initiatives to deliver 
equitable access and address treatment gaps in specific 
situations are ongoing: 
• We are expanding our health equity model in India to 
improve treatment for people with epilepsy.
• After levetiracetam was approved and included in Rwanda’s 
public insurance coverage in 2024, the oral solution was 
introduced in 2025 to ensure treatment options for 
pediatric patients.
• We have developed an end-to end approach to health 
equity that starts in early clinical development, when we 
evaluate each candidate’s potential to mitigate or 
inadvertently exacerbate equity barriers for underserved 
populations. We then integrate health equity barrier 
considerations in evidence generation plans. For our 
current commercial portfolio, we are exploring care 
optimization partnerships in the U.S. for patients with 
hidradenitis suppurativa, myasthenia gravis, systemic lupus 
erythematosus and Dravet Syndrome in city-based proof-
of- concept projects, and for patients with Dravet 
Syndrome in selected European countries.
We have also established a wide network of distributors and 
partners to ensure we secure presence of our products in 
markets where we do not have UCB operations, including in 
low- and middle-income countries.
Patient safety
Policies 
Our Global Pharmacovigilance System ensures that we 
oversee, assess and report safety information to regulatory 
authorities, and it is regularly updated in line with all 
pharmacovigilance requirements. The Global 
Pharmacovigilance (GPV) team is responsible for monitoring, 
tracking and auditing metrics to assess compliance with 
internal Standard Operating Procedures and external 
regulations, through regular reviews, audits and inspections. 
The Pharmacovigilance System is underpinned by other 
foundational organization-wide policies designed to protect 
the health and safety of patients, including the Human Rights 
Policy where we commit to deliver medicines in line with the 
highest quality standards and to protect patients from harm. 
We respect the privacy rights of patients, healthcare 
professionals and other stakeholders that entrust us to 
carefully manage and protect personal data, and hold service 
providers to similar high privacy standards. We inform 
individuals regarding the collection and processing of their 
personal data through our Pharmacovigilance Privacy Policy. 
We collect and process personal data for specific and 
legitimate business purposes only and secure such data 
against unauthorized access and misuse, as further described 
in the Data privacy and security section.
Actions
To ensure safety of UCB products and identify potential safety 
concerns, we continually collect information on adverse 
reactions to our products (including unexpected reactions) 
through ongoing system reviews, audits/inspections and 
compliance monitoring. UCB also facilitates communication 
and information exchange about patient or product safety 
among healthcare professionals, regulatory agencies and the 
pharmaceutical industry. 
All patient safety-related actions are taken in agreement with 
regulatory authorities and endorsed by the UCB Benefit Risk 
Board (BRB), chaired by our deputy Chief Medical Officer and 
which includes patient representative input, in case of a 
significant impact on benefit-risk. The BRB regularly reviews 
all products and newly emerging data to ensure that all 
potential changes to a product’s benefit-risk are assessed and 
appropriately communicated to health authorities. 
If concerns are raised about the safety of one of our 
medicines, we take immediate actions in line with regulatory 
frameworks. Designated roles within Global 
Pharmacovigilance (GPV) will initiate a medical assessment, 
guided by the GPV Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) 
covering authorized products and guided by Benefit/Risk and 
Medical Safety SOPs for authorized and under-investigation 
products. Additionally, the Global Pharmacovigilance Quality 
Council oversees system performance, audits and 
inspections, and advises on non-compliance or risk of failures 
in the conduct of pharmacovigilance activities or audits and 
inspections. A monthly report is also communicated with 
pharmacovigilance teams and senior GPV leadership to 
provide an up-to-date overview on compliance and 
performance of critical processes.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 100
Patients continued
S4-4
S4-1
S4-4

[page 101]
Product quality
Policies
UCB operates under clearly defined policies and robust 
procedures designed to maintain excellence in every 
pharmaceutical product we provide. At the core of this 
framework is the UCB Quality Policy, the highest-level 
document within our Quality Management System. It sets the 
standards applied throughout the entire product lifecycle and 
reaffirms our commitment to delivering medicines of 
exceptional quality, strengthening patient confidence and 
protecting UCB’s reputation. 
Patient safety and wellbeing are fundamental ethical 
principles at UCB. Our Human Rights Policy includes a firm 
commitment to uphold the right to health and to 
manufacture medicines in line with the most rigorous quality 
standards. The UCB Quality Management System spans all 
stages of the product lifecycle and incorporates dedicated 
policies and corporate procedures for managing product 
quality complaints and recall processes. These outline how 
we identify, assess and address quality-related risks or issues 
that may affect end-users. Fully aligned with the Code of 
Conduct, these requirements apply across all UCB business 
functions, sites and affiliates, ensuring compliance with the 
relevant Good Practices governing the development and 
manufacture of medicines. 
Our Complaint Policy ensures that comprehensive local and 
global mechanisms are in place for receiving and handling 
product quality complaints. These include: 
• UCBCares® for all commercialized products; 
• Specific local reporting channels, as required by applicable 
national regulations; and
• UCB’s clinical team for any product quality complaints 
related to investigational medicinal products.
Actions
UCB maintains a comprehensive quality audit program that 
periodically evaluates all processes, facilities and external 
partners to ensure compliance with regulatory standards and 
the requirements of our Quality Management System. 
Performance metrics are continuously monitored to support 
Quality Risk Management and foster ongoing improvements. 
Any product quality complaint identified as posing a risk to 
public health or to participants in a clinical study is assessed 
through the quality issue escalation process. This evaluation 
determines the necessary actions, which may include 
notifying the relevant health authority and initiating a product 
recall. Furthermore, every UCB employee is accountable for 
promptly reporting and escalating, via the Recall Escalation 
Process, any information that could potentially trigger a UCB 
product recall.
Health systems resilience
Policies
We define Health Systems Resilience (HSR) as the process of 
supporting, building, and strengthening sustainable 
healthcare infrastructure and services, as well as promoting 
evidence-based policies to ensure the continuous delivery of 
care across diverse healthcare contexts.
Given UCB’s role in the healthcare ecosystem, we recognize 
that strengthening health systems occurs across different 
stages of the value chain. While our work begins with 
scientific innovation, our efforts to reinforce healthcare 
systems come into focus at later stages, ensuring access, 
capacity building, and long-term resilience.
Key areas where UCB can make the most impact for health 
systems resilience include:
• Patient Access Programs, enhancing affordability and 
assistance initiatives;
• Public-Private Partnerships, collaborating with governments 
and NGOs to strengthen health systems; and
• Capacity Building and Community Engagement, 
supporting healthcare workforce training, and providing 
scholarships, fellowships, and educational programs.
By working on these areas, UCB aims to contribute 
meaningfully to resilient healthcare systems.
Patient access programs
While we believe swift and safe regulatory approval is the 
most effective and sustainable path to broad patient access, 
we also understand that patients with severe, life-threatening, 
or life-altering diseases may have limited treatment options. In 
these circumstances, UCB’s Early Access programs, also 
known as Expanded Access, Compassionate Use, or 
Managed Access Programs, may provide a pathway to 
investigational treatments before they are commercially 
available. UCB's policy on Early Access to Medicines, which 
governs these programs, is publicly available. 
We are guided by considerations of how to secure ongoing 
access for patients after the program, how to integrate with 
existing healthcare systems, and how to ensure continued 
access for patients who need our treatments. UCB is 
committed to working with governments and healthcare 
systems to bring our innovative treatments to patients as 
quickly and safely as possible. Furthermore, UCB endeavors 
to provide continued treatment for patients who have 
participated in our clinical studies and who, in their physician's 
judgment, are deriving benefit from the treatment through 
Post-Trial Access programs.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 101
Patients continued
S4-4
S4-1
S4-1

[page 102]
Public-private partnerships
Our efforts in this area focus on targeted initiatives that aim to 
increase the capabilities of health systems around the world. 
While we understand that UCB cannot single-handedly 
improve health system resilience, we are committed to 
strategic partnerships where our expertise and resources can 
be effectively utilized and amplified. 
UCB actively engages in global healthcare policy and public 
affairs to support patients and healthcare systems. Through 
strategic global engagement, UCB ensures alignment in 
policy positioning and advocacy to advance solutions in key 
disease areas. The company fosters collaboration among 
regional policy experts and stakeholders to drive disease area 
policy, and broader healthcare initiatives.
External funding and medical grants
In support of our commitment to patients and caregivers, 
strengthening healthcare systems and enhancing scientific 
and medical knowledge, UCB supports a variety of 
organizations through funding initiatives including 
sponsorships, memberships, medical grants and donations, 
collectively called ‘External funding’.
• Sponsorships are financial support provided to a healthcare 
stakeholder, such as organization, institution or patient 
organization, for support to an event or program such as 
bona fide scientific, medical or health care-related activities 
or other initiatives aimed at enhancing education, 
advancing medical knowledge, supporting research or 
serving related purposes relevant to UCB’s therapeutic 
areas of interest.
• Through memberships, UCB provides funding for 
corporate membership, participation and engagement with 
industry organizations, groups and associations focused on 
UCB’s areas of interest.
• Medical grants are financial support from UCB for 
unsolicited and independently developed projects or 
programs, provided to a public or other non-profit 
organization or patient organization, for the purpose of 
enhancing healthcare, research or furthering medical or 
scientific knowledge. 
• Donations and philanthropic contributions are in kind 
financial support freely given by UCB to a public or other 
non-profit organization for the purpose of benefit to 
society, provided with no expectation of receiving a 
tangible benefit in return.
All External Funding support is provided following a strict 
ethical and compliant procedure, according to a defined 
global framework and through the management of requests 
using UCB’s Global Funding System. Each funding request is 
subject to a specific submission process, specific supporting 
documentation, dedicated reviewers and review criteria. 
Every funding request is assessed on the basis of merit, 
unmet needs, company areas of interest, compliance with 
legal, ethical and professional obligations and fiscal 
responsibility. By maintaining a well-defined framework UCB 
mitigates risks, safeguards its reputation, and fosters trust 
within the healthcare community. 
Actions
To address delays in diagnosis in chronic inflammatory 
diseases, UCB supports initiatives that embed scalable 
solutions into healthcare systems. UCB’s FASTRAX program 
focuses on reducing time to diagnosis in axial 
s p o n d y l o a r t h r i t i s  ( a x S p A )  t h r o u g h  c o u n t r y - s p e c i f i c  
collaborations in Europe and North America. In the United 
States, FASTRAX includes a partnership with University 
Hospitals Cleveland Medical Center, where a digital solution 
integrated into electronic health records supports the 
identification of patients with potential undiagnosed axSpA, 
helping accelerate referral and access to specialist care.
U C B  i s  a n  a c t i v e  p a r t n e r  i n  l a r g e ,  m u l t i - s t a k e h o l d e r  p u b l i c –
private research consortia that aim to establish shared 
scientific foundations for future innovation. Through the 
Innovative Health Initiative (IHI) AutoPiX consortium, UCB 
collaborates with academic institutions, clinicians, patient 
representatives and industry partners to develop clinically 
v a l i d a t e d ,  A I - d r i v e n  i m a g i n g  t o o l s  f o r  r h e u m a t o i d  a r t h r i t i s ,  
psoriatic arthritis and axSpA, with the goal of enabling more 
p r e c i s e  d i a g n o s i s  a n d  b e t t e r - t a i l o r e d  t r e a t m e n t  p a t h w a y s .
I n  r h e u m a t o l o g y ,  U C B  i s  a  l o n g - s t a n d i n g  p a r t n e r  o f  t h e  
Foundation for Research in Rheumatology (FOREUM), 
supported by EULAR, the European Alliance of Associations 
for Rheumatology, and dedicated to advancing independent, 
e x c e l l e n c e - d r i v e n  r e s e a r c h .  T h i s  c o l l a b o r a t i o n  i n c l u d e s  
FOREUM Academy Bootcamp initiatives and research calls 
focused on areas of importance to UCB.
UCB also contributes to international consortia that advance 
scientific standards and outcome measures in complex 
i m m u n e - m e d i a t e d  d i s e a s e s .  T h e  Treatment Response 
M e a s u r e  f o r  S y s t e m i c  L u p u s  E r y t h e m a t o s u s  ( T R M - S L E ) project 
brings together academia, regulators, patient advocates and 
industry to develop and validate a novel clinical trial outcome 
m e a s u r e  t h a t  i n t e g r a t e s  p a t i e n t - r e l e v a n t  d o m a i n s .  I n  p a r a l l e l ,  
UCB participates in the Accelerating Medicines Partnership® 
f o r  A u t o i m m u n e  a n d  I m m u n e - M e d i a t e d  D i s e a s e s  ( A M P  A I M ), 
a  m u l t i - s t a k e h o l d e r  i n i t i a t i v e  g e n e r a t i n g  h i g h - q u a l i t y  d a t a s e t s  
to deepen understanding of diseases such as systemic lupus 
erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis and psoriatic disease 
spectrum.
In rare diseases, UCB collaborates with global and regional 
initiatives to strengthen health system readiness and 
accelerate access to innovation. UCB also supports the 
mission of the Global Alliance for Rare Diseases (GARD) to 
i m p r o v e  a c c e s s  t o  r a r e  d i s e a s e  t h e r a p i e s  i n  l o w -  a n d  
m i d d l e - i n c o m e  c o u n t r i e s ,  w h e r e  p a t i e n t s  o f t e n  f a c e  
significant barriers to diagnosis and treatment. 
Through these partnerships, UCB supports shared scientific 
infrastructure, data generation and validation of new tools 
that benefit the broader medical community. This sustained 
e n g a g e m e n t  r e f l e c t s  U C B ’ s  c o m m i t m e n t  t o  p a t i e n t - c e n t r e d  
i n n o v a t i o n ,  r o b u s t  s c i e n c e  a n d  l o n g - t e r m  c o l l a b o r a t i o n  t o  
strengthen healthcare systems and improve outcomes for 
people living with serious chronic and rare diseases worldwide.
Our commitment to equitable access to medicines is 
described in the Equitable access to medicines section, 
including our Access Coverage Performance Index covering 
also Managed Access Programs. Our engagement with 
patient organizations is further discussed in the Engaging with 
patients section, including the amount of funding provided to 
such groups.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 102
Patients continued
S4-4

[page 103]
Data privacy and security
Policies
UCB complies with privacy and data protection laws across 
all jurisdictions where we operate. Our Data Protection 
Program, built on global and local policies aligned with our 
Global Data Protection Policy, ensures consistent standards. 
Individuals can contact UCB directly or through UCBCares® 
for privacy-related requests. 
We maintain robust incident response protocols to address 
any data incidents promptly and communicate with affected 
individuals when necessary. As regulations evolve, UCB 
continues to strengthen its program to ensure continued 
compliance and instill trust.
All IT systems and applications comply with UCB's IT 
Governance process, which ensures adherence to security, 
privacy and data protection policies and standards, as well as 
applicable regulatory requirements including Network and 
Information Security Directive 2 (NIS2). UCB conducts regular 
internal and external audits to verify compliance and ensures 
an appropriate level of privacy and data protection.
Actions
Throughout the year, UCB continued to strengthen its Data 
Protection Program to meet growing business needs and 
adapt to evolving technologies and regulatory requirements. 
Key initiatives focused on enhancing our policy framework 
and redesigning processes with a strong emphasis on 
improving end-user experience. In 2025, we fully revised our 
website privacy notices to provide clear, transparent 
information on how we collect, use and protect personal 
data, and how individuals can exercise their rights. 
The global trend of increasing cybersecurity-related incidents 
was reflected across industries. At UCB, we recorded a few 
incidents and data breaches in 2025, including two that 
required notifications to the supervisory authorities. However, 
none of them presented any high risk for the rights and 
freedoms of the individuals concerned. 
UCB has a multifaceted cybersecurity and data management 
strategy, together with active prevention, detection and 
response control programs, and continuous improvements 
to protect critical information assets and systems. 
Additionally, UCB has cyber incident and crisis management 
processes in place to manage major security incidents (e.g., 
data breaches or malware). These include continuous 
monitoring and analysis, intrusion incident detection and 
response, security testing, and user awareness training and 
campaigns.
UCB regularly conducts incident and crisis exercises to test 
and improve our ability to respond to potential cyber 
incidents. We have opted for ISO 27001 certification to 
comply with the European NIS2 directive and its local 
implementation laws, including the NIS2 Belgian Law 
published in 2024. Other important components of this 
compliance program include cybersecurity awareness 
training, business continuity planning, vendor risk 
management and the reporting of major incidents to the 
relevant authorities.
In addition, UCB maintained its commitment to fostering a 
culture of privacy awareness by ensuring that essential privacy 
and data protection training is provided to all employees. 
These efforts reflect our proactive approach to safeguarding 
personal data and reinforcing trust with patients, partners and 
stakeholders.
Responsible sales and marketing
Policies
Our promotional strategies are grounded in truth and 
accuracy, and they must always serve a clear and legitimate 
intent, particularly when communicating complex medical 
and scientific information. We prioritize transparency in all our 
marketing efforts, whether directed at healthcare 
professionals, patients, the public, government agencies, or 
other stakeholders. We are committed to responsible and 
compliant promotion, and we only encourage the use of our 
products based on their approved uses, supported by 
appropriate scientific evidence and the benefits they offer to 
patients. We do not offer rewards for prescribing or 
purchasing our medications, and we strictly prohibit any off-
label promotion of our products. 
Our key relevant company-wide policies on responsible sales 
and marketing include:
• UCB Social Media Policy
• UCB Code of Conduct.
To ensure compliance with specific local laws, industry 
codes, and regulations related to pharmaceutical sales and 
marketing, our country affiliates develop local policies in 
alignment with UCB’s Code of Conduct. All employees are 
required to complete annual training on these key policies to 
reinforce awareness and compliance. We also adapt our 
marketing principles thoughtfully to suit each product and 
patient population, ensuring responsible practices and the 
utmost respect for patients. This approach is particularly 
salient in our work on treatments for rare and ultra-rare 
diseases, where sensitivity and responsibility are paramount. 
Social media
We also recognize the unique challenges posed by social 
media, and we are dedicated to making sure that all UCB 
employees engage responsibly with content related to UCB 
across all platforms. Content posted on UCB’s social media 
channels must follow our standards for truthful and non-
misleading communication. Only designated individuals are 
authorized to post on behalf of UCB.
UCB’s Social Media Policy permits employees to interact with 
UCB’s social media content if they follow the principles of the 
policy, including:
• Exercise good judgment as ambassadors of UCB, engaging 
respectfully on social media platforms, both during and 
outside of work hours;
• Clearly disclose their affiliation with UCB when engaging 
with approved posts; and
• Protect the trust that people living with severe diseases 
place in us. We will not offer medical advice or share 
proprietary or confidential information.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 103
Patients continued
S4-1
S4-4
S4-1

[page 104]
Regular training on the Social Media Policy is provided, and 
employees not following UCB’s policies on social media are 
subject to disciplinary actions. We monitor all social media 
assets to ensure that they are compliant with requirements. 
We also include training for people working or engaged on 
our behalf (e.g., spokespeople and influencers) to ensure that 
they follow our policies. UCB is adapting to emerging trends 
and business evolution in this space.
Beyond standard promotional activities, UCB maintains 
rigorous controls over interactions with healthcare 
professionals to ensure that engagements are conducted 
ethically and in compliance with applicable regulations.
Actions
All employees undergo training and receive regular 
communications to ensure they understand the prohibition 
on off-label promotion, with additional training for those 
involved in sales and marketing on responsible and ethical 
practices. Employees are also required to complete annual 
refresher training on UCB’s social media policy, which provides 
clear guidelines on permissible and prohibited engagement.
To ensure accuracy, objectivity and transparency, all 
promotional and scientific communications related to our 
products are reviewed by trained members of the Legal, 
Regulatory Affairs and Medical Affairs teams, who also regularly 
monitor changes in the law and other developments related to 
use of targeted marketing in the healthcare sector.
Interactions with healthcare professionals are regularly 
assessed through our Ethics and Compliance risk assessment 
process and monitored, as well as further reviewed, by the 
Global Internal Audit team. 
Activities of all UCB personnel, including sales representatives, 
are regularly monitored to ensure compliance with our 
standards. Any reports of misconduct are investigated, and 
inappropriate actions are addressed through corrective or 
disciplinary measures. Employees found violating our policies 
may face disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
Engaging with patients
We partner with patients and their representatives across all 
stages of the lifecycle of our solutions, from early research to 
post-launch. By implementing patient engagement 
meaningfully, systematically and consistently into our core 
operations, we ensure that the needs of people living with 
severe diseases are understood and included in our decision-
making, and that UCB can develop customized solutions and 
provide dedicated services that support people throughout 
their treatment journeys. 
The UCB Patient Engagement Framework has been 
established by a cross-functional Steering Committee 
(composed of senior leaders from Patient Evidence, Clinical 
Operations, Medical Affairs and Therapeutic Areas) and in 
consultation with patient representatives. The framework is 
our central guidance to embed engagement efforts along the 
medicine lifecycle, through ongoing identification and 
understanding of patient needs, as well as co-creation to 
achieve better patient outcomes, aiming to give patients and 
their representatives a voice across health systems. It was 
developed to design specific engagement strategies in a 
cross-functional way, in alignment with frameworks and tools 
developed by Patient-Focused Medicines Development 
(PFMD). 
Guided by standard operating procedures (SOPs), key 
activities can be combined in a tailored way to fit specific 
patient population characteristics and UCB’s strategic intent. 
UCB’s SOPs are designed in alignment with best practice 
recommendations from pharmaceutical bodies such as 
EFPIA, PhRMA and IFPMA. Our approach is driven by specific 
research questions to incorporate patient input alongside 
clinicians’ and other stakeholders’ input into decision-making 
(e.g., through patient councils and advisory board 
participation, patient interviews, focus groups and other 
patient experience research studies), starting with unmet 
needs and tailored to the specific phase of the drug 
development, such as early research or clinical development, 
and aligned with the objectives of patient communities. 
In our end-to-end approach, from early research to post-
launch phase, we take action to ensure that people who use 
our medications fully understand and use them properly. For 
patients who use our medicines, we have dedicated 
employees, from UCBCares®, to answer questions about our 
treatments in local languages, in addition to providing advice 
on what services exist and what we can offer. 
Patient organizations, individual patients, their caregivers and 
other patient experts have designated UCB points of contact 
to whom any feedback or questions about engagement 
activity can be raised, which differentiates it from 
pharmacovigilance. 
UCB has established a number of actions to drive patient 
engagement: 
• Internal capability-building on patient engagement and 
advocacy, positioning patient engagement as a critical 
enabler of strategic decision-making and organizational 
culture. Increased enterprise-wide awareness and patient-
centered culture through the company-wide behavioral 
change program “Let Us Leap” which included 
engagement sessions across numerous teams.
• Developed a unified outcomes and KPIs framework to 
measure the value and impact of patient engagement 
across UCB, providing leadership with clear visibility into 
contribution, progress and strategic return on investment. A 
related patient engagement measurement roadmap is 
developed and will be implemented in a phased way 
starting in 2026.
• Advanced the Health Equity R&D Community Leaders 
Board, with six impactful solutions developed for further 
evaluation by asset/candidate teams for potential integration.
• Continued to embed patients' and caregivers’ perspective 
in benefit risk decisions across different medicines.
Activities are assessed following guidelines from the Patient-
Focused Medicines Development’s (PFMD) Patient 
Engagement Quality Guidance in early engagement, and this 
approach will be expanded following the outcomes and KPIs 
framework developed. Internal stakeholders can access the 
Framework and other relevant guidelines, SOPs and 
additional resources through a dedicated portal. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 104
Patients continued
S4-2
S4-4

[page 105]
Remediation channels for patients
We commit to offering all external human rights holders, 
including patients, clear and accessible channels to report 
issues, including through the UCB Integrity Line and 
UCBCares®. Complaints are collected from various sources, 
including the market (e.g., patients, healthcare professionals, 
wholesalers), partners, and third-party logistics or parties 
involved in clinical studies (e.g., patients, investigators, clinical 
sites, clinical study supply). 
Specific questions on diseases or products are answered via 
UCBCares®, UCB's global support center that serves as a 
critical bridge between the company, healthcare providers 
and patients. It handles over 58 000 inquiries annually, 
offering real-time, localized assistance on UCB’s products. 
These inquiries span supply, medical, customer service, safety 
and product quality complaint inquiries. Through UCBCares®, 
we support patients and caregivers to enhance health 
literacy, empowering them to make informed decisions 
about their health and treatment options. Each request and 
response is tracked and monitored. We also work with 
physicians, responding to their questions and assisting them 
in guiding and empowering their patients when appropriate. 
In addition, we collaborate with healthcare professionals to 
deliver medicines to patients using data-driven insights, 
enabling us to create meaningful patient support programs, 
and offer personalized support on proper storage and 
administration to ensure that patients use our treatments 
correctly. 
Patients can raise any product quality complaints directly via 
UCBCares®, which are then reviewed by designated roles 
within UCB. This initiates a comprehensive investigation, 
guided by a Global Quality Standard Operating Procedure 
(SOP) covering all products manufactured, supplied or 
distributed by UCB in all stages. All UCB’s associated actions 
are monitored and tracked to completion. This process is 
evaluated annually to ensure effectiveness of the program. 
Any reports are assessed promptly, confidentially and 
impartially. In cases where we can confirm that UCB 
contributed to a negative impact, we work with relevant 
stakeholders to determine an appropriate remedy.
Patients can contact UCB directly to raise any concerns, 
including reporting adverse events, and safety reporting 
information is included in all relevant communications to 
patients and on the UCB website. All UCB staff and other 
relevant individuals are trained on safety reporting 
requirements and are required to immediately send any 
information on potential adverse events for review.
In addition, in line with the UN Guiding Principles on Business 
and Human Rights (UNGP), we provide a grievance 
mechanism for rights holders negatively affected by our 
operations. Several key policies protect individuals who use 
our channels to raise concerns or needs, ensuring they are 
safeguarded against retaliation. These include the UCB Global 
Incident Review and Investigations Procedure, Code of 
Conduct, Human Rights Policy and UCB Non-retaliation policy.
Regarding matters around patient safety, entities of the UCB 
Group have been named as defendants in several product 
liability cases in France. The claimants in these actions claim 
their mothers took Distilbène, a former product of the UCB 
Group, during their pregnancy, and as a result they suffered 
bodily injuries. For substantiated cases, UCB has provided 
compensation. For further information, refer to Financial  
Note 34 Provisions.
Targets
UCB’s annual Access Coverage Performance and Time to 
Access indices monitor our performance, looking at how 
UCB medicines with market authorization have achieved 
market access that enables patient use, and how much earlier 
positive national reimbursement decisions are received 
compared to typical industry benchmarks in the countries 
where UCB operates. The methodology for these two KPIs is 
further explained in the next section.
While in principle we aspire to reach all patients who need 
our medicines, we recognize that in practice there will be 
cases when alignment between all negotiating parties is not 
reached, limiting equitable access. We therefore set access 
coverage performance targets in recognition of these 
challenges. Both annual targets are set globally and split per 
region, medicine and country. Targets are defined with input 
from various stakeholders across UCB markets and affiliates. 
Some targets are also shared and discussed with our 
Compensation and Benefits team in charge of including 
Access to Medicines targets into the Long-Term Incentives 
(LTI) plan of senior executives. Once set, each year’s target 
and quarterly results are communicated to UCB leaders and 
other relevant stakeholders, with dashboards available that 
provide a view on performance against the target at 
geography and product level. Follow up of those targets is 
happening on a monthly basis and observations are discussed 
with relevant stakeholders from regions and countries.
Access Coverage Performance Index  82 %  79 %
Time to Access Index  50 %  38 %
2025 target 2026 target
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 105
Patients continued
S4-3
S4-5

[page 106]
Metrics 
Scientific innovation
Number of molecules in development 9 8
Number of clinical development pipeline 
programs
9 12
Percentage of revenue reinvested in R&D  29 %  24 %
2024 2025
We consistently reinvest a significant portion of our revenues 
into research and development,, as we recognize that 
enabling scientific innovation is a long-term investment to 
maintain our ability to deliver impactful solutions for those we 
serve. The outcomes of UCB’s R&D investments are further 
described in the Clinical pipeline update section.
Equitable access to medicines
Access Coverage Performance Index  82 %  78 %
Time to Access Index  55 %  43 %
2024 2025
UCB’s strong global access coverage performance ensures 
that we remain true to our aspiration to reach an increasing 
number of patients who need our medicines. In 2025, we 
landed at 78%, nearly reaching the target of 82%, due to 
prolonged negotiations, which were aimed at preserving the 
long-term value of our medicines while ensuring that we 
could secure access for as many patients as possible. We 
achieved a total of 60 positive access cases including 
reimbursements, subnational level coverage and access 
programs, with more than half of these cases related to 
BIMZELX®, with rheumatology indications taking the lead 
(psoriatic arthritis and AxSpa account for 36% of the total 
cases) while access for the hidradenitis suppurativa indication 
grew strongly this year with 12% share of these positive cases. 
For our neurology portfolio, FINTEPLA® was the biggest 
contributor to the Access Coverage Performance Index with 
24% share, while RYSTIGGO® and ZILBRYSQ® combined 
represent 20% of the positive cases. 
At a country level, the Netherlands led the way with most 
national reimbursements in the year, while the U.S. managed 
to achieve coverage in six additional channels for BIMZELX®. 
Our new 2026 baseline starting point for the Access 
Coverage Performance Index will be set at 68%, reflecting the 
upcoming loss of exclusivity of BRIVIACT® and the inclusion 
of new UCB products which are expected to obtain access. 
We remained committed to advancing our efforts to bring 
solutions timely to patients, landing at a Time to Access index 
of 43%, though falling short of our 50% target for 2025. The 
main reason for this shortfall was the prolonged negotiations, 
which were aimed at preserving the long-term value of our 
assets while ensuring that we could secure access for as 
many patients as possible. The previous year results for this 
index do not form a baseline as we start from a zero baseline 
every year. In 2025, 34 national reimbursement decisions 
were obtained ahead of the industry benchmark, the same 
number as in 2024. The majority (62%) are related to 
BIMZELX®. For the combined neurology and rare diseases 
portfolio, we achieved time-to-access as planned for 
FINTEPLA® and ZILBRYSQ®, while RYSTIGGO® did not meet 
the expected timeline. The neurology and rare disease 
portfolio accounted for a larger share of the overall product 
mix in Time to Access, increasing to 47% from 39% in 2024. 
This higher share of rare diseases products, combined with 
cost-effectiveness pressures in health ecosystems, required 
additional effort to continue to  ensure timely access. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 106
Patients continued
MDR-M
Accounting policy
• Number of molecules in development includes 
number of UCB molecules in clinical development 
that progress into Phase 2 until submission, including 
those developed in partnership with other 
pharmaceutical companies, as at the reporting date.
• Clinical development pipeline programs refer to all 
clinical programs being conducted with the same 
investigational drug, including additional indications 
for molecules on the market, as at the reporting date.
• The percentage of revenue reinvested in R&D is 
calculated by the total EUR amount of research and 
development expenses for the reporting period, 
divided by the total EUR amount of net revenue for 
the same reporting period (both reported in the 
consolidated income statement).

[page 107]
Accounting policy
We define “Access” coverage as reimbursed access to the 
drug, regardless of any restrictions applied or presence of 
an access program, whereas “No Access” is defined as no 
reimbursed access to the drug. 
The metrics cover 35 countries assessed, alongside all 
products that have received regulatory approvals in those 
geographies and for which the patent has not expired, and 
all indications with regulatory approval for those products. 
The scope of the Access KPIs includes all UCB medicines 
and indication combinations. This is determined by the 
inclusion criteria: i) the market authorization of the product 
by regional or national authorities (such as the EMA for 
Europe, FDA for USA or PMDA for Japan); ii) UCB is the 
Market Authorization Holder for that specific country. 
We are not tracking data for KEPPRA® and NEUPRO®, as 
these are considered historical assets, which for most parts 
of the world are no longer covered under patent. We deem 
these products today to be widely accessible and meeting 
patient needs through available solutions on the market. 
Hence, these are not specifically measured as part of the 
performance indicator, which tracks the access 
performance for new market launches since 2021. 
Our baseline year for the reporting period was October 1, 
2024 to September 30, 2025.
Access Coverage Performance Index 
• The index is based on the total number of reimbursement 
listings and Access Programs achieved for any product/
indication in any country in the reporting year, divided by 
total number of products/indications in any country that 
have or will have market authorization and are expected 
to be reimbursed according to the industry benchmark 
(provided by the company IQVIA Ltd.) in that year. 
• Formula used: Total number of reimbursement listings 
and access programs achieved for any product/
indication in any country / Total number of products/
indications in any country that have or will have market 
authorization and are expected to be reimbursed 
according to the industry benchmark in that year. 
• Subnational access is defined at the DMU (Decision-Making 
Unit) level for these countries for each product and 
indication. The type of DMUs (e.g., regions, hospitals, sick 
funds) can differ per country and product depending on 
the local health system of a nation. The DMUs are 
weighted through either population data or patient data, 
corresponding to the DMU. Data for weighting are used 
from official government or health statistics. We assess if 
each DMU has Access or No Access. If the sum of DMU 
weights having access is ≥ 66%, then we consider Access 
for our product in this country. We consider as evidence 
the inclusion of a product in the hospital formulary or a 
contract in place. There could be cases where subnational 
data are not immediately available in the months following 
achievement of a national price or reimbursement listing. In 
this case we assume a period of six months during which 
we consider a “Conditional Access” until subnational data 
are available. If during this period data are available, then 
we switch to subnational access measurement. After six 
months, if no data are available then we consider that 
access is not reached. 
• 49 geographies and channels are included in total (U.S. is 
split into 10 channels; Brazil, Canada and Mexico are split 
into public and private channels, U.K. is split into England, 
Wales and Scotland), from three major regions (the EU, 
Intercontinental and U.S.) where we operate. 
Managed Access Program 
• The term “Access Program” refers to all those mechanisms 
in which a product could be used prior to reimbursement. 
• Under Access Programs, access is considered for a product 
within a country, determined by meeting three specific 
criteria: i) the program should be active and will be counted 
only post-market authorization; ii) there should be a third 
party (e.g., a hospital) that financially covers the patient’s 
treatment (neither the patient nor UCB covers it); and iii) 
there should not be a limit for the number of patients to 
enroll in the program. 
Time to Access (TTA) Index 
• Tracks time between market authorization and payers’ 
decisions to provide reimbursement for new UCB 
medicines or the setting of an Access Program – 
measured against the median industry time to 
reimbursement in individual markets where UCB 
operates. 
• A set of independently sourced TTA industry benchmarks 
have been used as the external benchmarks for 
evaluation. These independently sourced TTA industry 
benchmarks, prepared by IQVIA  at UCB’s request and 
direction, represent a measure of the median number of 
days from market authorization to public reimbursement, 
and these are separately determined for each country 
where UCB is operating. IQVIA collects and evaluates 
these industry “TTA benchmarks” for UCB and updates 
these on a yearly basis. 
• Expressed as a percentage of the pricing and 
reimbursement listings (as per definitions used by IQVIA 
for evaluating median time to reimbursement) for UCB 
products expected during the relevant year of scope (as 
identified using the industry “TTA benchmarks”) which 
have not exceeded the relevant median time to 
reimbursement. 
• Formula used: number of countries which timely 
obtained pricing and reimbursement approval or an 
Access Program within the year (versus industry “TTA 
benchmarks”) / number of countries which were 
expected to obtain price and reimbursement listing 
within the year (as identified using the industry “TTA 
benchmarks”) * 100. 
• Time to Access is measured for the countries where UCB 
has presence, which means the local Pricing & Access 
team is in charge of negotiating reimbursement and 
price. 
• For an Access Program, the date of access is considered 
the date the first patient enroled into the program. 
• TTA applies only at national level (even if subnational 
level exists) and public channel (where public and private 
channels exist). For U.S. we consider only the first 
indication of the brand.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 107
Patients continued

[page 108]
Number of countries and low- and middle-income 
countries (LMIC) where UCB’s solutions are present, 
per solution
BIMZELX® 35 3 42 4
BRIVIACT® 42 4 44 3
CIMZIA® 56 13 55 11
EVENITY® 28 2 27 2
FINTEPLA® 35 2 40 4
KEPPRA® 48 12 48 12
RYSTIGGO® 6 0 17 1
VIMPAT® 53 11 52 11
ZILBRYSQ® 9 0 15 0
2024 2025
Number of
countries
Number of 
LMIC
Number of
countries
Number of 
LMIC
In 2025, we successfully retained the reach of our legacy 
products (KEPPRA®, VIMPAT®, BRIVIACT®, and CIMZIA®) 
beyond our affiliate countries and into various low- and 
middle-income countries (LMICs). This year, we broadened 
the footprint of FINTEPLA® from 35 to 40 countries, including 
two new LMICs, and BIMZELX® from 35 to 42 countries, 
including one additional LMIC. Our rare diseases portfolio 
also saw substantial growth: ZILBRYSQ® increased its 
presence from 9 to 15 countries (a 67% rise), and RYSTIGGO® 
expanded from 6 to 17 countries, now including one LMIC.
U.S. net price change
In 2025, our U.S. net price change (after discounts and 
rebates) averaged -1.7% across the U.S. product portfolio (list 
price change averaged 4.9%). This reflects our significant 
market rebates and discounts to ensure patients can access 
UCB medicines. 
Other equitable access to medicines metrics 
Number of people who have 
accessed UCB's solutions 
>3.1 
million
>3.1 
million
Number of people supported 
through Patient Support Programs 
in the U.S.  188 246  201 144 
2024 2025
 
Patient safety
Critical inspection findings 0 0
Timely reporting of adverse events  98 %  98 %
Pharmacovigilance inspections 2024 2025
In 2025, there were no critical inspection findings reported by 
the competent authorities. 98% of individual cases safety 
reports were submitted on time by UCB to the competent 
authorities.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 108
Patients continued
Accounting policy
• Country presence is considered wherever the 
following criteria apply: i) UCB has sales of the 
product, either directly or through a partner, in the 
country (recorded in our systems or in IQVIA reports); 
ii) in the case of no recorded sales, published 
evidence of product reimbursement exists (e.g., 
inclusion in the positive list of the country).
• The scope includes countries where UCB affiliates 
exist and countries where UCB operates via partners. 
• We use the World Bank’s definition of countries and 
low- and middle-income countries. 
Accounting policy
Net price change represents the year-over-year change in 
average net price, which is WAC less rebates, discounts, 
fees and returns, calculated at a product level and 
weighted across the company's U.S. product portfolio. 
The methodology used may differ from those used by 
other companies.
Accounting policy
Total patient number is calculated using the Moving 
Annual Total (MAT) patients (Estimated Actual Treated) 
at the end of Q3 2025 as provided with input data from 
an external source. The total patient number gathers 
people who have accessed the following solutions: 
BIMZELX®, BRIVIACT®, CIMZIA®, EVENITY®, FINTEPLA®, 
KEPPRA®, NAYZILAM®, RYSTIGGO®, VIMPAT® and 
ZILBRYSQ®.
Accounting policy
• Critical inspection findings: Identified by regulatory 
authority pharmacovigilance inspectors, then 
presented in the following format: the number of 
individual critical findings in the reporting period as 
numerator and number of pharmacovigilance 
inspections in the reporting period as denominator.
• Reporting compliance rate: The percentage of 
individual case safety reports submitted on time by or 
on behalf of UCB to regulatory authorities in the 
European Union, in compliance with the regulatory 
requirements, compared to the total number of 
individual case safety report submissions. 

[page 109]
Product quality
Class I 0 0
Class II 1 1
Class III 0 0
Recalls 2024 2025
In 2025, UCB reported 55 inspections in our internal and 
external network across the various good practices (GxPs). 
This included 33 inspections conducted by various health 
authorities and regulatory agencies in our internal network of 
UCB entities in our operating markets. Similarly, UCB partners 
and vendors underwent a total of 22 inspections conducted 
by health authorities and regulatory agencies. 
In 2025, UCB voluntarily recalled 23 batches of E Keppra® 
tablets from the Japanese market after detecting cracks in the 
blister foil during packaging operations. Although no 
complaints or adverse events related to this defect have been 
reported, and stability data support a robust profile even under 
open conditions, the recall was initiated as a precautionary 
measure while maintaining continuity of supply.
Patient engagement
Funding provided to patient 
organizations (million euros) 11.4 8.5
Patient engagement activities 190 143
Number of patient organizations engaged 383 394
Interaction with patient organizations 2024 2025
In 2025, UCB engaged with 394 patient organizations. 
This included >€ 8.5 million in funding provided to patient 
organizations. 143 patient engagement activities were tracked 
through the Activity Notification Form system in 2025. 
We are currently deploying a comprehensive measurement 
roadmap to ensure key decisions are informed by patients, 
including new KPIs.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 109
Patients continued
Accounting policy
Product recalls is the number of product recalls initiated 
within a specified period by UCB. It is calculated based 
on monthly internal data collection and monitoring, 
with internal records kept and classified by product. 
UCB’s recall process is periodically assessed by 
regulatory agencies and internal auditors. 
The number of inspections in UCB internal network 
across the product lifecycle and against the various 
“Good Practices” regulations tracks the number of 
inspections conducted by health authorities, regulatory 
agencies or notified bodies (for devices) at UCB entities 
for a specified period. 
The number of inspections in external network across 
the product lifecycle and against the various “Good 
Practices” regulations tracks the number of inspections 
conducted by health authorities, regulatory agencies or 
notified bodies (for devices) at UCB vendors and 
partners for a specified period. We expect external 
vendors and partners to notify UCB of relevant 
inspections, as agreed in contracts.
Accounting policy
• The number of patient organizations engaged is a 
sum of all patient groups and organizations involved 
in an activity, tracked through the Activity Notification 
Form system, grants, donations or sponsorships with 
a transfer of value. The activity must have taken place 
(an activity can be created, submitted or approved 
but canceled before happening) or payment made. 
• Patient engagement activities are defined as the 
number of completed events with participation of 
patient organizations that took place in 2025, as 
tracked by our Activity Notification Form system. For 
each event there could be multiple patient 
organizations participating. Ongoing activities that 
started in 2025 but have not been finalized yet are 
not included in this number.
• The funding provided to patient organizations is the 
sum of the amount in euros of all transfer of value to 
patient organizations during activities of fee for 
service, grants, donations or sponsorships (based on 
payment made and filled in source systems) in major 
markets for UCB.
• UCB’s policies require an Activity Notification Form 
to be reviewed and approved prior to engaging with 
any healthcare stakeholder. The Activity Notification 
Form must clearly present all the information 
regarding the engagement activity to allow formal 
review and evaluation of bona fide assessment and 
fair market value analysis.


[page 110]
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 110
Governance Information
Governance 
information

[page 111]
Code of conduct policy overview
Scope of policy
This policy applies to all employees, agents and consultants representing UCB.
Accountable for implementation
Implementation of this policy is overseen by the Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer, who 
reports to the General Counsel and has direct access to senior leadership including the 
Executive Committee, CEO and Board of Directors.
Internationally recognized instruments
Aligned and explicitly mentions the UN Declaration of Human Rights and the Declaration of 
Helsinki.
Availability
The Code is available in 24 languages on UCB website and intranet, and was developed with 
input from a wide range of employees through the Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) to ensure 
a diverse group of employee voices were included. Employees are informed of this policy 
through an annual mandatory training. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 111
Governance information continued
Description of key contents
UCB's Code of Conduct reinforces our 
ethical principles and lays out 
accountability and expectations, as 
well as principles of ethical decision-
making, speaking up and non-
retaliation. In 2025, the Code was 
reviewed to sharpen the focus on this 
dimension while ensuring that our 
l o n g - s t a n d i n g  c o m m i t m e n t  t o  
fairness, respect and equal 
opportunity remains clear, 
sustainable and aligned with evolving 
global expectations. The level of  
excellence expected on sourcing 
standards was also reinforced.

[page 112]
Business conduct
Impacts, risks and opportunities
Ethical business practices
Sub-topic IRO type Time frame Value chain Description
Business conduct
 Tariffs and unharmonized implementation of the global minimum tax could lead to a drop in adjusted EBITDA 
(tariffs) and potential double taxation (net profitability), reducing UCB’s cashflows and limiting funds available for 
investment in innovation.
Political influence and advocacy
Sub-topic IRO type Time frame Value chain Description
Political influence and 
advocacy  Potential
Greater collaboration with third parties, such as local government bodies, payers and peers, to strengthen 
healthcare systems.
Ethical use of technology
Sub-topic IRO type Time frame Value chain Description
Data and technology
 Ethical use of technology and AI at UCB can lead to increased efficiencies and value creation (e.g., fewer patients 
required in clinical trials, fewer resources needed in production, faster prediction of the results of experiments and 
fewer animals in pre-clinical trial development).
Positive impact
 Negative impact
 Risk
 Opportunity
 Short term
 Medium term
 Long term
 Upstream
 Own operations
 Downstream
Corporate culture
At UCB, culture is a core driver of value creation. It shapes 
how we collaborate, make decisions and deliver meaningful 
outcomes for patients, employees, shareholders and society.
Our cultural reference frame is more than ever anchored in 
the four principles of UCB’s Patient Value Strategy (PVS): from 
noise to signal; from task to value; space with consistency; 
and helpfulness and generosity. These four principles 
articulate how we show up and work together, connecting 
our purpose to our operating model and long-term 
ambitions. The most senior leader accountable for shaping 
and evolving UCB’s culture is the Chief Human Resource 
Officer (CHRO), a member of the Executive Committee. The 
CHRO ensures that cultural principles are embedded into 
strategic talent processes – including leadership attributes, 
organizational development, recruitment and performance 
and growth management – reinforcing coherence across 
UCB’s global operations. 
UCB advanced its cultural evolution in 2025 to strengthen 
consistency in how we work across teams and geographies. 
Rather than introducing a new model, the PVS framework 
was revamped to reflect emerging organizational needs, 
including outcome-driven approaches, clearer 
accountabilities, consent-based decision-making, stronger 
external orientation and continuous learning. 
To bring greater clarity and shared understanding of what 
these shifts require in practice, UCB introduced 12 behavioral 
“notions” under the four PVS principles. These notions 
translate the principles into concrete, observable behaviors 
that guide how employees listen, prioritize, collaborate, 
navigate uncertainty and balance short- and long- term value 
creation. Making these expectations explicit reduces 
interpretation gaps and provides a common foundation for 
leadership, development and performance discussions. 
Throughout 2025, the revamped PVS framework and its 12 
notions were progressively embedded into key people 
processes, reinforcing the link between culture, 
organizational effectiveness and sustainable performance. 
UCB’s performance and growth framework was strengthened 
by integrating the evolved PVS principles into the behavioral 
dimension of performance assessment and goal setting. This 
clarification supports more consistent, meaningful 
conversations between managers and employees, and 
enhances alignment between expected behaviors and 
desired outcomes. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 112
G1
G1-1

[page 113]
Besides that, our culture is also reinforced by several established 
talent lifecycle processes: 
• annual performance reviews and talent assessments; 
• leadership development programs with structured feedback 
linked to PVS principles;
• reward and recognition systems aligned with cultural 
expectations; 
• recruitment guidelines reflecting our values; 
• tailored culture training and onboarding. 
Corporate culture
UCB's employee engagement score  76 %  78 %
High-performing benchmark of the 
top 10% global companies  82 %  82 %
2024 2025
Employee listening also evolved significantly in 2025 with a 
more intentional and integrated strategy. The Global 
Employee Survey reached a 62% participation rate and 
generated over 13 000 comments. Our engagement score 
rose to 78% (+2 points), with strong scores in pride (83%) and 
purpose (81%). These insights help track cultural evolution, 
guide priority actions and strengthen our understanding of 
how employees experience UCB’s culture in their daily work.
Ethical business practices
Policies 
Key business conduct policies include our Code of Conduct 
and Anti-Bribery Anti-Corruption Policy (ABAC), under the 
oversight of UCB’s Ethics & Business Integrity (E&BI) program.
These policies apply and are made available to all staff and 
third-party contractors as part of initial onboarding and annual 
required training and are referenced in UCB’s contracts with 
third-parties where relevant. When new staff are onboarded, 
UCB conducts compliance training tailored to the individual’s 
role, including expected business conduct relative to their 
role and responsibilities.
Ethics and compliance activities, including the 
implementation of these two policies, are overseen by the 
Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer, who reports to the 
General Counsel and has direct access to senior leadership 
including the Executive Committee, CEO and Board of 
Directors. In addition, the Chief Ethics and Compliance 
Officer makes annual presentations to the Executive 
Committee, the Board and the Audit Committee of the Board.
Speaking up and non-retaliation
If any UCB employee sees something they consider could be 
illegal, unethical or a behavior that contradicts the ethical 
principles found in the Code of Conduct, they are expected 
to bring this to the attention of a supervisor or manager. 
Employees may also contact the E&BI, Talent (HR) or Legal 
departments, or the 24/7 UCB Integrity Line. 
UCB has a strict non-retaliation policy. Employees are 
encouraged to report situations without fear of retaliation, 
and they are not penalized for reporting in good faith, even if 
it turns out that a violation did not occur. Retaliation is not 
tolerated in any form, and anyone involved in retaliating is 
subject to discipline, up to and including termination. The 
Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer also follows up with 
reporters to ensure that they are not experiencing retaliation 
after reporting and monitors for any negative employment 
actions that may be due to reporting the misconduct.
Managing incoming grievances
An established, impartial process is used to assess and 
investigate all incoming grievance reports in a timely manner, 
and regular updates are provided to the reporter, if they are 
known. This process is managed by a Global Head of 
Investigations who is part of the E&BI team, working under 
the direction of the Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer and 
involving Legal and Talent leaders. Investigation results are 
used to support root cause analysis and determine corrective 
actions and any disciplinary actions. Regular updates on the 
process are provided to the Board, the Executive Committee 
and the Audit Committee of the Board.
Actions
UCB’s Ethics and Business Integrity (E&BI) Program aims to 
enable strategies that enhance financial, social and 
environmental performance through ethical practices and 
leadership. The program is built on the established elements 
of compliance programs defined by the U.S. Office of the 
Inspector General and adapted based on local country 
requirements. 
Elements include leadership and governance; risk 
assessments and due diligence; standards, policies and 
procedures; training and communications; systems for 
employee reporting; case management and investigations; 
testing and monitoring; third-party compliance; and 
continuous improvement. Annual employee reviews include 
ethical business considerations as a performance metric in 
individual objective setting. Employees involved in 
compliance breaches are subject to disciplinary action in 
alignment with UCB’s disciplinary standards. Additionally, 
third-parties are reviewed to assess risks related to ethics and 
business integrity and may be subject to audit and oversight 
from Ethics and Business Integrity or Internal Audit based on 
detected or emerging risks. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 113
Business conduct continued
G1-1
Accounting policy
The employee engagement score is derived from the 
anonymous annual employee survey and is based on 
key drivers and benchmark data from a third-party 
provider named Glint. The engagement score measures 
purpose, retention, pride in working at UCB and 
likelihood to recommend UCB as a great place to work. 

[page 114]
The E&BI Program collaborates with company leadership to 
integrate UCB's ethical principles into daily activities and 
decisions, emphasizing its importance in relation to our 
business activities through regular communication, guidelines 
and key events. In 2025, this included: 
• The ongoing ‘Leading Through Ethics’ strategy to promote 
ethical leadership and culture, including leadership training 
focused on ethical decision-making, and a communication 
strategy that emphasizes ethics and the inclusion of ethics-
related metrics in performance management. 
• The annual Global Ethics Day, themed "Empowered by 
Integrity: Doing the Right Thing Together", included 
activities at all UCB sites and messages from leaders about 
their commitment to ethics in their business activities.
• UCB is implementing clear performance metrics company-
wide that will include elements of ethics, compliance and 
business integrity, tying compliance and  ethical behavior 
to employee performance and compensation. 
• UCB’s Ethical Decision-Making Tool is continuously 
enhanced to include additional topical guidance, case 
studies, and high-level questions in relevant areas, enabling 
employees to practice and apply skills in ethical decision-
making to dilemmas they face in their work. 
Ethical culture and compliance
Conducted internally and benchmarked with industry data 
provided by a third party, our annual anonymous Ethics and 
Business Integrity Perceptions Survey provides UCB with data 
on how colleagues see, understand, live and apply ethical 
principles and behaviors, together with a comparison to a peer 
benchmark. Using dashboards and metrics, leaders can provide 
ongoing coaching to their teams and demonstrate leadership 
commitment to the importance of ethics and compliance.
Our 2025 survey results saw an overall similar score to that 
obtained in 2024 which reflected an improvement in several 
key areas of focus during the preceding year, with an employee 
response rate equal to that of the previous year (54% in both 
2024 and 2025).  The perceptions of senior leadership ethics 
improved notably since 2024, rising to 95% of benchmark (up 
from 91% of benchmark in 2024). Results showed a slight 
decrease in employee perceptions of their direct managers as 
ethical leaders, down to 95% of benchmark in 2025 from 100% 
of benchmark in 2024. Perceptions of organizational justice 
increased as well, rising to 90% of benchmark in 2025 from 
88% of benchmark the prior year. Organizational justice results 
showed an increase in employees’ confidence that UCB 
enforces its Non-Retaliation Policy. Survey data also showed a 
continued reduction in the perception of pressure in the 
workplace. These results will be used to determine key focus 
areas for 2026.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 114
Business conduct continued
Accounting policy
The annual anonymous survey Ethics and Business 
Integrity Perception Survey, conducted internally for the 
first time in 2025, is the input to calculate perceptions of 
leadership, pressure, and organizational justice scores. 
The percentages provided are the numbers of 
respondents agreeing to statements linked to UCB ethical 
business conduct, such as “I believe disciplinary actions 
are taken when individuals engage in unethical behavior 
or misconduct at UCB”. The results are compared with 
Peer Benchmark Data, provided by an external company, 
Ethisphere, based on data from companies conducting 
their surveys with Ethisphere.

[page 115]
Grievance indicators
Number of cases reported per 100 
employees
1.78 1.73
% of reports becoming investigations  67%  58% 
Anonymous reports  34%  27% 
Average case closure time 47 days 56 days
Substantiation rate  48%  53% 
Investigations with disciplinary actions  48%  53% 
Metric 2024 2025
The number of cases reported per 100 employees in 2025 
stayed consistent with 2024 rates, with 8% cases coming 
through monitoring and auditing and 92% of cases coming 
through UCB grievance mechanisms. The 2025 Ethics and 
Business Integrity Perception Survey showed a significant 
reduction in employees reporting observed misconduct, 
declining from 6.8% in 2024 to 3% in 2025.   In addition, the 
2025 survey data showed that 88% of employees indicated 
that they would be willing to report misconduct because “It is 
the right thing to do”. About half of employees (consistent 
with previous years and about 4% above external benchmark) 
confirmed that they had reported misconduct that they 
observed. Continued efforts are ongoing to increase speak-
up comfort and awareness by employees. The increase in 
average case closure time compared to 2024 could be 
caused by increasing case complexity with several cases 
requiring expanded investigations and reviews. 
Investigation outcome issue type 2025
2
7
5
0
2
2
11
2
1
7
0
7
0
8
6
2
1
1
3
3
1
2
8
2
3
1
2
2
5
1
4
1
4
2
1
3
1
1
3
1
3
Code of Conduct violation
Compliance with laws, rules, and regulations
Conflict of interest
Disclosure or misappropriation of 
confidential information
Discrimination
Employee relations
Expense reporting
Falsification of company records
Fraud
Harassment
Improper marketing activities
Inappropriate engagement with an HCP
Retaliation
Unprofessional behavior
n Substantiated n Unsubstantiated n Referred n In progress
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 115
Business conduct continued
Accounting policy
The grievance indicators take into account aggregated 
reports from all of UCB’s reporting channels, including 
reports made to UCB’s Integrity Line and from other 
channels, including to the Ethics and Business Integrity, 
Talent, and Legal departments, as well as managers.

[page 116]
Anti-bribery and anti-corruption
ABAC Policy    
UCB’s Anti-Bribery Anti-Corruption (ABAC) Policy is designed 
to ensure that UCB personnel, as well as third parties acting 
on UCB’s behalf, understand and comply with applicable 
global anti-bribery and anti-corruption rules. It is accessible 
online and on our intranet. 
This policy outlines UCB’s key anti-bribery and anti-corruption 
principles and is supported by additional procedures and 
guidelines that describe how UCB detects, prevents and 
mitigates bribery and corruption risks in its business activities. 
The ABAC policy was established taking into consideration 
input from key stakeholders within UCB, including on topics 
related to Ethics and Business Integrity, Legal matters, Global 
Internal Audit, political contributions, intercontinental 
applicability and funding activities. It is compliant with 
standards set out by various pharmaceutical industry bodies, 
including (but not limited to) the International Federation of 
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers & Associations (IFPMA), 
European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and 
Associations (EFPIA), Pharmaceutical Research and 
Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) and OECD Anti-Bribery 
Convention.
Prevention and detection of corruption and bribery     
UCB has identified engagement with healthcare stakeholders 
as the primary anti-bribery and anti-corruption (ABAC) risk 
area. The E&BI team conducts a risk assessment for every 
market where UCB operates to assess local risks related to 
several topics, including corruption. This is in accordance 
with an established rotational schedule, or on an issue basis 
where appropriate. These risks, when identified, are 
addressed through a mitigation plan developed with local 
leadership teams and reported to the global E&BI leadership 
team for follow-up. Investigators or investigating committees 
are separate from any chain of management involved in 
prevention and detection of corruption or bribery. The Global 
Internal Audit department periodically reviews UCB’s global 
operations to identify and assess risks in accordance with an 
established rotational schedule, or on an issue basis where 
appropriate. As part of the approved 2025 Audit Plan, and in 
addition to financial assurance procedures, the department 
has conducted 39 reviews of various affiliates, partners and 
global functions. The assessments of local sites, affiliates and 
partners are carried out on a risk-based cycle and include, 
among other areas, an evaluation of ABAC procedures and 
controls. They continuously monitor, enforce and follow up 
on any compliance-related findings.  
Any incidents of bribery and corruption discovered through 
the monitoring program are referred to the Investigations 
function within the Ethics and Business Integrity team which 
operates independently from the country organizations, to 
ensure full independence of the process. In addition, all cases 
of bribery and corruption reported by employees or outside 
stakeholders through our Integrity Line or other reporting 
channels are promptly investigated. Corrective actions and 
any necessary disciplinary actions are implemented following 
the conclusion of the investigation.
Incidents of corruption or bribery
In 2025, no material incidents of corruption or bribery were 
confirmed. There were no material cases of bribery and 
corruption that resulted in fines or convictions for violations 
of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws.
Training completion rates
• 99% of employees were compliant with the Code of 
Conduct training. 
• 98% of employees were compliant with the anti-bribery 
and anti-corruption (ABAC) training.
ABAC training All employees
Training coverage
Total employees required  10 117 
Total employees compliant  9 904 
Delivery method and duration
Computer-based training 0.25 hours
Frequency
How often training is required Annually
Topics covered
Definition of corruption X
Policy X
Procedures on suspicion/detection X
The 2025 data reflect a continued high rate of completion of 
both Code of Conduct and ABAC trainings across UCB. 
Employees who do not complete the required training within 
the allotted timeframe receive individual follow-ups from the 
Ethics and Business Integrity team, and completion rates are 
tracked closely each month.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 116
Business conduct continued
G1-3
G1-4
Accounting policy
The total number of substantiated investigations of 
corruption and/or bribery reported or occurred during 
the reporting period is calculated using data from the 
system used to track the cases reported through the 
UCB Integrity Line and other channels, while the total 
number of convictions and total amount of fines for 
violations of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws to 
UCB in the reporting period is provided by the Global 
Litigation team. 
A confirmed incident (of corruption and bribery) is a 
report that has been found to be substantiated. 
Substantiated reports of corruption do not include 
reports of corruption that are still under investigation at 
the end of the reporting period. A determination as 
substantiated by a court of law is not required. A 
substantiated report is proven to be true, valid, or 
supported by evidence.
Accounting policy
• Code of Conduct completion rates are based on the 
calculation of the proportion of employees who have 
successfully completed the training for UCB’s Code 
of Conduct or are within the required timeframe to 
complete the training in the reporting period (i.e., as 
at December 31, 2025).
• Completion of anti-bribery and anti-corruption 
(ABAC) training is calculated based on the proportion 
of employees who have successfully completed the 
ABAC training or are within the required timeframe to 
complete the training in the reporting period (i.e., as 
at December 31, 2025). 
• These compliance rates are a sum of employees 
who have completed and employees who are still 
within the timeframe to complete and comply with 
the mandatory training.

[page 117]
Political influence and advocacy
Policies 
UCB is dedicated to the continued evolution of healthcare 
ecosystems that recognize and reward innovation, 
encourage value-based care and promote equitable access 
to medicines. Given the different regulatory environments 
across regions, we adapt our approach to public policy while 
maintaining consistency in our global commitment to ethical 
engagement and alignment with our purpose. This topic is 
included in UCB’s Code of Conduct and our commitment 
includes adhering to the reporting requirements for lobbying 
activity and limits on political campaign contributions in the 
countries in which we operate. 
Where permissible in certain countries and when authorized 
by the country leadership and the Legal Department or local 
legal counsel, UCB engages in the political process. 
Supported candidates are selected based on views, voting 
records and issue positions that reflect the interests and 
values of UCB, its employees and the patients we serve now 
and in the future. The Use of Corporate Resources for 
Political Activity Policy, specific to the U.S., defines that no 
company employee may use, or consent to the use of, 
company funds to make a political contribution to, or an 
expenditure for the benefit of, any candidate or political 
committee, unless that employee has obtained prior approval 
from the Head of U.S. Corporate Affairs and Sustainability, or 
his or her designee. 
In the EU, accountability for the implementation of political 
influence and advocacy is overseen by the Global Head of 
Sustainability, Corporate Affairs & Risk. In the U.S., UCB’s 
efforts around this topic are overseen by the Head of U.S. 
Corporate Affairs and Sustainability and the Head of U.S. 
Public Policy & Government Relations. 
Actions 
UCB is listed on the following transparency registers: 
• EU – Transparency Register (identification number: 
294359117093-66) 
• Germany – Lobby Register Deutscher Bundestag 
(identification number: R001559) 
• Belgium – Lobby Register/Registre des Lobbies 
(identification number: N/A) 
• U.S. – UCB Inc. or in-house employees are registered at 
federal state and local levels, based upon the registration 
and disclosure provisions of each impacted jurisdiction.
It is standard practice for companies in the U.S. to support 
candidates through Political Action Committees (PACs). 
UCB’s U.S. affiliate has a PAC (U-PAC) to support candidates 
at the federal and state level, and all contributions are publicly 
available. All U-PAC and UCB corporate campaign contributions 
are reviewed in advance of making any such contribution both 
internally by the U-PAC Governing Board, which is made up 
of UCB executives and employees, and by outside political 
law counsel, Politicom Law LLP. We routinely review all 
candidate contributions and our criteria to ensure that 
candidates supported by U-PAC reflect the company’s views 
on innovation, affordable access to quality healthcare and 
health equity. This is the measure we use to decide which 
candidates to support. 
In 2025, UCB engaged in advocacy activities concerning the 
following topics:
Innovation
• Tax incentives to enable continued investment in innovation. 
• Proposals to strengthen the intellectual property system. 
• Tax policy changes that would have negatively impacted ex-
U.S. companies with foreign direct investment into the U.S..
• Trade policy that would negatively impact biopharmaceutical 
innovation and future investments.
• Strengthening Europe’s competitiveness in pharmaceutical 
research, development, and manufacturing.
Value-based care
• Creation of Rare Disease Advisory Boards to enable increased 
patient voice in public policy related to rare diseases. 
• Advocating for the removal of barriers to equitable access 
to care. 
• Advocating for examining the entire prescription drug 
supply chain to identify reforms that will improve access 
and affordability while allowing for continued innovation to 
bring improved treatments to people living with severe 
diseases. 
Equitable access
• Removing barriers to manufacturers providing appropriate 
patient assistance to those who cannot afford their 
medicines. 
• Mechanisms for patients to obtain medically necessary 
therapies and avoid unnecessary impediments to access. 
• Improved access to therapies in U.S. Medicaid programs 
(for the underserved, including low socioeconomic 
communities).
• Expand coverage and access to different routes of 
administration and sites of care for different therapies. 
Political contributions
Indirect political contributions 
(EUR thousands)  100  118 
2024 2025
Indirect political contributions are made by UCB only in the 
U.S., according to standard local practices. Around one 
quarter of the amount of political contributions reported for 
2025 were made through the U-PAC, while around 60% was 
done through lobbying organizations in states where it is 
allowed. The remaining amount was related to corporate 
campaign contributions.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 117
Business conduct continued
G1-5

[page 118]
Ethical use of technology
UCB has strong technology governance in place, and our 
approach to AI is evolving in line with its evolution and related 
regulations, taking the broader societal implications, 
complex ethical issues and human rights impacts that arise 
into consideration.
Policies 
The UCB Code of Conduct covers matters related to AI, 
ensuring that ethical practices are upheld throughout our 
operations, while the Acceptable Use of IT Policy provides 
internal guidance for the ethical use of UCB IT systems.
UCB Code of Conduct
UCB’s Code of Conduct helps our colleagues to make smart 
and ethical choices about AI technology, accompanied by 
ongoing training. The Code outlines UCB’s expectations 
regarding technology, including artificial intelligence. 
Specifically on AI, the Code of Conduct outlines our 
commitment to using it in a transparent way which respects 
human autonomy and aligns with our aim of improving the 
lives of people living with severe diseases. We carefully consider 
which tasks we delegate to AI, and put the necessary 
guardrails in place to ensure we are using it responsibly. 
Moreover, AI systems at UCB adhere to data protection 
standards, to ensure that personal data remains private, and 
descriptions of the way that they work (in understandable 
terms) are readily available. 
Acceptable Use of IT Policy
The Acceptable Use of IT Policy, available in UCB’s regulated 
document management system, ensures that all UCB digital 
systems, devices and data are used in a trustworthy, safe, 
secure and compliant manner. Ethical, compliant and legal 
use of technology protects employees, partners, patients and 
UCB from harm, prevents misuse, and supports responsible 
digital operations.
The policy applies to any individual using UCB IT systems, 
devices or data, including employees, contractors, 
consultants, temporary workers, third-party affiliates and 
others acting on UCB’s behalf. It covers:
• PCs, mobile devices (phone and tablets), media, network, 
e-mail, internet usage, storage, servers, applications, cloud 
solutions and other networked and connected devices. 
• All UCB Data in electronic format that is created, acquired, 
accessed, stored, processed or transmitted from or by UCB 
or its partners (on UCB’s behalf), and for which UCB is 
accountable, responsible or otherwise has a legitimate 
business interest in.
The policy also emphasizes several key ethical responsibilities:
• Use only authorized systems and software, including GenAI 
solutions, when performing UCB business.
• Protect data by following UCB’s privacy, classification and 
lifecycle rules, including restrictions on local storage, 
personal devices, controlled GxP documents, and use of 
personal email.
• Communicate transparently and responsibly, avoiding 
technologies such as ephemeral or self-destructing 
messaging that prevent required retention.
• Use technology for legitimate purposes and within legal 
and organizational boundaries, including limited and 
reasonable personal use when it does not create risk.
• Support a culture of accountability by following security 
guidance, reporting suspicious activity and respecting 
UCB’s ability to monitor systems in line with laws and 
company policies.
Actions 
Actions taken in 2025 included:
• Continuation of  the  GenAI Hub (established in 2024), 
which is advising on the ethical considerations of emerging 
technologies, as well as guiding our use-cases on the 
ethical use of AI.
• As part of the UCB AI literacy program, a mandatory 
‘Responsible Use of AI’ training for all employees was 
introduced in August 2025.
• The set up of a transversal legal, intellectual property and 
ethics team to provide AI use-case risk assessments.
• A  s e l f - a s s e s s m e n t  t o o l  w a s  d e v e l o p e d  t o  s u p p o r t  U C B  
e m p l o y e e s  i n  r e v i e w i n g  t h e i r  A I - r e l a t e d  u s e - c a s e s  f o r  
alignment with the EU AI Act.
• A Global Responsible Use of AI Policy has been developed 
and is now progressing through the formal approval process. 
It is designed to align with existing UCB policies such as the 
Code of Conduct and the Acceptable Use of IT Policy.
• Standard clauses governing the use of AI were added to 
selected contractual statement of work templates, and a 
comprehensive set of provisions is being finalized for 
inclusion in the Master Services Agreement template in 
early 2026.
• We are currently working on updating the Acceptable Use 
of IT Policy to include additional elements on ethical use of 
technology, among other updates. The last update of the 
policy occurred in March 2025 and strengthened overall 
ethical themes concerning digital technology. As such, the 
latest update includes: clearer and broader ethical 
accountability, more explicit governance of AI and new 
technologies, stating only authorized tools may be used for 
UCB operations and business, strengthening of data ethics, 
balanced and ethical guidance on personal use and others.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 118
Business conduct continued
MDR-P
MDR-A

[page 119]
European Sustainability 
Reporting Standards (ESRS) Index  
UCB has reported in accordance with the European 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) for the period of 
January 1, 2025 – December 31, 2025, in alignment with the 
requirements of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting 
Directive (CSRD).
ESRS 2 – General disclosures
Disclosure requirement Page
BP-1: Basis for preparation 48
B P - 2 :  S p e c i f i c  c i r c u m s t a n c e s 48, 120
G O V - 1 :  G o v e r n a n c e  r o l e s 36-42, 
136, 
141-143
G O V - 2 :  G o v e r n a n c e 137, 141
G O V - 3 :  I n c e n t i v e s  s c h e m e s 148-149, 
151-152
G O V - 4 :  D u e  d i l i g e n c e 120
G O V - 5 :  R i s k  m a n a g e m e n t 43-46, 
48
S B M - 1 :  S t r a t e g y ,  b u s i n e s s  m o d e l  a n d  v a l u e  c h a i n 8-11, 
12-19, 49 
S B M - 2 :  S t a k e h o l d e r s 49-51
S B M - 3 :  S t r a t e g y  a n d  b u s i n e s s  m o d e l 49-51
I R O - 1 :  P r o c e s s e s  f o r  I R O s 49-51
I R O - 2 :  D i s c l o s u r e  r e q u i r e m e n t s  c o v e r e d 119-120
ESRS E1 – Climate change
Disclosure requirement Page
E S R S  2  G O V - 3 :  I n c e n t i v e  s c h e m e s 151, 157
E 1 - 1 :  T r a n s i t i o n  p l a n 55-56
E S R S  2  S B M - 3 :  S t r a t e g y  a n d  b u s i n e s s  m o d e l 54
E S R S  2  I R O - 1 :  P r o c e s s e s  f o r  I R O s 49-51, 
54-55
E 1 - 2 :  P o l i c i e s 53, 57
E 1 - 3 :  A c t i o n s 57-58
E 1 - 4 :  T a r g e t s 58
E 1 - 5 :  E n e r g y  c o n s u m p t i o n  a n d  m i x 59
E 1 - 6 :  G H G  e m i s s i o n s 60-62
E 1 - 7 :  G H G  r e m o v a l s 62
E 1 - 8 :  I n t e r n a l  c a r b o n  p r i c i n g 62
ESRS E2 – Pollution
Disclosure requirement Page
E S R S  2  I R O - 1 :  P r o c e s s e s  f o r  I R O s 49-51, 
63
E 2 - 1 :  P o l i c i e s 53, 
63-65 
E 2 - 2 :  A c t i o n s 64-65
E 2 - 3 :  T a r g e t s 65
E 2 - 4 :  P o l l u t i o n  o f  a i r ,  w a t e r  a n d  s o i l 66-67
E 2 - 5 :  S u b s t a n c e s  o f  c o n c e r n  a n d  s u b s t a n c e s  o f  
very high concern 67
ESRS E3 – Water and marine resources
Disclosure requirement Page
E S R S  2  I R O - 1 :  P r o c e s s e s  f o r  I R O s 49-51, 
68
E 3 - 1 :  P o l i c i e s 53, 68
E 3 - 2 :  A c t i o n s 69
E 3 - 3 :  T a r g e t s 69
E 3 - 4 :  W a t e r  c o n s u m p t i o n 70
ESRS E5 – Resource use and circular economy
Disclosure requirement Page
E S R S  2  I R O - 1 :  P r o c e s s e s  f o r  I R O s 49-51, 71
E 5 - 1 :  P o l i c i e s 53, 71
E 5 - 2 :  A c t i o n s 71-72
E 5 - 3 :  T a r g e t s 72
E 5 - 5 :  R e s o u r c e  o u t f l o w s 72-73
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 119
IRO-2

[page 120]
ESRS S1 – Own workforce
Disclosure requirement Page
E S R S  2  S B M - 2 :  S t a k e h o l d e r s 49-51
E S R S  2  S B M - 3 :  S t r a t e g y  a n d  b u s i n e s s  m o d e l 83
S 1 - 1 :  P o l i c i e s 82, 
84-85
S 1 - 2 :  E n g a g i n g  w i t h  o w n  w o r k e r s 86
S 1 - 3 :  R e m e d i a t e  n e g a t i v e  i m p a c t s 86-87
S 1 - 4 :  A c t i o n 84-85
S 1 - 5 :  T a r g e t s 87
S 1 - 6 :  W o r k f o r c e  c h a r a c t e r i s t i c s 88-89
S 1 - 9 :  D i v e r s i t y 89
S 1 - 1 3 :  T r a i n i n g  a n d  d e v e l o p m e n t 90
S 1 - 1 4 :  H e a l t h ,  s a f e t y  a n d  w e l l b e i n g 90
S 1 - 1 6 :  R e m u n e r a t i o n 91
S 1 - 1 7 :  I n c i d e n t s 91
ESRS S2 – Workers in the value chain
Disclosure requirement Page
E S R S  2  S B M - 2 :  S t a k e h o l d e r s 49-51
E S R S  2  S B M - 3 :  S t r a t e g y  a n d  b u s i n e s s  m o d e l 92
E S R S  2  I R O - 1 :  P r o c e s s e s  f o r  I R O s 49-51, 
92
S 2 - 1 :  P o l i c i e s 82, 93
S 2 - 2 :  E n g a g i n g  w i t h  v a l u e  c h a i n  w o r k e r s 93
S 2 - 3 :  R e m e d i a t e  n e g a t i v e  i m p a c t s 93
S 2 - 4 :  A c t i o n 94
S 2 - 5 :  T a r g e t s 94
M D R - M :  M e t r i c s 95
E S R S  S 4  –  C o n s u m e r s  a n d  e n d - u s e r s
Disclosure requirement Page
E S R S  2  S B M - 2 :  S t a k e h o l d e r s 49-51
E S R S  2  S B M - 3 :  S t r a t e g y  a n d  b u s i n e s s  m o d e l 96-98
S 4 - 1 :  P o l i c i e s 82, 
99-104
S 4 - 2 :  E n g a g i n g  w i t h  c o n s u m e r s  a n d  e n d - u s e r s 104
S 4 - 3 :  R e m e d i a t e  n e g a t i v e  i m p a c t s 105
S 4 - 4 :  A c t i o n 99-104
S 4 - 5 :  T a r g e t s 105
M D R - M :  M e t r i c s 106-109
ESRS G1 – Business conduct
Disclosure requirement Page
E S R S  2  G O V - 1 :  G o v e r n a n c e  r o l e s 137
E S R S  2  I R O - 1 :  P r o c e s s e s  f o r  I R O s 49-51
G 1 - 1 :  C o r p o r a t e  c u l t u r e  a n d  b u s i n e s s  c o n d u c t 112-115
G 1 - 3 :  A B A C  p r e v e n t i o n 116
G 1 - 4 :  A B A C  i n c i d e n t s 116
G 1 - 5 :  P o l i t i c a l  i n f l u e n c e  a n d  l o b b y i n g 117
Statement on due diligence 
Core elements of environmental and social due diligence Page
a. Embedding due diligence in 
governance, strategy and business model
14, 49-51, 53, 
82, 111, 141
b. Engaging with affected stakeholders in 
all key steps of the due diligence
49-51, 86, 93, 
104
c. Identifying and assessing adverse 
impacts
49-51, 54-55, 
63, 68, 71, 92
d. Taking actions to address those adverse 
impacts
57-58, 64-65, 
69, 71-72, 
84-85, 94, 
99-104, 113-114
e. Tracking the effectiveness of these 
efforts and communicating
58-62, 65-67, 
69-70, 72-73, 
87-91, 94-95, 
105-109, 
113-114
Incorporation by reference 
Disclosure requirement Page
ESRS 2 GOV-1 (21 a-e) 136, 142-143
ESRS 2 GOV-1 (22 a-d) 36-42, 141
ESRS 2 GOV-1 (23 a, b) 141
ESRS 2 GOV-2 (26 a-c) 137, 141
ESRS 2 GOV-3 (29 a-e) 148-149, 151-152
ESRS 2 GOV-5 (36 c-d) 43-46
ESRS 2 SBM-1 (40 a) 8-11
ESRS 2 SBM-1 (40 e, g) 12-19
ESRS 2 SBM-1 (42 a, b) 12-13
ESRS E-1 GOV-3 (13) 151, 157
G1 GOV-1 (5 a, b) 137
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 120
European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) Index continued
GOV-4
BP-2

[page 121]
List of datapoints that derive from other EU legislation
The table below outlines the datapoints derived from other EU legislation as listed in ESRS 2 Appendix B. 
It indicates where these data points can be found in our report and identifies which data points are assessed as "Not material".
ESRS 2 GOV-1 21 (d): Board's gender diversity l l 142
ESRS 2 GOV-1 21 (e): Percentage of board members who are independent l 142
ESRS 2 GOV-4 30: Statement on due diligence l 120
ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 (d) i: Involvement in activities related to fossil fuel activities l l l N/A
ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 (d) ii: Involvement in activities related to chemical production l l N/A
ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 (d) iii: Involvement in activities related to controversial weapons l l N/A
ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 (d) iv: Involvement in activities related to cultivation and production of tobacco l N/A
ESRS E1-1 14: Transition plan to reach climate neutrality by 2050 l 56
ESRS E1-1 16 (g): Undertakings excluded from Paris-aligned benchmarks l l 55
ESRS E1-4 34: GHG emission reduction targets l l l 58
ESRS E1-5 38: Energy consumption from fossil sources disaggregated by sources l 59
ESRS E1-5 37: Energy consumption and mix l 59
ESRS E1-5 40-43: Energy intensity associated with activities in high climate-impact sectors l 59
ESRS E1-6 44: Gross Scope 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG emissions l l l 60
ESRS E1-6 53-55: Gross GHG emissions intensity l l l 60
ESRS E1-7 56: GHG removals and carbon credits l 62
ESRS E1-9 66: Exposure of the benchmark portfolio to climate- related physical risks l N/A
ESRS E1-9 66 (a): Disaggregation of monetary amounts by acute and chronic physical risk 
66 (c): Location of significant assets at material physical risk l N/A
ESRS E1-9 67 (c): Breakdown of the carrying value of its real estate assets by energy-efficiency classes  l N/A
ESRS E1-9 69: Degree of exposure of the portfolio to climate- related opportunities l N/A
ESRS E2-4 Amount of each pollutant listed in Annex II of the E-PRTR Regulation emitted to air, water and soil l 66-67
ESRS E3-1 9: Water and marine resources l 68
ESRS E3-1 13: Dedicated policy l 68
ESRS E3-1 14: Sustainable oceans and seas l N/A
ESRS E3-4 28 (c): Total water recycled and reused l 70
ESRS E3-4 29: Total water consumption in m3 per net revenue on own operations l 70
ESRS 2 SBM-3 E4 16 (a) l N/A
ESRS 2 SBM-3 E4 16 (b) l N/A
ESRS 2 SBM-3 E4 16 (c) l N/A
ESRS E4-2 24 (b): Sustainable land / agriculture practices or policies l N/A
Disclosure requirement Data point
SFDR 
reference
Pillar 3 
reference
Benchmark 
regulation 
reference
EU climate 
law reference
Page/ 
relevance
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 121


[page 122]
Disclosure requirement Data point
SFDR 
reference
Pillar 3 
reference
Benchmark 
regulation 
reference
EU climate 
law reference
Page/ 
relevance
ESRS E4-2 24 (c): Sustainable oceans / seas practices or policies l N/A
ESRS E4-2 24 (d): Policies to address deforestation l 94
ESRS E5-5 37 (d): Non-recycled waste l 72
ESRS E5-5 39: Hazardous waste and radioactive waste l 72
ESRS 2 SBM-3 S1 14 (f): Risk of incidents of forced labor l N/A
ESRS 2 SBM-3 S1 14 (g): Risk of incidents of child labor l N/A
ESRS S1-1 20: Human rights policy commitments l 82
ESRS S1-1 21: Due diligence policies on issues addressed by the fundamental International Labour 
Organization Conventions 1 to 8 l
82
ESRS S1-1 22: Processes and measures for preventing trafficking in human beings l N/A
ESRS S1-1 23: Workplace accident prevention policy or management system l 85-87
ESRS S1-3 32 (c): Grievance/complaints handling mechanisms l 86-87
ESRS S1-14 88 (b) and (c): Number of fatalities and number and rate of work-related accidents l l 90
ESRS S1-14 88 (e): Number of days lost to injuries, accidents, fatalities or illness l 90
ESRS S1-16 97 (a): Unadjusted gender pay gap l l 91
ESRS S1-16 97 (b): Excessive CEO pay ratio l 91
ESRS S1-17 103 (a): Incidents of discrimination l 91
ESRS S1-17 104 (a): Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and Human Rights and OECD Guidelines l l 91
ESRS 2 SBM-3 S2 11 (b): Significant risk of child labor or forced labor in the value chain l 92
ESRS S2-1 17:Human rights policy commitments l 82
ESRS S2-1 18: Policies related to value chain workers l 93
ESRS S2-1 19: Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and Human Rights principles and OECD guidelines l 95
ESRS S2-1 19: Due diligence policies on issues addressed by the fundamental International Labour 
Organization Conventions 1 to 8 l
82
ESRS S2-4 36: Human rights issues and incidents connected to its upstream and downstream value chain l 95
ESRS S3-1 16: Human rights policy commitments l N/A
ESRS S3-1 17: Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and Human Rights, ILO principles or OECD guidelines l l N/A
ESRS S3-4 36: Human rights issues and incidents l N/A
ESRS S4-1 16: Policies related to consumers and end-users
l
82, 
99-104
ESRS S4-1 17: Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and Human Rights and OECD guidelines l l 105
ESRS S4-4 35: Human rights issues and incidents l N/A
ESRS G1-1 10 (b): United Nations Convention against Corruption l N/A
ESRS G1-1 10 (d): Protection of whistleblowers l N/A
ESRS G1-4 24 (a): Fines for violation of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws l l 116
ESRS G1-4 24 (b): Standards of anti-corruption and anti-bribery l 116
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 122
List of datapoints that derive from other EU legislation continued

[page 123]
Sustainability Accounting Standard Board (SASB) Index
Report reference
Safety of clinical trial participants
HC-BP-210a
1. Discussion, by region, of management process for ensuring quality and patient safety during clinical trials Patient safety 
Product quality
2. Number of inspections related to clinical trial management and pharmacovigilance that resulted in: 
   (1) entity voluntary remediation or 
   (2) regulatory or administrative actions taken against the entity 
Product quality 
3. Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with clinical trials in developing countriesMaterial settlements are reported in Note 34 Provisions
Access to medicines
HC-BP-240a
1. Description of actions and initiatives to promote access to health care products for priority diseases and in priority 
countries as defined by the Access to Medicine Index 
UCB's purpose & strategy
Equitable access to medicines 
Health systems resilience 
2. List of products on the WHO List of Prequalified Medicinal Products as part of its Prequalification of Medicines 
Programme (PQP)
UCB has no products in the WHO List of Prequalified 
Medicinal Products
Affordabilty and pricing
HC-BP-240b
2. Percentage change in: 
  (1) weighted average list price and 
  (2) weighted average net price across product portfolio compared to previous reporting period
Equitable access to medicines
3. Percentage change in: 
  (1) list price and 
  (2) net price of product with largest increase compared to previous reporting period
UCB intends to further report on SASB accounting 
metrics in the upcoming years
Drug safety
HC-BP-250a
1. Products listed in public medical product safety or adverse event alert databases Available at FDA Adverse Event Reporting System 
(FAERS), the EU EudraVigilance system and WHO's 
VigiBase 
2. Number of fatalities associated with products Available at FDA Adverse Event Reporting System 
(FAERS) and the EU EudraVigilance system (these 
two databases generally include the same cases)
3. (1) Number of recalls issued,
      (2) total units recalled 
Product quality
4. Total amount of product accepted for takeback, reuse, or disposal UCB intends to further report on SASB accounting 
metrics in the upcoming years 
5. Number of enforcement actions taken in response to violations of good manufacturing practices (GMP) or equivalent 
standards, by type
UCB intends to further report on SASB accounting 
metrics in the upcoming years
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 123


[page 124]
Report reference
Counterfeit drugs
HC-BP-260a
1. Description of methods and technologies used to maintain traceability of products throughout the supply chain and 
prevent counterfeiting 
UCB intends to further report on SASB 
accounting metrics in the upcoming years 
2. Discussion of process for alerting customers and business partners to potential or known risks associated with counterfeit 
products 
UCB intends to further report on SASB 
accounting metrics in the upcoming years 
3. Number of actions that led to raids, seizure, arrests, or filing of criminal charges related to counterfeit products UCB intends to further report on SASB 
accounting metrics in the upcoming years
Ethical marketing
HC-BP-270a
1. Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with false marketing claims Material settlements are reported in Note 34. 
Provisions
2. Description of code of ethics governing promotion of off-label use of products Responsible sales and marketing
Employee recruitment, development and retention
HC-BP-330a
1. Discussion of talent recruitment and retention efforts for scientists and research and development staff Employee development 
2. (1) Voluntary and 
  (2) involuntary turnover rate for: 
  (a) executives/senior managers, 
  (b) mid-level managers, 
  (c) professionals, and 
  (d) all others
Characteristics of UCB employees
Supply chain management
HC-BP-430a
1. Percentage of: 
      (1) entity’s facilities and 
(2) Tier 1 suppliers’ facilities participating in the Rx-360 International Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Consortium audit 
program or equivalent third-party audit programs for integrity of supply chain and ingredients
UCB intends to further report on SASB 
accounting metrics in the upcoming years
Business ethics
HC-BP-510a
1. Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with corruption and bribery Material settlements are reported in Note 34. 
Provisions
2. Description of code of ethics governing interactions with healthcare professionals Responsible sales and marketing
Activity metrics
HC-BP-000
A. Number of patients treated Letter to stakeholders 
B. Number of drugs 
      (1) in portfolio and 
      (2) in research and development (phases 1 to 3)
www.ucb.com/our-products
UCB at a glance
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 124
Sustainability Accounting Standard Board (SASB) Index continued

[page 125]
Report of the statutory auditor 
on the limited assurance of the consolidated sustainability information of UCB SA for the year ended on 31 December 2025
To the Annual General Meeting 
As part of our statutory engagement to provide limited 
assurance on the sustainability information of UCB SA (the 
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (jointly “the Group”), we 
hereby report to you on this engagement. 
We have been appointed by the Annual General Meeting of 
25 April 2024, in accordance with the proposal of the Board 
of Directors and following the recommendation by the audit 
committee and the proposal formulated by the Works 
Council of UCB SA to perform a limited assurance 
engagement on the Group's sustainability information 
included in section “Sustainability Statement” of the Group 
Integrated Annual Report as at 31 December 2025 and for the 
year ended on that date (hereinafter the "Sustainability 
Information"). 
Our mandate expires on the date of the General Meeting held 
to approve the financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2026. We have performed our assurance 
engagement on UCB's sustainability information for two 
consecutive years. 
Limited assurance conclusion 
We have performed a limited assurance engagement on the 
Group's consolidated sustainability information. 
Based on the procedures we performed and the assurance 
evidence we obtained, nothing has come to our attention 
that causes us to believe that the Group's consolidated 
sustainability information, in all material respects: 
• has not been prepared in accordance with the 
requirements of article 3:32/2 of the Companies’ and 
Associations’ Code, including compliance with the 
applicable European Sustainability Reporting Standards 
(ESRS); 
• is not in accordance with the process (the “Process”) 
carried out by the Group to identify the information 
reported in the consolidated sustainability statement in 
accordance with the description set out in note “General 
disclosures – materiality assessment”; and
• does not comply with the requirements of Article 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (the "Taxonomy Regulation"), 
relating to the publication of the information listed in 
subsection "EU Taxonomy Disclosure” of the 
environmental section of the management report. 
Basis for conclusion 
We conducted our limited assurance engagement in 
accordance with ISAE 3000 (Revised), Assurance 
Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical 
Financial Information ("ISAE 3000 (Revised)"), as applicable in 
Belgium. 
Our responsibilities under this standard are described in more 
detail in the section of our report entitled "Responsibilities of 
the statutory auditor in relation to the limited assurance 
engagement on sustainability information". 
We have complied with all the ethical requirements 
applicable to the assurance of sustainability information in 
Belgium, including those relating to independence. 
We apply International Standard for Quality Management 1 
(ISQM 1), which requires the firm to design, implement and 
maintain a quality management system that includes policies 
or procedures relating to compliance with ethical 
requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements. 
We have obtained from the Board of Directors and Company 
officials the explanations and information required for our 
limited assurance engagement. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
conclusion. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 125


[page 126]
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors 
regarding the preparation of sustainability 
reporting
The Company's Board of Directors is responsible for 
developing and implementing a Process and for publishing 
this Process in the note “General disclosures – materiality 
assessment" This responsibility includes: 
• understanding the context in which the Group's activities 
and business relationships take place, and developing an 
understanding of the stakeholders involved; 
• identification of actual and potential impacts (negative and 
positive) related to sustainability issues, as well as risks and 
opportunities that affect, or can reasonably be expected to 
affect, the group's financial position, financial performance, 
cash flows, access to financing or cost of capital in the 
short, medium or long term; 
• assessing the significance of identified sustainability 
impacts, risks and opportunities, by selecting and applying 
appropriate thresholds; and 
• the formulation of assumptions and estimates that are 
reasonable in the circumstances. 
The Company's Board of Directors is also responsible for 
sustainability reporting, which includes the information 
identified by the Process: 
• in accordance with the requirements of article 3:32/2 of 
the Companies and Associations Code, including the 
applicable European Sustainability Reporting Standards 
(ESRS); and
• by complying with the requirements of Article 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (the "Taxonomy Regulation") 
relating to the publication of the information listed in 
subsection "EU Taxonomy Disclosure” of the 
environmental section of the management report. 
This responsibility includes: 
• the design, implementation and maintenance of internal 
controls that the board of directors determines are 
necessary to enable the preparation of the consolidated 
Sustainability Statement that is free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and 
• selecting and applying appropriate sustainability reporting 
methods and making assumptions and estimates that are 
reasonable in the circumstances. 
The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the 
Group's sustainability reporting process.
Inherent limitations in sustainability reporting 
In reporting forward-looking information in accordance with 
the ESRS, the Company's Board of Directors is required to 
prepare the forward-looking information on the basis of 
disclosed assumptions concerning events likely to occur in 
the future and possible future action on the part of the 
Group. Actual outcomes are likely to be different since 
anticipated events frequently do not occur as expected, and 
such differences could be of material importance. 
Responsibilities of the statutory auditor in relation 
to the limited assurance engagement on 
sustainability information 
Our responsibility is to plan and perform the assurance 
engagement to obtain limited assurance about whether the 
sustainability information is free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue a limited 
assurance report that includes our conclusion. Misstatements 
may be the result of fraud or error and are considered 
material when, individually or in aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to influence the decisions that users 
of sustainability information make on the basis of that 
information. 
In the context of a limited assurance engagement in 
accordance with ISAE 3000 (revised), as applicable in 
Belgium, and throughout the engagement, we exercise 
professional judgment and critical thinking. These 
procedures, to which we refer in the section "Summary of 
work performed", are less extensive than the procedures for a 
reasonable assurance engagement. We therefore do not 
express a reasonable assurance opinion on this engagement. 
Since the forward-looking information included in the 
sustainability information, and the assumptions on which it is 
based, relate to the future, they may be influenced by events 
that may occur and/or by any actions taken by the Group. 
Actual results are likely to differ from assumptions, as 
assumed events will generally not occur as expected, and 
such differences could be material. Consequently, our 
conclusion does not guarantee that the actual results 
reported will correspond to those contained in the forward-
looking sustainability information. 
Our responsibilities regarding sustainability information for the 
Process are as follows: 
• Gaining an understanding of the Process, but not for the 
purpose of providing a conclusion on the effectiveness of 
the Process, including the outcome of the Process; and 
• Designing and implementing procedures to assess whether 
the Process is consistent with the Group's description of 
that Process as described in note “General disclosures – 
materiality assessment”.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 126
Report of the statutory auditor on the limited assurance of the consolidated sustainability information of UCB SA continued

[page 127]
Our other responsibilities regarding sustainability information 
are as follows: 
• Obtaining an understanding of the entity's control 
environment, processes and information systems relevant 
to sustainability reporting, but without evaluating the design 
specific control activities, obtaining audit evidence about 
their implementation or testing the operating effectiveness 
of the controls in place; 
• Identifying areas where material misstatements in 
sustainability information are likely to occur, whether as a 
result of fraud or error; and 
• Designing and implementing procedures tailored to areas 
where material misstatements of sustainability information 
are likely to occur. The risk of not detecting a material 
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than that of a 
material misstatement resulting from error, as fraud may 
involve collusion, falsification, deliberate omissions, 
misrepresentation or override of internal control. 
Summary of work performed 
A limited assurance engagement involves performing 
procedures to obtain evidence about sustainability 
information. The nature and form of the procedures 
performed in a limited assurance engagement vary, and their 
scope is less than in a reasonable assurance engagement. 
Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited 
assurance engagement is significantly lower than that which 
would have been obtained in a reasonable assurance 
engagement. 
The nature, timing and extent of procedures selected depend 
on professional judgment, including the identification of 
instances where material misstatement of sustainability 
information is likely to occur, whether due to fraud or errors. 
As part of our limited assurance engagement, regarding the 
Process, we have: 
• Acquired an understanding of the Process by: 
• making inquiries to understand the sources of 
information used by management (e.g. stakeholder 
engagement, business plans and strategy documents); 
and by 
• examining the Group's internal documentation relating 
to its Process; and 
• Assessed whether the evidence obtained from our 
procedures concerning the Process implemented by the 
Group was consistent with the description of the Process 
presented in note “General disclosures – materiality 
assessment”.  
As part of our limited assurance engagement, regarding the 
sustainability information, we have: 
• Obtained an understanding of the Group’s reporting 
processes relevant to the preparation of its sustainability 
statements including the consolidation processes by 
obtaining an understanding of the Group’s control 
environment, processes and information systems relevant 
to the preparation of the sustainability statements, but not 
evaluating the design of particular control activities, 
obtaining evidence about their implementation or testing 
their operating effectiveness;
• Evaluated whether material information identified by the 
process is included in the sustainability statements; 
• Evaluated whether the structure and the presentation of 
the sustainability statements are in accordance with the 
ESRS; 
• Performed inquiries of relevant personnel and analytical 
procedures on selected information in the sustainability 
statements; 
• Performed substantive procedures on selected information 
in the sustainability statements;
• Obtained audit evidence about the methods used to 
develop estimates and forward-looking information, as 
described in the section on the responsibilities of the 
statutory auditor relating to the limited assurance 
engagement on sustainability information; 
• Obtained an understanding of the process to identify EU 
taxonomy eligible and aligned economic activities for 
turnover, CAPEX and OPEX and the corresponding 
disclosures in the sustainability statements; 
• Evaluated compliance processes, methods, and data for 
covered activities, assessed minimum safeguards 
compliance through personnel inquiries, and conducted 
analytical procedures on EU taxonomy aligned disclosures; 
• Evaluated the presentation and use of EU taxonomy 
templates in accordance with relevant requirements; 
• Reconciled and ensured consistency between the reported 
EU taxonomy economic activities and the items reported in 
the consolidated financial statements including the 
disclosures provided in related notes.
Statement related to independence 
Our audit firm and our network have not carried out any 
engagements incompatible with the limited assurance 
engagement and our audit firm has remained independent of 
the Group during our engagement. 
Brussels, 25 February 2026 
Forvis Mazars Bedrijfsrevisoren BV
Reviseurs d'Entreprises SRL 
Statutory Auditor 
Represented by
Sébastien Schueremans 
Certified auditor
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 127
Report of the statutory auditor on the limited assurance of the consolidated sustainability information of UCB SA continued

[page 128]
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 128
Corporate 
Governance 
Statement

[page 129]
Introduction letter 
from the Chair of the Governance, Nomination and Compensation Committee
Dear Reader,
2025 was a pivotal year for UCB, marked by strong execution 
of our strategy and significant progress towards our long-
t e r m  a m b i t i o n s .   U C B  d e l i v e r e d  r o b u s t  c o r p o r a t e  a n d  f i n a n c i a l  
performance in 2025, advancing our pipeline and exceeding 
key objectives. We continued to launch innovative solutions 
founded on our strong scientific foundation in immunology 
and neurology. These achievements – including multiple new 
product approvals and double-digit revenue growth – 
underscore UCB’s evolution into a global leader in our fields, 
and they provide a solid foundation for the decade of growth 
that we have embarked upon. 
One o f  t h e   m a j o r  m i l e s t o n e s  o f  2 0 2 5   w a s  t h e  i n t r o d u c t i o n  o f  
U C B ’ s   n e w  R e m u n e r a t i o n  P o l i c y ,  w h i c h  s h a r e h o l d e r s  
approved with overwhelming support at the Annual General 
Meeting. We are grateful for this vote of confidence. The 
updated policy was a necessary step to align our 
compensation framework with UCB’s rapid growth, increased 
global scale, and shareholder expectations. It strengthens the 
link between pay and sustainable performance, incorporates 
market best practices (such as enhanced long-term incentive 
alignment and global peer benchmarking), and ensures we 
remain competitive in attracting and retaining top talent at 
global levels. The strong endorsement from investors 
c o n f i r m s  t h a t  o u r   “ p a y  f o r  p e r f o r m a n c e ”   a p p r o a c h  a n d  
governance around executive remuneration are resonating 
well and supporting UCB’s long-term strategy. 
In t e r m s  o f   B o a r d  e f f e c t i v e n e s s ,  2 0 2 5  s a w  u s  c o m p l e t e  a  
comprehensive Board evaluation. Following a light, internal 
review in 2024, in 2025 we engaged an independent external 
assessor to take an in-depth look at our Board’s performance 
and dynamics. I am pleased to report that the evaluation 
concluded positively – affirming that our Board is recognized 
as a high-performing, mature and forward-looking governing 
body, combining strategic acumen, disciplined governance 
and a strong culture of trust. It stands among the top tier of 
Boards in its sector, consistently demonstrating 
professionalism, cohesion and long-term focus. The 
emphasis for the next stage is not corrective but 
developmental — continuing to fine-tune Board effectiveness, 
future-proof Board composition and strengthen agility in an 
increasingly complex environment. 
Continuous improvement in governance is a cornerstone of 
how we operate, and this rigorous review process ensures we 
keep raising the bar on Board performance in support of 
UCB’s growth and success. 
Board c o m p o s i t i o n  a n d  s u c c e s s i o n   r e m a i n e d  k e y  f o c u s e s  f o r  
the GNCC this year. After the significant refresh in 2024, the 
Board’s composition in 2025 provided both continuity and 
new perspectives to guide UCB’s growth. We benefited from 
t h e  c o n t r i b u t i o n s  o f  o u r  r e c e n t l y  a p p o i n t e d  D i r e c t o r ,   S t e f  
Heylen, who is now fully integrated and is bringing valuable 
expertise in science, patient value and his previous CEO and 
COO pharma experience.  
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 129
Corporate Governance Statement
Kay Davies
Chair, Governance, Nomination 
and Compensation Committee

[page 130]
At the 2025 AGM, shareholders reaffirmed their trust in our 
leadership by renewing the mandate of our Board 
C h a i r ,   J o n a t h a n  P e a c o c k ,  f o r  a n o t h e r  t e r m  –  e n s u r i n g  s t a b i l i t y  
a s  w e  n a v i g a t e  t h e  o p p o r t u n i t i e s  a h e a d .    
In 2025, the GNCC was pleased to recommend the 
appointment of Fiona Powrie, PhD, to the Board of Directors 
as of 1 January 2026, recognizing that her exceptional 
scientific leadership and deep expertise in immunology will 
further strengthen the Board’s oversight of UCB’s long-term 
research and innovation agenda. 
We also continued our proactive succession planning for 
Board and Executive roles. This included initiating a structured 
succession planning process and defining the future skills and 
diversity requirements we will seek in upcoming Board 
appointments. These efforts are about future-proofing UCB’s 
leadership: making sure we have the right mix of experience, 
independence, skills, competence and fresh thinking on the 
Board to support UCB’s strategic direction and uphold the 
highest governance standards. 
Throughout all these developments, the GNCC has been 
guided by UCB’s core values and our commitment to 
s u s t a i n a b l e  v a l u e  c r e a t i o n .  W e  v a l u e  t h e   e n g a g e m e n t  o f  o u r  
s h a r e h o l d e r s  a n d  s t a k e h o l d e r s   –  y o u r  f e e d b a c k  a n d  s u p p o r t  
throughout 2025 have been instrumental in shaping our 
decisions on governance, nominations, and compensation.  
Looking forward, we remain dedicated to robust governance 
practices that foster long-term performance. This includes 
continued transparency in our disclosures, alignment of 
leadership incentives with patient value and shareholder 
returns, and careful stewardship of UCB’s culture and ethics. 
In closing, on behalf of the GNCC and the entire Board, I 
thank you for your continued trust and partnership. We enter 
2026 with confidence, knowing that we have the right team, 
the right strategy, and strong governance in place to deliver 
sustainable performance and innovation for the benefit of all 
stakeholders. 
   
Sincerely,
Kay Davies
Chair, Governance, Nomination and Compensation 
Committee
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 130
Introduction letter continued
“Throughout all these 
developments, the GNCC has 
been guided by UCBʼs core 
values and our commitment 
to sustainable value creation.”


[page 131]
3.1 Scope of reporting
As a Belgian company listed on Euronext Brussels, UCB SA/
NV (“UCB”) is committed to the highest standards of 
corporate governance and is required by Belgian law (in 
particular Article 3:61 of the Belgian Code of Companies and 
Associations or the “BCCA”) to apply the 2020 Belgian Code 
on Corporate Governance2 or the “2020 Code”, which are 
both applicable since January 1, 2020.
The 2020 Code is based on the “Comply or Explain” principle. 
Belgian company law and the Belgian Code on Corporate 
Governance require UCB to adopt and publish a Charter of 
Corporate Governance and, on an annual basis, a Corporate 
Governance Statement, to be included in its (Integrated) 
Annual Report.
The Board of Directors of UCB (the “Board”) has established a 
Corporate Governance Charter (the “Charter”) since 2005. It 
describes the main aspects of corporate governance at UCB, 
including its governance structure, its shareholding, the terms 
of reference of the Board and its committees as well as those 
of its Executive Committee, and the rules applicable to its 
shareholder meetings. The Charter is updated and reviewed 
by the Board from time to time to be in line with applicable 
laws and regulations, the relevant Code on Corporate 
Governance, international standards, and the evolution of 
UCB. The latest version of the Charter is available on the UCB 
website. In accordance with principle 1.3 of the 2020 Code, 
UCB is to inform of any material amendments made to the 
company’s corporate governance charter (the Charter).
In December 2025, an amendment to the UCB Charter was 
approved to provide for an increase of the Board approval 
threshold to € 100 000 000. The previous threshold of € 50 
000 000 was established more than a decade ago when 
UCB had a very different size and was transforming into a 
biopharma company. The increase of the threshold will allow 
the Board to focus on matters that are more substantial for 
the strategy of UCB while giving more flexibility to management 
to focus on operational matters. The change is to be 
understood in the context of the anticipated decade of growth 
of UCB and has become applicable as of January 1, 2026.
Every year, as required by the BCCA and the 2020 Code, 
UCB publishes a Corporate Government Statement as part of 
its Integrated Annual Report, which includes all information 
required by law as well as a description of how the 2020 
Code has been applied in the last reporting year and, if 
applicable, an explanation of any deviations from the 
provisions of this Code (application of the comply or explain 
approach). This section of the Integrated Annual Report 
constitutes the Corporate Governance Statement for the 
year 2025.
In accordance with the Corporate Sustainability Directive 
("CSRD") and its implementing Belgian law (the "CSRD Law"), 
UCB is required to produce comprehensive sustainability 
reports adhering to the European Sustainability Reporting 
Standards (ESRS). These standards, developed by the 
European Financial Reporting Advisory Group (EFRAG), 
ensure transparency and comparability in reporting on 
environmental, social, and governance (ESG) aspects. In this 
respect, it is specifically referred to the “Sustainability 
Statement” chapter of this Integrated Annual Report. 
However, the new disclosures relating to corporate 
governance aspects pursuant to the ESRS classification 
mentioned below are included hereafter in this corporate 
governance section: 
1. ESRS 2 GOV-1, 21 (a), 21 (b), 21 (c), 21 (d), 21 (e), 22 (a), 22 
(b), 22 (c), 22 (c i), 22 (c ii), 22 (c iii), 22 (d), 23, 23 (a), 23 (b), 
2. ESRS 2 GOV-2, 26 (a), 26 (b), 26 (c),
3. ESRS 2 - GOV 3, 29, 29 (a), 29 (b), 29 (c), 29 (d), 29 (e) 
relating to remuneration aspects specifically included in 
the remuneration report (section 3.8 below).
1. Article 3:6 of the BCCA refers to the Royal Decree dated May 12, 2019 on the applicability of the 2020 Belgian Code on Corporate Governance to listed companies.
2. The “2020 Belgian Code on Corporate Governance” is available on the website of the Belgian Corporate Governance Committee (https://corporategovernancecommittee.be/assets/
pagedoc/2003973319-1651062453_1651062453-2020-belgian-code-on-corporate-governance.pdf)
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 131


[page 132]
3.2 Capital and shares
3.2.1 Capital
The capital of UCB has not been modified in 2025. On 
December 31, 2025, it amounted to  € 583 516 974 and was 
represented by 194 505 658 shares, all fully paid up. (“UCB 
shares”). This situation is the same since March 13, 2014.
3.2.2 Shares
UCB shares may be in registered or dematerialized form, at 
the request of the shareholder, in accordance with the BCCA. 
Registered UCB shares are recorded in the share register of 
UCB. 
All UCB shares are admitted for listing and trading on the 
Euronext Brussels Stock Exchange. 
Each share gives the right to one vote (“one share one vote” 
principle).
The Annual General Meeting is competent to allocate the 
results of each financial year. In line with UCB’s long-term 
dividend policy, the Board proposes a gross dividend of  
€ 1.45 per share. If the dividend is approved by the Annual 
General Meeting on April 30, 2026 the net dividend of  
€ 1.015  per share (net of Belgian 30% withholding tax) will be 
payable as of May 06, 2026, against the delivery of coupon 
#29.
3.2.3 Treasury shares
In accordance with article 12 of the Articles of Association of 
UCB (the ‘Articles of Association’), the Extraordinary General 
Meeting of April 25, 2024 decided to renew, for a period of 
two years starting on July 1, 2024 and expiring on June 30, 
2026, the authorization granted to the Board of Directors to 
acquire, directly or indirectly, whether on or outside of the 
stock exchange, by way of purchase, exchange, contribution 
or any other way, up to 10% of the total number of the 
Company’s shares, as calculated on the date of each 
acquisition, for a price or an exchange value per share which 
will not be (i) higher than the highest price of the Company’s 
shares on Euronext Brussels Stock Exchange on the day of 
the acquisition and (ii) lower than one (1) euro, without 
prejudice to article 8:5 of the royal decree of April 29, 2019 
implementing the Belgian Code of Companies and 
Associations. As a result of such acquisition(s), the Company, 
together with its direct or indirect subsidiaries, as well as 
persons acting on their own behalf but for the account of the 
Company or its direct or indirect subsidiaries, may not hold 
more than 10% of the total number of shares issued by the 
Company at the moment of the acquisition concerned. This 
authorization extends to any acquisitions of the Company’s 
shares, directly or indirectly, by the Company’s direct 
subsidiaries in accordance with article 7:221 of the BCCA. 
A renewal of this authorization for a period of two years 
expiring on June 30, 2028 will be submitted to the 
Extraordinary General Meeting of April 30, 2026.
In 2025, UCB acquired 700 000 UCB shares and disposed of 
1 018 955 UCB shares. On December 31, 2025, UCB SA held 
a total of 4 144 296 UCB shares representing 2.13% of the 
total number of UCB shares, and no other UCB securities. 
The UCB shares were acquired by UCB in order to cover part 
of UCB’s obligations resulting from the employees’ stock 
option plans, stock award plans and performance share plans. 
None of UCB’s affiliates is holding UCB shares on 
December 31, 2025.
3.2.4 Authorized capital
The Extraordinary General Meeting of April 25, 2024, decided 
to renew the authorization to the Board (and to amend the 
Articles of Association accordingly), for a period of two years, 
until May 28, 2026, to increase the share capital, amongst 
other by way of the issuance of shares, convertible bonds or 
warrants, in one or more transactions, within the limits set by 
the BCCA. 
• (1) with up to 5% of the share capital calculated at the time 
of the Board’s decision to make use of this authorization, in 
the event of a capital increase with cancelation or limitation 
of the preferential subscription rights of the shareholders 
(whether or not for the benefit of one or more specific 
persons who are not employees of the Company or of its 
subsidiaries);
• (2) with up to 10% of the share capital calculated at the time 
of the Board’s decision to make use of this authorization, in 
the event of a capital increase without cancelation or 
limitation of the preferential subscription rights of the 
existing shareholders.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 132


[page 133]
In any event, the total amount by which the Board may 
increase the share capital by a combination of the 
authorizations set forth in (1) and (2) above, is limited to 10% 
of the share capital at the time of the decision of the Board to 
make use of this authorization.
The Board is moreover expressly authorized to make use of 
this mandate, within the limits as set out under (1) and (2) 
above and in the BCCA, for the following operations:
• a capital increase or the issuance of convertible bonds or 
warrants with cancelation or limitation of the preferential 
subscription rights of the existing shareholders,
• a capital increase or the issuance of convertible bonds or 
subscription rights with cancelation or limitation of the 
preferential subscription rights of the existing shareholders 
for the benefit of one or more specific persons who are 
not employees of the Company or of its subsidiaries, and
• a capital increase by incorporation of reserves.
Any such capital increase may take all forms, including but 
not limited to, contributions in cash or in kind, with or without 
share premium, with issuance of shares below, above or at 
par value, the incorporation of reserves and/or share 
premiums and/or profits carried forward, to the maximum 
extent permitted by law.
Any decision of the Board to use this authorization requires a 
75% majority within the Board.
The Board is empowered, with full power of substitution, to 
amend the Articles of Association to reflect the capital 
increases resulting from the exercise of its authorization.
The BCCA does not allow the use of this authorization as of 
the moment the Company has been notified by the Financial 
Services and Markets Authority (the “FSMA”) about a public 
takeover bid.
As at December 31, 2025, the Board did not make use of this 
authorization. 
Since the authorization granted by the Extraordinary General 
Meeting of April 25, 2024 will expire in 2026, a renewal of the 
authorized capital for a new period of two years, expiring in 
2028, will be proposed to the Extraordinary General Meeting 
of April 30, 2026.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 133
Our Governance continued

[page 134]
3.3 Shareholders and shareholders’ structure
3.3.1 Reference shareholder
The main shareholder of UCB is Financière de Tubize SA (also 
referred to herein as the “Reference Shareholder” or “Tubize”), 
a Belgian company listed on Euronext Brussels Stock 
Exchange. Based on publicly available information Tubize 
held 70 562 935 UCB shares on a total number of 
194 505 658 (i.e., 36.28%) as at July 31, 2025.
The shareholding structure of UCB’s Reference Shareholder, 
as well as the key elements of the shareholders’ agreement 
applicable between the shareholders of Financière de Tubize 
SA, acting in concert, are available on the Financière de 
Tubize website (www.financiere-tubize.be). 
In accordance with rule 8.7 of the 2020 Code, “the Board 
should debate whether it would be appropriate for the 
Company to enter into a relationship agreement with the 
significant or controlling shareholder.” The Board is of the 
opinion that there is currently no need for establishing a 
relationship agreement. The Corporate Governance Charter 
of UCB, the current composition of the Board and the rules 
of the BCCA and Belgian company law provide a sufficiently 
clear frame to the Board and the Reference shareholder. In 
addition, the Reference Shareholder of UCB is itself a listed 
company and, as such, subject to extensive disclosure 
obligations.
3.3.2 Transparency notifications
During 2025, UCB received the following transparency 
notifications in accordance with the law of May 2, 2007, on 
the disclosure of large shareholdings.
UCB received three transparency notifications from 
BlackRock, Inc. dated March 7, March 11, and July 3, 2025. In 
the latest transparency notification dated July 3, 2025, 
BlackRock, Inc. notified that, following the acquisition or 
disposal of the control of an undertaking of the BlackRock 
group that holds a participating interest in UCB, its 
shareholding  (taking into account the holding of its affiliates) 
in UCB on July 1, 2025, amounted to 10 848 463 UCB shares 
with voting rights and 118 231  assimilated financial 
instruments, representing together 5.64% of the total number 
of shares issued by the company (194 505 658), versus 5.07% 
(9 725 971 UCB shares and 126 101 assimilated financial 
instruments) in the previous notification dated March 11, 2025.
Also, UCB received four transparency notifications from FMR 
LLC. dated June 12, July 9, August 8, and October 7, 2025. In 
its latest transparency notification, FMR LLC. notified that, 
following an acquisition of UCB shares with voting rights by 
its affiliates, its shareholding in UCB increased and crossed 
the 7.5% threshold on 6 October, 2025. On 6 October, 2025, 
FMR LLC. (taking into account the holding of its affiliates) 
owned 14 655 548 UCB shares with voting rights, 
representing 7.53% of the total number of shares issued by 
the company (194 505 658), versus 6.86% (13 351 678 UCB 
shares) in the previous notifications dated August 8, 2025. 
All notifications and related press releases can be found on 
UCB’s website.
3.3.3 Relationship with and between shareholders
Please refer to Note 44.4 Shareholders and shareholders 
structure for an overview of the relationship of UCB with 
shareholders. Furthermore, UCB is not aware of any 
agreements between its shareholders, apart from the 
information mentioned below.
On August 25, 2025, UCB received the latest updated 
notification pursuant to article 74, §8 of the Law on public 
takeover bids from Tubize (available on the UCB website), in 
which Tubize declared that since July 31, 2024, it acquired 
60 381 UCB shares, owning a total of 70 562 935 shares, 
representing 36.28% of the total number of shares issued by 
the Company (194 505 658). 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 134


[page 135]
3.3.4 Shareholder structure
Apart from the notifications mentioned above under 3.3.2 and 3.3.3, UCB also holds UCB shares (see above – own shares). The 
remaining UCB shares are held by the public.
Please find below an overview of the large shareholdings of UCB (including assimilated financial instruments), taking into 
account the shareholders’ register of UCB, the transparency notification received pursuant to the Law of May 2, 2007 on the 
disclosure of large shareholdings, the notification received pursuant to article 74, §8 of the Law of April 1, 2007 on public 
takeover bids, the notifications to the FSMA pursuant to the Law of August 2, 2002 on the supervision of the financial sector and 
the financial services and, as the case may be, more recent public disclosures (situation as per December 31, 2025):
Share capital € 583 516 974 March 13, 2014Total number of voting rights  (= denominator) 194 505 658
1 Financière de Tubize SA ('Tubize')
securities carrying voting rights (shares) 70 562 935  36.28% July 31, 2025
2 UCB SA/NV
securities carrying voting rights (shares)           4 144 296  2.13% December 31, 2025
assimilated financial instruments (options)1 0  —% March 6, 2017
assimilated financial instruments (other)1 0  —% December 18, 2015
Total 4 144 296  2.13% 
Free float2 (securities carrying voting rights (shares)) 119 798 427  61.59% 
3 BlackRock, Inc.
securities carrying voting rights (shares) 10 848 463  5.58% July 1, 2025
4 FMR LLC
securities carrying voting rights (shares) 14 655 548  7.53% October 6, 2025
Notifications received pursuant to the law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of large shareholdings
Last update: December 31, 2025 Situation as per
1. Assimilated financial instruments within the meaning of article 6, §6 of the Law of May 2, 2007 on the disclosure of large shareholdings.
2. Free float being the UCB shares not held by the reference shareholder (Tubize) and UCB SA/NV. Only securities carrying voting rights (shares) held by 
these entities are taken into account for this calculation; assimilated financial instruments are excluded.
3.3.5 General Meeting of Shareholders
In accordance with the Articles of Association, the Annual 
General Meeting of Shareholders (the ‘General Meeting’) takes 
place on the last Thursday of April at 11.00 AM CET. In 2025, 
the AGM was held on April 24. In 2026, this will be on 
April 30.
The rules on the agenda, the procedure for convening 
meetings, admittance to the meetings, the procedure on the 
exercise of voting rights and other details can be found in the 
Articles of Association and in the Charter, which are available 
on UCB’s website.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 135
3.3 Shareholders and shareholders’ structure continued

[page 136]
3.4 Board of Directors and Board committees
The governance of UCB is based on a “one-tier” structure. 
This means that the Company is administrated by a Board of 
Directors and run by an Executive Committee, whose 
respective functions and responsibilities are defined below in 
accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company 
and the Charter. The Board did not opt for a “two-tier” 
structure based on a separate Supervisory Board and 
Management Board. It considers that the current system 
foresees an appropriate balance of powers between the 
Board and the management, and the composition of the 
Board is in line with UCB’s current shareholder structure and 
business activities. It also did not want to permanently 
delegate to management the powers granted to the Board by 
the law in its current one-tier structure, nor the general 
representation of UCB. In accordance with the Belgian 
Corporate Governance Code 2020, the Board must review its 
governance structure at least once every five years. The last 
review was performed by the Board in December 2024 and 
the current governance structure was confirmed. 
3.4.1 Board of Directors
Composition of the Board and independent directors
Board composition and changes in 2025
For the composition and bios of the Board of Directors at 
December 31, 2025, please refer to UCB’s Management 
section of the 2025 Integrated Annual Report. 
The Secretary of the Board is Xavier Michel, Group Secretary 
General. The role and responsibilities of the secretary of the 
Board are described in the Charter.
At the General Meeting of April 24, 2025, the mandate of Mr.  
Jonathan Peacock (independent Director) was renewed for a 
term of four years. Upon his renewal, Mr. Jonathan Peacock 
continued to be Chair of the Board. Also, Ms. Susan Gasser 
(independent director) stepped down from the Board of 
Directors with effect on the date of the AGM 2025. 
In this context, the General Meeting approved the 
appointment of: (i) Ms. Fiona Powrie as a new independent 
director, starting on January 1, 2026, and (ii) Mr. Stef Heylen 
as a new director representing the Reference Shareholder, 
with immediate effect, each of them until the end of the 
General Meeting of 2029. 
On December 31, 2025, Mr. Jonathan Peacock, Ms. Jan 
Berger, Ms. Maëlys Castella, Ms. Kay Davies, Mr. Pierre L. 
Gurdjian, Mr. Ulf Wiinberg, Mrs. Nefertiti Greene, Ms. Dolca 
Thomas and Mr. Rodolfo Savitzky meet the independence 
criteria stipulated by article 7:87 of the BCCA, by provision 3.5 
of the 2020 Code and by the Board of Directors. As of 
January 1, 2026, Ms. Fiona Powrie will join the Board as an 
independent director.
Charles-Antoine Janssen, Cyril Janssen, Cédric van 
Rijckevorsel and Stef Heylen are representatives of the 
Reference Shareholder and, as such, are not eligible to qualify 
as independent director. Jean-Christophe Tellier being the 
CEO of UCB is also not eligible to qualify as independent 
director. He is also the only executive director on the Board 
of UCB. 
In 2025, the Board was therefore composed of a majority of 
independent directors: out of the 14 members, 9 members 
were independent (64% instead of 54% in 2024). During 2025, 
the Board was also composed of 5 women out of a total of 
14 members (36% instead of 38% in 2023), in compliance 
with the gender diversity requirement of Article 7:86 BCCA.
The Board of Directors does not include a representation of 
employees or workers. The workers and employees are 
represented within the work councils established in 
accordance with the BCCA and the Belgian law of September 
20, 1948 organizing the economy. 
Further to their appointments by the AGM 2025, Mr. Stef 
Heylen and Ms. Fiona Powrie became members of the 
Scientific Committee (role starting as at January 1, 2026 with 
respect to Fiona Powrie). 
Since the AGM 2025, the Board is composed of 14 members. 
As from January 1, 2026, the Board will be composed of 15 
members until the  Annual General Meeting of April 30, 2026 
(“AGM 2026”).
Expected Board Changes in 2026
The mandates of Mr. Jean-Christophe Tellier, Mr. Cédric van 
Rijckevorsel and Ms.  Kay Davies will expire at the end of the 
AGM 2026. 
After due assessment of their performance by the GNCC, the 
Board will propose to the AGM 2026 the renewal of the 
mandates of Mr. Jean-Christophe Tellier and Mr. Cédric van 
Rijckevorsel for a new period of four years. 
Ms. Kay Davies will step down at the end of the AGM 2026. 
Ms. Kay Davies will be replaced as Chair of the GNCC by Ms. 
Nefertiti Greene.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 136


[page 137]
Upon confirmation of the above renewals and mandate 
expiration by the General Meeting of April 30, 2026, and in 
accordance with the Charter, the Board will be composed of 
14 members. It will continue to be composed of a majority of 
independent non-executive Directors. All special Board 
Committees will also continue to be composed of a majority 
of independent directors: 
• Audit Committee: Rodolfo Savitzky (Chair and 
independent), Maëlys Castella (independent) and Cédric 
van Rijckevorsel (non-independent); 
• GNCC:  Nefertiti Greene (Chair and independent), Charles-
Antoine Janssen (non-independent), Pierre L. Gurdjian 
(independent) and Ulf Wiinberg (independent); 
• Scientific Committee: Dolca Thomas (independent), Stef 
Heylen (non-independent) and Fiona Powrie (independent). 
Jean-Christophe Tellier will continue to be the only executive 
Director (CEO) in the Board.
Following the proposed renewals and appointments, and if 
approved by the AGM 2026, the Board will still be composed 
of five women out of 14 members (36%) and remain 
compliant with the gender diversity requirement of Article 
7:86 BCCA.
Functioning of the Board
In 2025, the Board met six times for its regular meetings, 
including for its three-day annual strategic meeting held in 
June. All meetings were held in person. From time to time, 
even if the meeting is held in person, a hybrid setting may be 
exceptionally organized to allow the attendance by video 
conference of one or more Board members who would not 
be able to travel or otherwise attend in person (e.g. for health 
reasons). The attendance rate of its members for its regular 
meetings was as follows: 
Attendance rate
Jonathan Peacock Chair  100% 
Charles-Antoine Janssen Vice Chair  100% 
Jean-Christophe Tellier Executive Director  100% 
Jan Berger  100% 
Maëlys Castella  100% 
Kay Davies  100% 
Stef Heylen  100% 
Nefertiti Greene  100% 
Pierre L. Gurdjian  100% 
Cyril Janssen  100% 
Cédric van Rijckevorsel  100% 
Rodolfo Savitzky  100% 
Dolca Thomas  100% 
Ulf Wiinberg  83% 
* Composition as from AGM April 24, 2025. Attendance rate with 
respect to Stef Heylen calculated from July 2025, following his 
appointment by the AGM of April 24, 2025.
Meetings
On top of its regular meetings, the Board also met via shorter 
ad hoc videoconference calls to review and/or decide on 
specific projects or urgent matters. The Board also had a few 
informal sessions to reflect on specific themes or matters 
(e.g. training on NIS2, follow up on the new U.S. 
administration approach and impact, assets review) as the 
case may be with external speakers to enhance the 
experience and/or to provide an outside perspective. 
During 2025, the Board’s main areas of discussion, review 
and decisions included:
• The strategy of UCB and the overall supervision of its 
implementation by the Management, including 
sustainability matters and the integration of sustainability 
into the overall ambition and activities of the Company, the 
long-term innovation strategy, and manufacturing 
capabilities.
• The overall strategy of the Company, including the Digital 
and AI strategy.
• The monitoring of the performance of the company in the 
particular context of an intense growth phase and the 
multiple launches of BIMZELX®, ZILBRYSQ®, RYSTIGGO®, 
FINTEPLA® and the continued growth of EVENITY® and 
BRIVIACT® in multiple jurisdictions. 
• The monitoring of the geopolitical context, including the 
potential impact of U.S. Tariff and Most Favored Nation 
(MFN) pricing  on the activities of the Company.
• Oversight of manufacturing and supply chain activities, 
especially in the context of the growth phase and looking 
forward to a decade plus of growth, including product 
quality, with a focus on supply chain and manufacturing 
resilience, amongst others, through the contemplated 
building of a manufacturing site in the United States. 
• The adoption of the 2025 Remuneration Policy.
• Financial and non-financial reporting and communication 
to the market, including the update of the guidance.
• Resource, cash and CapEx allocation and annual budget.
• Innovation and R&D portfolio review and strategy.
• Board and Executive Committee succession planning and 
changes.
• Business Development and M&A projects.
• Culture and leadership
• Ethical business practices.
• Risk management (including ESG-related risks) and 
cybersecurity, especially in the context of the 
implementation of the Network and Information Security 
Directive 2 (NIS2).
In accordance with its governance rules, the Board also held 
two executive sessions in 2025 (i.e. sessions in the absence of 
the CEO, the only executive Board member), one in June and 
another one in December. 
There were no transactions or contractual relationships in 
2025 between UCB, including its affiliated companies, and a 
member of the Board, giving rise to conflicts of interest, 
except as reported in section 3.13.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 137
3.4 Board of Directors and Board committees continued

[page 138]
Oversight of IT and cybersecurity at the Board
The general oversight of the Digital and IT strategy as well as 
cybersecurity oversight is part of the Board’s mission. The 
implementation of the strategy and plans are the responsibility 
of Management. Every year, the Board, and its Audit Committee 
in particular, have specific sessions dedicated to Digital /IT 
and cybersecurity strategies and operations in the presence 
of the Chief Digital & Technology Officer and the Head of IT 
security. The overall cybersecurity strategy, its implementation 
and the resources allocated thereto are reviewed and 
discussed with the Board and its Audit Committee. Digital 
transformation and strategy are also fully embedded in the 
overall strategy of UCB, as defined by the Board, upon 
proposal of the Executive Committee. In 2025, the review of 
the cybersecurity strategy and operations with the Board also 
focused on and included a review of the impact and of the 
implementation at group level of the Network and Information 
Security (NIS2) Directive. A Board of Directors NIS2 training 
has been  organized in the course of 2025 for the first time. 
The NIS2 compliance will be reviewed annually at group level. 
Assessment of the Board
In accordance with its Charter (section 3.5), the Board is to 
conduct an assessment on a regular basis and at least every 
other year. The Chair of the GNCC is responsible for 
conducting the Board effectiveness assessment process and 
for reporting the results to the Board. A full assessment was 
conducted in November 2025. Such assessment was 
facilitated by an independent third party. The results of the 
assessment  concluded that the Board is a high-performing, 
mature and forward-looking governing body, combining 
strategic acumen, disciplined governance and a strong 
culture of trust, standing among the top tier of boards in its 
sector, consistently demonstrating professionalism, cohesion 
and long-term focus. The evaluation confirmed that the 
emphasis for the next stage is not corrective but 
developmental — continuing to fine-tune Board effectiveness, 
future-proof Board composition and strengthen agility in an 
increasingly complex environment.
Honorary directors
The Board has nominated following directors as honorary 
directors:
• Karel Boone, Honorary Chair
• Evelyn du Monceau, Honorary Chair
• Mark Eyskens, Honorary Chair
• Georges Jacobs de Hagen, Honorary Chair
• Daniel Janssen, Honorary Deputy Chair
• Gerhard Mayr, Honorary Chair
• Prince Lorenz of Belgium
• Alan Blinken
• Alice Dautry
• Arnoud de Pret
• Roch Doliveux
• Peter Fellner
• Guy Keutgen
• Jean-Pierre Kinet
• Tom McKillop
• Gaëtan van de Werve
• Jean-Louis Vanherweghem
• Bridget van Rijckevorsel
• Norman J. Ornstein
• Albrecht De Graeve
3.4.2 Board committees
Audit Committee
The Board has set up an Audit Committee whose functioning 
and terms of reference are in accordance with the BCCA, the 
2020 Code and the Charter. It is composed of a majority of 
independent directors, all non-executive Directors, and is 
chaired by Rodolfo Savitzky, since his appointment as 
independent director by the AGM of 2024. All members have 
the competencies in audit and accounting matters as 
required by article 7:99 of the BCCA. 
During 2025, the Audit Committee was composed as follows:
End of term of 
office
Independent 
Director
Attendance 
rate
Rodolfo Savitzky Chair 2028 x  100 %
Maëlys Castella 2027 x  100 %
Cédric van 
Rijckevorsel 2026  100 %
* Composition as from AGM April 24, 2025
Meetings 
The Audit Committee met four times in 2025. Each Audit 
Committee meeting includes separate private sessions 
attended solely by the internal and external auditors 
respectively without executive or management presence. As 
necessary, the external auditors attended all or part of each 
Audit Committee meeting. The meetings of the Audit 
Committee were held in-person in 2025. 
The Audit Committee meetings were also attended wholly or 
partially by Jonathan Peacock (Chair of the Board), Jean-
Christophe Tellier (Executive Director and CEO), Sandrine 
Dufour (Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer), 
Thomas Debeys (Head of Global Internal Audit), Caroline 
Vancoillie (Head of Group Finance), Denelle Waynick 
Johnson (Head of Ethics and Legal Affairs) and Xavier Michel 
(Group Secretary General), who acts as secretary of the Audit 
Committee. Other members of management and staff joined 
as appropriate, depending on the topics addressed during the 
meetings.
In 2025, and in accordance with its terms of reference (see 
the Charter available on the UCB website), the Audit 
Committee monitored the financial reporting process 
(including the financial statements and communication to the 
market). The Audit Committee also focused on the 
compliance and internal control environment; the enterprise 
risk management process and its effectiveness; the internal 
audit plan and achievement, and the effectiveness of the 
global internal audit function; the independence of the 
External Auditor including the provision of additional services 
to UCB (which the Audit Committee reviewed and for which 
it authorized the fees); the statutory audit of the half-year/
annual and consolidated accounts; the evolution of the tax 
environment and its potential impact on UCB.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 138
3.4 Board of Directors and Board committees continued

[page 139]
Governance, Nomination and Compensation Committee
The Board has set up a Governance, Nomination and 
Compensation Committee (the “GNCC”), whose 
composition, functioning and terms of reference are in 
accordance with the BCCA, the 2020 Code and the Charter. 
During 2025, the GNCC was composed as follows:
End of term 
of office
Independent 
Director
Attendance 
rate
Kay Davies Chair 2026 X  100 %
Charles-Antoine 
Janssen 2028  100 %
Pierre L. Gurdjian 2028 X  100 %
Ulf Wiinberg 2028 X  75 %
Nefertiti Greene 2028 X  100 %
* Composition as from AGM April 24, 2025
Further to Kay Davies's expected departure at the end of the 
AGM 2026, Nefertiti Greene will replace her as Chair of the 
GNCC.
Meetings 
The GNCC met four times in 2025 for its regular meetings in 
February, July, October and December. The committee was 
attended by Jonathan Peacock (Chair of the Board), Jean-
Christophe Tellier (Executive Director and CEO), except when 
discussing issues relating to him, and by Jean-Luc Fleurial 
(Executive Vice President - Chief Human Resources Officer), 
who has been acting as secretary of the GNCC, except when 
discussing issues relating to him and to the Executive Director 
and CEO compensation. The meetings of the GNCC were 
held in person. A majority of the members of the GNCC is 
independent, including its Chair, and meets the 
independence criteria stipulated by the 2020 Code and the 
Board. All members have the competencies and the expertise 
in matters of remuneration policies as required by article 
7:100, §2 BCCA. The GNCC also met via shorter ad hoc 
meetings (sometimes in a hybrid or virtual format) to review 
and/or decide on specific projects or urgent matters. 
In 2025, and in accordance with its terms of reference (see 
the Charter available on the UCB website), the main areas of 
focus for the GNCC were the following: 
• Review and recommendations with respect to the 
appointments (renewals)  to be submitted to Board 
approval. 
• Review of the performance of the Executive Committee 
members and of their remuneration and related 
recommendations to the Board. The GNCC reviewed and 
submitted for Board approval the remuneration report 
2024, the short-term and long-term incentives to be 
granted to the management (including the CEO) and the 
performance criteria, KPIs and targets to which these 
grants and bonuses were linked, as well as definition of the 
Group LTI plan’s main terms and conditions. The GNCC 
also presented a recommendation in view of the adoption 
of the 2025 Remuneration Policy.
• Succession planning for the members of the Board, the 
Executive Committee and senior executives. This included 
relevant proposals or recommendations to the Board with 
respect to the future composition of the Board and of its 
committees, to be effective as of approval by the General 
Meeting of April 30, 2026 (see above). 
• Review and monitoring of evolutions in corporate 
governance standards and legislation, including a review of 
the main outcomes and feedback from the 2025 AGM 
voting as well as the Governance & Sustainable 
Performance roadshows organized with investors in March 
and November 2025.
• A full  assessment of the Board performance was carried out 
in the last quarter of the year (see above for further details). 
Scientific Committee
The Scientific Committee assists the Board in its review of the 
quality of UCB’s R&D science and its competitive standing. 
The Scientific Committee is composed of members who 
have scientific and medical expertise and who are all 
independent. 
During 2025, the Scientific Committee was composed 
as follows:
End of term of 
office
Independent 
Director
Attendance 
rate
Kay Davies Chair 2026 X  100 %
Stef Heylen 2029  50 %
Dolca Thomas 2028 X  100 %
* Composition as from AGM April 24, 2025. Attendance rate with 
respect to Stef Heylen calculated as from July 2025, following his 
appointment to the Scientific Committee. Prior commitments limited 
his availability for all meetings.
After Susan Gasser's departure from the Board at the end of 
the 2026 AGM, the Scientific Committee was composed of 
three members, with Stef Heylen joining the Scientific 
Committee in the course of 2025. In anticipation of Kay 
Davies's expected departure at the end of the AGM 2026, 
Fiona Powrie (appointed as independent director by the 2025 
AGM) joined the Scientific Committee as of January 1, 2026.
Meetings
The Committee meets regularly with Alistair Henry, UCB’s 
Chief Scientific Officer  and Jean-Christophe Tellier (CEO). 
The members of the Scientific Committee are also closely 
involved in the activities of UCB’s Scientific Advisory Boards 
(SAB) composed of external leading scientific medical experts 
(usually two meetings per year). The SABs, composed of ad 
hoc experts, provide scientific appraisal and strategic input in 
their area of expertise as to the best way for UCB to become 
a more robust and thriving biopharmaceutical leader, and to 
advise the Executive Committee on the strategic choices 
related to early-stage R&D. Furthermore, one of the Scientific 
Committee’s main tasks is to report to the Board on the SAB’s 
appraisal of UCB’s research activities and strategic 
orientations. In 2025, two in-person SAB meetings took place. 
The subject matters of these meetings focused on 
establishing principles and a roadmap for a sustainable early 
development pipeline, enhancing clinical development 
efficiency, and optimizing asset maximization.
Throughout the year, the members of the Scientific 
Committee continued to meet regularly with Alistair Henry, 
UCB’s Chief Scientific Officer , to maintain continuous 
engagement and dialogue on the science and early pipeline.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 139
3.4 Board of Directors and Board committees continued

[page 140]
3.5 Executive Committee
Composition of the Executive Committee
In 2025, the Executive Committee was composed as follows:
• Jean-Christophe Tellier: Chief Executive Officer & Chair of 
the Executive Committee
• Emmanuel Caeymaex: Executive Vice President  
• Kirsten Lund-Jurgensen: Executive Vice President 
• Jean-Luc Fleurial: Executive Vice President
• Sandrine Dufour: Executive Vice President
• Denelle J. Waynick Johnson: Executive Vice President
• Alistair Henry: Executive Vice President
• Fiona du Monceau: Executive Vice President
For the biographies of the Executive Committee at 
December 31, 2025, please refer to the UCB’s Management 
section of the 2025 Integrated Annual Report.
The composition of the Executive Committee reflects the ways 
of working of the group and is aimed at fostering agility, cross-
collaboration and the transversal dimension of the 
organization. 
Xavier Michel, Group Secretary General, acts as the secretary 
of the Executive Committee, ensuring the link between the 
Board of Directors, the Executive Committee and the broader 
organization.
Honorary Chairs of the Executive Committee
The following persons have been nominated as honorary 
Chair of the Executive Committee:
• Roch Doliveux
• Georges Jacobs de Hagen
• Daniel Janssen
Functioning of the Executive Committee
The Executive Committee met on a regular basis with an 
average of one to two days a month in 2025. The members 
of the Executive Committee also hold informal meetings on a 
regular basis, and at least once a week. 
There were no transactions or contractual relationships in 
2025 between UCB, including its affiliates, and a member of 
the Executive Committee that could lead to a conflict of 
interest.
The functioning, competences and authority of the Executive 
Committee are further described in the Charter.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 140


[page 141]
3.6 Sustainability Governance
UCB’s sustainability ambition is embedded in the overall 
strategy of UCB as defined by the Board, upon proposal of 
the Executive Committee. Sustainability is considered to be a 
matter for the full Board (strategy) and, for this reason, no 
specific sustainability committee has been created within the 
Board. The Board of Directors defines and maintains 
oversight of the organization’s strategy including sustainability 
matters and sustainability-related risks, following proposals 
from the Executive Committee. Environmental and social 
topics have been formally integrated into the Board’s agenda 
following the review of the UCB Charter. The Board confirms 
the inclusion of the sustainability information in the global 
reporting framework upon proposal of the Audit Committee. 
Currently, four members of the Board have extended 
experience and expertise in ESG/sustainability matters. Such 
expertise is assessed based on their own professional 
experience. To ensure access to sustainability expertise for all 
members of the Board, several sessions on sustainability are 
organized every year with the full Board, including one 
session with the External Sustainability Advisory Board. 
The GNCC provides guidance and oversight on the 
remuneration criteria for executive management and 
recommends sustainability KPIs to be integrated to 
remuneration plans. The GNCC ensures that an appropriate 
governance is in place at Board and Executive Committee 
level to oversee material environmental and social topics. It 
advises and assists the Board in integrating social and 
environmental experience/skills criteria in Board member 
recruitment/renewal process and in the Board assessment 
process, and ensures that the Board members have access to 
necessary sustainability expertise and knowledge. 
The Audit Committee oversees the extra-financial reporting 
framework, quality and processes, and supervises 
sustainability-related risk management framework and 
processes. The Audit Committee has additional 
responsibilities, as reflected in the Charter, under the 
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). UCB falls 
under the scope of companies mandated to adhere to the 
CSRD guidelines and, in this context, the Audit Committee is 
also in charge of monitoring the effectiveness of the 
company’s internal control, risk management systems and 
internal audit functions relating to sustainability matters, as 
well as the assurance of the annual sustainability reporting, 
and to inform the Board of the outcome of the assurance of 
sustainability reporting.
The Executive Committee serves as the strategic link between 
the Board and operations, overseeing the implementation of 
the strategy – including sustainability matters – endorsed by 
the Board, and has direct accountability for social and 
environmental aspects of sustainable performance. Each 
Executive Committee member is a sponsor of one of the 
seven strategic sustainability material topics (Scientific 
innovation, Equitable access to medicines, Patient 
engagement, Health, safety and wellbeing, Inclusion, Health 
of the planet and Ethical business practices). They collaborate 
with internal experts on the topics to improve UCB’s social 
and environmental impact and regularly present progress 
updates (including progress toward targets) to the entire 
Executive Committee.
UCB also has an External Sustainability Advisory Board (ESAB), 
composed of a mix of external international experts in 
sustainability, who can inspire, as well as challenge and advise 
on the sustainability dimension of UCB’s strategy and results 
and provide an “outside-in” perspective. The ESAB is 
scheduled to meet three times per year and the Executive 
Committee participates in such meetings. Board members 
have access to the meetings of the ESAB and at least two 
members of the Board participate in each of these  meetings. 
Additionally, a half-day session is organized every year and 
was scheduled in October 2025 where the full Board was 
together with the full ESAB. The members of this external 
advisory board are currently (i) Ms. Sandrine Dixson-Declève 
(Former President-Club of Rome and Executive Chair of 
Earth4All), (ii) Ms. Charlotte Ersbøll (Trustee Forum for the 
Future), (iii) Mr. Michael Manganiello (President and CEO at 
Pyxis Partners) and (iv) Mr. Bright Simons (Founder and 
President mPedigree). Mr. Elhadj As Sy and Ms. Teresa 
Fogelberg served as members of the ESAB during 2025 and 
participated in all three meetings held throughout the year. 
Following the renewal of the ESAB’s composition, their 
mandates have been concluded.
A report of the ESAB is presented to the Board of Directors of 
UCB on an annual basis. The report that relates to their 
interaction with UCB in 2025 was shared with the Board of 
UCB in February 2026. 
To further enhance the Board’s social and environmental 
expertise and guarantee that appropriate skills and expertise 
are available or will be developed to oversee sustainability 
matters, a customized program, focusing on UCB strategic 
material topics has been developed, and a first session was 
held in December 2025.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 141


[page 142]
3.7 Diversity at Board and Executive Committee level
This section includes the information required pursuant to 
articles 3:32, §2 and 3:6, §2, 6° of the BCCA.
Diversity at Board and Executive Committee level is part of 
the overall inclusion ambition of UCB, as described in the 
Inclusion section of this report and to which it is expressly 
referred.
Diversity at the Board level
For the Board of Directors, the legal requirements applicable 
in Belgium in terms of gender diversity have been followed 
and have been integrated into the Board recruitment and 
nomination process. When replacements or appointments 
for the Board are considered, UCB systematically takes into 
account how it will enhance diversity of the Board.
At the end of 2025, the Board was made up of 14 members 
of which 5 are women and 9 are men, with 7 nationalities 
represented (see also above). 
Building on and integrating the feedback from our 
stakeholders, details of the skills diversity, as well as the 
specific geographic expertise of the Board members, are 
included in the Integrated Annual Report. Beyond gender 
diversity, UCB’s Board always strives to keep a balanced mix 
of diversity in terms of skills, experience, geographical 
expertise, nationality, age, independence, tenure as well as 
any other relevant criterion. These diversity dimensions are 
also included in the succession planning and hiring process 
managed by the GNCC. The composition of the Board can 
be visualized as follows: 
Board skill distribution
Core industry experience
10
Business leadership and strategy
14
Finance, accounting and risk
6
Sustainability and ESG
4
Specific geographic expertise (Europe, U.S., Asia)
 
n Europe 12
n Asia 6
n U.S. 10
Nationality
7 countries
3 5 1 1 1 2 1
n American (U.S.) n Belgian n British
n British/American (U.S.) n Danish/Swedish/American (U.S.)
n French n Mexican/Swiss
Age
Average: 62
8 3 3
n >60 n >55 n >50 n <50
Tenure
Average: 7
1 6 2 5
n >12 Years n <12 Years n <8 Years n <4 Years
Gender
9 5
n Men n Women
Status
64% 36%
n Independent n Non-independent
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 142


[page 143]
Diversity at the Executive Committee level 
For our Executive Committee roles, we monitor the talent 
pipeline from a diversity perspective, ensuring a robust and 
diverse succession plan is in place, and any recommendations 
for future composition are made firmly on this basis. 
Generally, and in relation to succession planning for 
UCB leaders in relation to diversity, focus is on simulating 
gender balance scenarios and ensuring a well-rounded 
senior leadership pipeline that has been exposed to diverse 
professional and cultural experiences. The Executive 
Committee members have also embarked with other leaders 
on a multi-step program to address bias and develop inclusive 
teams and leadership. Generally, key HR process (including 
in recruitment and reward) have been reviewed to ensure 
diversity, equity and inclusion principles are embedded in 
the process and systems.
Today, UCB’s executives come from diverse educational and 
multi-disciplinary professional backgrounds. Since July 2024, 
the committee has been made up of 8 members of which 4 
are women and 4 are men, with 5 nationalities represented.
At December 31, 2025, the diversity characteristics for the 
Executive Committee can be visualized as follows: 
• The size of the Executive Committee is designed to focus 
on the Company’s core activity areas with agility, allowing 
UCB to further evolve its patient value strategy.
• The approach today is not to formalize diversity, equity and 
inclusion in a set of policies, but to actively promote a 
culture and practice of diversity, equity and inclusion. 
• To learn more about diversity, equity and inclusion in 
general at UCB, refer to the Inclusion section.
Nationality
5 countries
1 2 1 3 1
n American (U.S.) n Belgian n British
n French n German
Age
Average: 58
3 4 1
n >60 n >55 n <55
Tenure
Average: 5
2 3 3
n >10 Years n <10 Years n <5 Years
Gender
4 4
n Men n Women
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 143
3.7 Diversity at Board and Executive Committee level continued

[page 144]
3.8 Remuneration Report
2025 performance highlights
2025 was a year of strategic progress, disciplined execution, 
a n d  r e s i l i e n t  p e r f o r m a n c e   f o r  U C B .  W e  c o n t i n u e d  t o  a d v a n c e  
our long-term growth ambition while navigating a volatile 
macro-economic and geopolitical landscape. The 
achievements outlined below directly shaped the 
remuneration outcomes for the CEO and Executive 
Committee and are underscored by a strong alignment 
between performance and reward. 
UCB delivered another year of strong financial and 
operational momentum, driven by continued focus on its five 
key growth drivers - BIMZELX®, FINTEPLA®, RYSTIGGO®, 
ZILBRYSQ® and EVENITY®. These medicines continued to 
show robust performance, contributing to double-digit 
revenue growth, while patient share grew strongly across 
core therapeutic areas. The Corporate Performance Multiplier 
which funds bonus payouts based on adjusted EBITDA 
outcomes, exceeded target, supported by revenue outcomes 
above expectations and resilient operating performance. 
In terms of value for patients, UCB continued a wave of 
launches across various geographies, demonstrating 
meaningful progress in bringing innovative solutions to 
people living with severe diseases. We had solid successes in 
securing reimbursement across various markets, ensuring 
that patients could access our innovative treatments, while 
facing evolving payer dynamics. We also achieved a 
significant number of reimbursement decisions with timing 
ahead of industry standards, reflecting our commitment to 
m a i n t a i n i n g  v a l u e  w h i l e  m a x i m i z i n g  p a t i e n t  a c c e s s .    
UCB strengthened its culture and capabilities by advancing 
e m p l o y e e  d e v e l o p m e n t ,  w e l l - b e i n g ,  s a f e t y  a n d  i n c l u s i o n ,  
while deepening leadership connectivity across the 
organization. At the same time, a strong commitment to 
accelerating our environmental ambitions led to an 
improvement in the environmental profile of our assets, we 
advanced our low carbon approach to clinical trial 
operations, and progressed towards our CO₂e Net Zero goals 
t h r o u g h  t a r g e t e d  e m i s s i o n - r e d u c t i o n  a c t i o n s  a n d  s u p p l i e r  
engagement.
Taken together, these achievements demonstrate UCB’s 
continued ability to execute its strategy, invest for future 
growth, expand patient impact and maintain discipline, in line 
with our sustainable performance mindset. 
In this report we reflect on 2025 and how our performance 
influenced our Executive remuneration outcomes. 
AGM and Stakeholder Engagement
We are very pleased by the strong foundation of shareholder 
support, reflected in the positive voting outcomes for our 
2024 remuneration report (95.59%), and the 2025 
remuneration policy (96.07%) at the 2025 AGM, reflecting  
high levels of endorsement for the critical enhancements 
introduced, as UCB transforms as a company and enters a 
decade of growth.
Throughout 2025, we continued an open and constructive 
dialogue with many of our investors and with proxy advisors 
to understand their priorities, gather feedback on our 
practices, and discuss the evolution of our remuneration 
approach.
As UCB accelerates its transformation and strengthens its 
position for sustained growth, these discussions helped shape 
our emerging remuneration priorities and ensure a robust, 
f u t u r e - p r o o f  f o u n d a t i o n .
In 2026, we are not making any material changes to the 
Remuneration Policy, following the important changes made 
in 2025, and are confident that the policy remains valid for 
2026. (see “Remuneration Policy – Looking Ahead” section 
below).
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 144


[page 145]
2025 remuneration outcomes at a glance 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 145
3.8 Remuneration Report continued
Fixed Remuneration
Annual base salary levels are set to attract and retain 
executives of high caliber, reflecting their role and 
responsibilities, while evolving in line with performance, 
skills and experience as well as market movements.
Annual Base Salary (ABS)
One-Year Variable (Bonus)
Variable (cash) short-term incentive (STI) tied to specific financial and extra-financial targets derived from the company’s 
(annual) strategic plan, driving focus on short-term business critical goals and desired leadership behaviors, with a view to 
fuelling long-term growth.
Performance criteria (CEO payout)
The CPM reached the maximum level for the CEO and Executive Committee (and broader organization) and Individual 
Goals for the CEO were also achieved above target.
1. Policy transition year: Bonus target for CEO has been increased from 90% to 100% as of April 2025 following AGM approval of the new policy 
(effective bonus target of 97.5% of ABS for 2025), Maximum bonus for 2025 is therefore 171% of ABS, and maximum payout was achieved.
2. Bonus payable in March 2026 based on 2025 performance, calculated on ABS at end of 2025. Bonus outcome not to be compared to actual 
salary received during 2025 and reported elsewhere in this report (which includes salary pre and post merit increase on March 1).
3. For the other members of the Executive Committee, this figure represents the average IPM multiplied with the CPM and applied to the target.
Target opportunity1 
(as % of ABS)
Maximum grant 
opportunity (as % of ABS)1
2025 Short-Term Incentive 
payout (as % of ABS)23
CEO
Jean-Christophe Tellier 100% 171% 171%
€2 399 907
Other Members of the Executive 
Committee 65% 113.75% 112.6%
€ 5 408 701
€ 1 399 711
CEO
Jean-Christophe 
Tellier
€ 4 725 659
Other Members 
of the Executive 
Committee
Maximum
150%
Target
100%
0%
Maximum
175%
Target
100%
0%
Corporate Performance Multiplier (CPM): Adj. EBITDA
CEO Overall STI Payout (CPM x IPM): Including Individual Objectives

[page 146]
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 146
3.8 Remuneration Report continued
Long-Term incentive (LTI)
Variable equity incentive aim to foster a sense of ownership and shared success of the company. 
Achievement is tied to targets reflecting long-term stakeholder value creation, enhancing retention while driving outcomes through a strong pay-for-performance alignment.
As from 2025 the new remuneration policy applies whereby for the CEO a target of 370% has been set and for the other Executive Committee members the target can range between 90% 
and 300% depending on role and profile. The vesting which occurred in 2025, as well as the the upcoming vesting in 2026, shown below, were based on the previous remuneration policy 
where the target of the CEO was 140% and 80% of ABS for the Executive Committee respectively.  
LTI target 
(as % of ABS)
2025 Performance 
Share Plan Vesting 
(2022 award)
Maximum opportunity
ex. share price evolution
(as % of ABS)1
Long-Term Incentive 
Vested Value in 202523
CEO
Jean-Christophe Tellier 140% 100%
Payout 315% 482%
€6,753,068
Other Members of the Executive Committee
80% 100%
Payout
162% N/A
€6,405,270
Maximum
150%
Target
100%
0%
Target
100%
0%
2022-2024 Performance Share Plan Vested in 2025
2023-2025 Performance Share Plan Vesting April 1, 2026
1. LTI target plus potential individual performance multiplier at grant of +50% and maximum pay-out of the performance share plan of 150% (policy pre-2025).
2. Ratio for Other Executive Committee members not meaningful due to changes in the Committee composition  between time of grant and vest 
3. Value reported subject to share price evolution between grant and vesting, as well as achievement of performance conditions in the Performance Share Plan
Maximum
150%


[page 147]
Highlights 2025 Remuneration Policy 
The Remuneration Policy 2025 had several significant 
updates compared to the previous policy. These changes 
reflect UCB's substantial transformation in both global reach 
and performance, positioning the company for a decade of 
growth and reinforcing our status as a global leader in 
immunology and neurology.
As UCB’s business has become more complex and its 
international footprint has expanded, the need for a Board 
and Executive team with deep, global experience has grown. 
The changes to the remuneration policy — presented to and 
approved by our shareholders — were essential to ensure 
UCB remains competitive with top-tier companies. This is 
critical for attracting and retaining exceptional global talent 
capable of driving long-term value creation for all 
stakeholders.
While UCB offers a compelling value proposition, competitive 
compensation remains a key factor in securing a diverse, 
high-caliber leadership team with a proven track record of 
impact. The revised policy highlights include:
• Global Peer Group 
A new Global Peer Group was developed with the support 
of external consultants (WTW) and considers key criteria 
such as geographic alignment, industry relevance, our 
competitors for key roles, innovation-centric peers, 
company size and complexity. The updated Peer Group 
aims to mirror UCB's unique profile as a mature biopharma 
that is fast-growing and dynamic, as well as reflecting our 
specific market for global talents, including companies 
present in the U.S., an important market for UCB with a 
significant talent pool. 
• Board Remuneration Evolution
To reflect UCB's positioning against the updated Peer 
Group, adjustments were made to the remuneration policy 
of our Non-Executive Directors. The goal was to align, at a 
minimum, to European biopharma levels, while allowing us 
to attract talents from outside Europe, if they have a profile 
that would complement the Board. Our Board consists of 
around a third of U.S. members, and U.S. and global 
expertise is increasingly important for UCB so it is key to be 
competitive for these profiles. The evolution of 
remuneration also takes into account the evolving roles of 
Board members, which are becoming more complex 
during this pivotal phase for UCB. 
The Board remuneration changes include the following: 
• Board annual retainer: increase in levels for Chair of the 
Board, Vice Chair and Directors to target at least the 25th 
percentile of the Global Peer Group.
• Board attendance fees: removal of the fees allows for a 
simplified approach that reflects year-round 
responsibilities and contributions rather than attendance 
at meetings solely. 
• Committee annual retainer: Increase of the fees for the 
Scientific Committee members as this committee 
requires an exceptional time commitment compared to 
our other committees and provides essential contributions 
to our ability to drive innovation and future success. 
• Introduction of shareholding guidelines for our Board 
members: to further align their interests to those of 
shareholders, in the spirit of the Belgian 2020 Corporate 
Governance Code (the "2020 Code"). Non-executive 
directors should invest in UCB shares equivalent to 1/3rd 
of annual retainer fee (after tax) in each of the first 3 
years after appointment. Once the holding level is 
reached, shares will be held until at least one year after 
the end of the mandate. 
• Changes to CEO and Executive Remuneration approach
The remuneration approach for our CEO and Executive 
Committee was revised to better reflect practices in the 
market in which we operate, with a specific focus on long-
term performance and value creation. 
The following changes were made:
• Removal of Board fees for Executive Directors, which 
were historically paid on top of the remuneration 
received as an Executive, to better align with global 
market practice.
• Annual bonus: Increase target annual bonus from 90% 
to 100% of base salary for CEO to ensure appropriate 
competitive positioning of total remuneration versus the 
Global Peer Group.
• Reduce the Individual Performance Multiplier that 
recognizes individual objectives from a maximum of 
175% to 150% to balance the individual payout 
opportunity with that of the corporate performance 
multiplier (the overall bonus maximum of 175% of base 
salary remains unchanged). 
• Long-term incentives: Below updates have been made 
to ensure clearer and market-aligned levels that also 
drive stronger alignment between executives and 
sustainable shareholder value creation.
• CEO: target LTI increased to 370% of base salary and 
removal of multiplier feature (compared to a previous 
LTI target of 140% of base salary and an opportunity to 
apply a performance multiplier of up to +50%).
• Executive Committee members: target LTI increased 
to between 90%-300% of base salary, depending on 
role and profile, and removal of multiplier feature 
(previous target LTI of 80% of base salary with up to 
+50%  performance multiplier). 
• For our CEO and Executive Committee, the emphasis 
on Performance Shares was increased in the LTI mix 
(from 70% to 80%), reducing the proportion in Stock 
Options (from 30% to 20%).
• Shareholding requirements: increased shareholding 
requirement for the CEO to 300% of gross base salary 
(from 150%) and to 100% for Executive Committee 
Members (from 50%), to further align with shareholder 
interests. 
We believe that these policy updates enhance our ability to 
attract and retain global talents that can help us deliver long-
term value to our stakeholders, and better align to best 
remuneration policy practices in our sector. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 147
3.8 Remuneration Report continued

[page 148]
Application of remuneration policy
The remuneration policy for UCB’s Executive Committee 
Members and Non-Executive Directors was reviewed and 
validated by the GNCC on February 25, 2025 and approved 
by the Board of Directors on February 26, 2025. The policy 
was adopted during the General Meeting of Shareholders on 
April 24, 2025 and became effective as of January 1, 2025. 
Pay decisions for the CEO and the Executive Committee 
considered the following factors:
• The company’s performance against both short- and long-
term goals.
• Individual and collective contributions.
• Our reward philosophy, as applied to the wider workforce.
All 2025 related remuneration decisions were taken in 
accordance with our approved remuneration policy. The key 
recommendations for the CEO and Executive Committee 
made to the UCB Board by the Governance, Nomination and 
Compensation Committee (GNCC) were as follows:
• Annual bonus outcomes were determined in reference to 
performance against objectives and the GNCC’s 
assessment of the CEO and Executive Committee 
members’ levels of performance.
• Corporate objectives Corporate performance linked to 
shareholder value creation, the Corporate Performance 
Multiplier, determined by our 2025 adjusted EBITDA 
performance reached maximum payout level (150%), 
thanks to excellence in execution, strong launches and 
continued cost management.
• Individual objectives 
• As part of the CEO’s individual goals, shareholder value 
goals represented by financial targets were significantly 
exceeded, notably revenue which outpaced our 
expectations. Cashflow was also positively impacted. 
• For 2025 targets relating to patient value, measured by 
access and pipeline progress goals, we performed 
slightly below target. 
• Goals relating to our people and to the planet were met. 
Other personal goals were also met, including culture, 
leadership, succession planning for critical roles and external 
engagement. with key stakeholders. 
These achievements resulted in an overall bonus payment 
above target for the CEO following the Individual 
Performance Multiplier recommended by the GNCC, and 
combined with the application of the maximum Corporate 
Performance Multiplier (which reached maximum levels at 
150%). See Annual Remuneration Outcomes, Variable 
Remuneration section below, for more information.
The 2022-2024 Performance Share Plan (that vested in April 
2025) had three performance metrics:
Performance against both financial measures (i.e., Adjusted 
Cumulative Operating Cashflow and Compounded Annual 
Revenue Growth) significantly exceeded target. 
The stretched target set in 2022 for 2024 for our patient 
access metric was not fully met. 
Overall, the plan was due to vest above 100%; however, as 
agreed with our shareholders when re-stating the plan 
targets, the payout was capped at 100% for the CEO and 
Executive Committee
The 2023-2025 Performance Share Plan (due to vest in April 
2026 based on 2023-2025 performance, to be fully reported 
with vesting values in the 2026 Remuneration Report). This 
plan had 5 metrics:
Performance against both financial measures (i.e. Revenue 
and Adjusted EBITDA ratio) exceeded targets. 
The three non-financial metrics were: Patient Access, 
Scientific innovation and Inclusion. 
• The target for patient access was not fully met due to 
some delays in pricing negotiations to secure the long-
term value of our products. 
• For scientific innovation the target was exceeded. 
• Our KPI linked to gender balance at executive levels, which 
was a goal established in our 2023-2025 plan, linked to 
equitable representation in our leadership, came very close 
to reaching our aspirations to represent the society in 
which we operate and patients that we serve. 
See below in 2025 Remuneration Outcomes (for targets and 
related achievements).
Stock Options vested in 2025, with the reported value on the 
applicable date of vesting, for the CEO and  the Executive 
Committee, shared later in this report. The values reported 
represent the number of options originally granted multiplied 
by the incremental increase in the share price between the 
date of grant and date of vesting (as detailed further in this 
report).
Remuneration Policy - Looking ahead
For 2026 no material changes are being made to the 
remuneration policy.  
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 148
3.8 Remuneration Report continued

[page 149]
Total Remuneration
In total remuneration, we place a strong focus on total direct compensation (base salary plus bonus and Long-Term 
Incentives). The total direct compensation mix at target level places a higher weight on variable elements.
Application of Remuneration Policy in 2025
It is important to note that 2025 was a year of policy transition for UCB. The outcomes described below for 2025 include an 
application of both the previous and the new remuneration policy 2025. The LTI vesting values represent grants made under 
the previous policy. The board remuneration was also updated as from the Annual General Meeting 2025.
Executive Committee
1. Executive Committee total remuneration
The total remuneration package of the Executive Committee members consists of the following elements that is further 
outlined below:
The CEO and Executive Committee target total direct 
compensation mix is as follows:
 
n Salary 30%
n Bonus 29%
n LTI 41%
 
n Salary  41 %
n Bonus  26 %
n LTI  33 %
The pay for performance impact can be illustrated as follows 
for the CEO and is described in more detail below: 
Maximum
On target performance
Minimum
n Base Salary n Variable Pay
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 149
3.8 Remuneration Report continued
Fixed Remuneration Variable Remuneration Other
Base 
salary
Fees1
Other 
benefits
One-Year 
Variable 
(Bonus)
Multi-Year 
Variable
(LTI)
Extraordinary 
items
Pension
Expense
CEO
Executive 
Committee
1. As of April 24, 2025 no Board fees are due to Executive Directors (i.e. the CEO)

[page 150]
2. Peer Group and competitive positioning 
UCB has shifted in 2025 from a European Peer Group to a 
Global Peer Group for comparing pay policy and decisions.
The change from a European Peer Group to a Global Peer 
Group for its Board and Executive Committee remuneration 
was made considering that UCB is transforming as a 
company and has entered a decade of growth, with a 
significant proportion of its revenues generated outside 
Europe. 
Its ability to attract and retain world-class talents in an 
increasingly competitive talent pool has therefore become 
even more critical to sustain this performance trajectory in an 
ever more complex environment. 
The Global Peer Group comprises competitors both for talent 
and for business, and includes dynamic, fast-growing 
companies as well as mature company profiles. To match 
UCB's global footprint and talent needs, the Global Peer 
Group consists of 40% US headquartered companies. The 
median revenue and market capitalization of this group also 
reflect UCB's current and projected size. 
UCB's current competitive positioning approach is to target 
around median pay levels for the CEO & Executive 
Committee of this comparator group for all elements of Total 
Direct Compensation (base salary +variable remuneration). 
The compensation level for each Executive is determined 
based on their experience in relation to the benchmark, as 
well as their impact on company performance. 
For the Board, at least the 25th percentile of the Global Peer 
Group is targeted, while aiming to reach median levels of its 
European peers, 
Global Peer Group
• Roche Holding AG • AstraZeneca PLC
• Bayer AG • Bristol-Myers Squibb
• Sanofi SA • Novartis AG
• Amgen • Merck KGaA
• GlaxoSmithKline PLC • Biogen
• H. Lundbeck A/S • BioNTech
• Ipsen SA • Jazz Pharmaceuticals
• Incyte Corporation • Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc.
• Genmab • BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc.
• Sobi • argenx BV
3. Executive Committee remuneration elements 
Fixed Remuneration
Pay element Description
Base Salary Base Salary is defined in relation to the specific job dimensions and the level of base salary observed in the market for similar roles. The individual’s impact on 
the business and their level of skill and experience is also taken into consideration.
Fees As of April 24, 2025 no director fees for executive directors (i.e. the CEO) are paid in addition to their remuneration as an Executive. 
Other Benefits Executive Committee Members receive benefits in line with UCB’s remuneration policy, including participation in a healthcare plan, executive life insurance and 
executive perquisites such as a company car. Executive Committee members can also receive additional in-kind benefits in line with our standard Global 
Mobility policies. These amounts can vary from year to year and are reported in this section due to their recurring nature.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 150
3.8 Remuneration Report continued

[page 151]
Variable remuneration
Pay element Description
Bonus
Payout formula
The bonus target is subject to a double performance multiplier (not additive) which rewards the achievement of corporate and individual objectives. 
In 2025, the target bonus was set at 100% of base salary for the CEO1 and 65% for the other Executive Committee members. The overall bonus 
opportunity is capped at 175% of the target for the CEO and the Executive Committee. 
Corporate Objectives 
To encourage a focus on revenue growth but also on underlying profitability, UCB considered annual Adjusted Earnings Before Interest Tax 
Depreciation and Amortization (“Adj. EBITDA”) as a shared short-term corporate performance metric for 2025, for the CEO and Executive 
Committee, as well as much of the wider workforce. This target is defined company-wide and is translated into a payout curve which ensures that 
only an acceptable range of performance is rewarded. The philosophy is that Adj. EBITDA, as a proxy for UCB’s underlying profitability, ensures that 
the overall bonus plan is self-funding, rewarding collective efforts across the organization. For performance between the defined payout levels 
shown, linear interpolation is used to determine the payout (2025 payout curve):
Adj. EBITDA vs target <90%  90 %  95 %  98 %  100 %  102 %  105 %  109 %
Payout vs target  — %  50 %  75 %  95 %  100 %  107.5 %  125 %  150 %
Individual Objectives
Individual performance is measured according to the extent to which annual objectives are met, as well as the behaviors demonstrated by the 
individual in relation to UCB’s Patient Value principles. The CEO’s individual objectives mainly represent the overall company objectives, covering 
both financial (excluding adj. EBITDA, covered above) and extra-financial priorities. The CEO’s individual objectives represent the value UCB aims to 
create for its various stakeholders. Annual performance is measured in a holistic way by the GNCC, and reward outcomes approved by the Board, 
considering both short-term impact and long-term sustainability.
Performance measure Value Creation
Financial priorities Our financial health is key to our overall sustainability and ability to continue to create value for patients, our employees, and 
society, now and into the future. A strong focus is placed on delivering on the following financial targets:
• Revenue
• Net Profit (via the “CPM” discussed above)
• Net Sales across our product portfolio
• Cashflow generation
Extra-financial 
priorities
• Value for patients – building a pipeline of differentiated solutions and improving patient access to these solutions
• Value for our people – fostering a working environment where our people can thrive, being happy, healthy and safe
• Value for the planet – transitioning UCB towards a low carbon and green economy
• Other – other company annual strategic goals and personal development goals.
Other Executive Committee members’ goals are derived from the same goals and adjusted according to their specific area of impact.
1. Policy transition year: Bonus target for CEO has been increased from 90% to 100% as of April 2025 following AGM approval of the new policy (effective bonus target of 97.5% of ABS for 2025),. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 151
3.8 Remuneration Report continued
Target incentive1 
(100% of base salary for CEO & 
65% of base salary for Executive 
Committee members)
Annual base salary
Corporate 
Objectives 
(0%-150%)
Individual 
Objectives 
(0%-150%)
Realized Annual Bonus
Overall Payout 
factor (0% -175%)

[page 152]
Variable remuneration
Pay element Description
Long-Term incentives
The LTI program is a two-tiered 
incentive program which includes:
A stock option plan representing 
20% of the LTI grant and a 
performance share plan for 80%.
The LTI grant value is translated into a number of long-term incentives considering the underlying value of each award. The actual grant (since 2025) 
represents 370% of the current base salary for the CEO and between 90% and 300% of base salary (based on the role and individual profile) for the other 
Executive Committee members at the moment of the award determination. 
The vesting outcomes reported below refer to grants made under the previous remuneration policy. The previous target for the CEO was 140% of base 
salary while for the Executive Committee members, the target was 80% of base salary. The LTI mix was previously fixed at 70% in performance shares and 
30% in stock options. The GNCC previously also had the ability to apply a performance multiplier to the grant target of 0%-150% of the target..
Stock options
Our option plan has a minimum 
vesting period of three years. As 
from the moment of vesting the 
beneficiary can exercise the option 
until 10 years from the date of grant
Through sustainable performance, the positive evolution of the share price determines the realizable value of this long-term incentive plan. UCB does not 
facilitate entering into derivate contracts related to Stock Options, nor do we hedge the attached risk, as this is not consistent with the purpose of the Stock 
Options. For incumbents with a Belgian contract, options granted in April 2025 cannot be exercised before January 1, 2029, and taxation occurs at the 
moment of grant, as per Belgian tax legislation (regardless of whether a gain is realized or not). For incumbents based in other countries, a three-year 
vesting period applies. 
Performance shares
Performance shares are subject to a three year vesting period 
and vest upon condition of meeting predetermined company 
targets. These targets align to the company’s value creation 
goals for its stakeholders and reflect the strategic priorities of 
the company over the performance period. 
The 2023 grant, which will vest in April 2026 based on 
2023-2025 performance, was based on 5 performance 
criteria (see details of outcomes below):
Financial  75% 
Revenue 37,5
Adj. EBITDA ratio 37,5
Extra-Financial  25% 
Time to Access  10% 
Scientific Innovation  10% 
Other - Inclusion  5% 
Metric Weight
The 2026 grant (due to vest in 2029 based on 2026-2028 
performance) is based on the five performance criteria, (the 
criteria were broadly the same for the 2024 and 2025 grants).
Financial  75% 
Revenue Growth  37.5% 
Adj. EBITDA ratio  37.5% 
Extra-Financial  25% 
Time to Access  10% 
Scientific Innovation  10% 
Other - Inclusion  5% 
Metric Weight
The financial criteria aim to drive a focus on growth and 
sustainability, so that UCB can continue to invest in innovative 
solutions for patients. The Time to Access KPI represents the 
importance placed on doing the right thing for patients, 
ensuring they have optimum access to affordable solutions in 
a timely manner. Scientific Innovation is core to our ability to 
create value for patients in the future. Our Inclusion measure, 
since 2025, refers to our Inclusion index, which captures 
employees’ sense of belonging, trust, psychological safety, 
i n t e g r a t i o n  o f  d i f f e r e n c e s  a n d  i n c l u s i v e  d e c i s i o n - m a k i n g  a s  
measured in our employee survey.
The number of shares awarded is adjusted at the end of the 
performance period based on the company’s performance 
against the targets defined at the time of grant, based on a 
payout curve which considers probability of reaching 
different levels of performance.
  
Below threshold  0 %
Threshold  50 %
Close to target 75-80%
Target  100 %
Above target 120-125%
Maximum  150 %
performance level Payout
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 152
3.8 Remuneration Report continued

[page 153]
Fixed Remuneration
Pay element Description
Extraordinary items Any non-recurring remuneration for 2025, such as sign-on awards or termination pay, is reportable in the remuneration report and elaborated in our 
remuneration policy. The company may decide to award a sign-on award, typically in shares, to new Executive Committee members. This is not an 
automatic practice and considers various factors such as losses that the individual would otherwise incur in leaving another employer or other related 
negative cashflow effects. Any sign-on awards are approved by the GNCC.
Pension The CEO participates in a cash balance retirement benefit plan which is fully funded by UCB and in the UCB Executive supplementary defined contribution 
plan. The other Executive Committee members each participate in the pension plans available in their country of contract; those incumbents based in 
Belgium participate in the same plans as the CEO.
4. Other policy provisions 
Clawback and malus provisions 
Clawback and malus provisions are in place for the variable 
pay plans of our CEO and Executive Committee members.
The Board of Directors may decide – subject to applicable 
law – to retain any unpaid or unvested incentive 
compensation (malus), or to recover incentive compensation 
that has been paid or has vested (clawback) in case of (i) 
evidence of fraud or serious misconduct and/or (ii) material 
breach of UCB’s Code of Conduct and Dealing Code, and/ or 
(iii) engaging in conduct or actions that can reasonably be 
expected to cause reputational harm to UCB and/or in case 
of material negative restatement of the company’s financial 
results. In 2025, these clauses were not triggered. 
Shareholding guidelines 
While the weight of LTI in the overall pay mix results in the 
Executive Committee members having a meaningful stake in 
unvested (and vested) LTI at any moment, in 2021 we 
introduced shareholding guidelines for our CEO and 
Executive Committee members. The holding levels were 
again reviewed (and increased) in 2025. 
The requirement is for the current CEO and Executive 
Committee members to own a minimum multiple of their 
annual gross base salary in UCB shares (owned from vesting 
of stock awards, performance shares or exercised stock 
options), reached over a building period of five years and 
maintaining the threshold afterwards. In 2025, the required 
threshold increased from 150% to 300% of annual gross base 
salary for the CEO and from 50% to 100% for Executive 
Committee members.
 Termination Arrangements 
Given the international character of our Executive Committee 
as well as the dispersal of our various activities across 
different geographies our members have agreements 
governed by different legal jurisdictions.
A Belgian service contract was established in 2014 for Jean-
Christophe Tellier and maintains similar termination 
conditions to those in place under his previous U.S. 
employment agreement, comprising a lump sum equal to 18 
months base compensation plus the average of the actual 
bonuses paid for the three previous years if the contract is 
terminated by the company or if there is a change of control 
of UCB.
The agreement of Emmanuel Caeymaex was signed before 
the entry into force of the Belgian Corporate Governance law 
of April 6, 2010 which limits the level of termination 
indemnities. He has no specific termination provisions in his 
Belgian contract. In case of involuntary termination, local 
employment law and practices apply. 
Jean-Luc Fleurial and Sandrine Dufour had Belgian 
employment contracts including a termination clause which 
entitles them to a severance payment of 12 months’ base 
salary and bonus if the contract is terminated by the 
company or of there is a change of control of UCB. 
Kirsten Lund-Jurgensen and Denelle Waynick-Johnson hold a 
U.S. employment agreement, and each has a termination 
clause which provides for a severance payment of 12 months’ 
base salary and target bonus if the contract is terminated by 
the company or if there would be a change in control in 
UCB.
Alistair Henry holds a UK employment contract and has no 
specific termination provisions in his contract. In case of 
involuntary termination; local UK employment law and 
practices apply.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 153
3.8 Remuneration Report continued

[page 154]
Non-Executive Directors 
The level of fees for the Board of Directors is set considering UCB's Global Peer Group, given our need to attract experts globally with a deep knowledge of our industry and context. 
The following changes have been introduced with the Remuneration Policy applicable as of AGM 2025:
• Increase of Board fees for the Board Chair, Vice-Chair and Members, to target at least the 25th percentile of Global Peer Group levels.
• Removal of Board attendance fees, reflecting year-round responsibilities and contributions.
• Increase of fees for the Scientific Committee members, as this committee requires an exceptional time commitment compared to our other committees and provides essential contributions to 
our ability to drive innovation and future success. 
• Introduction of shareholding guidelines for Board members to further align their interests to those of shareholders, in the spirit of the Belgian 2020 Corporate Governance Code (the "2020 
Code"). Each year, for the first three years of their appointment, Board members should invest an amount equal to one third of their net annual retainer in the investment of UCB shares to reach 
the shareholding requirement. 
Peer company data constitutes the primary reference, 
Per the 2025 Remuneration Policy, Non-Executive Directors are entitled to the following fees (as from the AGM 2025): 
Chair  425 000 - - -  45 000 
Vice Chair  200 000  45 000 
Directors  160 000     45 000 
Chair of Committee 1   45 000  35 000  45 000 
Member of Committee 1   22 500  45 000  17 000  45 000 
Board Committee fees Other 
Annual fees Audit Scientific 2 GNCC
Travel 
allowance 3
In accordance with the policy, Non-Executive Board members do not receive variable or equity-related remuneration, nor are they entitled to receive benefits. This is a deviation to Principle 7.6 of 
the Corporate Governance Code (the “2020 Code”).  However, the introduction of shareholding guidelines in the 2025 Remuneration Policy aims to align the interests of Non-Executive Directors 
to those of shareholders, in the spirit of the Belgian 2020 Corporate Governance Code. 
1. Cumulative with annual board fees except for Chair, as included in annual board fees 
2. There is no Chair of Scientific Committee role in place
3. The Travel Allowance applies to all our non-Executive Directors living in a location with at least 5 hours of time zone difference with Belgium and is paid as an annual fixed lump-sum allowance. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 154
3.8 Remuneration Report continued

[page 155]
2025 Remuneration Outcomes for the CEO and the Executive Committee Members
Total Remuneration summary
The below provides an overview of the total direct compensation of our CEO and Executive Committee members: 
Jean-Christophe Tellier - CEO € 1 399 711 € 2 399 907 € 6 753 068 € 10 552 686
Other Members of the Executive Committee  € 4 725 659 € 5 408 701 € 6 405 270 € 16 539 630
Incumbent Name – Position
Fixed 
Remuneration Variable Remuneration
Total Direct 
Compensation Base Pay
One-Year Variable 
(Bonus)
Multi-Year Variable (LTI)
Vest
The CEO’s total direct compensation (Base Salary +Bonus + LTI Vesting) for 2025 amounts to € 10 552 686 (excluding pension contributions and other benefits), compared to € 6 168 397  in 
2024, representing an overall increase in total direct compensation of 71% versus 2024. The increase is mainly related to the significantly increased share price on the date of vesting 
(January 1, 2025) of the 2021 stock option grant, compared to the previous plan vesting, as well as the vesting value of the 2022-2024 performance shares in 2025, as discussed below.
The 2025 bonus for the CEO was 15% higher than the previous year, partially due to the increase of the individual bonus target from 90% to 100% as of April 2025 as well as.the negative modifier 
of -5% for the HSWB Index not being triggered for 2025.
The aggregated Executive Committee total direct compensation (Base Salary + Bonus + LTI Vesting) for 2025 amounts to € 16 539 630 or an increase of 1%  compared to € 16 453 473 in 2024 
(excluding pension contributions and other benefits). The composition of the Executive Committee changed between 2024 and 2025..
The below provides an overview of the total remuneration of the CEO and Executive Committee members: 
Jean-Christophe Tellier - CEO € 1 399 711 € 28 667 € 1 425 577 € 2 399 907 € 6 753 068 € 0 € 427 437 € 12 434 367  26 %  74 %
Other Members of the Executive Committee  € 4 725 659 € 0 € 3 432 441 € 5 408 701 € 6 405 270 € 1 167 005 € 1 076 601 € 22 215 677  44 %  56 %
Incumbent Name – Position
1 - Fixed Remuneration 2 - Variable Remuneration
3 - Extraordinary 
Items
4 - Pension 
Expense
5 - Total 
Remuneration
with Vested LTI
Proportion of Fixed and Variable 
Remuneration with Vested LTI
Base Pay Fees Other Benefits
One-Year 
Variable (Bonus)
Multi-Year Variable (LTI)
Vest Fixed [(1 + 4) / (5 – 3)] Variable [2 / (5 -3)]
The 2022-2024 performance share plan vested on April 1, 2025 with a vesting level of 100% of the shares originally granted. The 2021 grant of stock options vested on January 1, 2025 for the 
Belgian-contracted employees, including the CEO. For the other members, the 2022 grant of options vested on April 1, 2025. The vested value of stock options for the CEO represented  
€3 349 631 in 2025 while the aggregate value vested in favor of the rest of the Executive Committee (not necessarily exercised in 2025) represented €2 878 328. The significant increase can be 
mainly attributed to the sharp increase in share price over the vesting period, thanks to very strong company performance and a largely de-risked pipeline.
“ O t h e r  b e n e f i t s ”  r e f l e c t  e m p l o y e r - b o r n e  c o s t s  l i n k e d  t o  b e n e f i t s  i n  l i n e  w i t h  U C B ’ s  r e m u n e r a t i o n  p o l i c y .  T h e s e  i n c l u d e  e x e c u t i v e  l i f e  i n s u r a n c e  a n d  c o m p a n y  c a r .  E x e c u t i v e  C o m m i t t e e  m e m b e r s  
may also benefit from our standard Global Mobility policies, where applicable. The reported value of these in-kind benefits vary significantly from year to year. This volatility mainly reflects 
a c c o u n t i n g  a n d  t a x - r e l a t e d  e f f e c t s ,  s u c h  a s  t h e  t i m i n g  o f  s t o c k  o p t i o n  e x e r c i s e s ,  a s s o c i a t e d  t a x  a n d  s o c i a l - s e c u r i t y  c h a r g e s  a c r o s s  j u r i s d i c t i o n s ,  a n d  i n t e r n a t i o n a l  m o b i l i t y - r e l a t e d  t a x  e q u a l i z a t i o n  
adjustments.  These variations do not result in additional net remuneration for the CEO and Executive Committee and do not reflect changes in underlying compensation.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 155
3.8 Remuneration Report continued

[page 156]
A. Fixed Remuneration 
  
Base Salary 
The table below shows the 2025 base salary levels of the 
CEO and the Executive Committee: 
Jean-Christophe Tellier - CEO  1 399 711 
Other Members of the Executive Committee  4 725 659 
Incumbent Name - Position 2025
The CEO’s salary evolved by 3% (from € 1 354 734 in 2024) 
and decreased by 1% for the other Executive Committee 
members (from € 4 791 093 in 2024). Note there were 
several changes in Executive Committee composition 
between 2024 and 2025.  
Fees
Since April 24, 2025 the CEO is no longer entitled to director fees 
as Board member of UCB. For 2025, these fees amounted to € 
28 667 (€ 26 667 in annual fees and € 2 000 in presence fees). 
Other Benefits 
Insurances, as well as benefits due in line with our standard 
Global Mobility policies and our remuneration policy, are 
included in “Other Benefits.” The timing when some benefits 
accrue under the Global Mobility policies, fluctuations in 
exchange rates, and the evolution in share price have 
contributed to a notable variation in the reportable amount, 
also for the CEO.
For the CEO these other benefits represented an amount of 
€ 1 425 577 (compared to €116 475  in 2024), while for other 
Executive Committee members this amounted to a total 
aggregate amount of € 3 432 441 (compared to € 2 457 053  
in 2024). 
B. Variable Remuneration
 
Bonus (“One-Year Variable”) 2025 performance against 
targets 
The achievement of performance targets was measured 
during the period that started on January 1, 2025 and ended 
on December 31, 2025. 
The Corporate Performance Multiplier is determined by the 
actual Adj. EBITDA versus the budget, at constant exchange 
rates. Thanks to a continued focus on managing operating 
expenses, combined with exceptional outperformance of 
revenues, the target set for 2025 was exceeded, reaching the 
maximum Company Performance Multiplier level of 150%. 
The Individual Performance Multiplier was proposed by the 
GNCC, considering CEO performance against key priority 
areas shown below. The maximum of 175% of target for the 
bonus was reached for the CEO and for several Executive 
Committee members. The application of the HSWB modifier 
was not applied as the threshold for 2025 was achieved.
We believe that in 2025 UCB once again made significant 
strides in meeting its commitments to creating sustainable 
value for patients, our people, shareholders and society. 
The CEO proposed individual performance multipliers for 
each of the other Executive Committee members to the 
GNCC for consideration prior to Board endorsement. The 
combined total value of bonuses paid to the Executive 
Committee amounted to € 5 408 701.
Jean-Christophe Tellier  100 %  171 %€2 399 907
Other members of the 
Executive Committee  65 %  114 %€ 5 408 701
2025 Bonus
Target
% of Base 
Salary1
Actual
% of Base 
Salary
Actual
Amount
1  For the CEO target bonus of 90% until April 2025. As of April 2025 100%
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 156
3.8 Remuneration Report continued
Corporate performance multiplier (CPM) - Adj. EBITDA
CEO overall STI payout (CPM x IPM) Including individual objectives
Target
100%
Maximum
150%
Maximum
175%
The bonus individual performance multiplier ("IPM") awarded for the individual objectives of the CEO were proposed to the 
Board by the GNCC, based on the performance assessment at the end of the cycle and as summarized below:  
0%

[page 157]
Shareholder Value 
(OVER-ACHIEVED)
UCB continued to focus on the five growth drivers, BIMZELX®, FINTEPLA®, RYSTIGGO®, ZILBRYSQ® and EVENITY® , delivering double-digit revenue 
growth with patient share also growing strongly. 
T h i s  f i n a n c i a l  s t r e n g t h  w a s  a n c h o r e d  i n  w o r l d - c l a s s  e x e c u t i o n  o f  U C B ’ s  f i v e  g r o w t h  d r i v e r s ,  s i g n i f i c a n t l y  e x p a n d i n g  p a t i e n t  a c c e s s  a n d  r e i n f o r c i n g  U C B ’ s  
impact in neurological and immunological diseases. Internally, the CEO mobilized the organization to execute global launches with discipline, and 
advance operational excellence, improving gross margin and cost efficiency while sustaining strategic investments. This performance positions UCB to 
c o n t i n u e  i t s  i n n o v a t i o n - l e d  g r o w t h  t r a j e c t o r y  i n t o  2 0 2 6 .  A d j u s t e d  E B I T D A  i s  n o t  p a r t  o f  t h e  i n d i v i d u a l  g o a l s  a s  i t  f o r m s  t h e  C o r p o r a t e  P e r f o r m a n c e  M u l t i p l i e r  
(target was also exceeded). 
Value for Patients 
(PARTIALLY ACHIEVED)
During 2025 our access performance was solid. Our Access Coverage Performance index reached 78% (vs. a target of 82%).  
Regarding Time to Access, in 2025, 34 national reimbursement decisions were obtained ahead of the industry benchmark, the same number as in 2024, 
with a TTA of 43% (short of our target of 50%). To meet the Global Target of 50% we were required to beat the Industry benchmark in 6 additional 
reimbursements. The main reason for this shortfall was the prolonged negotiations, which were aimed at preserving the long-term value of our assets 
while ensuring that we could secure access for as many patients as possible.
The research pipeline advanced meaningfully during the year, with some projects progressing faster than planned, new clinical trial phases being initiated, 
and positive late-stage study results supporting continued development. One new medicine also received approval in the U.S. Meanwhile, a few programs 
experienced delays and will require close follow up, Next step development decisions are being prepared for several assets that recently achieved positive 
trial outcomes.
Value for our People 
(ACHIEVED)
Employee engagement climbed higher as per our goal, reaching 78% (vs 76% in 2024) and our employee survey also demonstrated that employees feel an 
ever stronger sense of purpose in their roles at UCB. 
UCB has set an inclusion index target of ≥75% for 2027. The result for 2025 was 71.8%, an  increase from 2024 (70.8%), progressing in the right direction 
following an intentional focus within the organization. 
Performance against the HSWB index target improved substantially in comparison to the previous year following focused efforts across the organization. 
This year the result is 81.2% (vs a target of 81%), and with a threshold of 80% to activate the negative multiplier.  
Value for the Planet 
(ACHIEVED)
Impactful projects were delivered in 2025, advancing sustainability in medical device innovation, drug substance manufacturing, and distribution, 
improving the Green Scorecard score of 14 out of 18 medicines  (vs a target of 18).
Regarding the CO2e Net Zero Target, by the end of 2025, we continue to progress strongly and deliver on our commitment:
• a decrease of 4% CO2e emissions we control (versus a target of -4%)
• 77,6% Science-Based Target suppliers (vs a target of 75%)
Other goals 
(ACHIEVED)
As part of UCB’s ongoing transformation, we embedded the renewed culture and leadership expectations more deeply across the organization, strengthened 
o p e r a t i n g - m o d e l  e x e c u t i o n  t o  s u p p o r t  m o r e  a g i l e  a n d  e f f e c t i v e  w a y s  o f  w o r k i n g ,  r e i n f o r c e d  s u c c e s s i o n  d e p t h  a n d  t a l e n t  r e a d i n e s s  f o r  c r i t i c a l  l e a d e r s h i p  r o l e s ,  
and enhanced engagement with regulators, payers and investors to maintain trust and support for our strategic direction.
Performance measure 2025 CEO performance against key priority areas
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 157
3.8 Remuneration Report continued

[page 158]
LTI (“Multi-Year Variable”)
In 2025, the CEO and Executive Committee members were awarded LTI grant in line with the 2025 Remuneration Policy. 
A) LTI Granted in 2025 
The table below details the number of stock options and performance shares that were granted in 2025: 
Jean-Christophe Tellier - CEO 17 200 1-Jan-29 162.75 52.51 €903 172 23 136 1-Apr-28 156.17 €3 613 149 €4 516 321
Emmanuel Caeymaex 5 757 1-Jan-29 162.75 52.51 €302 300 7 743 1-Apr-28 156.17 €1 209 224 €1 511 524
Fiona du Monceau 5 200 1-Jan-29 162.75 52.51 €273 052 6 994 1-Apr-28 156.17 €1 092 253 €1 365 305
Sandrine Dufour 8 731 1-Jan-29 162.75 52.51 €458 465 11 744 1-Apr-28 156.17 €1 834 060 €2 292 525
Jean-Luc Fleurial 3 968 1-Jan-29 162.75 52.51 €208 360 5 337 1-Apr-28 156.17 €833 479 €1 041 839
Alistair Henry 6 132 1-Apr-28 162.75 52.51 €321 991 8 248 1-Apr-28 156.17 €1 288 090 €1 610 081
Kirsten Lund-Jurgensen 4 026 1-Apr-28 162.75 52.51 €211 405 5 415 1-Apr-28 156.17 €845 661 €1 057 066
Denelle J. Waynick Johnson 4 083 1-Apr-28 162.75 52.51 €214 398 5 492 1-Apr-28 156.17 €857 686 €1 072 084
Stock Options Performance Shares
Total Value at 
Grant3Incumbent Name - Position
Number of 
Stock Options 
Granted Vesting Date Strike Price1
Binomial value 
per Unit2
Binomial Value 
at Grant
Number of 
Performance 
Shares Granted Vesting Date
Binomial value 
per Unit2 Value at Grant
1. Average of the closing prices between 2 March and 31 March of the year or closing price of 31 March as specified by Belgian or other relevant legislation. 
2. Binomial valuation: an objective technique for pricing long-term incentives and which determines a fair value of the stock price over the life of a Long-Term Incentive.
3. While the policy foresees a LTI target grant value expressed as a percentage of ABS, the value of the grant on April 1 (grant date), may be higher or lower based on the evolution of the share price between the reference period used 
(one month averaging period from mid February to mid March) and the share price on April 1.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 158
3.8 Remuneration Report continued

[page 159]
B) LTI Vested in 2025 
The table below details the number of stock options, stock awards and performance shares, granted to the Executive Committee members in previous years (reported in previous annual reports) 
and which have vested during the calendar year:
Jean-Christophe Tellier - CEO 1-Apr-21 1-Jan-25 30 490 79.99 1-Apr-22 1-Apr-25 2022-2024 20 778 163.8 3 403 436
Emmanuel Caeymaex 1-Apr-21 1-Jan-25 8 551 79.99 1-Apr-22 1-Apr-25 2022-2024 5 913 163.8 968 549
Fiona du Monceau1
Sandrine Dufour 1-Apr-21 1-Jan-25 8 128 79.99 1-Apr-22 1-Apr-25 2022-2024 6 711 163.8 1 099 262
Jean-Luc Fleurial 1-Apr-21 1-Jan-25 6 626 79.99 1-Apr-22 1-Apr-25 2022-2024 4 627 163.8 757 903
Alistair Henry1
Iris Löw-Friedrich 1-Apr-21 1-Apr-25 7 699 102.04 1-Apr-22 1-Apr-25 2022-2024 5 735 161.8 927 923
Kirsten Lund-Jurgensen 1-Apr-21 1-Apr-25 5 746 108.45 1-Apr-22 1-Apr-25 2022-2024 4 281 163.8 701 228
Denelle Waynick Johnson1
Stock options Performance shares
Grant Date Vesting date
Number 
vested (not 
exercised) Exercise price Award date Vesting date
Performance 
period
Total number 
of shares 
vested2
Share market 
value upon 
vesting3
Total value 
upon vesting 
(€)
1. Fiona du Monceau, Denelle Waynick Johnson and Alistair Henry joined the Executive Committee after the 2022 LTI grant.
2. The 2022 Performance Shares vested at 100% of target.
3. Market value of the UCB share on the date of vesting defined as the average of the high and the low price of the UCB share on that date unless specified by local legislation.
Performance shares vested in April 2025 in relation to the April 2022 grant. The vesting of those performance shares was subject to three-year performance against the following criteria for the 
years 2022-2024: 
• Adjusted Cumulative Operating Cashflow (45% weighting)
• Compounded Annual Revenue Growth (45% weighting)
• Time to Access (10% weighting)
As already reported in the 2024 remuneration report, for the Performance Share Plan 2022-2024, following shareholder engagement, the targets set for the plan were subject to discretionary 
restatement, given that the launch of BIMZELX® in the U.S. occurred only at the end of 2023, when the original plan assumed a launch two years earlier, BIMZELX® U.S. revenue and related 
cashflow would be removed from the 2022-2024 Plan and the payout curve reset. Any actual revenues and cashflow from BIMZELX® U.S. would also be excluded. 
Considering actual performance at the end of 2024, which exceeded the restated targets, it was agreed that if the final payout would be over 100%, a cap would be placed on payout at 100% for 
the CEO and Executive Committee.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 159
3.8 Remuneration Report continued
2022-2024 Performance share plan vested in 2025
Target
100%
0%
Maximum
150%


[page 160]
3) LTI Vesting in 2026
The 2023-2025 Performance Share Plan (vesting in April 2026 and reportable in the 2026 Remuneration Report) had five metrics and overall payout is at 117.5% of target. 
• Performance against both financial measures—Revenue and Adjusted EBITDA ratio—significantly exceeded target, reflecting strong execution and disciplined delivery.
• T h e  T i m e  t o  A c c e s s  3 - y e a r  t a r g e t  w a s  n o t  f u l l y  m e t ,  p r i m a r i l y  d u e  t o  d e l a y s  i n  p r i c i n g  n e g o t i a t i o n s  r e q u i r e d  t o  s e c u r e  t h e  l o n g - t e r m  v a l u e  o f  o u r  p r o d u c t s .
• S c i e n t i f i c  I n n o v a t i o n  r e m a i n e d  a  s t r a t e g i c  s t r e n g t h ,  w i t h  2 3  a p p r o v a l s  a n d  s e v e r a l  e a r l y - s t a g e  s u c c e s s e s  d e l i v e r e d  o v e r  t h e  p e r i o d ,  a b o v e  t h e  t a r g e t  s e t .  T h i s  i n c l u d e s  t h e  P r i o r i t y  R e v i e w  g r a n t e d  
by the US FDA in 2023 for the Biologic License Application (BLA) for rozanolixizumab for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG), a truly exceptional achievement.
• The KPI linked to gender balance at executive levels, which was a goal established in our 2023-2025 plan, linked to equitable representation in our leadership, came very close to reaching our 
aspirations to represent the society in which we operate and patients that we serve. 
Performance indicator Weighting Target corridor Actual achievement Expected Pay-out
Revenue 37.5%
Min.0% Target Max. 150%
€ 7 741m 150%
€ 5900m € 7500m
Adjusted EBITDA ratio 37.5%
Min.0% Target Max.150%
34% 100%
29%  36 %
Scientific Innovation 10%
Min.0% Target Max.150%
Above target 117.5%
Time to Access 10%
Min.0% Target Max.150%
49% 80%45%  61 %
Other - Inclusion 5%
Min.0% Target Max. 150%
44% 80%
37%  50 %
Total: 117.5%
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 160
3.8 Remuneration Report continued
Actual achievement

[page 161]
4) LTI Forfeited in 2025
The below stock options and performance shares granted to the Executive Committee members in previous years were 
forfeited in 2025:
Iris Löw- Friedrich Performance Shares 1-Apr-23 6541 30-Apr-25
Iris Löw- Friedrich Performance Shares 1-Apr-24 7282 30-Apr-25
Iris Löw- Friedrich Stock Options 1-Apr-23 7054 30-Oct-25
Iris Löw- Friedrich Stock Options 1-Apr-24 9795 30-Oct-25
Name1 Plan specification Award date Number of awards forfeited Date forfeited2
1. Iris Löw- Friedrich left UCB at the end of April 2025. 
2. Based on the Performance Share plan rules, unvested Performance Shares forfeited on the date of termination. Based on the UCB Stock Option plan 
rules, stock options forfeited 6 months after termination, which is the end of October 2025. The stock options granted in 2023 and 2024 forfeited 
before their respective vesting date.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 161
3.8 Remuneration Report continued


[page 162]
C. Extraordinary items
Termination payments
During 2025 Iris Löw-Friedrich left the company and received 
a payment of € 1 167 005, as per the contract in place. The 
indemnity was equal to one-year base salary and bonus.
Sign-on fees
There were no sign-on fees awarded in 2025.
D. Pension expense
Jean-Christophe Tellier - CEO € 427 437
Other Members of the Executive Committee € 1 076 601
Incumbent Name - Position Pension Expense
For details of the applicable pension plans, see Application of 
Remuneration Policy section.
E. Relative pay comparison 
Remuneration of Non-Executive Directors, Executive Committee, Employees and Company Performance over 5 years
The below table is a summary of the evolution of total remuneration of our Non-Executive Directors, CEO, Executive 
Committee, our average employee and compared to company performance over the last five years, represented here by year-
on-year growth of revenue and Adj. EBITDA. 
Remuneration of the Board € 1 690 833 € 1 771 822 € 1 676 333 € 1 891 265 € 2 576 583
Change year on year (YoY)  16.00 %  4.80 %  -5.40 %  12.80 %  36.20 %
Remuneration of CEO1 € 6 244 384 € 5 808 530 € 4 199 791 € 6 793 643 € 12 434 367
Change year on year (YoY)  -8.6 %  -7.0 %  -27.7 %  61.8 %  83.0 %
Remuneration of members of the Executive 
Committee2 € 16 953 966 € 16 725 716
€ 
13 838 749 € 19 774 268 € 22 215 677
Change YoY  -11.0 %  -1.3 %  -17.3 %  42.9 %  12.3 %
Company Performance
Revenue (Change YoY)
at real rate  8 %  -4 %  -6 %  17 %  26 %
at constant rate  10 %  -7 %  -5 %  19 %  29 %
Adj. EBITDA (Change YoY)
at real rate  14 %  -23 %  7 %  9 %  79 %
at constant rate  21 %  -21 %  -1 %  18 %  87 %
Total Remuneration of employees (in EUR Millions) € 1 382 € 1 491 € 1 510 € 1 836 € 1 922
FTE 8 431 8 546 8 745 9 299 9 646
Average cost per FTE (IFRS) € 163 922 € 174 459 € 172 670 € 198 938 € 199 208
Change YoY  9.73 %  6.43 %  -1.03 %  15.21 %  0.14 %
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
1. Board fees are reported as part of the total remuneration of CEO. The CEO no longer receives Board fees as of April 24, 2025.
Executive Committee composition has varied in recent years. 
Extraordinary items, if any, would be excluded from Executive Committee remuneration, due to their non-recurrent nature. Average employee 
remuneration is calculated on the basis of actual employee salary and benefit costs (excluding employer social security charges and CEO remuneration), 
divided by the number of employees, on a year-by-year basis. 
Total Remuneration of CEO versus Lowest  Remunerated Employee
The below table shows a comparison of the 2025 remuneration of our CEO (in €), to the 2025 remuneration of the lowest paid 
full-time UCB SA employee (in €). The remuneration includes fixed and variable remuneration (LTI vesting for our CEO) as well 
as employee benefits, excluding employer social security charges. 
2025
Ratio of Total Remuneration of CEO versus Lowest Remunerated Employee 1:164
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 162
3.8 Remuneration Report continued

[page 163]
F. CEO and Executive Committee Share-based Remuneration 
Shareholding Guidelines
In 2021 UCB implemented shareholding guidelines for its CEO and Executive Committee members.These guidelines have been reviewed and updated in 2025. Each member has five years to 
meet their respective requirement, since the inception of this guideline (i.e. by April 2026). Currently the CEO meets this requirement and so do the longer serving members of the committee (i.e. 
those with 5+ years of service on December 31, 2025).
LTI Information
The tables below detail the opening and closing balance, as well as movements during the year of share-based remuneration for each of the Executive Committee Members (both current and former). 
Jean-Christophe 
Tellier - CEO Stock Options
1-Apr-16 1-Jan-20 6.25 years 67.24 38 792 38 792
1-Apr-17 1-Jan-21 6.25 years 70.26 39 273 39 273
1-Apr-18 1-Jan-22 6.25 years 66.18 44 741 44 741
1-Apr-19 1-Jan-23 6.25 years 76.09 39 623 39 623
1-Apr-20 1-Jan-24 6.25 years 76.21 40 214 40 214
1-Apr-21 1-Jan-25 6.25 years 79.99 30 490 30 490 3 349 631 30 490
1-Apr-22 1-Jan-26 6.25 years 102.04 27 892 27 892
1-Apr-23 1-Jan-27 6.25 years 79.97 27 369 27 369
1-Apr-24 1-Jan-28 6.25 years 109.80 37 876 37 876
1-Apr-25 1-Jan-29 6.25 years 162.75 17 200 903 172 17 200
Emmanuel 
Caeymaex Stock Options
1-Apr-17 1-Jan-21 6.25 years 70.26 2 822 2 822
1-Apr-18 1-Jan-22 6.25 years 66.18 11 741 11 741
1-Apr-19 1-Jan-23 6.25 years 76.09 10 499 10 499
1-Apr-20 1-Jan-24 6.25 years 76.21 10 966 10 966
1-Apr-21 1-Jan-25 6.25 years 79.99 8 551 8 551 939 413 3 000 5 551
1-Apr-22 1-Jan-26 6.25 years 102.04 7 937 7 937
1-Apr-23 1-Jan-27 6.25 years 79.97 8 011 8 011
1-Apr-24 1-Jan-28 6.25 years 109.80 10 393 10 393
1-Apr-25 1-Jan-29 6.25 years 162.75 5 757 302 300 5 757
Fiona du Monceau Stock Options 1-Apr-24 1-Jan-28 6.25 years 109.80 7 727 7 727
1-Apr-25 1-Jan-29 6.25 years 162.75 5 200 273 052 5 200
Incumbent name The main conditions of the share option plans Information regarding the reported financial year
Opening balance During the year Closing balance
Plan specification Grant date Vesting date
Exercise 
period
Strike price 
(€)
Share options 
outstanding begin 
year Share options awarded Share options vested
Share options 
exercised
Share options 
unvested
Share options 
vested but 
unexercised
Number Value (€)1 Number Value (€)2,3
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 163
3.8 Remuneration Report continued

[page 164]
Sandrine Dufour Stock Options
1-Apr-21 1-Jan-25 6.25 years 79.99 8 128 8 128 892 942 8 128
1-Apr-22 1-Jan-26 6.25 years 102.04 9 008 9 008
1-Apr-23 1-Jan-27 6.25 years 79.97 9 179 9 179
1-Apr-24 1-Jan-28 6.25 years 109.80 12 582 12 582
1-Apr-25 1-Jan-29 6.25 years 162.75 8 731 458 465 8 731
Jean-Luc Fleurial Stock Options
1-Apr-19 1-Jan-23 6.25 years 76.09 8 405 8 405
1-Apr-21 1-Jan-25 6.25 years 79.99 6 626 6 626 727 932 5 000 1 626
1-Apr-22 1-Jan-26 6.25 years 102.04 6 211 6 211
1-Apr-23 1-Jan-27 6.25 years 79.97 6 329 6 329
1-Apr-24 1-Jan-28 6.25 years 109.80 8 289 8 289
1-Apr-25 1-Jan-29 6.25 years 162.75 3 968 208 360 3 968
Alistair Henry4 Stock Options 1-Apr-25 1-Apr-28 7 years 162.75 6 132 321 991 6 132
Iris Löw-Friedrich Stock Options
1-Apr-18 1-Apr-21 7 years 66.18 12 12
1-Apr-19 1-Apr-22 7 years 76.09 10 739 10 739
1-Apr-20 1-Apr-23 7 years 76.21 11 775 11 775
1-Apr-21 1-Apr-24 7 years 79.99 8 514 8 514
1-Apr-22 1-Apr-25 7 years 102.04 7 699 7 699 475 490 7 699
1-Apr-23 1-Apr-26 7 years 79.97 7 054
1-Apr-24 1-Apr-27 7 years 109.80 9 795
Kirsten Lund-
Jurgensen Stock Appreciation rights
1-Apr-22 1-Apr-25 7 years 108.45 5 746 5 746 318 041 5 746
1-Apr-23 1-Apr-26 7 years 82.44 6 477 6 477
1-Apr-24 1-Apr-27 7 years 114.40 8 473 8 473
1-Apr-25 1-Apr-28 7 years 162.75 4 026 211 405 4 026
Denelle J. Waynick 
Johnson Stock Appreciation rights
1-Apr-23 1-Apr-26 7 years 82.44 6 529 6 529
1-Apr-24 1-Apr-27 7 years 114.40 9 281 9 281
1-Apr-25 1-Apr-27 7 years 162.75 4 083 214 398 4 083
Incumbent name The main conditions of the share option plans Information regarding the reported financial year
Opening balance During the year Closing balance
Plan specification Grant date Vesting date
Exercise 
period
Strike price 
(€)
Share options 
outstanding begin 
year Share options awarded Share options vested
Share options 
exercised
Share options 
unvested
Share options 
vested but 
unexercised
Number Value (€)1 Number Value (€)2,3
1. Binomial value on the date of grant
2. The average of the high and the low UCB share price on the vesting date less the exercise price times the number of stock options 
3. The average of the high and the low  UCB share price amounted to EUR 78.63 on January 1, 2024. It amounted to EUR 113.65 on April 1, 2024.
4. Alistair Henry joined the Executive Committee after the April 1, 2024 grant. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 164
3.8 Remuneration Report continued

[page 165]
Incumbent name The main conditions of the performance share plans Information regarding the reported financial year
Opening balance During the year
Closing 
balance
Plan specification Performance period Award date Vesting date Performance 
shares outstanding 
- begin year
Shares awarded Shares vested
Subject to 
Performance 
Conditions - 
unvestedNumber Value (€)1 Number Value (€)2, 3
Jean-Christophe 
Tellier - CEO Performance Shares
2022-2024 01-avr-22 01-avr-25 20 778 20 778 3 403 436
2023-2025 01-avr-23 01-avr-26 25 378 25 378
2024-2026 01-avr-24 01-avr-27 28 158 28 158
2025-2027 01-avr-25 01-avr-28 23 136 3 613 149 23 136
Emmanuel 
Caeymaex Performance Shares
2022-2024 01-avr-22 01-avr-25 5 913 5 913 968 549
2023-2025 01-avr-23 01-avr-26 7 428 7 428
2024-2026 01-avr-24 01-avr-27 7 726 7 726
2025-2027 01-avr-25 01-avr-28 7 743 1 209 224 7 743
Fiona du 
Monceau Performance Shares 2024-2026 01-avr-24 01-avr-27 5 744 5 744
2025-2027 01-avr-25 01-avr-28 6 994 1 092 253 6 994
Sandrine Dufour Performance Shares
2022-2024 01-avr-22 01-avr-25 6 711 6 711 1 099 262
2023-2025 01-avr-23 01-avr-26 8 512 8 512
2024-2026 01-avr-24 01-avr-27 9 354 9 354
2025-2027 01-avr-25 01-avr-28 11 744 1 834 060 11 744
Jean-Luc Fleurial Performance Shares
2022-2024 01-avr-22 01-avr-25 4 627 4 627 757 903
2023-2025 01-avr-23 01-avr-26 5 869 5 869
2024-2026 01-avr-24 01-avr-27 6 162 6 162
2025-2027 01-avr-25 01-avr-28 5 337 833 479 5 337
Alistair Henry Performance Shares 2025-2027 01-avr-25 01-avr-28 8248 1 288 090 8 248
Iris Löw-Friedrich Performance Shares
2022-2024 01-avr-22 01-avr-25 5 735 5735 927 923
2023-2025 01-avr-23 01-avr-26 6 541
2024-2026 01-avr-24 01-avr-27 7 282
Kirsten Lund-
Jurgensen Performance Shares
2022-2024 01-avr-22 01-avr-25 4 281 4 281 701 228 4 281
2023-2025 01-avr-23 01-avr-26 6 006 6 006
2024-2026 01-avr-24 01-avr-27 6 299 6 299
2025-2027 01-avr-25 01-avr-28 5 415 845 661 5 415
Denelle Waynick 
Johnson Performance Shares
2023-2025 01-avr-23 01-avr-26 6054 6 054
2024-2026 01-avr-24 01-avr-27 6899 6 899
2025-2027 01-avr-25 01-avr-28 5 492 857 686 5 492
1. Binomial value of the Performance Shares 
on April 1, 2025. The binomial valuation is 
an objective technique for pricing long-
term incentives and which determines a 
fair value of the stock price over the life of 
a long-term incentive
2. Market value of the UCB share on the 
date of vesting defined as the average of 
the high and the low price of the UCB 
share on that date unless specified by 
local legislation.
3. For Iris Löw-Friedrich, the valuation is 
based on the low price on the vesting 
date in accordance with German 
legislation. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 165
3.8 Remuneration Report continued

[page 166]
2025 Remuneration of Non-Executive Directors
In 2025 the remuneration policy for Board members underwent important changes in order to maintain competitiveness with our relevant peer comparators. These changes were applicable as of 
April 24, 2025.
The following table sets out the remuneration received by each Non-Executive Director in 2025. This includes the fixed annual payment for Board and Committee memberships, the attendance 
fees per Board meeting (until April 24, 2025), and any travel allowances paid.
Jonathan Peacock Chair 6/6  €393 333  €45 000  €438 333 
Charles-Antoine Janssen Vice Chair 6/6  €173 333  €2 000  €17 000  €192 333 
Jean-Christophe Tellier Executive Director 1 6/6  €26 667  €2 000  €28 667 
Pierre L. Gurdjian 6/6  €133 333  €2 000  €17 000  €152 333 
Jan Berger 6/6  €133 333  €2 000  €45 000  €180 333 
Kay Davies Member of the Scientific Committee and Chair of the GNCC 6/6  €133 333  €2 000  €35 000  €37 500  €207 833 
Cyril Janssen 6/6  €133 333  €2 000  €135 333 
Cédric van Rijckevorsel 6/6  €133 333  €2 000  €22 500  €157 833 
Susan Gasser2 2/2  €26 667  €2 000  €7 500  €36 167 
Ulf Wiinberg 5/6  €133 333  €2 000  €45 000  €17 000  €197 333 
Maëlys Castella 6/6  €133 333  €2 000  €22 500  €157 833 
Nefertiti Greene 6/6  €133 333  €2 000  €45 000  €17 000  €197 333 
Rodolfo Savitzky Chair of the Audit Committee 6/6  €133 333  €2 000  €45 000  €180 333 
Stef Heylen3 4/4  €106 667  €18 750  €125 417 
Dolca Thomas 6/6  €133 333  €2 000  €45 000   €37 500  €217 833 
 €2 060 000 Grand total:  €2 605 250 
Remuneration directors Remuneration as Director Remuneration as Committee member
Attendance rate 
(6 meetings)
Fixed remuneration as 
Director
Board 
attendance fees
Travel 
Allowance
Audit 
Committee GNCC
Scientific 
Committee Total
1. No longer receives board fees as of April 24, 2025
2. As of April 24, 2025, steps down as member of the Scientific Committee
3. As of April 24, 2025, joins the Scientific Committee
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 166
3.8 Remuneration Report continued

[page 167]
3.9 Main features of the internal control and risk 
management systems of UCB
3.9.1 Internal control
As the governing body of UCB, the Board provides 
entrepreneurial leadership to UCB and is responsible for 
approving the strategy, goals and objectives of the Company. 
This includes overseeing the establishment, implementation 
and review of an effective system of internal controls, as 
described herein, as well as the risk management processes 
as further described in the section  below.
The Audit Committee assists the Board in its responsibility of 
monitoring the internal control and risk management 
processes established by the management of UCB and the 
UCB Group as a whole; the effectiveness of the overall 
internal control processes of UCB; the overall financial 
reporting process; the External Auditor (including its 
appointment procedure); and the Global Internal Audit 
function and its effectiveness.
UCB management is responsible for establishing and 
maintaining within UCB adequate internal controls to provide 
reasonable assurance regarding the reliable nature of financial 
information, compliance with relevant laws and regulations, 
in the most efficient manner. The internal controls process is 
monitored worldwide by the Internal Controls Department in 
an automated manner for system access and segregation of 
duties, process control-self assessment testing, and 
continuous controls monitoring. Information systems are 
developed to support UCB’s long- term objectives and are 
managed by a professionally staffed Digital Technology team.
As an important component of the management system of 
internal controls, UCB updates its business plan and forecasts 
on an annual basis and prepares a detailed annual budget for 
each financial year that is considered and approved by the 
Board. A management reporting system is in place, providing 
management with financial and operational performance 
measurement indicators. Management accounts are 
prepared monthly to cover each major area of the business. 
Variances from budget and previous forecasts are analyzed, 
explained and acted on in a timely manner. In addition to 
regular Board discussions, meetings are held at least once a 
month by the Executive Committee to discuss performance, 
with specific projects being discussed as and when required.
The Global Internal Audit function is an independent, 
objective assurance and consulting department, designed to 
add value and improve an organization’s operations. It helps 
UCB accomplish its objectives by bringing a systematic, 
disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the 
effectiveness of risk management, control, and governance 
processes.
The Global Internal Audit group undertakes an annual Audit 
Plan of financial, compliance and operational reviews, as 
reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee and covering 
relevant company activities. The program includes 
independent reviews of the systems of internal control and 
risk management. The completion of the Audit Plan, as well 
as a summary of the findings and the status of corrective 
actions, are regularly reported to the Audit Committee, at 
least once a year.
UCB has adopted formal procedures focused on internal 
controls over financial reporting, referred to as the 
Transparency Directive process. This process is intended to 
help minimize the risk of selective disclosure; to help ensure 
that all material information disclosures made by UCB to its 
investors, creditors and regulators are accurate, complete, 
timely and fairly present the condition of UCB; and to help 
ensure adequate disclosure of material financial and non-
financial information and significant events, transactions and 
risks.
The process consists of a number of activities. Identified key 
contributors in the internal control process, which include all 
Executive Committee members, are required to certify in 
writing that they have complied with the requirements of 
UCB related to the financial reporting process, including 
providing reasonable assurance of effective and efficient 
operations, reliable financial information and compliance with 
Laws and regulations. To promote their understanding of the 
broad range of potential issues, a comprehensive checklist is 
provided to them to complete and to assist them in their 
certification. In addition, a detailed worldwide desk review of 
Sales, Credits and related Gross-to-Net accounts, Accounts 
Receivables, Trade Inventories, Accruals, Provisions and 
Payments is performed, and the Finance Directors/
representatives of all individual entities are required to 
acknowledge in writing that their financial reporting in these 
areas is based on reliable data and that their results are 
properly stated in accordance with requirements.
These procedures are coordinated by the Global Internal 
Audit function in advance of the issuance of the half-year and 
annual accounts. The results of the procedures are reviewed 
with the Chief Accounting Office, as well as with key internal 
stakeholders and the External Auditor. Appropriate follow-up 
on any potential issues identified is performed and 
consideration of adjustments to reported financial 
information or disclosures is evaluated. The results of these 
procedures are reviewed with the CEO and the CFO, and 
subsequently with the Audit Committee, prior to the 
publication of the accounts.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 167


[page 168]
3.9.2 Risk management
The whole UCB Group and its affiliates worldwide are 
committed to providing an effective risk management 
framework to minimize threats that may impact our ability to 
achieve our strategic plans and corporate objectives. To this 
effect, the UCB Group incorporates Risk Management 
practices as follows: 
A global Risk Management Policy, applicable for the whole 
UCB Group and its affiliates worldwide, describes the 
commitment of UCB to provide an effective risk 
management system across the UCB Group and articulates 
the framework and architecture for managing key risks at 
UCB. 
The Board is responsible for approving the strategy of the 
UCB Group and reviewing and overseeing the UCB Group’s 
effective implementation of the risk management systems 
and processes. The Board, supported by the Audit 
Committee, reviews on a regular basis the areas where risks 
could significantly affect the financial situation, reputation or 
sustainability of the UCB Group. 
The Audit Committee monitors the overall risk management 
process of UCB. 
The Executive Committee is responsible for implementing 
the risk management strategy and objectives, as well as 
championing the prioritization, control and review of risks 
critical to UCB’s success. 
The Global Internal Audit function is responsible for 
independently and regularly reviewing as well as validating the 
risk management process in UCB, and jointly agreeing with 
the business functions on actions to mitigate and control 
assessed risks. 
The Head of Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) provides 
periodic updates to the Executive Committee and the Board, 
as well as annually to the Audit Committee. The Risk2Value 
(R2V) Table, consisting of management representatives of all 
business functions, coordinates the enterprise-level risk 
identification, assessment, prioritization and response 
process, for all types of risks including sustainability and ESG 
risks. R2V is supported by the ERM Steering Committee, 
consisting of Executive Committee members and senior 
leaders, who provide strategic leadership and determine final 
risk prioritization. The ERM process is underpinned by a global 
risk management system to effectively assess, report and 
manage actual or potential risks or exposures. The sources of 
risk information include the assessment from the business 
areas (bottom-up), input from executive leadership (top-
down) and the external context for the organization (outside-
in). Ownership and accountability for risk at each level sits 
with the relevant leadership team and every top risk is 
overseen by a member of the Executive Committee who is 
accountable for understanding the nature of the risk and 
enabling our response to it. The Enterprise Risk Management 
Group continually assesses its governance structure and 
stakeholder alignment to ensure the most robust 
assessments, prioritization and responses are achieved. 
Our risk management system is based on current plans, 
estimates and projections of management, and our risk 
profile is constantly evolving as internal and external factors 
and associated risk assumptions change over time.
To learn more on top risks and environmental and social risks 
visit the Risk Management section. To learn more on financial 
risks visit the financial Note 5 Financial risk management.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 168
3.9 Main features of the internal control and risk management systems of UCB continued

[page 169]
3.10 Private investment transactions 
and trading in UCB shares
The Board has approved a Dealing Code to prevent insider 
trading and market abuse offences, particularly during the 
periods preceding the publication of results or information 
that could have an effect on the price of UCB securities or, as 
the case may be, the price of the securities issued by a third-
party company.
In 2016, a Dealing Code was approved by the Board to reflect 
the rules of the EU Regulation No 596/2014 on Market Abuse, 
Directive 2014/57/EU on criminal sanctions for market abuse 
and the Belgian Law of August 2, 2002 on the supervision of 
the financial sector and on financial services, as amended by 
the Law of June 27, 2016, which entered into force on July 3, 
2016. During 2017, UCB reviewed the Dealing Code and 
updated it to reflect this legislation and to include 
considerations relating to ethics in accordance with our 
Patient Value Strategy. In 2019, some practicalities were 
updated in the Dealing Code. In 2024, the Dealing Code was 
further updated to reflect the changes to the Market Abuse 
Regulation that were introduced by Regulation (EU) 
2024/2809 of October 23, 2024 amending Regulations (EU) 
2017/1129, (EU) No 596/2014 and (EU) No 600/2014 to make 
public capital markets in the Union more attractive for 
companies and to facilitate access to capital for small and 
medium-sized enterprises (the so called “Listing Act”). UCB 
will continue to monitor the implementation of the Listing Act 
and possible impact on its Dealing Code in 2026. 
The Dealing Code includes rules for Directors, executive 
management and key employees which prohibit the dealing 
in UCB shares or other financial instruments related to the 
UCB share for a designated period preceding the 
announcement of its financial results (so-called “closed 
periods”). It further prohibits trading in UCB shares or other 
related securities for persons who are, or may soon be, in 
possession of inside information.
The Board has appointed the Group General Counsel 
(Denelle J. Waynick Johnson) and the Group Secretary 
General (Xavier Michel) as Insider Trading Compliance 
Officers, whose duties and responsibilities are defined in the 
Dealing Code.
In accordance with the Dealing Code, the Company has 
further established the list of Persons Discharging Managerial 
Responsibilities (Directors and members of the Executive 
Committee) and the list of key employees, who must inform 
and obtain prior clearance from the Insider Trading 
Compliance Officer(s) for the transactions on UCB shares and 
related securities they intend to make for their own account. 
Dealings in the Company securities by the Persons 
Discharging Managerial Responsibilities as well as the Persons 
closely associated therewith also need to be reported to the 
Financial Services and Market Authority (FSMA), the Belgian 
market supervisory authority. The procedure for such 
reporting and the duties relating thereto are also reflected in 
the UCB Dealing Code. The Dealing Code is publicly available 
on the UCB website.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 169


[page 170]
3.11 External audit
The external statutory auditor is the audit firm Mazars Bedrijfsrevisoren – Réviseurs d’Entreprises CVBA – Avenue du Boulevard 21, box 8, 1210 Saint-Josse-ten-Noode (Brussels) – Belgium (“Forvis 
Mazars”), currently represented by Mr. Sébastien Schueremans. This audit firm was initially appointed by the General Meeting of April 29, 2021 for a mandate of three years (legal term) ending at 
the AGM 2024. During the AGM 2024, this mandate was renewed for another term of three years and extended to the provision of the assurance opinion in respect of the sustainability reporting 
as set forth in Directive (EU) 2022/2464 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 December 2022 amending Regulation (EU) No 537/2014, Directive 2004/109/EC, Directive 2006/43/
EC and Directive 2013/34/EU, in the context of the corporate sustainability reporting. 
Forvis Mazars has been appointed as External Auditor in all affiliates of the UCB Group worldwide.
The 2025 fees paid by UCB to its External Auditors amounted to:
Forvis Mazars Belgium
(Auditor)
Audit of the annual accounts: 903 482  76 250 
 —  21 704  1 251 516 Limited assurance on the 
sustainability statement: 250 080
Forvis Mazars Other Related Networks  1 583 684  —  31 400  53 564  1 668 648 
Total  2 487 166  326 330  31 400  75 268  2 920 164 
2025 – Actuals Audit (€) Other attestation-related services (€)
Tax services 
(€)
Other missions 
external to the 
audit (€) Total (€)
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 170


[page 171]
3.12 Information requested under article 34 of the 
Royal Decree of November 14, 2007
3.12.1 UCB’s capital structure, with an indication of the 
different classes of shares and, for each class of shares, the 
rights and obligations attached to  it and the percentage of 
total share capital that it represents on December 31, 2025
As from March 13, 2014, the share capital of UCB amounts to 
€ 583 516 974  represented by 194 505 658 shares of no-par 
value, fully paid up. All UCB shares are entitled to the same 
rights.
There are no different classes of UCB shares (section 3.2.2).
3.12.2 Restrictions, either legal or prescribed by the Articles 
of Association, on the transfer of securities
Restrictions on the transfer of securities only apply to shares 
that have not been fully paid up according to article 11 of 
UCB’s Articles of Association (the “Articles of Association”) as 
follows:
(“…)
b) any shareholder holding shares not fully paid who wishes 
to transfer all or part of his shareholding, should notify his 
intention by registered letter to the Board of Directors, 
indicating the name of the candidate to be approved, the 
number of shares offered for sale, the price and the proposed 
terms of sale.
The Board of Directors may, by registered letter, oppose this 
sale within a month of such notification, by presenting 
another candidate as purchaser to the selling shareholder. 
The candidate proposed by the Board will have a right of 
preemption on the shares offered for sale, unless the 
proposed seller withdraws from the sale within 15 days.
The right of pre-emption will be exercisable at a unit price 
corresponding to the lower of the two following amounts:
• The average closing price of a UCB ordinary share on the 
“continuous trading market” of Euronext Brussels in the 30 
stock exchange working days preceding the notification 
under the preceding paragraph, reduced by the amount 
still to be paid up;
• The unit price offered by the third-party proposed for 
approval.
The above-mentioned notification by the Board of Directors 
shall be taken as notification of the exercise of the right of 
pre- emption in the name and for the account of the 
purchasing candidate presented by the Board. The price will 
be payable within the month of this notification without 
prejudice to any more favorable conditions offered by the 
third-party presented for approval.
c) if the Board does not reply within the period of a month 
from notification set out in the first paragraph of subsection 
b) above, the sale may take place on conditions no less 
favorable than those set out in the above-mentioned 
notification for the benefit of the candidate presented for 
approval.
(...”)
To date, the capital of UCB is fully paid up.
3.12.3 Holders of any securities with special control rights 
and a description of those rights
There are no such securities.
3.12.4 System of control of any employee share scheme 
where the control rights are not exercised directly by the 
employees 
There is no such system.
3.12.5 Restrictions, either legal or prescribed by the Articles 
of Association, on the exercise of voting rights
The existing UCB shares entitle holders thereof to vote at the 
General Meeting. 
According to article 38 of the Articles of Association, the 
following restrictions apply:
“Each share gives the right to one vote. Any person or entity 
who acquires or subscribes to beneficial ownership in shares, 
whether registered or not, in the capital of the Company, 
conferring a right to vote, will be obliged to declare within the 
period required by law, the number of shares purchased or 
subscribed for, together with the total number of shares held, 
when such number in total exceeds a proportion of 3% of the 
total voting rights exercisable, before any possible reduction, 
at a General Meeting. The same procedure will have to be 
followed each time that the person obliged to make the initial 
declaration mentioned above increases his voting strength up 
to 5%, 7.5%, 10% and subsequently for each additional 5% of 
the total voting rights acquired as defined above or when 
following the sale of shares, his voting rights fall below one of 
the limits specified above. The same notification requirements 
will apply to any instrument, option, future, swap, interest 
term agreement and other derivative granting its holder the 
right to acquire existing securities carrying voting rights 
pursuant to a formal agreement (i.e. an agreement that is 
binding pursuant to the applicable law) and only on the holders’ 
own initiative. In order for the notification requirements to 
apply, the holder must either have an unconditional right to 
acquire existing securities carrying voting rights or be able to 
make free use of its right to acquire them. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 171


[page 172]
A right to acquire securities carrying voting rights is 
considered to be unconditional if it depends merely on an 
event that can be caused to happen or prevented from 
happening by the holder of the right. These notifications will 
occur according to the modalities described in the legislation 
applicable to the disclosure of large shareholdings in issuers 
whose securities are admitted to trading on a regulated 
market. Failure to respect this statutory requirement will be 
able to be penalized in the manner laid down in the 
applicable articles of the law of May 2, 2007 on the disclosure 
of shareholdings in issuers whose securities are admitted to 
trading on a regulated market.
No-one may at a General Meeting cast a greater number of 
votes than those relating to such shares as he has, in 
accordance with the above paragraph, declared himself to be 
holding, at least twenty days before the date of the Meeting.”
The voting rights attached to UCB shares held by UCB or by 
its direct or indirect subsidiaries as the case may be, are, as a 
matter of law, suspended.
3.12.6 Agreements between shareholders which are known 
to UCB and may result in restrictions on the transfer of 
securities and/or the exercise of voting rights
UCB has no knowledge of agreements which may result in 
restrictions on the transfer of its securities and/or the exercise 
of voting rights.
3.12.7 A. Rules governing the appointment and 
replacement of Board members
Under article 15 of the Articles of Association:
“The Company shall be managed by a Board of Directors 
having at least three members, whether shareholders or not, 
appointed by the general meeting for a term ending at the 
latest at the end of the fourth annual shareholders’ meeting 
following the date their appointment has become effective. 
The General Meeting can, at all times, end the mandate of 
each director without any reason and with immediate effect.
Outgoing Directors are eligible for re-election. The period of 
office of outgoing Directors, who are not re-appointed, 
ceases immediately on the closing of the Ordinary General 
Meeting.
The General Meeting shall determine the fixed or variable 
remuneration of the Directors and the value of their 
attendance vouchers, to be charged to operating expenses.”
The General Meeting decides by a simple majority of votes on 
these matters.
The rules relating to the composition of the Board of 
Directors are detailed in section 3.2 of the Charter as follows:
Composition of the Board of Directors (section 3.2.1 of the 
Charter)
”The Board is of the opinion that a number of between ten 
and fifteen members is appropriate for efficient decision-
making on the one hand, and contribution of experience and 
knowledge from different fields on the other hand. Such a 
number also allows for changes to the Board’s composition 
to be managed without undue disruption. This is way within 
the provisions of the law and the Articles of Association of 
UCB from which the Board shall be composed of at least 
three members. The General Meeting of Shareholders 
decides on the number of Directors, upon proposal of the 
Board.
A large majority of the Board members are non-executive 
Directors. The curricula vitae of the Directors and directorship 
candidates are available for consultation on UCB’s website 
(www.ucb.com). These curricula vitae mention, for each 
Director, the directorships in other listed companies.” 
Appointment of Directors (section 3.2.2 of the Charter)
“The Directors are appointed by the General Meeting of 
Shareholders, following a proposal by the Board, and upon 
recommendation of the GNCC.
In proposing candidates at the General Meeting of 
Shareholders, the Board takes particular account of the 
following criteria:
• a large majority of the Directors are non-executive Board 
members;
• at least three non-executive Directors are independent in 
accordance with the general legal definition, the criteria set 
out in the 2020 Code, and those adopted by the Board;
• no single Director or group of Directors may dominate 
decision-making;
• the composition of the Board promotes diversity of a broad 
range of viewpoints, experiences, and skills, and 
contribution of experience, knowledge and ability required 
for UCB's specialist international activities, it being 
understood that pursuant to the Belgian Code of 
Companies and Associations, a minimum of one third of 
the board members must be of a sex different from that of 
the other members; and
• candidates are fully available to carry out their functions 
and do not take more than five directorships in listed 
companies. Changes to their other relevant commitments 
and their new commitments outside the Company must 
be reported to the Chair of the Board and the Company 
Secretary as they arise.
The GNCC gathers information, allowing the Board to ensure 
that the criteria set out above have been met at the time of 
the appointments and renewals and during the term of office.
For each new directorship appointment, the GNCC performs 
an assessment of existing and required abilities, knowledge 
and experience on the Board. The profile of the ideal 
candidate is drawn up based on this assessment and 
proposed to the Board for discussion and definition.
When the profile is established, the GNCC selects candidates 
that fit the profile in consultation with the Board members 
(including the Chair of the Executive Committee) and possibly 
using a recruitment firm. Recommendation of final 
candidates is made by the GNCC to the Board. When making 
such recommendation, relevant information is provided to 
the Board (such as curriculum vitae, assessment, a list of the 
positions held and, if applicable, any necessary information 
about the candidate’s independence).
The Board decides on the proposals to be submitted to 
Shareholders’ approval.”
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 172
3.12 Information requested under article 34 of the Royal Decree of November 14, 2007 continued

[page 173]
Duration of mandates and age limit (section 3.2.4 of the 
Charter)
“Directors are appointed by the General Meeting of 
Shareholders for a term ending at the latest at the end of the 
fourth annual shareholders’ meeting following the date their 
appointment has become effective, and their terms may be 
renewed.
Moreover, an age limit of seventy has been stipulated. A 
director shall give up his/her current term the day of the Annual 
General Meeting of Shareholders following his/her 70th 
birthday. The Board may propose exceptions to that rule.”
Procedure for appointment, renewal of terms (section 3.2.5 
of the Charter)
“The process of appointment and re-election of Directors is 
led by the GNCC, which makes recommendation to the 
Board and strives to maintain an optimum level of abilities 
and experience within UCB and its Board.
The proposals for appointment, renewal, resignation or 
possible retirement of a Director are examined by the Board 
based on a recommendation from the GNCC.
The GNCC assesses for each of the Directors who are 
candidate for re-election at the next General Meeting of 
Shareholders, their commitment and effectiveness and makes 
recommendations to the Board regarding their re-election. 
Special attention is given to the evaluation of the Chair of the 
Board and the Chairs of the Board committees.
The assessment is conducted by the Chair of the GNCC and 
the Vice Chair of the Board or another member of the GNCC, 
who have meetings with each of the Directors in their 
capacity as a Director and, as the case may be, as Chair or 
member of a Board Committee. For the Chair of the Board 
and of the GNCC, the assessment is conducted by the Vice 
Chair of the Board and a senior independent Director. The 
sessions are based on a questionnaire (and can include 
interviews) and cover the Director’s role in the governance of 
the Company and the effectiveness of the Board, and, 
amongst others, how they evaluate their commitment, 
contribution and constructive involvement in the discussions 
and decision-making.
Feedback is given to the GNCC who then reports to the Board 
and makes recommendations as to the proposed re-election.
The Board submits to the General Meeting of Shareholders its 
proposals concerning the appointments and renewals of 
Directors. These proposals are communicated to the General 
Meeting of Shareholders as part of the agenda of the relevant 
shareholders meeting.
The General Meeting of Shareholders resolves on each 
proposed appointment of Directors separately and the 
proposals of the Board in this area are resolved by a majority 
of the votes.
In the event of a vacancy during a term, the Board is 
empowered to fill the post and to allow its decision to be 
ratified at the next General Meeting of Shareholders.
The Board ensures that there is a succession planning for 
Board members in place.
Proposals for appointment state whether or not the 
candidate is proposed as an executive Director, define the 
term proposed for the mandate (i.e., not more than four 
years, in accordance with the Articles of Association), and 
indicate the place where all useful information in relation to 
the professional qualifications of the candidate, in addition to 
the main functions and directorships of the candidate, may 
be obtained or consulted.
The Board also indicates whether the candidate meets the 
independence criteria stipulated in the BCCA and the 2020 
Code, such as the fact that a Director, in order to qualify as 
“independent” may not hold a mandate for a total term of 
more than twelve years as a non-executive Board member. 
The proposal will be submitted to the General Meeting of 
Shareholders to acknowledge such independent character, 
with a confirmation from the Board that there is no indication 
of any element that could cast doubt on such independence.
These provisions also apply to proposals for appointments 
proposals originating from shareholders.
The proposals for appointment are available on UCB’s 
website (www.ucb.com).”
The Charter additionally stipulates that a Director qualifies as 
independent if he or she has not had business or other 
relations with the UCB Group which could compromise his/ 
her independent judgment. In the assessment of this 
criterion, significant status as customer, supplier or 
shareholder of the UCB Group is taken into consideration by 
the Board on an individual basis.
3.12.7. B. Rules governing the amendment of UCB’s Articles 
of Association
The rules governing the amendment of the Articles of 
Association are set by the BCCA.
The decision to amend the Articles of Association has to be 
made by a general meeting, provided that at least 50% of the 
share capital of UCB is present or represented at the meeting, 
in principle with a majority of 75% of the votes cast.
If the attendance quorum is not met at the first Extraordinary 
General Meeting, a second General Meeting can be 
convened and will decide without any attendance quorum 
having to be reached.
In exceptional circumstances (for example amendment of the 
object of the company, changing of rights of securities), 
additional attendance and voting requirements are applicable.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 173
3.12 Information requested under article 34 of the Royal Decree of November 14, 2007 continued

[page 174]
3.12.8 Powers of the Board of Directors, in particular to 
issue or buy back shares
Powers of the Board of Directors
The Board is UCB’s governing body. It has the power to take 
decisions on all matters which the law does not expressly 
attribute to the general meeting of shareholders.
In all matters for which it has responsibility, the Board works 
in close cooperation with the Executive Committee and most 
decisions to be taken by the Board are proposed by the 
Executive Committee.
The Executive Committee constitutes UCB’s top 
management. It ensures implementation, checking and 
coordination of the UCB Group’s strategic plans in the areas 
of research and development, operations, financial, 
administrative, risk and legal issues, human resources and 
investment. 
The Board’s authorizations to issue or buy back shares
The Extraordinary General Meeting of April 25, 2024 decided 
to renew (i) the authorization of the Board (and to amend the 
Articles of Association accordingly), for another period of two 
years, to increase the share capital, amongst other by way of 
the issuance of shares, convertible bonds or warrants, in one 
or more transactions, within the limits and under the 
conditions as set out above under section 3.2.4 “Authorized 
capital”, and (ii) the authorization of the Board, for another 
period of two years starting on July 1, 2024 and expiring on 
June 30, 2026, to acquire, directly or indirectly, whether on 
or outside of the stock exchange, by way of purchase, 
exchange, contribution or any other way, up to 10% of the 
total number of Company’s shares as calculated on the date 
of each acquisition, within the limits and under the conditions 
as set out above under 3.2.3 “Treasury shares”. These 
authorizations will be submitted for renewal to the AGM 
2026, for another period of two years, until 2028. 
3.12.9 Significant agreements to which UCB is a party and 
which take effect, alter or terminate upon a change of 
control of UCB following a takeover bid, and the effects 
thereof, except where their nature is such that their 
disclosure would be seriously prejudicial to UCB; this 
exception shall not apply where UCB is specifically obliged 
to disclose such information on the basis of other legal 
requirements
• Facility agreement in the amount of € 1 billion between, 
among others, UCB and various subsidiaries of UCB as 
Original Borrowers and Original Guarantors, BNP Paribas 
Fortis SA/NV as Agent and various other financial 
institutions as Original Lenders, dated March 27, 2023, 
which change of control clause was approved by the 
General Meeting of April 27, 2023, according to which any 
and all of the lenders can, in certain circumstances, cancel 
their commitments and require repayment of their 
participations in the loans, together with accrued interests 
and all other amounts accrued and outstanding 
thereunder, following a change of control of UCB.
• Euro Medium Term Note Program dated March 6, 2013, 
with last update of the base prospectus per October 17, 
2023, and as supplemented on October 24, 2023 and 
March 5, 2024, for an amount of up to € 5 billion (the 
“EMTN Program”), providing for a change of control clause 
(condition 5 (e) (i)) under which, for any Notes issued 
thereunder where a change of control put clause is 
included in the relevant final terms, any holder of such Note 
and following a change of control of UCB, has a right to 
redeem that Note by exercising such put right. Pursuant to 
article 7:151 of the BCCA, the above-described change of 
control clause provided for in the EMTN Program of March 
6, 2013 has been approved by the General Meetings held 
from 2013 up to and including 2025, in respect of any 
series of Notes to be issued under the EMTN Program 
within the 12 months following each of those General 
Meetings and to which such change of control has been 
made applicable. A similar approval pursuant to article 7:151 
of the BCCA will be submitted to the General Meeting of 
April 30, 2026 in respect of any series of Notes to be issued 
under the EMTN Program from April 30, 2026 until April 29, 
2027, if any, and to which, as the case may be, such change 
of control would be made applicable.
• Private placement bond 1.000% due October 1, 2027 in the 
amount of € 150 million issued on October 1, 2020, under 
the Euro Medium Term Note Program dated March 6, 2013 
and to which the Change of Control clause of said 
Program is applicable.
• Institutional bond 1.000% due March 30, 2028 in the 
amount of € 500 million issued on March 30, 2021 under 
the Euro Medium Term Note Program dated March 6, 2013 
and to which the Change of Control clause of said 
Program is applicable.
• Retail bond 5.200% due November 21, 2029 in the amount 
of  € 300 million issued on November 21, 2023 under the 
Euro Medium Term Note Program dated October 18, 2023 
and to which the Change of Control clause of said 
Program is applicable. 
• Institutional bond 4.2500 % due March 30, 2030 in the 
amount of € 500 million issued on March 20, 2024 under 
the Euro Medium Term Note Program dated October 24, 
2023 and to which the Change of Control clause of said 
Program is applicable.
• Facility agreement in the amount of € 350 million between 
UCB as Borrower and the EIB, of which the change of 
control clause was approved by the General Meeting of 
April 28, 2022, and whereby the loan, together with 
accrued interests and all other amounts accrued and 
outstanding thereunder, could in certain circumstances 
become immediately due and payable – at the discretion 
of the EIB – following a change of control of UCB.
• A term facility agreement in the initial amount of U.S.$ 
2 070 million between, amongst others, UCB and UCB 
Biopharma SRL, as Borrowers, and BNP Paribas Fortis SA/
NV and Bank of America Merrill Lynch International 
Designated Activity Company as Bookrunners dated 
October 10, 2019 and under which a First, Second and 
Third Incremental Facility for amounts of respectively € 90 
million, € 90 million and U.S.$ 80 million between UCB and 
the First, Second and Third Incremental Facility Lender 
dated July 28, 2022, January 19, 2023 and February 29, 
2024 were entered into and of which the establishment 
does not result in an increase of the outstanding amount 
surpassing the initial amount of this facility, with a change 
of control clause, under which any and all of the lenders 
can, in certain circumstances, cancel their commitments 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 174
3.12 Information requested under article 34 of the Royal Decree of November 14, 2007 continued

[page 175]
and require repayment of their participations in the loans, 
together with accrued interests and all other amounts 
accrued and outstanding thereunder, following a change 
of control of UCB. The General Meeting of April 30, 2020 
has approved this change of control clause in accordance 
with article 7:151 of the BCCA. The Second Incremental 
Facility (EUR 90 million) was fully reimbursed in January 
2026.
• A Schuldschein loan agreement in the amount of € 20.5 
million between UCB, as Borrower, UCB Biopharma SRL as 
Guarantor, and ING Bank, a branch of ING-DIBA AG as 
Original Lender dated November 2, 2022, with a change of 
control clause, under which any and all of the lenders can, 
in certain circumstances, cancel their commitments and 
require repayment of their participations in the loans, 
together with accrued interests and all other amounts 
accrued and outstanding thereunder, following a change 
of control of UCB, and of which the change of control 
clause was approved by the General Meeting of April 27, 
2023 in accordance with article 7:151 of the BCCA.
• A Schuldschein loan agreement in the amount of € 15.0 
million between UCB, as Borrower, UCB Biopharma SRL as 
Guarantor, and ING Bank, a branch of ING-DIBA AG as 
Original Lender dated November 2, 2022, with a change of 
control clause, under which any and all of the lenders can, 
in certain circumstances, cancel their commitments and 
require repayment of their participations in the loans, 
together with accrued interests and all other amounts 
accrued and outstanding thereunder, following a change 
of control of UCB, and of which the change of control 
clause was approved by the General Meeting of April 27, 
2023 in accordance with article 7:151 of the BCCA.
• A Schuldschein loan agreement in the amount of € 30.0 
million between UCB, as Borrower, UCB Biopharma SRL as 
Guarantor, and ING Bank, a branch of ING-DIBA AG as 
Original Lender dated August 24, 2023, with a change of 
control clause, under which any and all of the lenders can, 
in certain circumstances, cancel their commitments and 
require repayment of their participations in the loans, 
together with accrued interests and all other amounts 
accrued and outstanding thereunder, following a change 
of control of UCB, and of which the change of control 
clause was approved by the General Meeting of April 29, 
2021 in accordance with article 7:151 of the BCCA.
• The UCB stock awards and performance share plans by 
which UCB shares are granted annually by UCB to certain 
employees according to grade and performance criteria, 
vest according to the rules of both plans after three years, 
upon condition that its beneficiary remains in continuous 
employment with the UCB Group. They also vest upon 
change of control or merger. The General Meeting of April 
25, 2019 has approved this change of control clause in all 
existing and future UCB LTI plans. On December 31, 2025, 
the following number of stock awards and performance 
shares are outstanding:
• 2 474 250 Stock awards, of which 922 041 will vest in 
2026;
• 450 056 Performance shares, of which 154 554 will vest in 
2026.
The change of control clauses in the Executive Committee 
members’ contracts, are further described in the 
Remuneration report (section 3.8).
3.12.10 Agreements between UCB and its Board members 
or employees providing for compensation if the Board 
members resign or are made redundant without valid 
reason or if the employment of the employees ceases 
because of a takeover bid
For more details, see the Remuneration report section (3.8) 
on the main contractual terms on hiring and termination 
arrangements for the CEO and members of the Executive 
Committee. No other agreements provide for a specific 
compensation of Board members in case of termination 
because of a takeover bid.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 175
3.12 Information requested under article 34 of the Royal Decree of November 14, 2007 continued

[page 176]
3.13 Conflicts of interest – Application of article 7:96 
of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations
Article 7:96 of the BCCA was applied by the Board of January 
27, 2025, in the context of the revised remuneration and LTI 
proposal for the CEO (relevant excerpt from the minutes of 
the meeting): 
"(...) Prior to any deliberation or decision by the Board of 
Directors concerning the approval of the revised 
remuneration and LTI proposal for the CEO to be integrated 
in a new Remuneration Policy, J.-C. Tellier stated that he had 
a direct financial interest in the implementation of said 
decisions. In accordance with Art. 7:96 of the BCCA, he 
withdrew from the meeting of the Board of Directors and did 
not participate in the deliberation and vote relating to these 
issues. The Board of Directors established that Art. 7:96 of the 
BCCA was applicable to these operations. The financial 
consequences of these decisions will be detailed in the 
Remuneration Report and Remuneration Report relating to 
the applicable income year(s). Both the Remuneration Policy 
and Report, established in accordance with the rules set forth 
in the BCCA, will provide for a detailed justification of the 
decisions taken by the Board, upon recommendation of the 
GNCC, with respect to the remuneration of J.-C. Tellier as 
well as the other executives. Since the decisions to be taken 
also related to the members of the Executive Committee, J.-
L. Fleurial (although not a Board member) left the meeting 
before any deliberation or decision on these issues. (...) "
In addition, article 7:96 of the BCCA was applied by the Board 
of February 26, 2025 also in the context of the decisions 
relating to the CEO remuneration, the performance bonus 
and LTI grants (relevant excerpt from the minutes of the 
meeting): 
“(…)
Prior to any deliberation or decision by the Board of Directors 
concerning the approval of (i) the corporate performance 
multiplier and HSWB (Health, Safety, Well-being) modifier 
results for the 2024 bonus (payout in 2025), (ii) the LTI vesting 
(2022-2024 Performance share Plan results), (iii) the 2025 LTI 
grants including the KPIs, target and pay out curve setting for 
the Performance Share Plan 2025 – 2027, (iv) the target 
setting and HSWB modifier for the 2025 corporate bonus (v) 
the approval of the CEO bonus based on 2024 performance, 
the CEO 2025 base salary and the CEO 2025 LTI grant 
(including stock options and performance shares), (vi) the 
2024 Remuneration report, (vii) the 2025 Remuneration 
Policy and (viii) the approval of the 2025 objective of the 
CEO, J.-C. Tellier stated that he had a direct financial interest 
in the implementation of said decisions. In accordance with 
Art. 7:96 of the BCCA, he withdrew from the meeting of the 
Board of Directors and did not participate in the deliberation 
and vote relating to these issues. The Board of Directors 
established that Art. 7:96 of the BCCA was applicable to these 
operations. It was further stated that all decisions related to 
the above-mentioned topics were taken by the Board in 
compliance with the Remuneration Policy as approved by the 
Shareholders Meeting. The financial consequences of these 
decisions will be detailed in the Remuneration Report relating 
to the applicable income year(s). Both the Remuneration 
Policy and Report, established in accordance with the rules 
set forth in the BCCA, provide for a detailed justification of the 
decisions taken by the Board, upon recommendation of the 
GNCC, with respect to the remuneration of J.-C. Tellier as 
well as the other executives. J.-L. Fleurial also left the 
meeting, when appropriate, before any deliberation or 
decision on the relevant issues. (...)"
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 176


[page 177]
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 177
Financial 
Statements

[page 178]
1. Business performance review
1.1. Key highlights
Revenue  7 741  6 152  26 %  29 %
Net sales  7 388  5 613  32 %  35 %
Royalty income and fees  88  78  12 %  17 %
Other revenue  265  461  -43 %  -41 %
Adjusted Gross Profit  6 134  4 819  27 %  31 %
Gross Profit  5 751  4 400  31 %  34 %
Marketing and selling expenses  -2 485  -2 075  20 %  22 %
Research and development expenses  -1 822  -1 781  2 %  4 %
General and administrative expenses  -264  -272  -3 %  -2 %
Other operating income/expenses (-)  829  564  47 %  52 %
Adjusted EBIT  2 009  836 >100% >100%
Impairment, restructuring and other income/expenses (-)  -61  488 >-100% >-100%
EBIT (operating profit)  1 948  1 324  47 %  55 %
Net financial expenses (-)  -126  -161  -22 %  -45 %
Profit before income taxes  1 822  1 163  57 %  70 %
Income tax expenses (-)  -264  -98 >100% >100%
Profit from continuing operations  1 558  1 065  46 %  59 %
Profit/loss (-) from discontinued operations  0  0 N/A N/A
Profit  1 558  1 065  46 %  59 %
Attributable to UCB shareholders  1 558  1 065  46 %  59 %
Adjusted EBITDA  2 636  1 475  79 %  87 %
Capital expenditure (including intangible assets)  449  322  39 %
Net financial cash/debt (-)  7  -1 454 >-100%
Operating cash flow from continuing operations  2 291  1 242  85 %
Weighted average number of shares - non diluted (million)  190  190  0 %
EPS (€ per weighted average number of shares - non diluted) 8.20 5.61  46 %  59 %
Core EPS (€ per weighted average number of shares - non diluted) 9.99 4.98 >100% >100%
Actual1 Variance
€ million 2025 2024 Actual rates CER2
1. Due to rounding, some financial data may not add up in the tables included in this management report.
2. CER: constant exchange rates and excluding hedging.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 178


[page 179]
 
n Net sales € 7 388M
n Royalty income and fees € 88M
n Other revenue € 265M
In 2025, revenue showed a strong growth by 26% up to € 7 741 million, a plus of 29% at 
constant exchange rates (CER). 
Net sales
€ 7 388M
Net sales increased to € 7 388 million, a plus of 32% (+35% CER). This growth was driven by 
the strong performance of UCB’s growth drivers: BIMZELX®, EVENITY®, FINTEPLA®, 
RYSTIGGO® and ZILBRYSQ® which more than doubled their net sales contribution. Royalty 
income and fees were € 88 million and other revenue reached € 265 million.
Adjusted EBITDA
€ 2 636M
Adjusted EBITDA (Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and amortization charges) 
increased to € 2 636 million (+79%; +87% CER), reflecting double-digit revenue growth, 
improved gross margin due to improved product mix, higher operating expenses with good 
cost control driven by the strong investments behind the global launches combined with 
higher operating income due to the continued net earnings contribution for EVENITY® plus 
other operating one-offs. The adjusted EBITDA ratio for 2025 (in % of revenue) reached 
34.0%, vs 24.0% in 2024. Corrected for the other operating one-offs, the adjusted EBITDA 
was € 2 431 million, representing an adjusted EBITDA ratio of 31.4%. 
Profit
€ 1 558M
Profit increased to € 1 558 million from € 1 065 million (46%; 59% CER) driven by double-digit 
revenue growth, higher operating expenses reflecting the strong investments behind the 
launches, the net contribution from EVENITY®. Core earnings per share reached € 9.99 after 
€ 4.98 in 2024 based on an average of 190 million shares outstanding.
This Business Performance Review is based on the consolidated financial statements for the 
UCB Group of companies prepared in accordance with IFRS. The separate statutory financial 
statements of UCB SA/NV prepared in accordance with Belgian Generally Accepted 
Accounting Principles, together with the report of the Board of Directors to the General 
Assembly of Shareholders, as well as the auditors’ report, will be filed at the National Bank of 
Belgium within the statutory periods, and be available on request or on our website.
Adjusted gross profit is the gross profit without the amortization of intangible assets linked to 
sales. 
Restructuring, impairment and other income / expenses (-): Transactions and decisions of a 
one-time nature that affect UCB’s results are shown separately.
Besides EBIT (earnings before interest and taxes or operating profit), a line for “adjusted 
EBIT” (underlying operating profit), reflecting the ongoing profitability of the company’s 
biopharmaceutical activities, is included. The adjusted EBIT is equal to the line “operating profit 
before impairment, restructuring and other income and expenses” reported in the consolidated 
financial statements.
Adjusted EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization charges) is 
the operating profit adjusted for amortization, depreciation, impairment charges, restructuring 
expenses and other income and expenses. 
Core EPS is the core profit, or the profit attributable to the UCB shareholders, adjusted for the 
after-tax impact of restructuring, impairment, other income/expense items, the after-tax 
contribution from discontinued operations and the after-tax amortization of intangibles linked 
to sales, per non-dilutive weighted average number of shares.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 179
Business Performance Review continued
€ 7 741M
Revenue

[page 180]
1.2. Key events 
There were several key events that have affected or will affect UCB financially:
Macroeconomic
UCB operates within, and is influenced by, complex global and regional macroeconomic and 
political environments. The global landscape remains highly uncertain following developments 
in 2025, shaped by persistent geopolitical conflicts, heightened geopolitical fragmentation, 
social pressures and evolving financial market conditions. While inflation has moderated in 
several regions, underlying pressures remain uneven, and economic growth trajectories 
continue to diverge across UCB’s core markets.
Important agreements and initiatives
In January 2025, UCB entered into a license agreement on XtalFold™, a biologics AI platform 
developed by Ailux Biologics, a division of XtalPi. UCB will leverage XtalFold™ for the discovery 
and engineering of biologics. XtalFold™ is a proprietary AI-based software suite that provides 
rapid and accurate structural insights to accelerate biologics innovation across multiple phases.
In May 2025, UCB and Domino Data Lab, provider of a leading data science platform trusted 
by the world’s largest enterprises, announced a strategic collaboration aimed at modernizing a 
Statistical Computing Environment (SCE) for the life sciences industry.
In June 2025, UCB announced plans for a significant investment in a new, state-of-the-art 
biologic manufacturing facility in the United States. The project is expected to serve UCB’s 
growing number of patients in the U.S., while delivering a total estimated economic impact of 
approximately US$5 billion. UCB has also confirmed it is continuing to scale up its partnerships 
with U.S. Contract Manufacturing Organization (CMOs) to ensure the support for the 
production of its growth drivers and future pipeline.
Regulatory and Pipeline Update
UCB remains committed to innovation, continuously seeking new ways to deliver meaningful 
solutions for people living with severe immunological and neurological conditions. This 
commitment is reflected in its robust clinical development pipeline, which currently includes 
one post-approval (Phase 4) asset, one asset in submission, and a diversified portfolio of four 
Phase 3 and three Phase 2 programs targeting distinct patient populations. Also in 2025, UCB 
has initiated three global Phase 3 studies for bimekizumab in pediatric indications: psoriasis, 
hidradenitis suppurativa, and juvenile idiopathic arthritis. In addition, the company plans to 
launch in 2026 a phase 3 program with fenfluramine for patients with Rett-syndrome and a 
phase 3 program with rosanolixizumab in ocular myasthenia gravis (oMG). UCB will explore the 
potential of galvokimig in respiratory diseases: two respiratory indications, Chronic Obstructive 
Pulmonary Disease (COPD) and non-cystic fibrosis bronchiectasis (NCFB), with respective 
proof of concept studies (phase 2a) are starting later in 2026.   
 The updated timelines for UCB’s clinical development program, also reflecting regulatory 
updates and pipeline progress since January 1, 2025, up to the publication date of this report, 
are shown below.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 180
Business Performance Review continued

[page 181]
UCB clinical development pipeline
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 181
Business Performance Review continued
* In partnership with Biogen; 1st phase 3 study; 5-HT = 5-hydroxytryptamin or serotonin; CD40L = CD40 ligand; CDKL5 = cyclin-dependent kinase-like 5; H = half-year; IL = interleukin; FcRn = Neonatal Fragment Crystallizable Receptor; 
MOG = Myelin Oligodendrocyte Glycoprotein; PsA = Psoriatic Arthritis .
n Neurology n Immunology
Phase 1 Phase 2 Phase 3 Phase 4 
Post-approval head-to-head study versus risankizumab in PsA: H1 2026bimekizumab (IL-17 A/F) 
bimekizumab (IL-17 A/F) 
rozanolixizumab (FcRn inhibitor) 
fenfluramine (5-HT agonist) 
dapirolizumab pegol (anti-CD40L antibody) 
STACCATO® alprazolam (benzodiazepine) 
bepranemab (anti-tau antibody) 
glovadalen 
(D1 receptor positive allosteric modulators)
1. CDKL5 deficiency disorder: Positive phase 3 - regulatory submission under preparation
2. RETT-Syndrome Phase 3 to start in H1 2026
Systemic lupus erythematosus*: 1st positive phase 3, 2nd phase 3: 2028
Alzheimer's disease: Encouraging phase 2a – Fast Track Designation
Palmoplantar pustulosis (PPP): 2028
1. MOG-antibody disease: H2 2026
2. Ocular myasthenia gravis: Phase 3 to start in 2026
Stereotypical prolonged seizures: H2 2026
Parkinson's disease: Positive phase 2a, Next Steps under evaluation 
1. Atopic dermatitis: Phase 2b started, first results in 2028
2. Non Cystic Fibrosis Bronchiectasis (NCFB): Phase 2a to start in 2026
3. Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD): Phase 2a to start in 2026
UCB9741/galvokimig (IL-13 & IL-17 A/F) 
Indication & status/next milestone

[page 182]
Regulatory update
In January 2025, the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare (MHLW) approved the 
320 mg/2mL Autoinjector for BIMZELX®.
In January 2025, RYSTIGGO® (rozanolixizumab) received EU approval for self-administration via an 
infusion (syringe pump) or a new manual push syringe method. And in May 2025, UCB received 
approval from the Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA) in Japan for at-home self-
administration with infusion pump or a new manual push syringe method for RYSTIGGO®.
In November 2025, The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved KYGEVVI™ 
(doxecitine and doxribtimine), marking the first and only approved therapy for adults and children 
living with thymidine kinase 2 deficiency (TK2d). This decision was closely followed in January 
2026, by the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European 
Medicines Agency (EMA) who issued a positive opinion recommending granting marketing 
authorization for KYGEVVI®. Upon approval, KYGEVVI® will be the first and only treatment option 
in the European Union indicated for the treatment of pediatric and adult patients with genetically 
confirmed thymidine kinase 2 deficiency (TK2d). These milestones expand UCB’s neuromuscular 
footprint and demonstrate continued execution in areas of high unmet medical need.
Pipeline Update 
Clinical Development Phase 2 
Galvokimig is a multi-specific antibody based therapy that inhibits IL-13 and IL-17A and IL-17 F 
with albumin binding to moderate half-life. The phase 2a study in moderate-to-severe atopic 
dermatitis – a type of eczema, which is the most common inflammatory skin disease – 
showed positive and convincing proof-of-concept data. 
In December 2025, UCB has started a Phase 2b program with galvokimig in participants with 
atopic dermatitis to investigate the optimal dose and dosing regime using a subcutaneous 
application, with blinded dosing until week 52. First headline results are expected in 2028.
Donzakimig (UCB1381) is a multispecific, Fc free antibody based therapeutic that inhibits IL-13, 
a key mediator of inflammation, and IL-22, which impairs skin barrier integrity in atopic dermatitis 
(AtD). The Phase 2a proof-of-concept study in Atopic Dermatitis (AtD) achieved its primary 
endpoint and no new safety risks were identified. In line with UCB’s portfolio discipline and focus, 
at this stage priority will be given to other opportunities, including the galvokimig program.
Bepranemab is targeting pathological tau to transform the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease 
(AD). Bepranemab's benefit in low-tau early disease in the TOGETHER phase 2 study paves a 
development path forward. UCB is engaging constructive interactions with regulatory 
agencies, aligning the development strategy for bepranemab in AD. In February 2026, US FDA 
granted Fast Track Designation for bepranemab - a process designed to facilitate the 
development of drugs to treat serious conditions and fill an unmet medical need. 
Glovadalen (UCB0022), an orally available, brain-penetrant, small molecule under investigation 
for the treatment of Parkinson’s Disease reported positive phase 2a study results. The company 
is assessing next steps for the development program and is exploring opportunities for the 
asset in neurological conditions associated with dopamine deficiency.
Clinical Development Phase 3 and beyond
UCB has started a Phase 3 program, BE SEEN, to evaluate the efficacy and safety of 
bimekizumab in Palmoplantar Pustulosis (PPP). PPP is a rare, chronic inflammatory 
dermatological condition without any approved treatment options in the US, EU, and China. 
First headline results are expected in 2028.
UCB is evaluating the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab in pediatric patients in global phase 
3 studies 
• with moderate to severe hidradenitis suppurativa (HS). The study includes children aged 9 
years and older, as well as adolescents aged 12 to under 18 years. Pediatric HS represents a 
significant unmet need, with approximately one-third of all cases occurring in this population 
and nearly half of patients reporting symptom onset during childhood. First headline results 
are expected in H2 2027.
• with psoriasis versus ustekinumab. The study includes participants aged 6 to under 18 years. 
P s o r i a s i s  o f t e n  s t a r t s  i n  c h i l d h o o d ,  w i t h  a b o u t  o n e - t h i r d  o f  c a s e s  b e g i n n i n g  d u r i n g  t h i s  t i m e .  
Its prevalence steadily increases from the ages of 1 to 18 years in a linear fashion. First 
headline results are expected in 2028. 
• with juvenile psoriatic arthritis and enthesitis-related arthritis—two rare subtypes of juvenile 
idiopathic arthritis (JIA). the study included participants aged 2 to under 18 years. First 
headline results are expected in 2028.
For STACCATO® alprazolam (benzodiazepine, prolonged seizures), headline results are 
expected in 2026. Recruiting patients and their caregivers to this ambitious and innovative phase 
3 program is progressing well and UCB's plan for first headline results has moved into H2 2026.  
In June 2025, UCB announced positive results from the GEMZ phase 3 study of fenfluramine 
in CDKL5 Deficiency Disorder (CDD). CDD is an ultra-rare developmental and epileptic 
encephalopathies (DEE) with refractory infantile-onset epilepsy and severe global 
neurodevelopmental delays resulting in intellectual, motor, cortical visual, and sleep 
impairments as major features. It is caused by pathogenic variants in the Cyclin Dependent 
Kinase-like 5 (CDKL5) gene located on the X chromosome. It is estimated that CDD affects 
approximately 1 in 40,000 to 60,000 live births, with a median age of onset of six weeks. UCB 
will send the submission dossiers for regulatory approval in Q1 2026.
UCB has decided to initiate a phase 3 study with fenfluramine for patients with Rett-syndrome, 
expanding our reach beyond epilepsy. RETT is a severe (genetic) neurodevelopmental disorder 
that occurs predominantly in females. The study start is planned for H1 2026.
BE BOLD is a head-to-head post-approval phase 4 study, comparing bimekizumab, an IL-17A 
and IL-17F inhibitor, with risankizumab, an IL-23 inhibitor, in the treatment of adults with active 
psoriatic arthritis (PsA). BE BOLD is the first head-to-head study in PsA evaluating the 
superiority of an IL-17A and IL-17F inhibitor to an IL-23 inhibitor. Thanks to faster recruitment 
than anticipated, first headline results are now expected in H1 2026.
All other clinical programs are advancing as planned.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 182
Business Performance Review continued

[page 183]
1.3. Net sales by product
Core products  6 922  5 077  36 %  41 %
Immunology  4 318  2 743  57 %  63 %
BIMZELX®  2 227  607 >100% >100%
CIMZIA®  1 954  2 033  -4 %  0 %
EVENITY®  137  103  33 %  33 %
Neurology  2 603  2 334  12 %  15 %
BRIVIACT®  758  686  11 %  14 %
KEPPRA® (including KEPPRA® XR / E KEPPRA®)  439  582  -25 %  -22 %
FINTEPLA®  427  340  26 %  30 %
RYSTIGGO®  332  202  65 %  71 %
VIMPAT®  303  329  -8 %  -5 %
ZILBRYSQ®  217  72 >100% >100%
NAYZILAM®  128  124  3 %  8 %
Established brands  373  517  -28 %  -27 %
Net sales before hedging  7 294  5 593  30 %  35 %
Designated hedges reclassified to net sales  94  19 N/A
Total net sales  7 388  5 613  32 %  35 %
Actual Variance
€ million 2025 2024 Actual rates CER
Total net sales in 2025 went up to € 7 388 million, a plus of 32% compared to last year or a 
plus of 35% at constant exchange rates (CER). Net sales before “designated hedges reclassified 
to net sales” increased by 30% (35% CER). The designated hedges reflect UCB’s realized 
transactional hedging activities.
This growth in 2025 was driven by the strong performance of UCB’s growth drivers - all 
showing double-digit growth or better: BIMZELX® - now representing the largest drug in the 
portfolio -, FINTEPLA®, RYSTIGGO®, ZILBRYSQ® and EVENITY®. 
CIMZIA® is the second-largest drug in the portfolio. BRIVIACT® reported continued double-
digit growth in the last year of its patent protection in the U.S. and EU.
UCB’s five growth drivers (€ million)
2 227
427
332
217
137
607
340
202
72
103
BIMZELX® 
FINTEPLA®
RYSTIGGO®
ZILBRYSQ® 
EVENITY®
n 2025 n 2024
 
n BIMZELX® € 2 227M 
n CIMZIA® € 1 954M
n BRIVIACT® € 758M
n KEPPRA® € 439M 
n FINTEPLA® € 427M
n RYSTIGGO® € 332M
n VIMPAT® € 303M 
n ZILBRYSQ® € 217M
n EVENITY® € 137M 
n NAYZILAM® € 128M 
n Established brands € 373M
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 183
Business Performance Review continued
€ 7 294 M 

[page 184]
BIMZELX® (bimekizumab), the first and only IL-17A & IL-17F inhibitor is now available in more 
than 50 countries around the globe, across five indications: psoriasis (PSO), active psoriatic 
arthritis (PSA), active ankylosing spondylitis (AS), active non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis 
(nr-axSpA) and hidradenitis suppurativa (HS). The increase by more than 200% is driven by 
strong demand in all indications, including a strong momentum in HS, coupled with a  
favorable U.S. payer mix. PSO accounted for 53% of the global BIMZELX® net sales. HS, a highly 
underdiagnosed condition with significant unmet medical need, contributed 28%, while PSA, 
AS and nr-axSpA combined represented 19%. More than 116 000 patients accessed the 
product in 2025. Global reported net sales were € 2 227 million after € 607 million in 2024. 
FINTEPLA® (fenfluramine), at the end of 2025, reached over 14 000 patients and their families 
living with seizures associated with rare epileptic syndromes. FINTEPLA® is a potential 
transformative therapy for multiple Developmental and Epileptic Encephalopathies (DEEs) 
offering a foundational therapy option in Dravet Syndrome and a recognized option in Lennox 
Gastaut Syndrome. Net sales increased to € 427 million, a plus by 26% (+30% CER).  
RYSTIGGO® (rozanolixizumab) is a treatment option for people living with generalized 
myasthenia gravis (gMG) providing rapid and durable efficacy. RYSTIGGO® reached more 
than 2 400 people living with gMG in 2025. In 2025, net sales went up to € 332 million after 
€ 202 million in 2024. 
ZILBRYSQ® (zilucoplan) is the first and only once-daily subcutaneous, targeted C5 
complement inhibitor and reached more than 1 300 people living with myasthenia gravis 
(gMG) in 2025. In 2025, net sales reached € 217 million after € 72 million in 2024. 
EVENITY® (romosozumab), the only sclerostin-inhibitor and leader in several bone builder 
markets has, since its global launch in 2019, reached more than 1 300 000 (2024: 900 000) 
women living with postmenopausal osteoporosis at high risk of fracture around the world. Net 
sales in Europe went up by 33% reaching € 137 million (+33% CER). EVENITY® is being brought 
to people living with osteoporosis globally by Amgen, Astellas and UCB, with net sales outside 
Europe reported by the partners. The worldwide net earnings contribution from EVENITY® is 
recognized under ‘Other operating income’.
UCB’s other core products
CIMZIA® (certolizumab pegol), reported global net sales of € 1 954 million (-4%; 0% CER). This 
performance reflects volume growth (+ 4%) overcompensated by net price declines. Since 
2024, CIMZIA® is no longer patent protected in the U.S. and EU. There is no biosimilar 
competition, neither today nor expected near-term. 
BRIVIACT® (brivaracetam) increased net sales to € 758 million, an increase of 11% (+14% CER) 
and over achieving its peak sales target of “at least € 600 million” already in 2024, well before 
2026, the year of the end of exclusivity in the U.S. (February) and Europe (August). This was 
driven by continued, strong growth in all regions where BRIVIACT® is available to patients. In 
June 2024, BRIVIACT® was approved in Japan as monotherapy and adjunctive therapy in the 
treatment of partial onset seizures. BRIVIACT® has a different mode of action from VIMPAT® 
and differentiates from KEPPRA®.
KEPPRA® (levetiracetam), reported lower net sales of € 439 million (-25%; -22% CER; -7% CER 
excluding divestitures), reflecting the generic competition in all regions and the strategic 
divestment of the neurology portfolio in China in November 2024. The loss of exclusivity in the 
U.S. and Europe occurred more than 10 years ago. Levetiracetam is an important drug for the 
treatment of epilepsy, touching the lives of millions of people.
VIMPAT® (lacosamide) is experiencing generic competition since 2022 in the U.S. and in 
Europe and since December 2025 in Japan due to loss of exclusivity. Net sales went down to 
€ 303 million (-8%; -5% CER; +1% CER excluding divestitures).
NAYZILAM® (midazolam) Nasal SprayCIV, the nasal rescue treatment for epilepsy seizure 
clusters reported net sales of € 128 million +3% (+8% CER).
UCB’s established brands
The net sales of the established brands which include NEUPRO® (rotigotine), the patch for 
Parkinson’s disease and restless legs syndrome and UCB’s allergy product portfolio with 
ZYRTEC® (cetirizine), including ZYRTEC®-D/Cirrus® and XYZAL® (levocetirizine) reached 
€ 373 million, -28% (-27% CER). This reflects the sale of two established brands and the 
strategic divestiture of the neurology and allergy portfolio in China in November 2024 as well 
as a product sale in the second half of 2025 and the maturity of the portfolio. Adjusted by the 
product sales and the portfolio divestiture, the performance of the established brands portfolio 
was -13% CER. 
Designated hedges reclassified to net sales were € +94 million after € +19 million in 2024. As 
part of its currency hedging strategy, UCB hedged the forecasted 2025 foreign currency cash 
flows during 2024. The hedge result results primarily from the depreciation of the U.S. Dollar  
and has been reclassified into net sales.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 184
Business Performance Review continued

[page 185]
1.4. Net sales by geographical area
Net sales - U.S.  4 609  3 036  1 573  52 %  1 769  58 %
BIMZELX®  1 657  287  1 370 >100%  1 441 >100%
CIMZIA®  1 208  1 289  -81  -6 %  -29  -2 %
BRIVIACT®  578  540  39  7 %  63  12 %
FINTEPLA®  355  294  61  21 %  76  26 %
RYSTIGGO®  270  184  86  47 %  97  53 %
ZILBRYSQ®  157  56  101 >100%  108 >100%
NAYZILAM®  128  124  4  3 %  10  8 %
KEPPRA®  107  123  -16  -13 %  -12  -9 %
VIMPAT®  68  56  12  21 %  15  26 %
Established brands  81  83  -1  -2 %  2  2 %
Net sales - Europe  1 758  1 582  176  11 %  175  11 %
CIMZIA®  427  436  -9  -2 %  -9  -2 %
BIMZELX®  424  255  169  66 %  169  66 %
KEPPRA®  194  199  -5  -3 %  -5  -3 %
BRIVIACT®  138  120  18  15 %  18  15 %
EVENITY®  137  103  34  33 %  34  33 %
VIMPAT®  96  116  -20  -17 %  -20  -17 %
FINTEPLA®  59  41  18  44 %  18  44 %
ZILBRYSQ®  35  8  27 >100%  27 >100%
RYSTIGGO®  31  8  24 >100%  24 >100%
Established brands  217  296  -79  -27 %  -79  -27 %
Net sales - Japan  315  257  58  23 %  68  26 %
VIMPAT®  84  85  -1  -2 %  1  1 %
BIMZELX®  62  32  30  94 %  32 >100%
E KEPPRA®  40  65  -25  -39 %  -24  -37 %
CIMZIA®  39  28  10  37 %  12  41 %
RYSTIGGO®  27  10  17 >100%  18 >100%
ZILBRYSQ®  24  8  17 >100%  17 >100%
BRIVIACT®  16  1  15 >100%  15 >100%
FINTEPLA®  9  2  7 >100%  7 >100%
Established brands  14  25  -11  -46 %  -11  -44 %
Net sales - International markets  612  718  -106  -15 %  -64  -9 %
CIMZIA®  280  280  0  0 %  19  7 %
KEPPRA®  99  196  -96  -49 %  -86  -44 %
BIMZELX®  85  33  52 >100%  58 >100%
VIMPAT®  55  71  -16  -23 %  -13  -19 %
BRIVIACT®  25  24  0  2 %  2  6 %
FINTEPLA®  4  2  1  53 %  1  58 %
RYSTIGGO®  3  0  3 N/A  4 N/A
Established brands  61  111  -50  -46 %  -47  -43 %
Net sales before hedging  7 294  5 593  1 701  30 %  1 948  35 %
Designated hedges reclassified to net sales  94  19  74 >100%
Total net sales  7 388  5 613  1 775  32 %  1 948  35 %
Actual Variance actual rates Variance CER
€ million 2025 2024 € million % € million %
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 185
Business Performance Review continued

[page 186]
 
n Japan € 315M 
n International markets € 612M 
n Europe € 1 758M
n U.S. € 4 609M 
U.S. net sales went up to € 4 609 million by 52% (+58% CER) driven by the stellar launch of 
BIMZELX®, which is now approved in all five indications. The growth was also supported by the 
strong launch execution of RYSTIGGO® and ZILBRYSQ® as well as FINTEPLA®. CIMZIA showed 
good volume growth (+ 4%), which was overcompensated by net price declines. Since 2024, 
CIMZIA® is no longer patent protected in the U.S. There is no biosimilar competition, neither 
today nor expected near-term. 
Net sales in Europe increased to € 1 758 million by 11% (+11% CER) – driven by the strong 
growth of BIMZELX®, the new product portfolio for the treatment of generalized myasthenia 
gravis (gMG), RYSTIGGO® and ZILBRYSQ®, as well as EVENITY® and FINTEPLA® and supported 
by the double-digit growth of BRIVIACT®, which will see loss of exclusivity in August 2026. 
CIMZIA® showed good volume growth (+3%), which was offset by price decline. CIMZIA® is no 
longer patent protected in the EU. There is no biosimilar competition, neither today nor 
expected near-term. The decline of the established brands portfolio reflects the sale of rights to 
two established brands in November 2024 as well as a product sale in the second half of 2025. 
Adjusted by both events, the established brands were € 186 million, -17% CER.
Net sales in Japan went up to € 315 million after € 257 million in 2024 (+23%, +26% CER). This 
was driven by the growth drivers BIMZELX®, RYSTIGGO® and ZILBRYSQ® and  as well by the 
newly launched BRIVIACT®. Since April 2025, UCB provides CIMZIA® to patients in Japan as 
the co-promotion with the Japanese partner has ended. Hence, the in-market sales are 
booked by UCB since H2 2025. VIMPAT® remained stable at constant exchange rates with 
generic competition since December 2025. 
International markets net sales amounted to € 612 million (-15%; -9% CER) including growth 
contribution from BIMZELX®, CIMZIA® and FINTEPLA®. This growth was overcompensated by 
effects of the strategic divestment of UCB’s mature neurology and allergy portfolio in China in 
November 2024. Adjusted by this divestment net sales were growing by +18% CER. 
 
Designated hedges reclassified to net sales were € 94 million (€ 19 million in 2024) reflecting 
UCB’s realized transactional hedging activities. These are mainly related to the U.S. Dollar, the 
Japanese Yen, the British Pound and the Swiss Franc.
1.5. Royalty income and fees
Biotechnology IP  54  60  -10 %  -6 %
Other  34  19  83 %  92 %
Royalty income and fees  88  78  12 %  17 %
Actual Variance
€ million 2025 2024 Actual rates CER
In 2025, royalty income and fees increased to € 88 million after € 78 million in 2024.
The biotechnology IP income represents royalties on marketed products using UCB’s 
antibody intellectual property.
“Other” includes royalties from UCB’s allergy portfolio and royalties on partnered or out-
licensed products developed by UCB.
1.6. Other revenue
Contract manufacturing sales  184  79 >100% >100%
Other  81  382  -79 %  -78 %
Other revenue  265  461  -43 %  -41 %
Actual Variance
€ million 2025 2024 Actual rates CER
Other revenue were € 265 million showing a decrease by 43%.
Contract manufacturing sales increased significantly to € 184 million from € 79 million, due to 
higher demand for contract manufacturing after the sale of established brands in the last two 
years. To ensure uninterrupted patient supply, the agreements provide that UCB will continue 
to manufacture these products and supply them to the acquirer for an individual transitional 
period.
“Other” revenue  which include payments from R&D licensing partners or sales milestones 
decreased to € 81 million. This contains in 2025 Biogen for dapirolizumab pegol in Lupus (SLE, 
phase 3 program) and sales milestones for FINTEPLA®. In 2024, the successful completion of 
the sale of rights of two established brands, Atarax® and Nootropil® for Europe and selected 
countries in Latin-America and Asia-Pacific in November 2024, led to other revenue of 
€ 157 million, which did not reoccur in 2025. Also, in 2025 did not reoccur: Termination 
revenue for minzasolmin (€ 92 million) and milestone payments in connection with the 
approval of FINTEPLA® for the treatment of seizures associated with Lennox-Gastraut 
syndrome (LGS) in Japan (€ 34 million). Additionally, the partnership for CIMZIA® in Japan 
ended in April 2025.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 186
Business Performance Review continued
€ 7 294 M
net sales 
excluding 
hedging

[page 187]
1.7. Gross profit
Revenue  7 741  6 152  26 %  29 %
Net sales  7 388  5 613  32 %  35 %
Royalty income and fees  88  78  12 %  17 %
Other revenue  265  461  -43 %  -41 %
Cost of sales  -1 990  -1 752  14 %  15 %
Cost of sales products and services  -1 487  -1 227  21 %  22 %
Royalty expenses  -120  -106  13 %  20 %
Adjusted Gross Profit  6 134  4 819  27 %  31 %
Amortization of intangible assets linked to sales -383  -419  -9 %  -6 %
Gross Profit  5 751  4 400  31 %  34 %
Actual Variance
€ million 2025 2024 Actual rates CER
In 2025, the gross profit before “amortization of intangible assets linked to sales” or adjusted 
gross profit, was € 6 134 million (+27%; +31% CER) and showed an even better performance 
than the topline, thanks to the improved product mix driven by the five growth drivers. The 
adjusted gross margin reached 79.2%, an improvement compared to 2024 with an adjusted 
gross margin of 78.3%. 
Gross profit after “amortization of intangible assets linked to sales” reached € 5 751 million – 
with an improved gross margin of 74.3% after 71.5% in 2024, including lower amortization of 
intangible assets linked to sales.
Cost of sales has three components: the cost of sales for products and services, royalty 
expenses, and the amortization of intangible assets linked to sales: 
• The cost of sales for products and services increased at a lower pace than topline to 
€ 1 487 million (+21%; +22% CER) – thanks to the improved product mix by the five 
growth drivers.
• Royalty expenses reached € 120 million after € 106 million.
• Amortization of intangible assets linked to sales: Under IFRS 3, UCB has reflected on its 
statement of financial position a significant amount of intangible assets relating to the RA 
Pharma (2020) and Zogenix (2022) acquisition (in-process research and development, 
manufacturing know-how, royalty streams, trade names, etc.). The amortization expenses of 
the intangible assets for which products have already been launched decreased to 
€ 383 million (after € 419 million) after divestiture of certain Established Brands and the end 
of the Cimzia patent protection in 2024. 
1.8. Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBITDA
Revenue  7 741  6 152  26 %  29 %
Net sales  7 388  5 613  32 %  35 %
Royalty income and fees  88  78  12 %  17 %
Other revenue  265  461  -43 %  -41 %
Adjusted Gross Profit  6 134  4 819  27 %  31 %
Gross Profit  5 751  4 400  31 %  34 %
Marketing and selling expenses  -2 485  -2 075  20 %  22 %
Research and development expenses  -1 822  -1 781  2 %  4 %
General and administrative expenses  -264  -272  -3 %  -2 %
Other operating income/expenses (-)  829  564  47 %  52 %
Total operating expenses  -3 742  -3 564  5 %  7 %
Adjusted EBIT  2 009  836 >100% >100%
Add: Amortization of intangible assets  433  467  -7 %  -5 %
Add: Depreciation charges  194  174  11 %  13 %
Adjusted EBITDA  2 636  1 476  79 %  87 %
Actual Variance
€ million 2025 2024 Actual rates CER
Operating expenses, encompassing marketing and selling expenses, research and 
development expenses, general and administrative expenses and other operating income/
expenses, increased only by 5% to € 3 742 million. This was supported by higher other 
operating income.  
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 187
Business Performance Review continued

[page 188]
Total operating expenses in relation to revenue (operating expense ratio) improved to 48% 
following 58% in 2024 and are consisting of:
• 20% higher marketing and selling expenses of € 2 485 million (+22% CER), driven by 
continued focused and significant investments behind the global launch activities for UCB’s 
five growth drivers: global BIMZELX® launch activities in up to five indications, global launch 
activities for FINTEPLA® in two indications, global RYSTIGGO® and ZILBRYSQ® launch 
activities and the ongoing expansion of EVENITY® in Europe.
• 2% higher research and development expenses of € 1 822 million (+4% CER) reflect the 
continued investments in UCB’s innovative R&D pipeline encompassing one phase 4 (post-
approval) asset, one asset in submission preparation, four phase 3 projects, three phase 2 
projects plus several clinical studies in preparation to start later in 2026 as well as ongoing 
earlier research activities. More details about the clinical development program can be found 
under “1.2 Key Events”. The R&D ratio reached 24% in 2025 following 29% in 2024 due to 
almost stable expenses and strong revenue growth.
• 3% lower general and administrative expenses of € 264 million (-2% CER), driven by 
continued cost discipline, operational improvement and excellence. Also, the accounting 
effect of long-term incentives (LTI) impacting 2024, did not reoccur in 2025. 
• other operating income increased to € 829 million, following € 564 million in 2024 - driven 
by the net contribution of € 632 million (+32%) from EVENITY®.  EVENITY® is being brought 
to patients globally by Amgen, Astellas and UCB, with net sales outside Europe reported by 
the partners. Hence, the net earnings contribution from outside Europe is reflected here. 
“Other” represents non-recurring proceeds from the sale of established brands in H2 2025 
(€315m) partly compensated by one-off expenses (€111m) due to resolution of contractual 
commitments.
Actual Variance
€ million 2025 2024 Actual rates CER
Collaboration agreement for the 
development and commercialization of 
EVENITY®  632  481  32 %  39 %
Other  198  83 >100% >100%
Total other operating income / expenses 
(-)  829  564  47 %  52 %
Higher revenue driven by the strong net sales growth, improved gross margin due to improved 
product mix, higher operating expenses with good cost control driven by the strong 
investments behind the global launches combined with higher operating income due to the 
continued net earnings contribution for EVENITY® plus other operating one-offs led to an 
increased adjusted EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes) of € 2 009 million, up by >100% .
Total amortization of intangible assets (product related and other) amounted to € 433 million 
after € 467 million. Depreciation charges reached € 194 million after € 174 million. 
Adjusted EBITDA (Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and amortization charges) 
increased by 79% to € 2 636 million (+87% CER), reflecting double-digit revenue growth, 
improved gross margin due to improved product mix, higher operating expenses with good 
cost control driven by the strong investments behind the global launches combined with 
higher operating income due to the continued net earnings contribution for EVENITY® and the 
non-recurring proceeds from product sale partly compensated by one-off expenses due to a 
resolution of contractual commitments..The adjusted EBITDA ratio for 2025 (in % of revenue) 
reached 34.0%, vs 24.0% in 2024. Corrected for the other operating one-offs, the adjusted 
EBITDA was € 2 431 million, representing an adjusted EBITDA ratio of 31.4%.
1.9. Profit
Adjusted EBIT  2 009  836 >100% >100%
Impairment charges  0  -73  -100 %  -100 %
Restructuring expenses  -36  -25  41 %  43 %
Gain/loss (-) on disposals  -2  578 >-100% >-100%
Other income/expenses (-)  -23  8 >-100% >-100%
Total impairment, restructuring and other 
income/expenses (-)  -61  488 >-100% >-100%
EBIT (operating profit)  1 948  1 324  47 %  55 %
Net financial expenses (-)  -126  -161  -22 %  -45 %
Profit before income taxes  1 822  1 163  57 %  70 %
Income tax expenses  -264  -98 >100% >100%
Profit  1 558  1 065  46 %  59 %
Actual Variance
€ million 2025 2024 Actual rates CER
Total impairment, restructuring and other income/expenses (-) amounted to a result of 
€ -61 million (after an income of € 488 million in 2024). The income in 2024 was driven by the 
successful closing of the divestment of UCB’s mature neurology and allergy portfolio in China.
Net financial expenses reached € 126 million, down from € 161 million in 2024. Debt reduction 
and return on cash investments drove this evolution, partially offset by higher cost of hedging.
Income tax expenses increased to € 264 million in 2025, compared with € 98 million in 2024, 
resulting in an effective tax rate of 14%  (2024: 8%). The 2025 tax rate reflects the continued 
and sustainable use of R&D incentives, and the additional recognition of deferred tax assets on 
tax losses. In 2024, the effective tax rate corrected for the impact of a divestment in China was 
at 14%.
Driven by double-digit revenue growth, higher operating expenses reflecting the strong 
investments behind the launches, the continued contribution from EVENITY®, the profit of the 
Group amounted to € 1 558 million after € 1 065 million.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 188
Business Performance Review continued


[page 189]
1.10. Core EPS
Profit  1 558  1 065  46 %  59 %
Total impairment, restructuring and other 
income (-) /expenses  61  -488 >-100% >-100%
Income tax on impairment, restructuring and 
other expenses / credit (-)  -15  15 >-100% >-100%
Profit (-)/loss from discontinued operations  0  0 N/A N/A
Amortization of intangibles linked to sales  383  419  -9 %  -6 %
Income tax on amortization of intangibles 
linked to sales  -86  -65  33 %  37 %
Core profit  1 900  947 >100% >100%
Weighted average number of shares (million)  190  190  0 %
Core EPS 9.99 4.98 >100% >100%
Actual Variance
€ million 2025 2024 Actual rates CER
The profit, adjusted for the after-tax impact of to-be adjusted items, the financial one-offs, the 
after-tax contribution from discontinued operations and the net amortization of intangibles 
linked to sales, amounted to core profit of € 1 900 million (>100%; >100% CER), leading to 
core earnings per share (EPS) of € 9.99 compared to € 4.98 in 2024, per non-dilutive 
weighted average number of shares of 190 million (stable). 
1.11. Capital expenditure
The total capital expenditure amounts to € 449 million (2024: € 322 million) and is as follows:
• In 2025, the tangible capital expenditure resulting from the UCB biopharmaceutical activities 
amounted to € 281 million (2024: € 234 million) and are mainly related to the gene therapy 
facility in Belgium, the new campus site in the U.K. and IT hardware.
• Acquisition of intangible assets reached € 168 million in 2025 (2024: € 88 million) and is 
related to software, capitalized eligible development costs and milestones, and the 
capitalization of external development expenses for post approval studies.
1.12. Statement of financial position
The intangible assets decreased by € 635 million from € 4 082 million at December 31, 2024 
to € 3 447 million at December 31, 2025 mainly due to ongoing amortization of intangible 
assets (€ 433 million) and the negative  impact from translation of foreign currencies 
(€ 422 million) due to weaker USD; offset by € 220 million additions (related to in-licensing 
deals, software and capitalized eligible development costs).
Goodwill at € 5 091 million, a decrease of € 371 million mainly due to a weaker U.S. Dollar 
compared to December 2024.
Other non-current assets at € 3 565 million or € 551 million higher compared to last year, and 
include additions for property, plant and equipment of € 398 million mainly related to the gene 
therapy facility in Belgium and the new campus in the U.K., offset with € 194 million 
depreciation, and an increase of deferred tax assets related to timing differences.
The current assets increased from € 4 788 million as of December 31, 2024 to € 6 054 million 
as of December 31, 2025 and include slightly higher inventory linked to the five growth 
products, higher outstanding trade receivables linked to the increase in sales, and higher cash 
and cash equivalents driven by underlying profitability, including the divestiture of non-core 
assets, partly offset by the prepayment of certain loans.
UCB’s shareholders’ equity, at € 10 867 million, showed an increase of € 838 million between 
December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2025. The main changes stem from the net profit 
(€ 1 558 million), offset with the US$ and GBP currency translation (€ -727 million) and the 
dividend payments (€ -264 million).
The non-current liabilities amounted to € 2 890 million, a decrease of € 900 million, mainly 
driven by the voluntarily prepayment of certain loans (€ 641 million).
The current liabilities amount to € 4 401 million, an increase of € 873 million, and include 
higher outstanding trade and other payables, higher income tax payables. 
Net financial cash at € 7 million as per end December 2025, compared to a net financial debt 
of € 1 454 million as of end December 2024. The decrease is related to the higher cash 
position due to underlying net profitability, including proceeds received from the sale of a non-
core asset. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 189
Business Performance Review continued

[page 190]
1.13. Cash flow statement
The evolution of cash flow generated by biopharmaceutical activities is affected by the following:
• Cash flow from operating activities amounted to € 2 291 million compared to € 1 242 million  
in 2024. The cash inflow stems from underlying net profitability and working capital 
including higher outstanding payables at year-end partially offset by an increase in 
inventories linked to the five product growth drivers and higher outstanding receivables 
reflecting the growing net sales.
• Cash flow from investing activities showed an outflow of € 389 million compared to an 
inflow of € 282 million in 2024. The 2025 investing activities mainly include € 449 million 
capital expenditures offset by proceeds from the sale of other investments of € 88 million. 
The 2024 cash flow from investing activities was mainly driven by the proceeds from the 
divestment of UCB’s mature neurology and allergy business in China.
• Cash flow from financing activities represented a net outflow of € 1 214 million, mainly 
driven by the voluntarily prepayment of certain loans (€ 641 million) absent issuance of new 
debt, the dividend paid to UCB shareholders (€ -264 million), the acquisition of treasury 
shares ( € -121 million) and interests paid ( € -128 million).
1.14. Financial Guidance 2026
Also the year 2026 will reflect UCB’s unwavering focus on innovation and execution 
excellence continuing to deliver results. The company’s strong momentum and resilience is 
supported by a portfolio of five differentiated growth drivers — BIMZELX®, RYSTIGGO®, 
ZILBRYSQ®, FINTEPLA®, and EVENITY® — each addressing significant unmet medical needs 
through unique mechanisms of action. The growth will be supported by expanding patient 
access for BIMZELX® and will overcompensate the expected net sales decline of BRIVIACT® 
due to loss of exclusivity in the U.S. and Europe. 
For 2026, UCB is providing guidance at constant exchange rates. Providing financial guidance 
at constant exchange rates (CER) is a common practice among global companies. It supports 
understanding the underlying operational performance, improves comparability year over year 
and cross companies. 
Revenues are expected to grow in a high single-digit to low double-digit percentage range at 
CER.
UCB will continue to invest behind strong execution around the globe to offer potential new 
solutions for people living with severe diseases and remains committed to invest into research 
and development advancing its late-stage development pipeline. Underlying profitability, 
adjusted EBITDA, is expected to grow in a high single-digit to high teens percentage range at 
CER. Corrected for the other operating one-offs in 2025, adjusted EBITDA growth is expected 
in the high teens to high twenties percentage range at CER. 
The financial guidance 2026 as mentioned above is calculated on the same basis as the actual 
figures for 2025 and is based on current rules and regulations.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 190
Business Performance Review continued

[page 191]
2. Consolidated financial statements
2.1 Consolidated income statement
Continuing operations
Net Sales 6  7 388  5 613 
Royalty income and fees  88  78 
Other revenue 10  265  461 
Revenue  7 741  6 152 
Cost of sales  -1 990  -1 752 
Gross profit  5 751  4 400 
Marketing and selling expenses  -2 485  -2 075 
Research and development expenses  -1 822  -1 781 
General and administrative expenses  -264  -272 
Other operating income/expenses (-) 13  829  564 
Operating profit before impairment, restructuring and 
other income and expenses  2 009  836 
Impairment of non-financial assets 14  0  -73 
Restructuring expenses 15  -36  -25 
Other income/expenses (-) 16  -25  586 
Operating profit  1 948  1 324 
Financial income 17  81  39 
Financial expenses 17  -207  -200 
Profit before income taxes  1 822  1 163 
Income tax expense 18  -264  -98 
Profit from continuing operations  1 558  1 065 
Discontinued operations
Profit/loss (-) from discontinued operations 9  0  0 
Profit  1 558  1 065 
For the year ended December 31
€   m i l l i o n Note 2025 2024
Attributable to:
Equity holders of UCB SA  1 558  1 065 
Non-controlling interests  0  0 
Basic earnings per share (€)
from continuing operations 41.1  8.20  5.61 
from discontinued operations 41.1  0.00  0.00 
Total basic earnings per share  8.20  5.61 
Diluted earnings per share (€)
from continuing operations 41.2  8.03  5.48 
from discontinued operations 41.2  0.00  0.00 
Total diluted earnings per share  8.03  5.48 
For the year ended December 31
€   m i l l i o n Note 2025 2024
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 191


[page 192]
2.2 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
Profit for the period  1 558  1 065 
Other comprehensive income
Items to be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
- Net gain/loss (-) on financial assets at FVOCI  89  0 
- Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations  -727  371 
- Effective portion of gains/losses (-) on cash flow hedges  185  -139 
- Income tax relating to the components of other 
comprehensive Income to be reclassified to profit or loss in 
subsequent periods  -50  30 
Items not to be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
- Remeasurement of defined benefit obligation 33  72  6 
- Income tax relating to the components of other 
comprehensive Income not to be reclassified to profit or loss 
in subsequent periods  -10  0 
Other comprehensive income/loss (-) for the period, net of tax  -441  268 
Total comprehensive income for the period, net of tax  1 117  1 333 
Attributable to:
Equity holders of UCB SA  1 117  1 333 
Non-controlling interests  0  0 
Total comprehensive income for the period, net of tax  1 117  1 333 
For the year ended December 31
€ million Note 2025 2024
2.3 Consolidated statement of financial position
Assets
Non-current assets
Intangible assets 20  3 447  4 082 
Goodwill 21  5 091  5 462 
Property, plant and equipment 22  1 915  1 754 
Deferred income tax assets 32  1 383  1 020 
Financial and other assets (including derivative financial 
instruments) 23  268  241 
Total non-current assets  12 104  12 559 
Current assets
Inventories 24  1 496  1 309 
For the year ended December 31
€   m i l l i o n Note 2025 2024
Trade and other receivables 25  1 861  1 526 
Income tax receivables 36  112  50 
Financial and other assets (including derivative financial 
instruments) 23  308  300 
Cash and cash equivalents 26  2 251  1 573 
Assets of disposal group classified as held for sale 9.2  26  30 
Total current assets  6 054  4 788 
Total assets  18 158  17 347 
Equity and liabilities
Equity
Capital and reserves attributable to UCB shareholders 27  10 867  10 029 
Non-controlling interests 23.6  0  0 
Total equity  10 867  10 029 
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings 29  754  1 539 
Bonds 30  1 429  1 424 
Other financial liabilities (including derivative financial 
instruments) 31  32  65 
Deferred income tax liabilities 32  109  91 
Employee benefits 33  159  228 
Provisions 34  229  227 
Trade and other liabilities 35  92  101 
Income tax payables 36  86  114 
Total non-current liabilities  2 890  3 789 
Current liabilities
Borrowings 29  62  63 
Bonds 30  0  0 
Other financial liabilities (including derivative financial 
instruments) 31  83  128 
Provisions 34  137  172 
Trade and other liabilities 35  3 951  3 019 
Income tax payables 36  168  147 
Liabilities of disposal group classified as held for sale 9.2  0  0 
Total current liabilities  4 401  3 529 
Total liabilities  7 291  7 318 
Total equity and liabilities  18 158  17 347 
For the year ended December 31
€   m i l l i o n Note 2025 2024
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 192
Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 193]
2.4 Consolidated statement of cash flows
Profit for the year attributable to UCB shareholders  1 558  1 065 
Adjustment for non-cash transactions 37  619  590 
Adjustment for items to disclose separately under operating cash 
flow 37  263  98 
Adjustment for items to disclose under investing and financing 
cash flows 37  84  -465 
Change in working capital 37  303  168 
Working capital relating to acquisitions / divestments  0  -28 
Interest received 17  46  29 
Cash flow generated from operations  2 873  1 457 
Tax paid during the period  -582  -215 
Net cash flow used in (-)/generated by operating activities:
From continuing operations  2 291  1 242 
From discontinued operations  0  0 
Net cash flow generated by operating activities  2 291  1 242 
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment 22  -281  -234 
Acquisition of intangible assets 20  -168  -88 
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired  0  0 
Acquisition of other investments  -18  -19 
Sub-total acquisitions  -467  -341 
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment  1  0 
Proceeds from sale of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed  0  0 
Proceeds from divestment of business unit, net of cash disposed  -11  619 
Proceeds from sale of other investments  88  4 
Sub-total disposals  78  623 
Net cash flow used in (-)/generated by investing activities:
From continuing operations  -389  282 
From discontinued operations  0  0 
Net cash flow used in (-)/generated by investing activities:  -389  282 
For the year ended December 31
€   m i l l i o n Note 2025 2024
Proceeds from (+)/repayment of (-) bonds 30.3  0  495 
Proceeds from borrowings 29  0  77 
Repayments of borrowings (-) 29  -641  -756 
Payment of lease liabilities 29  -60  -53 
Acquisition (-) of treasury shares 27  -121  -162 
Dividend paid to UCB shareholders, net of dividend paid on own 
shares 42  -264  -259 
Interest paid 17  -128  -160 
Net cash flow used in (-)/generated by financing activities:
From continuing operations  -1 214  -818 
From discontinued operations  0  0 
Net cash flow used in (-)/generated by financing activities  -1 214  -818 
Net increase/decrease (-) in cash and cash equivalents  688  706 
From continuing operations  688  706 
From discontinued operations  0  0 
Net cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period  1 573  861 
Effect of exchange rate fluctuations  -10  6 
Net cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period  2 251  1 573 
For the year ended December 31
€   m i l l i o n Note 2025 2024
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 193
Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 194]
2.5 Consolidated statement of changes in equity
Balance at January 1, 2025  2 614  (384)  7 395  (3)  426  36  (55)  10 029  –  10 029 
Profit for the period  –  –  1 558  –  –  –  –  1 558  –  1 558 
Other comprehensive income/loss (-)  –  –  –  62  (727)  89  135  (441)  –  (441) 
Total comprehensive income  –  –  1 558  62  (727)  89  135  1 117  –  1 117 
Dividends (Note 41.4)  –  –  (264)  –  –  –  –  (264)  –  (264) 
Share-based payments (Note 28)  –  –  118  –  –  –  –  118  –  118 
Transfer between reserves  –  128  (128)  –  –  –  –  –  –  – 
Treasury shares (Note 27)  –  (133)  –  –  –  –  –  (133)  –  (133) 
Balance at December 31, 2025  2 614  (389)  8 679  59  (301)  125  80  10 867  –  10 867 
2025 Attributed to equity holders of UCB SA
€ million
Share capital 
and share 
premium
Treasury 
shares
Retained 
earnings Other reserves
Cumulative 
translation 
adjustments
Financial 
assets at 
FVOCI
Cash flow 
hedges Total
Non-
controlling 
interests
Total 
stockholders' 
equity
Balance at January 1, 2024  2 614  (353)  6 578  (9)  55  40  50  8 975  –  8 975 
Profit for the period  –  –  1 065  –  –  –  –  1 065  –  1 065 
Other comprehensive income/loss (-)  –  –  –  6  371  (4)  (105)  268  –  268 
Total comprehensive income  –  –  1 065  6  371  (4)  (105)  1 333  –  1 333 
Dividends (Note 41.4)  –  –  (259)  –  –  –  –  (259)  –  (259) 
Share-based payments (Note 28)  –  –  104  –  –  –  –  104  –  104 
Transfer between reserves  –  102  (102)  –  –  –  –  –  –  – 
Treasury shares (Note 27)  –  (133)  –  –  –  –  –  (133)  –  (133) 
Sale of subsidiary  –  –  9  –  –  –  –  9  –  9 
Balance at December 31, 2024  2 614  (384)  7 395  (3)  426  36  (55)  10 029  –  10 029 
2024 Attributed to equity holders of UCB SA
€ million
Share capital 
and share 
premium
Treasury 
shares
Retained 
earnings Other reserves
Cumulative 
translation 
adjustments
Financial 
assets at 
FVOCI
Cash flow 
hedges Total
Non-
controlling 
interests
Total 
stockholders' 
equity
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 194
Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 195]
3. Notes to the consolidated financial statements
196 1 General information
196 2 Additional disclosures related to 2025 
specific topics
196 3 Summary of significant accounting policies
209 4 Critical judgments and accounting 
estimates
211 5 Financial risk management
219 6 Segment reporting
220 7 Revenue from contracts with customers 
222 8 Business combinations 
222 9 Discontinued operations and assets and 
liabilities of disposal group classified as held 
for sale
223 10 Other revenue
223 11 Operating expenses by nature
223 12 Employee benefit expense
224 13 Other operating income/expenses
224 14 Impairment of non-financial assets
224 15 Restructuring expenses
224 16 Other income/expenses
224 17 Financial income and financial expenses
225 18 Income tax expense (-)/credit
226 19 Components of other comprehensive 
income (including NCI)
227 20 Intangible assets
228 21 Goodwill
229 22 Property, plant and equipment
231 23 Financial and other assets
232 24 Inventories
232 25 Trade and other receivables
233 26 Cash and cash equivalents
233 27 Capital and reserves
234 28 Share-based payments
237 29 Borrowings
239 30 Bonds
240 31 Other financial liabilities
241 32 Deferred tax assets and liabilities
243 33 Employee benefits
246 34 Provisions
247 35 Trade and other liabilities
247 36 Income tax payables
248 37 Note to the consolidated statement of cash 
flows
249 38 Financial instruments by category
251 39 Derivative financial instruments
252 40 Leases 
253 41 Earnings per share
254 42 Dividend per share 
254 43 Commitments and contingencies
256 44 Related party transactions 
256 45 Events after the statement of financial 
position date
257 46 UCB Companies (fully consolidated)
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 195


[page 196]
1. General information
UCB SA/NV (UCB or the Company) and its subsidiaries (together the Group) is a global 
biopharmaceutical company focused on severe diseases in two main therapeutic areas namely 
neurology and immunology.
The consolidated financial statements of the Company as at and for the year ended 
December 31, 2025 comprise the Company and its subsidiaries. Within the Group, UCB 
Pharma SA, UCB Biopharma SRL, UCB S.R.O. and UCB Inc., all wholly owned subsidiaries, have 
branches. UCB Pharma SA and UCB Biopharma SRL have branches in the U.K. UCB S.R.O. and 
UCB Inc. have branches respectively in Slovakia and Puerto Rico. These branches are 
integrated into their accounts. 
UCB SA/NV, the parent company, is a limited liability company incorporated and domiciled in 
Belgium.
The registered office is at Allée de la Recherche, 60 – 1070 Brussels, Belgium. UCB is listed on 
the Euronext Brussels Stock Exchange.
The Board of Directors approved these consolidated financial statements and the statutory financial 
statements of UCB SA/NV for issue on February 26, 2026. The shareholders will be requested to 
approve the statutory financial statements of UCB SA/NV at their annual meeting on April 30, 2026. 
2. Additional disclosures related to 2025 specific topics
2.1. Impact of macroeconomic and geopolitical situation on the financial position, 
performance and cash flows of UCB
UCB Group continues to closely monitor the evolving macroeconomic and geopolitical 
environment. While inflation has moderated in several regions, underlying pressures remain 
uneven, and economic growth trajectories continue to diverge across UCB’s core markets.  
UCB is also influenced by increased geopolitical uncertainty. In particular, policy developments 
in the United States, namely, the imposition of pharmaceutical import tariffs and the 
introduction of a Most Favored Nation (MFN) pricing model, represent potential sources of 
financial and operational risk. While these measures have not yet been finalized or fully 
implemented, they may, if enacted, adversely affect the Group's revenue generation, cost 
structure, and pricing flexibility in the U.S. market.     
In accordance with IAS 36, the Group has performed impairment testing on its goodwill and 
intangible assets. The value-in-use calculations are based on cash flow projections that reflect 
reasonable and supportable assumptions representing management's best estimate of the 
range of economic conditions expected to prevail over the remaining useful life of the assets, 
in line with IAS 36.33. While the Group has considered multiple macroeconomic and 
regulatory scenarios, the results of the impairment testing indicate that headroom remains 
sufficient across all tested scenarios. The Group continues to monitor developments closely 
and will update its assessments as necessary to reflect any material changes in the external 
environment.
2.2. Impact of climate-related risks on the financial position, performance and cash 
flows of UCB
UCB is committed to take environmental topics into consideration when developing its 
business strategy. In 2025, UCB updated its climate scenario analysis in line with 
recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) (see 
Environmental section of the Sustainability Statement page 54).
UCB performed a financial quantification of a few physical and transition risks assessed as most 
material. For each risk, potential impacts on revenue, cost of sales and operating expenses as 
well as on capital expenditures were assessed under three climate scenarios and across the 
2030, 2040 and 2050 horizons when feasible. 
UCB’s financial position, performance and cash flows as reported in its consolidated financial 
statements as per December 31, 2025 are not materially impacted by this climate scenario 
analysis. Although this analysis showed that future impacts might be material, UCB still needs 
to conduct more detailed site assessments to understand the net risk factoring in current 
mitigation measures and to develop action plans where necessary. The climate scenario 
analysis did not lead to asset impairments or changes in useful lives. 
UCB intends to periodically repeat and refine this climate scenario analysis to reflect evolving 
science and regulation, to continue monitoring the risks and strengthening the resilience of its 
business model to climate change.
3. Summary of significant accounting policies
The accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements 
are set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, 
unless otherwise stated. 
3.1. Basis of preparation
The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and interpretations issued by the IFRS 
Interpretations Committee (IFRS IC) as endorsed by the European Union as of December 31, 2025.
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use 
of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgment 
in the process of applying the Group accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree 
of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the 
consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 4 Critical judgments and accounting 
estimates.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 196
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 197]
UCB has a subsidiary in Turkey, UCB Pharma A.S., with the functional currency being the 
Turkish lira which is the currency of a hyper-inflationary economy. The assets, liabilities, equity 
items, income and expenses of UCB Pharma A.S. have not been restated in accordance with 
IAS 29 Hyper-inflation before being included in the consolidated financial statements of UCB 
as per December 31, 2025 given that UCB has assessed the impact of the restatement as being 
immaterial. In accordance with UCB’s accounting policies as disclosed in this 2025 Integrated 
Annual Report, assets and liabilities of UCB Pharma A.S. are translated at the rate as per 
December 31, 2025 (Closing rate TRY = 50.472). Income and expenses are translated at the 
average exchange rate of December 2025 (Average rate TRY = 44.387).
3.2. New and amended standards adopted by the group
An amendment to IAS 21 The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates: Lack of 
Exchangeability is mandatory for the first time for the financial year beginning January 1, 2025. 
However, UCB is not impacted by this amendment. 
3.3. Amendments to standards issued but not yet applied
On April 9, 2024, the IASB issued IFRS 18, ‘Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements’. 
This is the new standard on presentation and disclosure in financial statements, with a focus on 
updates to the statement of profit or loss. The key new concepts introduced in IFRS 18 relate 
to the structure of the statement of profit or loss, required disclosures in the financial 
statements for certain profit or loss performance measures that are reported outside an entity’s 
financial statements (that is, management defined performance measures); and enhanced 
principles on aggregation and disaggregation which apply to the primary financial statements 
and notes in general. This new standard will have an impact on the presentation of the 
consolidated income statement of the Group. UCB is currently assessing the impact. 
On May 30, 2024, the IASB issued amendments to the Classification and Measurement of 
Financial Instruments (Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7). UCB is currently assessing the 
impact of these amendments. 
There are no other standards or amendments to standards that are not yet effective and that 
would be expected to have a material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 197
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 198]
3.4. Consolidation
3.4.1. Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The 
Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from 
its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over 
the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to 
the Group. They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.
The Group uses the acquisition method of accounting to account for business combinations. 
The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair value of the assets 
transferred, the liabilities incurred and the equity interests issued by the Group. The 
consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a 
contingent consideration agreement. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. 
Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business 
combination are measured initially at their fair values at acquisition date. On an acquisition-by-
acquisition basis, the Group recognizes any non-controlling interest in the acquiree either at 
fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquiree’s net assets.
Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the Group is recognized at fair value at the 
acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration that is 
deemed to be an asset or liability is recognized in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that 
is classified as equity is not remeasured, and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within 
equity.
Goodwill is initially measured as the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred 
and the fair value of non-controlling interest over the net identifiable assets acquired and 
liabilities assumed. If this consideration is lower than the fair value of the net assets of the 
subsidiary acquired, the difference is recognized in profit or loss. 
Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealized gains on transactions between Group 
companies are eliminated. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction 
provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of subsidiaries 
have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the 
Group.
3.4.2. Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control
The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of 
control as transactions with equity owners of the Group. For purchases from non-controlling 
interests, the difference between any consideration paid and the relevant share acquired of the 
carrying value of net assets of the subsidiary is recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals 
to non-controlling interests are also recorded in equity.
3.4.3. Disposal of subsidiary
When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its 
fair value, with the change in carrying amount recognized in profit or loss. The fair value is the 
initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as 
an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognized in 
other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had 
directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously 
recognized in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.
3.4.4. Associates
Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control, 
generally accompanying a shareholding of between 20%-50% of the voting rights. Investments 
in associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting and are initially 
recognized at cost and the carrying amount is increased or decreased to recognize the 
investor’s share of the profit or loss of the investee after the date of acquisition. The Group’s 
investment in associates includes goodwill identified on acquisition.
When the Group ceases to equity account for an investment because of a loss of significant 
influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value with the change in 
carrying amount recognized in profit or loss. The fair value becomes the initial carrying amount 
for the purposes of subsequent accounting for the retained interest as a financial asset. In 
addition, any amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income in respect of that 
entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. 
This may mean that amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income are 
reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.
If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a 
proportionate share of the amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income are 
classified to profit or loss where appropriate.
The Group share of its associates’ post-acquisition profits or losses is recognized in the income 
statement, and its share of post-acquisition movements in other comprehensive income is 
recognized in other comprehensive income with a corresponding adjustment to the carrying 
amount of the investment. The cumulative post-acquisition movements are adjusted against 
the carrying amount of the investment. When the Group’s share of losses in an associate 
equals or exceeds its interest in the associate, including any other unsecured receivables, the 
Group does not recognize further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments 
on behalf of the associate. 
The carrying amount of investments in associates is tested for impairment in accordance with 
the policy described in Note 3.10 Impairment of non-financial assets. Unrealized gains on 
transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s 
interest in the associates. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 198
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 199]
evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of associates have 
been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.
Dilution gains and losses arising in investments in associates are recognized in the income 
statement.
3.5. Segment reporting
The Group’s activities are in one segment, Biopharmaceuticals. There are no other significant 
classes of business, either singularly or in aggregate. The Chief Operating Decision Makers, 
being the Executive Committee, review the operating results and operating plans, and make 
resource allocation decisions on a company-wide basis; therefore UCB operates as one 
segment.
3.6. Foreign currency translation
The following important exchange rates were used in preparing the consolidated financial 
statements:
USD 1.174 1.035 1.128 1.082
JPY 184.060 162.890 168.727 163.661
GBP 0.872 0.827 0.857 0.846
CHF 0.931 0.940 0.937 0.952
Closing rate Average rate
2025 2024 2025 2024
The closing rates represent spot rates as at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
3.6.1. Functional and presentation currency
Items included in the individual financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are 
measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity 
operates (the functional currency). The consolidated financial statements are presented in euro 
(€), which is the functional currency of the Company, and the presentation currency of the 
Group. 
3.6.2. Transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange 
rates prevailing at the date of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting 
from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates 
of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognized in the 
income statement under Financial income or Financial expenses (Note 17 Financial income 
and financial expenses), except when deferred in other comprehensive income as qualifying 
cash flow hedges and qualifying net investment hedges or when attributable to part of the net 
investment in a foreign operation.
Exchange differences on a foreign currency monetary financial asset measured at FVOCI are 
recognized partly in profit or loss and partly in other comprehensive income. For the purpose 
of recognizing foreign exchange gains and losses under IAS 21, the asset is treated as if it were 
carried at amortized cost in the foreign currency. Accordingly, foreign exchange differences on 
the amortized cost balance and those arising from changes in amortized cost (such as interest 
calculated using the effective interest method and impairment losses) are recognized in profit 
or loss. All other gains and losses (that is, changes in fair value, including exchange differences 
thereon) are recognized in other comprehensive income. 
Exchange differences on a foreign currency non-monetary financial asset measured at FVOCI 
are recognized in other comprehensive income as part of the fair value gain or loss.
3.6.3. Group companies
The results and financial position of all Group entities (none of which has the currency of a 
hyperinflationary economy except for the Turkish entity) that have a functional currency 
different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as 
follows:
• assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the 
closing rate at the date of that statement of financial position;
• income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates 
(unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates 
prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the 
rate on the dates of the transactions); and
• all resulting exchange differences are recognized in other comprehensive income (referred 
to as ‘cumulative translation adjustments’).
On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of the net investment in 
foreign operations, and of borrowings and other currency instruments designated as hedges of 
such investments, are taken to other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is 
partially or wholly disposed of or sold, exchange differences that were recorded in equity are 
recognized in the income statement as part of the gain or loss on sale.
Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as 
assets and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 199
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 200]
3.7. Revenue
Revenue is recognized when control of a good or service transfers to a customer.
3.7.1. Net sales
Net sales encompass revenue recognized resulting from transferring control over products to 
the customer.
The amount of revenue recognized is the amount allocated to the satisfied performance 
obligation taking into account variable consideration. The estimated amount of variable 
consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is highly probable 
that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when 
the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Variable 
consideration that is included in the transaction price relates to sales returns, rebates, trade and 
cash discounts, charge-backs granted to various customers that are part of commercial and 
governmental contractual arrangements or other reimbursement programs, including the U.S. 
Medicaid Drug Rebate program, the U.S. Federal Medicare program and others as well as the 
U.S. Branded Prescription Drug Fee. A liability is recognized for expected sales returns, rebates, 
trade and cash discounts, charge-backs or other reimbursements payable directly or indirectly 
to customers in relation to sales made until the end of the reporting period. Payment terms 
can differ from contract to contract but no element of financing is deemed present. Therefore, 
the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component. A 
receivable is recognized as soon as control over the products is transferred to the customer as 
this is the point in time that the consideration is unconditional because only the passage of 
time is required before the payment is due.
The transaction price is adjusted for any consideration payable to the customer (directly or 
indirectly) that is economically linked to the revenue contract unless the payment is for distinct 
services received from the customer. In the latter case, the fair value of the services received is 
estimated and accounted for as part of marketing and selling expenses. 
The amount of variable consideration is estimated on the basis of historical experience and the 
specific terms in the individual agreements.
Net sales are presented net of value added tax, other sales- related taxes, or any other amounts 
collected on behalf of third parties such as the government or governmental institutions.
3.7.2. Royalty income
Sales-based royalties resulting from the out-licensing of IP are recognized as the subsequent 
underlying sales occur provided that the related performance obligation has been satisfied by 
then.
3.7.3. Other revenue
Other revenue comprises revenue generated through out-licensing, profit-sharing agreements 
and sale agreements relating to assets for which there is no net book value (left) in the 
consolidated statement of financial position, as well as contract manufacturing agreements. 
The underlying performance obligations can be satisfied at a point in time or over time 
depending on the specific situation. 
For performance obligations satisfied over time, revenue is recognized based on a pattern that 
best reflects the transfer of control of the service to the customer. Usually, this progress is 
measured by an input method whereby costs incurred and hours spent relative to total costs 
expected to be incurred and total hours expected to be spent are used as a basis. 
Any variable consideration that is promised in exchange of a license of IP and that is based 
upon achieving certain sales targets, is accounted for in the same way as sales-based royalties 
i.e., at the moment the related sales occur, provided that the related performance obligation 
has been satisfied.
Any variable consideration such as a development milestone payment that is promised in 
exchange for development services or the license of IP, is included in the transaction price as 
from the moment the achievement of the related milestone event is highly probable, which 
then results in a catch up of revenue at that moment for any performance up until that 
moment.
Any upfront payments or license fees for which there are subsequent performance obligations, 
are initially reported as deferred revenue and are recognized as revenue when performance 
obligations are satisfied over the period of the development collaboration or manufacturing 
obligation.
3.8. Cost of sales
Cost of sales includes primarily the direct production costs, related production overheads and 
the amortization of the related intangible assets as well as services rendered. Startup costs are 
expensed as incurred. Royalty expenses directly linked to goods sold are included in “cost of 
goods sold”.
3.9. Research and development
3.9.1. Internally generated intangible assets, research and development expenditure 
All internal research costs are expensed as incurred. Internal development expenditure is 
capitalized only if it meets the recognition criteria of IAS 38 Intangible Assets. Due to long 
development periods and significant uncertainties related to the development of new products 
(such as the risks related to the outcome of clinical trials as well as the likelihood of regulatory 
approval), internal development costs generally do not qualify for capitalization as intangible 
assets. At December 31, 2025, no internal development expenditures have met the recognition 
criteria.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 200
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 201]
3.9.2. Acquired intangible assets
Payments for acquired in-process research and development projects obtained through in-
licensing arrangements, business combinations or separate asset purchases are capitalized as 
intangible assets provided that they are separately identifiable, controlled by the Group and 
expected to provide future economic benefits. As the probability criterion in IAS 38 is always 
considered to be satisfied for separately acquired research and development assets and the 
amount of the payments is determinable, upfront and milestone payments to third parties for 
pharmaceutical products or compounds for which regulatory marketing approval has not yet 
been obtained, are recognized as intangible assets, and amortized on a straight line basis over 
their useful lives from the date on which the products are launched for sale.
3.10. Impairment of non-financial assets
At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its intangible assets, 
goodwill, property, plant and equipment and investments in associates to determine whether 
there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of 
the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss. Irrespective of 
whether there is an indication of impairment, an impairment assessment of the intangibles not 
yet available for use and goodwill is carried out annually. These assets are not amortized. An 
impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its 
recoverable amount.
Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group 
estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (CGU) to which the asset 
belongs. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and 
value in use. To determine the value in use, the Group uses estimates of future cash flows 
generated by the asset or the CGU, using the same methods as those used in the initial 
measurement of the asset or the CGU on the basis of the medium-term plans of each business 
activity. Estimated cash flows are discounted using an appropriate rate that reflects current 
market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or the CGU.
An impairment loss is recognized directly in the income statement under the “impairment of 
non-financial assets” caption. Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an 
impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each reporting date. The 
reversal of the impairment is recognized in the income statement. An impairment loss is 
reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying 
amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortization, if no 
impairment loss had been recognized. Impairment losses on goodwill are never reversed.
Intangible assets are assessed for impairment on a compound by compound basis.
3.11. Restructuring expenses, other income and expenses
The expenses made by the Group in order to be better positioned to face the economic 
environment in which it operates are presented in the income statement as “restructuring 
expenses”.
The gains and losses arising upon the divestment of intangible assets and/or property, plant 
and equipment that constitute a business as well as increases or reversals of provisions for 
litigations, other than tax litigations or litigations related to discontinued operations, are 
presented in the income statement as “other income and expenses”.
3.12. Income taxes
The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred income taxes. Tax expense is 
recognized in the income statement except to the extent that it relates to items recognized in 
other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In the case of items recognized in other 
comprehensive income or in equity, the tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income 
or directly in equity, respectively.
For the accounting policies related to R&D tax credits we refer to Note 3.13.2 R&D tax credit 
under 3.13 Government grants.
The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or 
substantively enacted at the statement of financial position date in the countries where the 
Company’s subsidiaries operate and generate taxable income.
Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset and 
intention either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously.
Deferred income tax is recognized, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising 
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements 
and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit.
Deferred income tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences 
and deferred income tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that future 
taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences, carried forward 
tax credits or carried forward losses can be utilized, taking into account the function and risk 
profile of the taxable entity concerned. Deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises 
from the initial recognition of goodwill or from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a 
transaction (other than in a business combination) that at the time of the transaction affects 
neither accounting nor taxable profit.
The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed at each statement of financial 
position date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable 
profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 201
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 202]
Deferred income tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when 
the liability is settled, or the asset realized. The Group only considers substantively enacted tax 
laws when estimating the amount of deferred taxes to be recognized. Deferred tax assets and 
liabilities are not discounted.
Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognized for temporary differences between the 
carrying amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the Company is 
able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that 
the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are only offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset 
current tax liabilities and assets and the deferred income taxes relate to the same taxable entity 
and the same taxation authority.
3.13. Government grants
Grants from the government are recognized at their fair value where there is a reasonable 
assurance that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached 
conditions.
3.13.1. Recoverable cash payments received from the government
The Group receives cash payments from the government to partially finance certain research 
and development projects. 
The cash payments received from the government are repayable in cash, only if the Group 
decides to exploit and commercialize the results of the research phase of the related project. If 
the Group decides not to proceed with the results from the research phase, the cash 
payments are not repayable. In this case, the rights to the research need to be transferred to 
the government. When the Group receives these cash payments, these are accounted for as 
other non-current liabilities. Only at the moment when there is reasonable assurance that the 
Group will not have to reimburse the cash payments, these cash payments are accounted for 
as government grants and taken up in “other operating income”. More specifically, this is at the 
moment the government confirms the receipt of the research results and its agreement with 
the Group’s decision not to proceed with the research.
3.13.2. R&D tax credit
The R&D tax credit is considered as a government grant related to assets if no additional 
relevant requirements are to be met that are not directly related to the asset. The tax credit is 
taken in profit and loss in line with the costs it is intended to compensate. If the tax credit is 
received to compensate research and development expenses that are not capitalized, the R&D 
tax credit is recognized in P&L at the same moment as the research and development 
expenses, as a credit to the line “Research and development expenses”. If the tax credit is 
received to compensate amortizations on intangible assets e.g., licenses, the R&D tax credit is 
recognized in profit and loss over the (remaining) useful life of the asset and reported as “Other 
operating income”.
The part of the R&D tax credit that cannot be deducted from the taxable income is accounted 
for as a deferred tax asset. In this case, the R&D tax credit can either (i) be received as a cash 
tax refund after the legally foreseen waiting period or (ii) be offset against future taxable 
income. If the R&D tax credit is not refundable by the tax authorities, the recoverability of the 
deferred tax asset is assessed on a regular basis as for the other deferred tax assets. The part of 
the R&D tax credit that can be deducted from taxable income is debited to the current income 
tax liability.
3.14. Interest and dividend income
Interest is recognized on a time proportion basis that takes into account the effective yield on 
the asset. 
Dividends are recognized when the shareholder’s right to receive the payment is established.
3.15. Intangible assets
3.15.1. Patents, licenses, trademarks and other intangible assets
Patents, licenses, trademarks and other intangible assets (collectively referred to as “intangible 
assets”) are shown at historical cost. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are 
recognized at fair value at the acquisition date.
Intangible assets (except for goodwill) are amortized over their useful lives on a straight-line 
basis as from the moment they are available for use (i.e., in case of a license related to a 
compound or product, when the product (containing the compound) is launched for sale). 
Estimated useful life is based on the lower of the contract life or the economic useful life 
(generally between 5 to 20 years). Intangible assets (except for goodwill) are considered to 
have a finite economic useful life; therefore no intangible assets with an indefinite life have 
been identified.
3.15.2. Computer software
Acquired computer software licenses are capitalized on the basis of the costs incurred to 
acquire and bring to use the specific software. These costs are amortized over their estimated 
useful lives (3 to 5 years) on a straight-line basis.
3.16. Goodwill
Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries and associates and represents the excess of 
the consideration transferred over the Group’s interest in the net fair value of the net 
identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the acquiree and the fair value of the 
non-controlling interest in the acquiree.
Goodwill is initially recognized as an asset at cost and is subsequently carried at cost less 
accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill related to the acquisition of subsidiaries is presented 
separately on the face of the statements of financial position, whereas goodwill arising upon 
acquisition of associated companies is included in the investment in associated companies.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 202
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 203]
UCB operates as one segment and has one cash generating unit for the purpose of 
impairment testing.
As goodwill is considered to have an indefinite life, it is tested for impairment annually, and 
whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired, by comparing its carrying amount with 
its recoverable amount. If the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than the 
carrying amount of the unit, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying 
amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro rata 
on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. Impairment losses on goodwill 
are not reversed.
On disposal of a subsidiary or an associate, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in 
the determination of the profit or loss on disposal of the entity.
In the event that the fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities 
exceeds the cost of the business combination, the excess remaining after reassessment is 
recognized directly in profit or loss.
3.17. Property, plant and equipment
All property, plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and 
impairment losses except for property, plant and equipment under construction, which is 
carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses.
Cost includes all directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition for its 
intended use.
Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalized 
as part of that equipment.
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a 
qualifying asset are capitalized as part of the cost of that asset.
Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a separate 
asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with 
the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other 
repairs and maintenance are expensed as they are incurred.
Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of assets, other 
than land and properties under construction, to their residual values over their estimated useful 
lives. Depreciation commences when the asset is ready to be used. Land is not depreciated.
The residual value and the useful life of an asset are reviewed at least at each financial year-end 
and, if expectations differ from previous estimates, the change(s) is(are) accounted for as a 
change in an accounting estimate in accordance with IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in 
Accounting Estimates and Errors.
The following useful lives are applicable to the main property, plant and equipment categories:
Buildings 20 – 33 years
Machinery 7 – 15 years
Laboratory equipment 7 years
Prototype equipment 3 years
Furniture and fixtures 7 years
Vehicles 5 – 7 years
Computer equipment 3 years
Right-of-use assets Shorter of asset’s useful life and leasing term
Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds from disposal with 
the carrying amount and are recognized under “other operating income and expenses” in the 
income statement.
Investment property is indicative of land and buildings held to earn rentals. Such assets are 
initially carried at cost and depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. 
The underlying useful lives correspond to those of self-used tangible assets. Given the 
insignificant amount of investment property, it is not separately presented in the statement of 
financial position.
3.18. Leases
The Group leases various properties, equipment and cars and the rental contracts are typically 
made for a fixed, short- or long-term period. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis 
and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not 
impose any covenants, but leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.
Leases are recognized as a right-of-use asset and corresponding liability at the date of which 
the leased asset is available for use by the Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the 
liability and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to the income statement over the lease 
period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the 
liability for each period. The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s 
useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.
Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease 
liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:
• fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;
• variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate.
There are no leases for which it is expected that the Group would need to pay a residual value 
guarantee or a certain amount to exercise a purchase option whereby it is reasonably certain 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 203
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 204]
that the Group will exercise this option or any penalties for terminating the lease in case the 
lease term reflects that the Group will exercise this option to terminate the lease. 
The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can 
be determined, or the Group’s incremental borrowing rate.
Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:
• the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;
• any lease payments made at or before the commencement date;
• any initial direct costs (except for the leases already existing at transition date), 
and 
• restoration costs.
Right-of-use assets are presented as part of property, plant and equipment and lease liabilities 
as part of borrowings in the statement of financial position. All lease payments that are due 
within 12 months are classified as current liabilities. All lease payments that are due at least 12 
months after the statement of financial position date are classified as non-current liabilities.
Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognized on a 
straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term 
of 12 months or less. Low-value assets comprise mainly IT-equipment (laptops, tablets, mobile 
phones, PCs) and small items of office equipment and furniture.
Some of the car leases contain variable lease payments. This concerns car lease agreements 
that contain a Terminal Rental Adjustment Clause (TRAC): a final settlement calculation is 
made at termination of the lease to determine the final rental adjustment. This final rent 
adjustment is a rent payment (or credit) that reflects actual usage of the vehicle while under 
lease. This final amount is not known at lease commencement. The rental adjustment amount 
is not a specified amount but depends upon known factors such as monthly depreciation and 
initial acquisition cost, and several unknown factors at lease commencement, such as mileage, 
condition of the vehicle, wear and tear, damage, geography of operation, disposal channel, 
and other factors. Together, these factors generally represent “use” of the vehicle. Payments 
that vary due to use of the underlying asset and vehicle mileage specifically are variable lease 
payments. The final rental adjustment is recognized as expense or, in case of a credit, as a 
reduction of expenses when realized. 
Extension options are included in a number of property and car leases across the Group. These 
terms are used to maximize operational flexibility in terms of managing contracts. The 
extension options held are exercisable only by the Group and not by the respective lessor.
There are no material lease agreements whereby the Group is the lessor.
3.19. Financial assets investments
3.19.1. Classification
The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories: those to be 
measured subsequently at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL), those to be measured 
subsequently at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI), those to be 
measured at amortized cost. The classification depends on the Group’s business model for 
managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of the cash flows.
Investments are included in non-current assets unless management intends to dispose of the 
investment within 12 months of the statement of financial position date.
Regular purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized on the trade date – the date on 
which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognized 
when the rights to receive cash flows from the investments have expired or have been 
transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership. 
For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or 
other comprehensive income (OCI). For investments in equity instruments that are not held for 
trading, this will depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of 
initial recognition to account for the equity investment at fair value through OCI (FVOCI).
3.19.2. Measurement
At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in case of a 
financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL), transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried 
at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.
Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining 
whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.
Debt instruments
The Group currently does not have any investments in debt instruments.
Equity instruments
The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s 
management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, 
there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following 
the de-recognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognized 
in profit or loss as financial income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.
Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments measured at 
FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 204
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 205]
Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognized in financial income / 
expenses in the income statement. 
The fair value of listed investments is based on current bid prices. If the market for a financial 
asset is not active (and for unlisted securities), the Group establishes fair value by using 
valuation techniques.
3.20. Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities
The Group uses derivative financial instruments to hedge its exposure to foreign exchange and 
interest rate risks arising from operational, financing and investment activities. The Group does 
not engage in speculative transactions.
Derivative financial instruments are initially recorded at fair value and attributable transaction 
costs are recognized in the income statement when incurred. Derivative financial instruments 
are subsequently remeasured at their fair value.
The Group includes the credit and the nonperformance risks into its valuation techniques 
leading to non-material impact on derivative valuation resulting from credit or debit margin 
adjustments made on counterparts with who financial market transactions are contracted.
The method of recognizing the resulting gains or losses depends on whether the derivative 
financial instrument is designated as a hedging instrument and if so, the nature of the item 
being hedged. The Group designates derivative financial instruments as either cash flow 
hedges, fair value hedges or net investment hedges. 
The Group documents at inception of the transaction the economic relationship between the 
hedging instrument and the hedged item, as well as its risk management objectives and 
strategy for undertaking the hedging transaction. The Group updates this assessment when 
required for example when the hedge ratio is rebalanced or when the analysis of sources of 
hedge ineffectiveness is updated. 
The full fair value of a hedging derivative financial instrument is classified as a non-current asset 
or liability when the remaining maturity of the hedged item is more than 12 months and as a 
current asset or liability when the remaining maturity of the hedged item is less than 12 months. 
Derivative financial instruments embedded in financial liabilities are separated from the host 
contract and accounted for separately if the economic characteristics and risks of the host 
contract and the embedded derivative financial instrument are not closely related, a separate 
instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative financial instrument would meet 
the definition of a derivative financial instrument, and the combined instrument is not 
measured at fair value through profit or loss.
The Group also entered into renewable energy Virtual Power Purchase Agreements (VPPAs) to 
sustain its ESG objectives. By nature, VPPAs incorporate an embedded derivative, measured, 
and valued as such in accordance with IFRS 9 standards.
The valuation of the embedded derivative within the VPPA (Virtual Power Purchase Agreement) 
relies on a valuation model utilizing the discounted cash flows method, which considers the 
present value of the expected future cash flows from the expected production output and 
power prices over the VPPA’s remaining duration. This (simplified) valuation approach includes 
all material factors that market participants would consider when determining a transaction 
price for the embedded derivative in a regular market transaction. These VPPA agreements also 
provide for the delivery of Guarantees of Origin (GoOs), for which the valuation is determined 
at inception and isolated from the embedded derivative’s valuation. The GoOs obtained are not 
treated as separate financial assets because the Group employs the ‘own use’ exemption and 
will be recognized on a cash basis.
3.20.1. Cash flow hedges
The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments that are 
designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognized in other comprehensive income. The 
gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in the income 
statement within “Financial income/ Financial expenses”. 
When option contracts are used to hedge a firm commitment or forecast transaction, the 
group designates only the intrinsic value of the options as the hedging instrument. Gains or 
losses relating to the effective portion of the change in intrinsic value of the options are 
recognized in other comprehensive income. The changes in the time value of the options that 
relate to the hedged item (‘aligned time value’) are also recognized within OCI. These will be 
moved to the income statement (financial income / expenses) when the hedged transaction 
affects the P&L (in case of transaction related hedges) or over the period of the hedge (in case 
of time-period related hedges).
When forward contracts are used to hedge forecast transactions, the Group generally 
designates only the change in fair value of the forward contract related to the spot component 
as the hedging instrument. Gains or losses relating to the effective portion of the change in the 
spot component of the forward contracts are recognized in OCI. The change in the forward 
element of the contract that relates to the hedged item (‘aligned forward element’) is 
recognized in the income statement (financial income / expenses).
Gains or losses relating to the effective portion of the change in intrinsic value of the options or 
relating to the effective portion of the change in the spot component of the forward contracts 
accumulated in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss in the periods 
when the hedged item affects profit or loss on the same line of the income statement where 
the designated hedged item affects profit or loss. However if the cash flow hedge of a firm 
commitment or forecasted transaction results in the recognition of a non-financial asset or a 
non-financial liability, then, at the time the asset or liability is recognized, the associated gains 
or losses on the derivative financial instrument that had previously been recognized in other 
comprehensive income are included in the initial measurement of the asset or liability.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 205
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 206]
When hedging with forwards and financial instruments with foreign currency basis spreads, the 
Group decides on a hedging-relationship-by-hedging-relationship basis to account for the changes 
in the currency basis spread by applying either the same accounting as for the time value of options 
or by recognizing these changes in value in the income statement (financial income / expenses).
When a hedging instrument expires, or is sold or terminated, or when a hedge no longer 
meets the criteria for hedge accounting, any cumulative deferred gain or loss in other 
comprehensive income at that time remains in other comprehensive income until the forecast 
transaction occurs, resulting in the recognition of a non-financial asset or liability. When the 
forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gains or losses that were 
reported in other comprehensive income are immediately reclassified to the income statement 
(financial income / expenses). 
3.20.2. Fair value hedges
Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments that are designated and qualify as 
fair value hedges are recorded in the income statement under “Financial income/Financial 
expenses”, together with any changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are 
attributable to the hedged risk.
3.20.3. Net investment hedges
Hedges of net investments in foreign operations are accounted for similarly to cash flow 
hedges. Any gain or loss on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the 
hedge is recognized in the cumulative translation adjustments reserve; the gain or loss relating 
to the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in the income statement within “Financial 
income/Financial expenses”. Gains and losses accumulated in equity are recycled to the 
income statement when the foreign operation is (partially) disposed of or sold.
3.20.4. Derivative financial instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting
Changes in the fair value of any derivative financial instruments that do not qualify for hedge 
accounting are recognized immediately in the income statement within “Financial income/ 
Financial expenses”.
3.21. Inventories
Raw materials, consumables, goods purchased for resale, work in progress and finished goods 
are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
Cost is determined using the weighted average cost method. The cost of work in progress and 
finished goods comprises all the costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the 
inventories to their present location and condition. The conversion costs include the cost of 
production and the related fixed and variable production overhead costs (including 
depreciation charges).
Net realizable value represents the estimated selling price less all estimated costs of 
completion and costs to be incurred in marketing, selling and distribution.
Clinical trial materials are active substances and development supplies that are used in R&D 
activities. As these are not used to be sold in the ordinary course of business, these do not 
meet the definition of inventory. However these are presented as other current assets in the 
statement of financial position as the clinical trial materials meet the definition of an asset as it 
is probable they will result in future economic benefits flowing to the Group and as their cost 
or value can be measured reliably.
3.22. Trade receivables
Trade receivables are recognized initially at fair value and are subsequently measured at 
amortized cost using the effective interest rate method, less provision for expected credit losses.
For determining the expected credit losses, the Group applies the simplified approach 
permitted by IFRS 9, which requires lifetime losses to be recognized from initial recognition of 
the receivables. The Group identified two categories of trade receivables: receivables on 
private customers and receivables on public sector customers. For each of these categories, 
the Group makes use of a provision matrix in order to determine lifetime expected credit losses.
In case there is an indication or evidence of impairment for a specific receivable, this receivable 
will be impaired for the amount of lifetime expected credit losses.
For all receivables that are covered by a credit insurance or by a factoring agreement without 
recourse, the lifetime expected credit losses will be calculated taking into account this cover.
3.23. Cash and cash equivalents
For the purpose of presentation in the Statement of Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents 
comprise cash at bank and on hand, and short-term cash investments including money market 
fund investments, term deposits, demand deposits and other short-term highly liquid 
investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to 
known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and 
bank overdrafts. Bank overdrafts, in the statement of financial position, are shown within 
borrowings in current liabilities.
3.24. Non-current assets (or disposal groups) held for sale and discontinued operations
A discontinued operation is a component of the company that either has been disposed of, or 
that is classified as held for sale. It must either: represent a major separate line of business or 
geographical area of operations; be part of a single coordinated disposal plan; or be a 
subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale.
Non-current assets or a disposal group are classified as held for sale when their carrying 
amount is to be recovered principally through a sale transaction and a sale is considered highly 
probable. Non-current assets and disposal groups are measured at the lower of the carrying 
amount and fair value less costs to sell if their carrying amount will be recovered principally 
through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. Impairment losses upon initial 
classification as held for sale are recognized in the income statement. Non-current assets 
classified as held for sale are neither depreciated nor amortized.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 206
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 207]
3.25. Share capital
3.25.1. Ordinary shares
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of 
new shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds. The 
Company did not issue any preference or mandatory redeemable preference shares.
3.25.2. Treasury shares
When any Group company purchases the Company’s equity share capital (treasury shares), the 
consideration paid, including attributable direct costs (net of income taxes) is deducted from 
the equity attributable to the Company’s equity holders until the shares are cancelled or sold. 
Where such shares are subsequently sold, any consideration received, net of any directly 
attributable incremental transaction costs and the related income tax effects, is included in 
equity attributable to the Company’s equity holders.
3.26. Bonds and borrowings
Bonds, borrowings and overdrafts are initially measured at fair value, net of transaction costs 
incurred, and are subsequently measured at amortized cost, using the effective interest rate 
method. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the settlement or 
redemption of borrowings, is recognized over the term of the borrowings in accordance with 
the Group accounting policy.
Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to 
defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the statement of financial position 
date.
Accrued interests on bonds and borrowings are included under current ‘Trade and other 
liabilities’. It concerns the nominal interest or coupon that is part of ‘Trade and other liabilities’. 
The impact from transaction costs and/or issuance below 100% is included in the amounts for 
‘Borrowings’ or ‘Bonds’.
3.27. Trade payables
Trade payables are initially measured at fair value and are subsequently measured at amortized 
cost using the effective interest method.
3.28. Employee benefits
3.28.1. Pension obligations
The Group operates various post-employment schemes, including both defined benefit and 
defined contribution pension plans.
A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays fixed contributions 
into a separate entity and has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions 
in the event that the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits 
relating to employee service in the current and prior periods. 
Obligations for contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognized as an 
employee benefit expense in the consolidated income statement when they are due. Prepaid 
contributions are recognized as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in 
future payments is available.
Typically defined benefit plans define an amount of pension benefit that an employee will 
receive on retirement, usually dependent on one or more factors such as age, years of service 
and compensation. The liability recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position 
in respect of defined benefit pension plans is the present value of the defined benefit obligation 
less the fair value of plan assets. Any surplus resulting from this calculation is limited to the 
present value of any economic benefits available in the form of refunds from the plans or 
reductions in future contributions to the plans.
The defined benefit obligation is calculated by independent actuaries using the Projected Unit 
Credit Method. A full actuarial valuation based on updated personnel information is performed 
at least every three years. Additionally, if the net fluctuation recognized on the statement of 
financial position is more than 10% from one year to the next due to plan circumstances 
(significant membership changes, modification to plan, etc.), a full actuarial valuation is also 
required. For years where a full actuarial valuation is not required, projections (known as “roll-
forwards”) from the previous year with updated assumptions (discount rate, salary increase, 
turnover) is used. For these “roll-forward” valuations, the individual employee data from the last 
full valuation date are used taking into account assumptions for salary increases and possibly 
turnover.
All valuations measure liabilities at the applicable statement of financial position date and the 
market value of retirement plan assets are also reported at this date regardless of whether a full 
or a “roll-forward” valuation is performed.
The present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated 
future cash outflows using yields on high quality corporate bonds that have maturity dates 
approximating the terms of the related Group obligations and that are denominated in the 
same currency in which the benefits are expected to be paid.
Remeasurement comprising of actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling (if 
applicable) and the return on plan assets (excluding interest), are recognized immediately in the 
statement of financial position with a charge or credit to other comprehensive income in the 
period in which they occur. Remeasurement recorded in other comprehensive income is not 
recycled. However, the entity may transfer those amounts recognized in other comprehensive 
income within equity. Past service cost is recognized in profit or loss in the plan amendment 
period. Net-interest is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability 
or asset. Defined benefit costs are split into three categories:
• service cost, past-service cost, gains and losses on curtailments and settlements; 
• net-interest expense or income;
• remeasurement.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 207
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 208]
The Group presents the first two components of defined benefit costs in the line item 
“employee benefits expense” in its consolidated income statement (by nature of expenses 
aggregation). Net-interest expense or income is presented as part of the Operating profit. 
Curtailments gains and losses are accounted for as past-service cost. Remeasurements are 
recorded in other comprehensive income.
3.28.2. Other post-retirement employee benefits
Some Group companies provide post-retirement healthcare benefits to their retirees. The 
Group’s net obligation is the amount of future benefits that employees have earned in return 
for their service in the current and prior periods. The expected costs of these benefits are accrued 
over the period of employment using the same methodology used for defined benefit plans.
3.28.3. Termination benefits
Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated before the normal 
retirement date, or when an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these 
benefits. The Group recognizes termination benefits when it is demonstrably committed to 
either: terminating the employment of current employees according to a detailed formal plan 
without possibility of withdrawal; or providing termination benefits as a result of an offer made 
to encourage voluntary redundancy. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after statement 
of financial position date are discounted to present value.
3.28.4. Other long-term employee benefits
The liabilities for jubilee premiums and long service awards are measured as the present value 
of expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided by employees up to 
the end of the reporting period using the projected unit credit method. Consideration is given 
to expected future wage and salary levels, experience of employee departures and periods of 
service. Expected future payments are discounted using yields on high quality corporate bonds 
with terms and currencies that match, as closely as possible, the estimated future cash 
outflows. Remeasurements as a result of experience adjustments and changes in actuarial 
assumptions are recognized in profit or loss.
3.28.5. Profit-sharing and bonus plans 
The Group recognizes a liability and an expense for bonuses and profit-sharing, based on a 
formula that takes into consideration the profit attributable to the company’s employees after 
certain adjustments. The Group recognizes a provision when a reliable estimate of the 
obligation can be made as there is a past practice for bonus and profit-sharing payments that 
has created a constructive obligation. 
3.28.6. Share-based payments
The Group operates several equity-settled and cash-settled share-based compensation plans.
The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of stock options is 
recognized as an expense. The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the 
fair value of the stock options granted, excluding the impact of any service and non-market 
performance vesting conditions (e.g., profitability, remaining an employee of the entity over a 
specified time period).
Service and non-market vesting conditions are included in the assumptions about the number 
of options that are expected to vest. The total amount expensed is recognized over the vesting 
period, which is the period over which all the specified vesting conditions are to be satisfied.
The fair value of the stock option plan is measured at the grant date using the Black-Scholes 
valuation model which takes into account the expected life and cancellation rate of the 
options. At each statement of financial position date, the entity revises its estimates of the 
number of options that are expected to vest. It recognizes the impact of the revision to original 
estimates, if any, in the income statement, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.
The fair value of the amount payable to employees in respect of share appreciation rights, 
phantom share option, share award and performance share plans, which are settled in cash, is 
recognized as an expense, with a corresponding increase in liabilities, over the period that the 
employees become unconditionally entitled to payment. The liability is re-measured at each 
statement of financial position date and at settlement date.
Any changes in the fair value of the liability are recognized as personnel expenses in the 
income statement.
3.29. Provisions
Provisions are recognized in the statement of financial position when:
• there is a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event;
• it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to 
settle the obligation; and
• a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
The amount recognized as a provision is the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle 
the present obligation at the statement of financial position date. Provisions are measured at 
the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation using a 
discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks 
specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is 
recognized as interest expense.
A restructuring provision is recognized when the Group has a detailed formal plan and has 
raised a valid expectation in those affected that it will carry out the restructuring by starting to 
implement that plan or announcing its main features to those affected by it.
Environmental provisions are mainly resulting from legal contractual obligations. For more 
information about these environmental and other provisions we refer to Note 34 Provisions.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 208
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 209]
4. Critical judgments and accounting estimates
Estimates and judgments are continuously evaluated and are based on historical experience 
and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable 
under the circumstances.
4.1. Critical judgments in applying the group accounting policies
Revenue recognition
The Group is party to out-licensing agreements, which can involve upfront payments, 
development milestones, sales milestones and royalties that may occur over several years and 
involve certain future contract liabilities. For all out-licensing agreements whereby a license is 
transferred with other goods or services, the Group first makes an assessment about whether 
or not the license is to be considered as a distinct performance obligation or not. If the transfer 
of the license is considered to be a separate performance obligation, revenue relating to the 
transfer of the license is recognized at a point in time or over time depending on the nature of 
the license. Revenues are only recognized over time if the Group is performing development, 
manufacturing or other activities that could significantly affect the IP transferred, hereby 
exposing the licensee to the effects of these activities when these activities do not represent a 
separate service. If the Group assesses that these conditions are not fulfilled, revenue resulting 
from out-licensing agreements is recognized at the moment control over the license is 
transferred.
If revenues are recognized over time and in case the input method is assessed as the best 
method to reflect the transfer of control of the service to the customer, some judgment may 
be required in applying this method especially in estimating the total costs and hours to be 
incurred. In this case the Group uses its best estimate based on past experience and actual 
knowledge and progress of the service to be provided. Estimates are reassessed on a 
continuous basis. Seen the activities of the Group, in most cases, the input method provides 
the most faithful depiction of the transfer of the service to the customer. 
For licenses that are bundled with other services (e.g., development or manufacturing services) 
the Group will apply judgment to assess whether the combined performance obligation is 
satisfied at a point in time or over time. If revenue is recognized over time, the Group will apply 
judgment in determining the period over which the services are provided. The Group will also 
apply judgment when allocating the components of the transaction price to the different 
performance obligations in case the out-licensing agreement includes other performance 
obligations in addition to the transfer of the license. 
Revenue recognition for out-licensing agreements is therefore based on the specific 
conditions of each out-licensing agreement. This might result in cash receipts being initially 
recognized as contract liabilities and then released to revenue in subsequent accounting 
periods based on the different conditions specified in the agreement.
Discontinued operations
Operations that are classified as held for sale or have been disposed of, are presented as 
discontinued operations in the consolidated income statement when the operations represent 
a major separate line of business or geographical area of operations, are part of a single 
coordinated disposal plan or represent a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale. 
The assessment on what is a major separate line of business is done on a case-by-case basis 
and depends on the size of the operations in terms of revenues, gross profit or total value of 
assets and liabilities compared to the total operations of the Group. Based on this assessment, 
the divestment of UCB’s mature neurology and allergy business in China, including KEPPRA®, 
VIMPAT®, NEUPRO®  ZYRTEC®, XYZAL® and the Zhuhai manufacturing site to CBC Group 
and Mubadala Investment Company in 2024, has not been considered as a discontinued 
operation. 
Leases
In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that create 
an economic incentive to exercise an extension or termination option. The assessment is 
reviewed if a significant event or a significant change in circumstances occurs which affects 
this assessment. During the current financial year, no material additional lease liabilities and 
right-of-use assets have been recognized following revision of lease terms to reflect the effect 
of exercising extension options. As per December 31, 2025, potential future cash outflows 
(undiscounted) of approximately € 13 million have not been included in the lease liability, 
because it is not reasonably certain that the leases will be extended (or not terminated).
4.2. Critical accounting estimates and assumptions
The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with IFRS as adopted for use by the 
European Union requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the 
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at 
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during 
the reporting period.
Management bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that 
are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making the 
reported amounts of revenue and expenses that may not be readily apparent from other 
sources. Actual results will by definition not equal those estimates. Estimates and assumptions 
are reviewed periodically and the effects of revisions are reflected in the financial statements in 
the period they are determined to be necessary.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 209
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 210]
4.2.1. Sales allowances
The Group has accruals for expected sales returns, chargebacks and other rebates, including 
the U.S. Medicaid Drug Rebate program and the U.S. Federal Medicare program, and similar 
rebates in other countries. Such estimates are based on analyses of existing contractual 
obligations or legislation, historical trends and the Group experience. After assessment of the 
Management, the total accruals for these items are adequate, based upon currently available 
information and interpretation of relevant regulations. As these deductions are based on 
management estimates, the actual deductions might differ from these estimates.
Such differences could impact the accruals recognized in the statement of the financial 
position in future periods and consequently the level of sales recognized in the income 
statement in future period, as there is often a time lag of several months between the 
recording of the estimate and the final accounting of the sales allowances. In general, the 
discounts, rebates and other deductions shown on the invoice are accounted for as an 
immediate deduction from gross sales in the income statement. The sales returns, 
chargebacks, rebates and discounts that are not mentioned on the invoice are estimated, 
deducted from sales and presented on the statement of the financial position in the 
appropriate accrual account and deducted from sales. 
All sales allowances are considered as being part of the variable consideration included in the 
transaction price. The amount of variable consideration included in the transaction price is 
determined so that the total transaction price is the price estimated by management as not 
being constrained. 
4.2.2. Intangible assets and goodwill
The Group has intangible assets with a carrying amount of € 3 447 million (Note 20 Intangible 
assets) and goodwill with a carrying amount of € 5 091 million (Note 21 Goodwill). Intangible 
assets are amortized over their useful lives on a straight-line basis as from the moment they are 
available for use (i.e. when related products are launched for generating sales).
Management estimates that the useful life for acquired in-progress R&D compounds equates 
to the period these compounds benefit from patent protection or data exclusivity. For the 
intangible assets acquired through a business combination and which comprises compounds 
that are marketed but for which no patent protection or data exclusivity exists, management 
estimates that the useful life equates to the period in which these compounds will realize 
substantially all the cash contributions.
These intangible assets and goodwill are regularly reviewed for impairment and whenever 
there is an indication that an impairment might exist. The intangible assets that are not yet 
available for use and goodwill are subject to at least annual impairment testing.
To assess if there is any impairment, estimates are made of the future cash flows expected to 
result from the use of these assets and their eventual disposal. These estimated cash flows are 
then adjusted to the present value using an appropriate discount rate that reflects the risks and 
uncertainties associated with the forecasted cash flows.
Actual outcomes could vary significantly from such estimates of discounted future cash flows. 
Factors such as the entrance or absence of competition, technical obsolescence or lower than 
expected rights could result in shortened useful lives and impairments.
The Group applied the following key assumptions for the “value in use” calculations required 
for the impairment testing of intangible assets and goodwill at year-end:
• Grow rate for terminal value at 2%
• Discount rate in respect of goodwill and intangibles related to marketed products at 8.25%
Since the cash flows also take into account tax expenses, a post-tax discount rate is used in the 
impairment testing.
Management estimates that the use of the post-tax discount rate approximates the results of 
using a pre-tax rate applied to pre-tax cash flows.
4.2.3. Environmental provisions 
The Group has provisions for environmental remediation costs, which are disclosed in Note 34 
Provisions. The most significant elements of the environmental provisions consist of costs to 
fully clean and refurbish contaminated sites and to treat contamination at certain other sites, 
mainly related to the discontinued chemical and films activities of the Group.
Future remediation expenses are affected by a number of uncertainties that include, among 
others, the detection of previously unknown contaminated sites, the method and extent of 
remediation, the percentage of waste attributable to the Group, and the financial capabilities of 
the other potentially responsible parties. Given the inherent difficulties in estimating the 
liabilities in this area, it cannot be guaranteed that additional costs will not be incurred beyond 
the amounts currently accrued. The effect of resolution of environmental matters on results of 
operations cannot be predicted due to uncertainty concerning both the amount and timing of 
future expenditures and the results of future operations. Such changes that arise could impact 
the provisions recognized in the statement of the financial position in the future.
4.2.4. Employee benefits 
The Group currently has many defined benefit plans, which are disclosed in Note 33 Employee 
benefits. The calculation of the assets or liabilities related to these plans is based upon 
statistical and actuarial assumptions. This is in particular the case for the present value of the 
defined benefit obligation which is impacted by assumptions on discount rates used to arrive at 
the present value of future pension liabilities, and assumptions on future increases in salaries 
and benefits.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 210
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 211]
Furthermore, the Group uses statistically-based assumptions covering areas such as future 
withdrawals of participants from the plans and estimates of life expectancy. The actuarial 
assumptions used might differ materially from actual results due to changes in market and 
economic conditions, higher or lower employee turnover, longer or shorter life spans of 
participants, and other changes in the factors being assessed.
These differences could impact the assets or liabilities recognized in the statement of financial 
position in future periods.
4.2.5. Tax positions 
The Group operates in multiple jurisdictions with often complex legal and tax regulatory 
environments. The Group engages constructively with the tax authorities. Where appropriate, 
UCB engages advisors and legal counsel to obtain opinions on tax legislation and principles. 
The income tax positions taken are considered by the Group to be supportable and are 
intended to withstand challenge from tax authorities. However, it is acknowledged that some 
of the positions are uncertain and include interpretations of complex tax laws as well as 
transfer pricing considerations which could be disputed by tax authorities. The Group judges 
these positions on their technical merits and this on a regular basis using all the information 
available (legislation, case law, regulations, established practice, authoritative doctrine as well as 
the current state of discussions with tax authorities, where appropriate). 
A liability is recorded for each item that is not probable of being sustained on examination by 
the tax authorities and after using all legal remedies of defending the position before Court, 
based on all relevant information. The liability is calculated taking into account the most likely 
outcome for corporate income tax related matters or the expected value for corporate income 
tax and transfer pricing matters, depending on which is thought to give a better prediction of 
the resolution of each uncertain tax position in view of reflecting the likelihood of an 
adjustment being recognized upon examination. These estimates are based on facts and 
circumstances existing at the end of the reporting period. The tax liability and income tax 
expense include expected penalties and late payment interests arising from tax disputes. 
An asset for tax audit adjustments is recorded when the Group considers it probable, based on 
the technical merits of the tax case, that a Mutual Agreement or Arbitration Procedure may 
provide for relief in one or more jurisdictions. The asset is calculated as the expected value (as 
relating to transfer pricing matters) of the recoverability in corporate income taxes in the 
concerning jurisdiction upon completion of the Mutual Agreement or Arbitration procedure.
The Group has recognized net deferred tax assets of € 1 273 million (Note 32 Deferred tax 
assets and liabilities). The recognition of deferred tax assets is based upon whether it is 
probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available in the future against which the reversal 
of temporary differences can be used. Where the temporary differences relate to losses or 
carry-forward tax attributes (such as innovation income deduction), the availability of sufficient 
forecasted taxable profits to offset against the tax attributes is also considered, taking into 
account the function and risk profile of the taxable entity concerned. 
Significant items on which management has exercised judgment include recognition on the 
statement of financial position of deferred tax assets relating to losses in jurisdictions where 
losses have been made in prior periods but where profits now arise or are forecast to do so for 
the foreseeable future. Management has used its best estimate of the correct value of asset to 
recognize in such cases, which includes a judgment on the length of the future time period to 
use in such assessments. These judgments are made on a case-by-case basis, taking into 
account the origin and nature of the expected revenues, based on the functional profiles of 
the concerning entities and on an entity-by-entity basis. However, this time period in most 
cases does not exceed five years.
Differences in forecasted taxable profits and actual profitability or a downgrade in future 
forecasted taxable profits could impact the deferred tax assets recognized in future periods.
Deferred tax assets are to a limited extent recognized for entities that are currently still loss-
making or not using their tax attributes, where profit forecasts provide for a reliable indicator of 
future tax profit. 
Management has assessed the impact of the international OECD tax reform (‘Tax Challenges 
arising from the Digitalization of the Economy’) on the recognition and measurement of 
deferred tax assets and has concluded that no material deferred tax assets should be 
additionally recognized as of the balance sheet date. 
5. Financial risk management
The Group is exposed to various financial risks arising from its underlying operations and 
corporate finance activities.
These financial risks mainly include market risk (including currency risk, interest rate risk and 
price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. 
This note presents information about the Group’s exposure and management of the above-
mentioned risks and the Group’s management of capital.
5.1. Market risk
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest 
rates and equity prices will affect the Group income statement or the value of its assets and 
liabilities. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk 
exposures. The Group enters into derivative financial instruments and also incurs financial 
liabilities or holds financial assets in order to manage market risk. Where possible, the Group 
seeks to apply hedge accounting in order to manage volatility in the income statement. It is the 
Group policy and practice not to enter into derivative transactions for speculative purposes.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 211
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 212]
5.1.1. Foreign exchange risk
The Group operates across the world and is exposed to movements in foreign currencies 
affecting its cash-flows, net income and financial position, as expressed in euro. The Group 
actively monitors its foreign currency exposures, and when appropriate, enters into 
transactions with the aim of preserving the value of existing assets and liabilities or anticipated 
transactions. In order to achieve these hedge objectives, the Group enters into foreign 
currency financing transactions and uses financial derivatives, including forward contracts, 
foreign exchange options and cross-currency swaps.
The instruments contracted to hedge transactional exposure are primarily denominated in U.S. 
dollar, British pound, Japanese yen and Swiss franc, reflecting the currencies where the Group 
has its most important exposures. The Group’s financial risk management policy is to hedge 
both (i) the impact of remeasuring foreign currency–denominated assets and liabilities into the 
functional currency of the relevant subsidiaries, and (ii) within defined policy risk limits, the 
impact of currency fluctuations on the Group’s anticipated net foreign currency cash flows 
over a period generally extending up to 24 months.
Also, the Group has certain investments in foreign operations, whose net assets (or net 
liabilities) are exposed to foreign currency translation risk.
The effect of translational exposure arising from the consolidation of the foreign currency 
denominated financial statements of the Group foreign subsidiaries, as well as from assimilated 
net foreign investment positions and net investment hedges, is shown as a cumulative 
translation adjustment in the Group consolidated statement of changes in equity.
5.1.2. Effect of currency fluctuations
At December 31, 2025, if the euro had strengthened or weakened by 10% against the following 
currencies with all other variables being held constant, the impact on equity and post-tax profit 
for the year, based on the outstanding currency balances and hedge instruments at that date, 
would have been as follows:
USD  10 %  96  0 
 (10) % -118  0 
GBP  10 %  -5  20 
 (10) % 6  -24 
CHF  10 %  -51  -1 
 (10) % 62  1 
JPY  10 %  9  0 
 (10) % -11  0 
At December 31, 2025
€   m i l l i o n
Change in rate. 
Strengthening/ 
weakening (-) 
EUR
Impact on 
equity: 
Loss (-)/gain
Impact on 
income 
statement: 
Loss (-)/gain
USD  10 %  52  5 
 (10) % -64  -6 
GBP  10 %  -6  3 
 (10) % 8  -3 
CHF  10 %  -60  1 
 (10) % 74  -1 
JPY  10 %  10  1 
 (10) % -12  -2 
At December 31, 2024
€   m i l l i o n
Change in rate. 
Strengthening/ 
weakening (-) EUR
Impact on 
equity: 
Loss (-)/gain
Impact on income 
statement: 
Loss (-)/gain
5.1.3. Interest rate risk
Changes in interest rates may cause variations in interest income and expenses resulting from 
interest-bearing assets and liabilities. In addition, they can affect the market value of certain 
financial assets, liabilities and instruments as described in the following section on market risk 
of financial assets. The interest rates on the Group’s major debt instruments are both fixed and 
floating, as described in Notes 29 Borrowings and 30 Bonds . The Group uses interest rate 
derivatives to manage its interest rate risk, as described in Note 39 Derivative financial 
instruments.
The Group designates derivative financial instruments (interest rate swaps) as hedging 
instruments, either under fair value hedges to fixed rate financial assets and liabilities, or under 
cash flow hedges to floating rate financial assets or liabilities. Under fair value hedges, both the 
derivative financial instrument and the hedged item are accounted for at fair value through 
profit or loss. Under cash flow hedges, changes in fair value resulting from interest rate derivatives 
designated to the floating rate liabilities of the Group are accounted for through equity.
5.1.4. Effect of interest rate fluctuations
A 300 basis points increase in interest rates at statement of financial position date would have 
increased equity by € 21 million (compared to € 40 million in 2024); a 300 basis points 
decrease in interest rates would have decreased equity by € 23 million (compared to 
€ 44 million in 2024).
A 300 basis points increase or decrease in interest rates at statement of financial position date 
would impact profit and loss respectively by € 0 million and by € 0 million (2024: € -1 million 
and € 1 million). 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 212
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 213]
All interest rate derivatives are either designated as cash flow hedges or fair value hedges under 
IFRS9 and therefore, except for minimal hedge inefficiency and discontinued hedge 
designations, the result of a change in the interest rate curve is accounted for through equity, 
respectively offset by the revaluation through P&L of the hedged item. In addition to interest 
rate derivatives, changes in interest rates also affect the valuation of forward contracts, foreign 
exchange options and cross-currency swaps, however the net impact has been assumed to be 
neutral, taking a parallel shift in interest rate curves of both currencies into consideration.
These concern all pre-tax calculations.
5.1.5. Virtual Power Purchase Agreement (Electricity price risk)
In July 2024, the Group entered into three renewable energy Virtual Power Purchase 
Agreements (VPPAs) concerning three solar power generation facilities located in Spain. By 
nature, VPPAs incorporate an embedded derivative over electricity prices, measured, and 
valued as such in accordance with IFRS 9 standards.
The Group has not designated these derivatives for cash flow hedge accounting. As a result, 
the change of fair value against the initial valuation is recognized under financial results, after 
identification of the part related to the Guarantees of Origin (GoOs), together with the pro rata 
temporis linear amortization of the initial valuation.
5.1.6. Price sensitivity of the Virtual Power Purchase Agreement
The following table shows the sensitivity of the fair value calculations of the derivative over 
electricity prices embedded in the VPPA to its valuation inputs.
Discount rate sensitivity  +1 % 0 
 -1 % 0 
Electricity market price sensitivity  +10 % 1 
 -10 % -1 
Expected electricity production sensitivity  +5 % 0 
 -5 % 0 
At December 31, 2025
€   m i l l i o n Change
Impact on 
VPPA 
derivative
At December 31, 2024
€   m i l l i o n Change
Impact on 
VPPA 
derivative
Discount rate sensitivity  +1 %  0 
 -1 %  0 
Electricity market price sensitivity  +10 %  1 
 -10 %  -1 
Expected electricity production sensitivity  +5 %  0 
 -5 %  0 
5.1.7. Other market price risk
Changes in the market value of certain financial assets and derivative financial instruments can 
affect the income or the financial position of the Group. Financial long-term assets are mainly 
held for contractual purposes, The risk of loss in value is managed by reviews prior to investing 
and continuous monitoring of the performance of investments and contractors and changes 
in their risk profile.
Investments in equities include investments done by UCB Ventures as well as investments in 
companies where UCB does not have significant influence. These investments have been 
classified as financial assets at fair value through OCI. All fair value gains and losses are 
presented in OCI.
Similar to 2024, during 2025 the Group traded on treasury shares, which were accounted for 
through equity.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 213
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 214]
5.2. Credit risk
Credit risk arises from the possibility that the counterparty to a transaction may be unable or 
unwilling to meet its obligations causing a financial loss to the Group. Trade receivables are 
subject to a policy of active risk management, which focuses on the assessment of country 
risk, credit availability, ongoing credit evaluation and account monitoring procedures. There are 
certain concentrations within trade receivables of counterparty credit risk, particularly in the 
U.S., due to the sales via wholesalers (Note 25 Trade and other receivables ).
For some credit exposures in critical countries, such as International Markets and Southern, 
Eastern and Nordic European countries, the Group has obtained credit insurance.
In the U.S., the Group entered into a trade receivable financing agreement that qualifies for 
recognition. According to the terms and conditions of the agreement UCB does not retain any 
non-payment or further late payment risk relating to the transferred trade receivables.
The exposure of other financial assets to credit risk is controlled by setting a policy for limiting 
credit exposure to high quality counterparties, regular reviews of credit ratings, and setting 
defined limits for each individual counterparty. The criteria set by Group Treasury for their 
investment policy are based on generally considered high-quality long-term credit ratings and a 
5 year Credit Default Swap rate.
Where appropriate to reduce exposure, netting agreements under an ISDA (International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association) master agreement are signed with the respective counterparties. 
The maximum exposure to credit risk resulting from financial activities, without considering 
netting agreements, is equal to the carrying amount of financial assets plus the positive fair 
value of derivative instruments.
5.3. Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they 
fall due. The Group’s approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will 
always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under normal circumstances 
without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group reputation.
The Group maintains sufficient reserves of cash and readily realisable marketable securities to 
meet its liquidity requirements at all times. In addition, the Group has certain unutilized 
committed revolving credit facilities at its disposal.
At the statement of financial position date, the Group had the following sources of liquidity 
available:
• cash and cash equivalents (Note 26 Cash and cash equivalents ): € 2 251 million 
(2024: € 1 573 million)
• unutilized revolving credit facility (Note 29 Borrowings): ): € 1 billion (2024: € 1 billion): this 
€1 billion sustainability-linked syndicated committed revolving credit facility was established 
in 2023 with the maturity date in 2028, including the option to request extensions of up to 
two additional years. Following the second extension request in February 2025, the maturity 
date has been extended until 2030 for commitments totalling €928 million under the 
revolving credit facility, except for €72 million, which remains set for 2029. This facility was 
undrawn per end 2025.
The table below analyses the contractual maturities of the Group’s debt liabilities and financial 
derivatives into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining period from the statement 
of financial position date to the contractual maturity date, excluding the impact of netting. The 
amounts mentioned below with respect to the financial derivatives are indicative of the 
contractual undiscounted cash flows. The amounts with respect to financial debt are indicative 
of the contractual undiscounted cash flows, including interests calculated based on fixed rate 
agreements or, in absence thereof, last available fixing of the relevant reference rate. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 214
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 215]
Bank Borrowings and other long term loans 29  634  766  29  29  374  334 
Debentures and other short term loans 29  0  0  0  0  0  0 
Lease liabilities 29  182  207  64  48  58  37 
Private Placement maturing in 2027 30  144  154  2  152  0  0 
Institutional Eurobond maturing in 2028 30.1  474  515  5  5  505  0 
Retail bond maturing in 2029 30.2  308  363  16  16  331  0 
Institutional Eurobond maturing in 2030 30.3  503  606  21  21  564  0 
Trade and other liabilities 35  3 864  3 864  3 772  1  64  27 
Bank overdrafts 29  0  0  0  0  0  0 
Interest rate swaps  -3  -3  -12  -7  16  0 
Foreign exchange derivative financial instruments used for cash flow and net investment hedging purposes 
Outflow  4 868  4 864  4  0  0 
Inflow  4 883  4 879  4  0  0 
Foreign exchange derivative financial instruments at fair value through profit and loss
Outflow  2 060  2 060  0  0  0 
Inflow  2 060  2 060  0  0  0 
At December 31, 2025
€   m i l l i o n Note
Balance Sheet 
Total
Contractual 
cash flow 
(including 
interests)
Less than 1 
year
Between 1 and 
2 years
Between 2 
and 5 years Over 5 years
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 215
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 216]
Bank Borrowings and other long term loans 29  1 393  1 673  91  179  971  432 
Debentures and other short term loans 29  3  3  3  0  0  0 
Lease liabilities 29  206  234  60  53  71  50 
Private Placement maturing in 2027 30  140  156  2  2  152  0 
Institutional Eurobond maturing in 2028 30  463  520  5  5  510  0 
Retail bond maturing in 2029 30  313  379  16  16  347  0 
Institutional Eurobond maturing in 2030 30  508  627  21  21  64  521 
Trade and other liabilities 35  3 120  3 120  3 019  2  75  24 
Bank overdrafts 29  0  0  0  0  0  0 
Interest rate swaps  -84  -84  -40  -18  -35  9 
Foreign exchange derivative financial instruments used for cash flow and net investment hedging purposes 
Outflow  5 268  5 268  0  0  0 
Inflow  5 258  5 258  0  0  0 
Foreign exchange derivative financial instruments at fair value through profit and loss
Outflow  1 509  1 509  0  0  0 
Inflow  1 496  1 496  0  0  0 
At December 31, 2024
€   m i l l i o n Note
Balance Sheet 
Total
Contractual 
cash flow 
(including 
interests)
Less than 1 
year
Between 1 and 
2 years
Between 2 
and 5 years Over 5 years
5.4. Capital risk management
The Group’s capital management policy is designed to ensure financial stability and optimize 
shareholder value, enabling the creation of sustainable impact for people living with severe 
diseases and society. 
Total borrowings 29  816  1 602 
Bonds 30  1 429  1 424 
Less: cash and cash equivalents, debt securities and cash 
collateral related to the financial lease obligation 23, 26  -2 251  -1 573 
Net financial cash(-)/debt  -7  1 454 
Total equity  10 867  10 029 
Total financial capital  10 860  11 482 
Gearing ratio  — %  13 %
€   m i l l i o n Note 2025 2024
5.5. Fair value estimation
The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as financial assets at fair 
value through OCI) is based on quoted market prices at the statement of financial position date.
The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by 
using established valuation techniques such as option pricing models and estimated 
discounted values of cash flows. The Group uses a variety of methods and makes assumptions 
that are based on market conditions and the credit and the non-performance risks existing at 
each statement of financial position date.
Other techniques, such as estimated discounted cash flows, are used to determine fair value 
for the remaining financial instruments. The fair value of the interest rate swaps is calculated as 
the present value of the estimated future cash flows. The fair value of the forward exchange 
contract is determined using discounted value of the exchanged amounts in currencies, 
converted at the prevailing spot rate at the statement of financial position date. 
The carrying amount less impairment provision of trade receivables and trade payables is 
assumed to approximate their fair values. The fair value of financial liabilities for disclosure 
purposes is estimated by discounting the future contractual cash flows at the current market 
interest rates that is available to the Group for similar financial instruments.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 216
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 217]
5.5.1. Fair value hierarchy
IFRS 7 requires disclosure of fair value measurements by level of the following hierarchy:
• Level 1: quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
• Level 2: other techniques for which all inputs which have a significant effect on the recorded fair value are observable, either directly or indirectly;
• Level 3: techniques which use inputs which have a significant effect on the recorded fair value that are not based on observable market data.
All fair value measurements disclosed are recurring.
5.5.2. Financial assets measured at fair value
Financial assets
Financial assets at FVOCI 23
Quoted equity securities  277  0  0  277 
Quoted debt securities  0  0  0  0 
Derivative financial assets 39
Forward foreign exchange contracts – cash flow hedges  0  90  0  90 
Forward foreign exchange contracts – fair value through profit and loss  0  11  0  11 
Forward foreign exchange contracts – net investment hedges  0  7  0  7 
Interest rate derivatives – fair value through profit and loss  0  14  0  14 
Other financial assets derivatives  0  3  0  3 
Other financial assets excluding derivatives 23
December 31, 2025
€   m i l l i o n Note Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Financial assets
Financial assets at FVOCI 23
Quoted equity securities  243  0  0  243 
Quoted debt securities  0  0  0  0 
Derivative financial assets 39
Forward foreign exchange contracts – cash flow hedges  0  11  0  11 
Forward foreign exchange contracts – fair value through profit and loss  0  3  0  3 
Forward foreign exchange contracts – net investment hedges  0  95  0  95 
Interest rate derivatives – cash flow hedges  0  13  0  13 
Interest rate derivatives – fair value through profit and loss  0  24  0  24 
Other financial assets derivatives  0  5  0  5 
Other financial assets excluding derivatives 23
December 31, 2024
€   m i l l i o n Note Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 217
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 218]
5.5.3. Financial liabilities measured at fair value
Financial liabilities
Derivative financial liabilities 39
Forward foreign exchange contracts – cash flow hedges  0  5  0  5 
Forward foreign exchange contracts – fair value through profit and loss  0  4  0  4 
Forward foreign exchange contracts – net investment hedges  0  72  0  72 
Interest rate derivatives – cash flow hedges  0  3  0  3 
Interest rate derivatives – fair value through profit and loss  0  31  0  31 
Other financial liabilities excluding derivatives 31
December 31, 2025
€   m i l l i o n Note Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Financial liabilities
Derivative financial liabilities 39
Forward foreign exchange contracts – cash flow hedges  0  107  0  107 
Forward foreign exchange contracts – fair value through profit and loss  0  14  0  14 
Forward foreign exchange contracts – net investment hedges  0  7  0  7 
Interest rate derivatives – cash flow hedges  0  2  0  2 
Interest rate derivatives – fair value through profit and loss  0  63  0  63 
Other financial liabilities excluding derivatives 31
December 31, 2024
€   m i l l i o n Note Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
During the reporting period ending December 31, 2025, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements, and no transfers into and out of Level 3 fair value 
measurements.
Fair value measurements categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy are calculated using either the “Discounted cash flow” or the “Black-Scholes” method (for FX options only) and 
market data publicly available. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 218
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 219]
5.6. Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
While the Group has amounts subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar 
agreements, financial assets and financial liabilities are reported gross on the statement of 
financial position as the requirements are not met to report them net. The reconciliations 
below depict the amounts subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar 
agreement that have not been netted on the statement of financial position.
The tables below show financial assets and liabilities subject to enforceable master netting 
arrangements:
December 31, 2025
Related amounts not set off in 
the statement of financial 
position
Net amounts€   m i l l i o n
Gross financial 
assets in the 
statement of 
financial 
position
Financial 
instruments
Cash collateral 
received
Derivatives  125  67  0  58 
Other  0  0  0  0 
Total  125  67  0  58 
Derivatives  115  67  0  48 
Other  0  0  0  0 
Total  115  67  0  48 
December 31, 2025
Related amounts not set off in 
the statement of financial 
position
Net amounts€   m i l l i o n
Gross financial 
assets in the 
statement of 
financial 
position
Financial 
instruments
Cash collateral 
received
ISDA master agreements (International Swaps and Derivatives Association) have been signed 
with the respective counterparties allowing offsetting of financial assets and liabilities. This is 
applicable to the fair value settlement in case of default, but it is not applicable at the closing 
date December 31, 2025.
The tables below show financial assets and liabilities subject to enforceable master netting 
arrangements:
Derivatives  151  113  0  38 
Other  0  0  0  0 
Total  151  113  0  38 
December 31, 2024
Related amounts not set off in 
the statement of financial 
position
Net amounts€   m i l l i o n
Gross financial 
assets in the 
statement of 
financial 
position
Financial 
instruments
Cash collateral 
received
Derivatives  193  113  0  80 
Other  0  0  0  0 
Total  193  113  0  80 
December 31, 2024
Related amounts not set off in 
the statement of financial 
position
Net amounts€   m i l l i o n
Gross financial 
assets in the 
statement of 
financial 
position
Financial 
instruments
Cash collateral 
received
6. Segment reporting
The Group’s activities are in one segment, Biopharmaceuticals.
There are no other significant classes of business, either singularly or in aggregate. The Chief 
Operating Decision Makers, that being the Executive Committee, review the operating results 
and operating plans, and make resource allocation decisions on a company-wide basis, 
therefore UCB operates as one segment.
Enterprise-wide disclosures about product sales, geographic areas and revenues from major 
customers are presented below.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 219
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 220]
6.1. Product sales information
Net sales consist of the following: 
BIMZELX®  2 227  607 
CIMZIA®  1 954  2 033 
BRIVIACT®  758  686 
KEPPRA® (including KEPPRA® XR / E KEPPRA®)  439  582 
FINTEPLA®  427  340 
RYSTIGGO®  332  202 
VIMPAT®  303  329 
ZILBRYSQ®  217  72 
EVENITY®  137  103 
NAYZILAM®  128  124 
Other products  373  517 
Designated hedges reclassified to net sales  94  19 
Total net sales  7 388  5 613 
€ million 2025 2024
6.2. Geographic information
The table below shows net sales in each geographic market in which customers are located:
U.S.  4 609  3 036 
Europe – other  441  401 
Germany  425  364 
Japan  315  257 
Spain  271  244 
France (including French territories)  195  177 
Italy  183  171 
U.K. and Ireland  165  164 
Belgium  77  61 
China  20  143 
Other countries  592  575 
Designated hedges reclassified to net sales  94  19 
Total net sales  7 388  5 613 
€ million 2025 2024
The table below illustrates the property, plant and equipment in each geographic market in 
which the assets are located: 
Belgium  1 147  1 032 
U.K. & Ireland  330  269 
Switzerland  236  217 
United States  133  169 
Germany  23  24 
Japan  18  17 
China  3  1 
Other countries  25  25 
Total  1 915  1 754 
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
6.3. Information about major customers
UCB has three customers which individually account for more than 8% of the total net sales for 
2025 and 2024:
• Mckesson, U.S. for which net sales 2025 amount to € 1 260 million (17% of total net sales) 
(2024: € 838 million, 15% of net sales)
• Cardinal Health, U.S. for which net sales 2025 amount to € 596 million (8% of total net sales) 
(2024: € 547 million, 10% of net sales)
• Cencora, U.S. for which net sales 2025 amount to € 619 million (8% of total net sales) 
(2024: € 488 million, 9% of net sales)
7. Revenue from contracts with customers
The Group has recognized the following amounts relating to revenue in the consolidated 
income statement:
Revenue from contracts with customers  7 704  6 115 
Revenue from agreements whereby risks and rewards are shared  37  37 
Total revenue  7 741  6 152 
€ million 2025 2024
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 220
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 221]
7.1. Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
Net sales U.S.  4 609  3 036  4 609  0  3 035  0 
BIMZELX®  1 657  287  1 657  0  287  0 
CIMZIA®  1 208  1 289  1 208  0  1 289  0 
BRIVIACT®  578  540  578  0  540  0 
FINTEPLA®  355  294  355  0  294  0 
RYSTIGGO®  270  184  270  0  184  0 
ZILBRYSQ®  157  56  157  0  56  0 
NAYZILAM®  128  124  128  0  124  0 
KEPPRA®  107  123  107  0  123  0 
VIMPAT®  68  56  68  0  56  0 
Established brands / Other products  81  83  81  0  83  0 
Net sales Europe  1 758  1 582  1 758  0  1 581  0 
CIMZIA®  427  436  427  0  436  0 
BIMZELX®  424  255  424  0  255  0 
KEPPRA®  194  199  194  0  199  0 
BRIVIACT®  138  120  138  0  120  0 
EVENITY®  137  103  137  0  103  0 
VIMPAT®  96  116  96  0  116  0 
FINTEPLA®  59  41  59  0  41  0 
ZILBRYSQ®  35  8  35  0  8  0 
RYSTIGGO®  31  8  31  0  8  0 
Established brands / Other products  217  296  217  0  296  0 
Net sales Japan  315  257  315  0  257  0 
VIMPAT®  84  85  84  0  85  0 
BIMZELX®  62  32  62  0  32  0 
E KEPPRA®  40  65  40  0  65  0 
CIMZIA®  39  28  39  0  28  0 
RYSTIGGO®  27  10  27  0  10  0 
ZILBRYSQ®  24  8  24  0  8  0 
BRIVIACT®  16  1  16  0  1  0 
FINTEPLA®  9  2  9  0  2  0 
Established brands / Other products  14  25  14  0  25  0 
Actual Timing of revenue recognition
2025 2024
€ million 2025 2024
At a point 
in time Over time
At a point 
in time Over time
Net sales international markets  612  718  612  0  718  0 
CIMZIA®  280  280  280  0  280  0 
KEPPRA®  99  196  99  0  196  0 
BIMZELX®  85  33  85  0  33  0 
VIMPAT®  55  71  55  0  71  0 
BRIVIACT®  25  24  25  0  24  0 
FINTEPLA®  4  2  4  0  2  0 
RYSTIGGO®  3  0  3  0  0  0 
Established brands / Other products  61  111  61  0  111  0 
Net sales before hedging  7 294  5 593  7 294  0  5 593  0 
Designated hedges reclassified to net 
sales  94  19  94  0  19  0 
Total net sales  7 388  5 613  7 388  0  5 613  0 
Royalty income and fees  88  78  88  0  78  0 
Contract manufacturing revenues  184  79  184  0  79  0 
Income from licensing deals 
(upfront payments, development 
milestones, sales milestones)  40  178  32  8  45  133 
Revenue resulting from services, 
other deliveries, sales of assets  4  167  2  2  167  0 
Total other revenue  228  424  218  10  291  133 
Total revenue from contracts with 
customers
 7 704  6 115  7 694  10  5 982  133 
Actual Timing of revenue recognition
2025 2024
€ million 2025 2024
At a point 
in time Over time
At a point 
in time Over time
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 221
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 222]
7.2. Contract assets and liabilities
The group has recognized the following revenue-related contract liabilities:
Contract liabilities resulting from out-licensing 
agreements 
Non-current 35  0  0 
Current 35  1  8 
Contract liabilities resulting from other agreements  0  0 
Total revenue-related contract liabilities  1  8 
€ million Note 2025 2024
The Group does not have any revenue-related contract assets.
Revenue-related contract liabilities mainly relate to unsatisfied performance obligations 
resulting from out-licensing agreements. These liabilities have decreased because of the 
recognition of revenue during the year resulting from performance obligations that were 
satisfied in 2025.
The following table shows how much of the revenue recognized in the current reporting 
period was included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the period and how 
much revenue relates to performance obligations that were satisfied in previous periods.
€ million 2025 2024
Revenue recognized that was included in the contract liability 
balance at the beginning of the period  8  132 
Revenue resulting from other agreements  0  0 
Revenue resulting from out-licensing agreements  8  132 
Revenue recognized that relates to performance obligations that 
were satisfied in a prior year  161  122 
Product sales  50  28 
Revenue resulting from out-licensing agreements  111  94 
The following table shows unsatisfied performance obligations resulting from out-licensing 
agreements:
€ million Note 2025 2024
Aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to 
development agreements that are partially or fully unsatisfied 
as at December 31 44.4  1  8 
Unsatisfied performance obligations resulting from out-
licensing agreements  1  8 
Management expects that 100% of the transaction price allocated to the unsatisfied 
development agreements as of December 31, 2025 will be recognized as revenue during the 
next reporting period. The amount disclosed above does not include variable consideration 
which is constrained. The performance obligations still to be satisfied concern development 
activities to be performed next year. All other development, manufacturing or other service 
agreements are for periods of one year or less, or are billed based on time incurred. As 
permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied agreements is not 
disclosed.
No assets are recognized from costs to fulfill a contract. 
8. Business combinations
There were no business combinations in 2025.
9. Discontinued operations and assets and liabilities of disposal group 
classified as held for sale
9.1. Discontinued operations
For 2025 and 2024, there were no gains or losses from discontinued operations. 
9.2. Assets and liabilities of disposal group classified as held for sale
Assets of disposal group classified as held for sale as per December 31, 2025 relate to 
inventories following the sale of non-core established brand products. The assets held for sale 
as per December 31, 2024, also relate to inventories and an intangible asset following the sale 
of non-core established brand products.
As not all market authorizations are transferred to the buyer when the sales transaction is 
closed, UCB is still owner of the inventories for these non-core established brand products in 
some countries. No write-off was accounted for on these inventories.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 222
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 223]
10. Other revenue
Upfront payments, milestone payments and reimbursements  81  382 
Contract manufacturing revenues  184  79 
Total other revenue  265  461 
€ million 2025 2024
During 2025, UCB accounted for milestone payments and reimbursements from different 
parties, for € 81 million mainly linked to:
• Biogen for co-development of antibody dapirolizumab pegol in lupus (SLE, phase 3 
program);
• Syndax for licensing milestones for Axatilimab (commercialized in US as Niktimvo® 
(monoclonal antibody used for the treatment of chronic graft-versus-host disease). 
The revenue from contract manufacturing activities is mainly linked to the entering into toll 
manufacturing agreements after divestiture of established brands in current and previous years.
Other revenue for 2024 included € 157 million related to the sale of rights of the established 
brands Atarax® and Nootropil®. 
11. Operating expenses by nature
The table below illustrates certain items of expense recognized in the income statement using 
a classification based on their nature within the Group:
 Employee benefit expenses 12  2 154  2 050 
 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 22  194  174 
 Amortization of intangible assets 20  433  467 
 Impairment of non-financial assets (net) 14  0  73 
Total  2 781  2 764 
€   m i l l i o n Note  0  0 
12. Employee benefit expense
Wages and salaries  1 504  1 439 
Social security costs  233  214 
Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plans 33  65  62 
Post-employment benefits – defined contribution plans  23  20 
Share-based payments to employees and directors 28  188  183 
Insurance  62  48 
Other employee benefits  79  84 
Total employee benefit expense  2 154  2 050 
€   m i l l i o n Note 2025 2024
The total employee benefit expense has been allocated along functional lines within the 
income statement. Other employee benefits consist mainly of termination benefits, severance 
payments, and other long-term/ short-term disability benefits.
Monthly Paid 3 186 3 023
Management 6 931 6 355
Total 10 117 9 378
Headcount at December 31 2025 2024
Further information regarding post-employment benefits and share-based payments can be 
found in Notes 28 Share-based payments and 33 Employee benefits.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 223
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 224]
13. Other operating income/expenses
Provisions  -20  15 
Write-off trade and other receivable  6  -6 
Gain/Loss (-) on disposal of non-current assets  -1  -4 
Reimbursement by third parties for development expenses  4  10 
Grants received  9  7 
Collaboration agreement for the development and 
commercialization of EVENITY®  632  481 
Other income/expenses (-)  199  61 
Total other operating income / expenses (-)  829  564 
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
The result of the collaboration agreement with Amgen for the development and 
commercialization of EVENITY® amounted to € 632 million income (compared to 
€ 481 million income in 2024). All recharges of development and commercialization expenses 
to/from Amgen are classified as other operating income/expenses. The equivalent total net 
recharges as per December 31, 2025 consisted of € 655 million marketing and selling income 
(€ 494 million in 2024) and € -23 million development expenses (€ -13 million in 2024).
The provisions are mostly related to VAT risks and grant recoverability risks.
In 2025, the Group accounted for the proceeds from the sale of established brands 
(€ 315 million) and one-off expenses (€111m) due to a resolution of contractual commitments 
on the line “Other income/expenses (-)”.
14. Impairment of non-financial assets
A review of the recoverable amounts of the Group’s assets did not result in the recognition of 
impairment charges (2024: € 73 million).
In 2024 an impairment of € 73 million was recognized mainly due to the termination of the 
development of minzasolmin.
No impairment charges for Group property, plant and equipment were recognized in 2025 
(2024: € € 0 million).
No reasonably possible change in a key assumption on which management has based its 
determination of the assets recoverable amounts would cause the assets carrying amount to 
exceed its recoverable amount.
15. Restructuring expenses
The restructuring expenses for the year ended December 31, 2025 amount to € 36 million   
(2024:€ 25 million) and are related to new organization models and business discontinuation. 
Provisions for restructuring as defined in IAS 37.70 that are included, meet the criteria in IAS 
37.72. 
16. Other income/expenses
Total other income/expenses amounted to an expense of € 25 million (2024: income of 
€ 586 million) and is mainly related to the increase of the environmental provisions, the 
increase of the Distilbène provision (see Note 34 Provisions) and to the fees related to Core 
Products litigations.  
For 2024, the other income/expenses are mainly related to the gain on the divestment of 
UCB’s mature neurology and allergy business in China, including KEPPRA®, VIMPAT®, 
NEUPRO®, ZYRTEC®, XYZAL® and the Zhuhai manufacturing site to CBC Group and Mubadala 
Investment Company (€ 578 million) and the reversal of the Distilbène provision (€ 18 million, 
see Note 34 Provisions) offset by fees related to Core Products litigations.
17. Financial income and financial expenses
The net financial expenses for the year amounted to € 126 million (2024: € 161 million). The 
breakdown of the financial expenses and financial income is as follows: 
Interest expenses on:
   Retail and Institutional bonds  -44  -39 
   Other borrowings  -65  -101 
   Interest rate derivatives  -10  -11 
Financial charges on leases  -9  -8 
Net loss on interest rate derivatives  0  -2 
Net fair value losses on foreign exchange derivatives  0  -29 
Net foreign exchange losses  -69  0 
Net other financial income/expenses (-)  -10  -10 
Total financial expenses  -207  -200 
Financial Expenses
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 224
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 225]
Interest income on:
   Bank deposits  46  29 
   Interest rate derivatives  0  0 
Net gain on interest rate derivatives  3  0 
Net fair value gain on foreign exchange derivatives  31  0 
Net foreign exchange gains  0  10 
Total financial income  81  39 
Financial Income
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
18. Income tax expense (-)/credit
Current income taxes  -630  -455 
Deferred income taxes  366  358 
Total income tax expense (-)/credit  -264  -98 
€ million 2025 2024
The Group operates internationally, making it subject to income taxes in many different tax 
jurisdictions. For 2025, the Group’s effective income tax expense differs from the amount that 
w o u l d  r e s u l t  f r o m  a p p l y i n g  t h e  w e i g h t e d - a v e r a g e  s t a t u t o r y  t a x  r a t e  t o  t h e  c o n s o l i d a t e d  p r o f i t  
before tax. Income taxes recognized in the income statement can be detailed as follows:
Profit before income taxes  1 822  1 163 
Income tax expense (-) calculated at domestic tax rates applicable 
in the respective countries  -442  -279 
Theoretical income tax rate  24 %  24 %
Reported current income tax  -630  -455 
Reported deferred income tax  366  358 
Total reported tax charge  -264  -98 
Effective income tax rate  14 %  8 %
Difference between theoretical and reported tax  178  181 
Expenses non-deductible for tax purposes  -255  -35 
Non-taxable income  7  13 
Increase (-) / decrease of liabilities for uncertain tax positions  25  -48 
Tax credits  68  182 
Variation in tax rates  -14  39 
Current tax adjustments related to prior years  32  7 
Deferred tax adjustments related to prior years  -27  1 
Net effect of previously unrecognized DTA and non-recognition of  412  110 
Withholding tax  -1  -21 
Pillar 2  -121  -67 
Other taxes  52  -1 
Total difference between theoretical and reported income tax  178  181 
€ million 2025 2024
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 225
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 226]
The 2025 theoretical income tax rate is 24%, in line with 2024. The Group's effective tax rate 
for 2025 is 14%, reflecting the combined effect of a current tax charge and a deferred tax 
credit. The key drivers of the effective tax rate can be summarized as follows: 
Current Tax:
• Favorable impact of predominantly R&D-related tax incentives in key jurisdictions.
• Impact of the international tax reform (“OECD Pillar 2”) in key jurisdictions.
• Decrease of key uncertain tax positions.
• Tax effects of non-strategic UCB divestments.
Deferred Tax:
• Recognition of additional tax assets, including carry-forward losses and innovation income 
deduction, supported by the level of projected future taxable profits.
• Tax effects arising from strategic internal reorganizations in key jurisdictions.
Factors affecting the tax charge in future years
The Group is aware of a number of factors that may affect its future effective tax rate. These 
include the projected mix of profits and losses across the jurisdictions in which the Group 
operates, the potential recognition of currently unrecognized tax losses and other tax attributes 
as deferred tax assets, and the outcome of ongoing or future tax audits.
Corporate restructuring, acquisitions, disposals and other strategic transactions may also 
influence the Group’s future tax charge. In addition, changes to domestic tax legislation in 
jurisdictions where the Group operates, as well as developments in international tax rules, may 
have a significant impact. 
UCB has implemented the international tax reform (“OECD Pillar 2”), which has now been 
enacted in most relevant jurisdictions. These rules are expected to continue influencing UCB’s 
longer-term tax position (see Note 32 Deferred tax assets and liabilities). UCB monitors EU–U.S. 
discussions on the interaction of Pillar 2 with the U.S. tax system and the further global Pillar 2 
roll-out.
Next to OECD developments, UCB closely monitors tax policy and legislative changes across 
the European Union and in other key jurisdictions with significant sales or R&D activities, 
including Belgium, the United States and the United Kingdom. The Group also follows broader 
U.S. tax and trade policy discussions that may influence its operating environment in the U.S.
OECD Pillar 2
B a s e d  o n  t h e  f i n a n c i a l  d a t a  a s  a t  3 1   D e c e m b e r   2 0 2 5 ,  t h e  G r o u p  p e r f o r m e d  a n  a s s e s s m e n t  o f  i t s  
P i l l a r   2  i n c o m e  t a x e s  f o r  2 0 2 5 .  T h e  r e v i e w  i n d i c a t e s  t h a t ,  f o r  t h e  m a j o r i t y  o f  j u r i s d i c t i o n s  i n  
w h i c h  t h e  G r o u p  o p e r a t e s ,  t h e  P i l l a r   2  e f f e c t i v e  t a x  r a t e  e x c e e d s  t h e  m i n i m u m  t h r e s h o l d  o f  
1 5 % ,  a n d  n o  t o p - u p  t a x  i s  e x p e c t e d  i n  t h o s e  j u r i s d i c t i o n s .  I n  a  l i m i t e d  n u m b e r  o f  j u r i s d i c t i o n s ,  
t r a n s i t i o n a l  s a f e  h a r b o u r  r e l i e f  i s  n o t  e x p e c t e d  t o  a p p l y  a n d  P i l l a r P2 income taxes will arise. The 
a p p l i c a t i o n  o f  t h e  P i l l a r   2  r u l e s  i n  U C B ’ s  c o n s o l i d a t e d  f i n a n c i a l  s t a t e m e n t s  f o r  2 0 2 5  h a s  r e s u l t e d  
i n  a n  a d d i t i o n a l  c u r r e n t  i n c o m e  t a x  e x p e n s e  o f  € 1 2 1   m i l l i o n .
Based on the preparation of the 2024 Pillar 2 compliance obligations, fueled by additional 
c l a r i f i c a t i o n s  i s s u e d  b y  t h e  O E C D  a n d  l o c a l  t a x  a u t h o r i t i e s ,  t h e  G r o u p  r e l e a s e d  € 2 9   m i l l i o n  o f  
t h e  P i l l a r   2  p r o v i s i o n  t h a t  h a d  b e e n  a c c r u e d  i n  t h e  p r i o r  y e a r .
19. Components of other comprehensive income (including NCI1)
Items of OCI to be reclassified to 
profit or loss in subsequent periods:  145  262  407  -503  -96 
Cumulative translation adjustments  56  371  427  -727  -300 
Financial assets at FVOCI  39  -4  35  89  124 
Cash flow hedges  50  -105  -55  135  80 
Items of OCI not to be reclassified to 
profit or loss in subsequent periods:  -197  6  -191  62  -129 
Remeasurement of defined benefit 
obligation  -197  6  -191  62  -129 
Total other comprehensive income 
attributed to equity holders  -52  268  216  -441  -225 
January 1, 
2024
Movements 
2024 net of 
tax
December 
31, 2024
Movements 
2025 net of 
tax
December 
31, 2025
1. NCI: non-controlling interest
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 226
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 227]
20. Intangible assets
Gross carrying amount at January 1  7 578  556  8 134 
Additions  142  78  220 
Disposals  -34  -13  -47 
Transfer from one heading to another  33  2  35 
Effect of movements in exchange rates  -670  -9  -679 
Gross carrying amount at December 31  7 049  614  7 663 
Accumulated amortization and impairment losses at 
January 1  -3 704  -348  -4 052 
Amortization charge for the year  -382  -51  -433 
Disposals  29  12  41 
Transfer from one heading to another  -29  0  -29 
Effect of movements in exchange rates  251  6  257 
Accumulated amortization and impairment losses at 
December 31  -3 835  -381  -4 216 
Net carrying amount at December 31  3 214  233  3 447 
2025
€   m i l l i o n
Trademarks, 
patents and 
licenses Other Total Gross carrying amount at January 1  7 258  522  7 780 
Additions  87  62  149 
Disposals  -103  -33  -136 
Transfer from one heading to another  -5  3  -2 
Divestments  0  -1  -1 
Transfer to assets held for sale  -32  0  -32 
Effect of movements in exchange rates  373  4  376 
Gross carrying amount at December 31  7 578  556  8 134 
Accumulated amortization and impairment losses at 
January 1  -3 218  -330  -3 548 
Amortization charge for the year  -419  -48  -467 
Disposals  103  31  134 
Impairment losses recognized in the income statement  -73  0  -73 
Transfer from one heading to another  5  0  5 
Transfer to assets held for sale  29  0  29 
Effect of movements in exchange rates  -131  -2  -133 
Accumulated amortization and impairment losses at 
December 31  -3 704  -348  -4 052 
Net carrying amount at December 31  3 873  208  4 082 
2024
€   m i l l i o n
Trademarks, 
patents and 
licenses Other Total
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 227
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 228]
The Group amortizes all intangible assets once they are placed in service. The amortization of 
intangible assets is allocated to cost of sales for all intangible assets that are related to 
compounds. The amortization charges related to software are allocated to the functions that 
use this software.
The majority of the Group’s intangible assets arose from previous acquisitions. During 2025, 
the Group acquired intangible assets totaling  € 220 million (2024: € 149 million). These 
additions stem from in-licensing deals, software and capitalization of external development 
expenses for post approval studies. Regarding the software and eligible software development 
costs, the Group capitalized € 47 million  (2024: € 35 million).
Disposals in 2025 and in 2024 mainly relate to old licenses and software not used anymore.
During the year, the Group recognized total impairment charges of € 0 million 
(2024: € 73 million). In 2024 impairment recognized mainly related to the termination of 
the development of minzasolmin.
The amortization charge for the period amounted to € 433 million  (2024: € 467 million)
There was also a transfer of assets for € 6 million from property, plant and equipment to 
intangibles.
Furthermore, there was an impact from the translation of foreign currencies of € -422 million 
in 2025 (2024: € 243 million), mainly related to weaker USD.
Other intangible assets are primarily comprised of software and in-process development 
projects. The in-process development project assets are not amortized until they are available 
for use (i.e., when related products are launched for sale) and transferred to the licenses 
caption.
21. Goodwill 
Net book value at January 1  5 462  5 254 
Acquisition  0  0 
FX on acquisition  0  0 
Effect of movements in exchange rates  -371  208 
Net book value at December 31  5 091  5 462 
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
The Group tests goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently if there are indications 
that goodwill might be impaired. For the purpose of the impairment testing, the Group 
operates as one segment, Biopharmaceuticals, and has one single cash generating unit (CGU), 
which represents the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored.
The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined based on the value-in-use calculations and 
the methodology applied for performing the impairment testing has not been modified 
compared to 2024.
Key assumptions
The calculations performed are based on the cash flow projections as derived from the 
financials underlying the 9-year strategic plan approved by management and the Board of 
Directors. Given the nature of the industry, the long-term projections are used to fully model 
the appropriate product lifecycles based on the patent expiry and therapeutic area. These long-
term projections, which are based on past performance and management’s expectations of 
market developments, are adjusted for specific risks and include:
• the revenue growth rates of newly launched products;
• the probability of reaching commercial stage for new products and or indications;
• the probability of success of future product launches and the expected dates thereof;
• the post-patent expiry erosion.
The key assumptions, when compared to 2024, were adapted taking into account the latest 
developments of the probabilities of success and the post-patent expiry erosion. 
For the “value in use” calculations required for the impairment testing, a discount rate of  8.25% 
was used.
Taking into account current market evolutions, the cash flows beyond the projected 
forecasted period (terminal value) are extrapolated using an estimated growth rate of 2%, 
compared to 2% in 2024. The growth rate does not exceed the long-term average growth rate 
for the relevant territories in which the CGU operates.
The Group has most of its revenue and expenses in EUR and USD based countries. The 
following important exchange rates were used in preparing the future cash flows:
9  Years 
Projection 2024
USD 1.16 - 1.21 1.10 - 1.12
GBP 0.83 - 0.86 0.85 - 0.86
JPY 159 - 160 159 - 166
CHF 0.85 - 0.93 0.89 - 0.96
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 228
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 229]
Starting from risk-free long-term EU generic government bonds 20 years (2024: 20 years), the 
discount rate applied is determined based on the weighted average cost of capital for DCF 
models, including the 20 years (2024: 20 year) benchmark cost of debt and equity. Given the 
industry, the Group used a discount rate of 8.25% (2024: 8.25%). The discount rate is reviewed 
at least annually.
Since after-tax cash flows are incorporated into the calculation of the value-in-use of the CGU, 
a post-tax discount rate is used in order to remain consistent.
The use of the post-tax discount rate approximates the result of using a pre-tax rate applied to 
pre-tax cash flows. A tax rate up to 25% was used (2024: 22%). 
Sensitivity analysis
Based on the above, management assessed that no reasonable change in any of the key 
assumptions for the determination of the recoverable amount would cause the carrying value 
of the CGU to materially exceed its recoverable amount. For information purposes, the 
sensitivity analysis using a -3 % perpetual growth rate combined with an overall discount rate 
below 18 % would not result in an impairment of the goodwill.
22. Property, plant and equipment
Gross carrying amount at January 1  1 002  1 217  229  777  3 225 
Additions  11  23  45  319  398 
Disposals  -13  -87  -36  -1  -137 
Transfer from one heading to another  233  243  8  -487  -3 
Effect of movements in exchange rates  -36  -11  -10  -6  -63 
Gross carrying amount at December 31  1 197  1 385  236  602  3 420 
Accumulated depreciation at January 1  -509  -833  -129  0  -1 471 
Depreciation charge for the year  -58  -91  -45  0  -194 
Disposals  12  85  36  0  133 
Effect of movements in exchange rates  16  6  5  0  27 
Accumulated depreciation at December 31  -539  -833  -133  0  -1 505 
Net carrying amount at December 31  658  552  103  602  1 915 
2025
€   m i l l i o n
Land and 
buildings
Plant and 
machinery
Office, computer 
equipment, vehicles 
and other
Assets under 
construction Total
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 229
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 230]
Gross carrying amount at January 1  953  1 188  201  641  2 983 
Additions  53  21  55  208  337 
Disposals  -19  -24  -33  -1  -77 
Divestment  -21  -16  -3  -3  -43 
Transfer from one heading to another  18  45  6  -72  -3 
Effect of movements in exchange rates  18  3  3  4  28 
Gross carrying amount at December 31  1 002  1 217  229  777  3 225 
Accumulated depreciation at January 1  -483  -779  -126  0  -1 388 
Depreciation charge for the year  -51  -85  -38  0  -174 
Disposals  18  23  33  0  74 
Divestment  14  11  3  0  28 
Transfer from one heading to another  -1  0  0  0  -1 
Effect of movements in exchange rates  -6  -3  -1  0  -10 
Accumulated depreciation at December 31  -509  -833  -129  0  -1 471 
Net carrying amount at December 31  493  384  100  777  1 754 
2024
€   m i l l i o n
Land and 
buildings
Plant and 
machinery
Office, computer 
equipment, vehicles 
and other
Assets under 
construction Total
None of the Group property, plant and equipment is subject to restrictions on title nor has it been pledged as security for liabilities.
During 2025, the Group acquired property, plant and equipment totaling € 398 million (2024: € 337 million). These additions include right-of-use assets for € 49 million (2024: € 98 million). 
The asset under constructions mainly relates to, Gene Therapy site (Belgium) and new campus site in the U.K. 
Other additions relate to the revamping of the office environment, building facilities and IT hardware and other plant and equipment.
During the year, the Group did not recognize any impairment expenses (2024: impairment of € 0 million).
The depreciation charge for the year amounts to € -194 million (2024: € -174 million) and includes the depreciation on the right-of-use assets (€ -62 million).
Capitalized borrowing costs
No borrowing costs were capitalized during 2025 (2024: € 0 million).
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 230
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 231]
23. Financial and other assets 
23.1. Non-current financial and other assets
Financial assets at FVOCI (excluding derivatives) 23.3  165  144 
Non-current loans and advances  52  28 
Derivative financial instruments 39  18  41 
Reimbursement rights with respect to German defined 
benefit plans  24  24 
Other financial assets  9  4 
Non-current financial and other assets  268  241 
€   m i l l i o n Note 2025 2024
23.2. Current financial and other assets
Clinical trial materials  84  85 
Financial assets at FVOCI (excluding derivatives) 23.3  112  99 
Loans granted to third parties  5  6 
Derivative financial instruments 39  107  110 
Current financial and other assets  308  300 
€   m i l l i o n Note 2025 2024
23.3. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) 
(excluding derivatives)
The current and non-current financial assets at FVOCI (excluding derivatives) comprise the 
following:
Equity securities  277  243 
Financial assets at FVOCI (excluding derivatives)  277  243 
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
The movement in the carrying values of the financial assets at FVOCI (excluding derivatives) is 
as follows:
2025 2024
€   m i l l i o n
Equity 
securities
Equity 
securities
At January 1  243  190 
Additions  35  56 
Disposals  -14  -1 
Fair value gains/losses (-) going through OCI  13  -2 
At December 31  277  243 
For more information on the derivatives of which fair value movements are accounted for 
through OCI, we refer to Note 39 Derivative financial instruments.
For the financial assets that are valued at amortized cost, the carrying amount approximates 
the fair value.
The Group does not have any investments in debt instruments.
The equity securities include investments done by UCB Ventures as well as investments in 
companies where UCB does not have significant influence. These investments have been 
classified as financial assets at FVOCI. The investments are measured at fair value. All fair value 
gains and losses are presented in OCI.
The additions to financial assets at FVOCI in the year include € 18 million new or increases in 
existing investments. The fair value gains and losses going through OCI resulted in a net gain of 
€ 13 million.
The current financial assets at FVOCI (€ 112 million in 2025 compared to € 99 million in 2024) 
relate to vested long-term incentives granted to employees. These are held in custody for the 
account of the relevant participants on a separate securities account of UCB. There is a 
corresponding liability which is recorded in Other Payables (Note 35 Trade and other liabilities). 
As these shares are held for the account of the relevant participants and not for UCB’s 
account, these are not treated as treasury shares in accordance with IAS 32.33.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 231
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 232]
23.4. Investment in associates
The Group has no material investments in associates.
23.5. Joint operations
No joint operations were entered into by the Group in 2025.
23.6. Subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests
As of December 31, 2025 and 2024 there is no accumulated non-controlling interest.
24. Inventories
Raw materials and consumables  229  167 
Work in progress  866  889 
Finished goods  401  254 
Goods purchased for resale  1  0 
Inventories  1 497  1 309 
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
The cost of inventories recognized as an expense and included in “cost of sales” amounted to 
€ 1 119 million (2024: € 944 million). There are no inventories pledged for security, nor is there 
any inventory stated at net realizable value. The write-down on inventories amounted to 
€ 66 million in 2025 (2024: € 35 million) and has been included in cost of sales. Total inventory 
increased by € 188 million and includes among others the further build-up of BIMZELX®, 
RYSTIGGO® and ZILBRYSQ®. 
25. Trade and other receivables 
Trade receivables  1 344  1 026 
Less: provision for write-off  -12  -18 
Trade receivables – net  1 332  1 008 
VAT receivable  64  49 
Interest receivables  14  20 
Prepaid expenses  190  173 
Accrued income  0  0 
Other receivables  236  255 
Royalty receivables  24  21 
Trade and other receivables  1 861  1 526 
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
The carrying amount of trade and other receivables approximates their fair values. With respect 
to trade receivables, the fair value is estimated to be the carrying amount less the provision for 
write-off and for all other receivables the carrying value approximates fair value given the short-
term maturity of these amounts.
There is some concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables. For some credit 
exposures in critical countries, such as the Southern European countries, the Group obtained 
credit insurance. The Group co-operates with dedicated wholesalers in certain countries. The 
largest outstanding trade receivable in 2025 from a single customer is 21% (2024: 18%) from 
McKesson Corp. U.S.
The increase in other receivables is mainly due to milestones to be received and partnerships. 
The aging analysis of the Group trade receivables at year-end is as follows:
2025 2024
€   m i l l i o n
Gross 
carrying 
amounts Write-off
Gross carrying 
amounts Write-off
Not past due  1 251  0  983  0 
Past due – less than one month  57  0  18  0 
Past due more than one month and not 
more than three months  20  0  3  0 
Past due more than three months and not 
more than six months  3  0  2  0 
Past due more than six months and not 
more than one year  1  -1  8  -7 
Past due more than one year  13  -11  13  -11 
Total  1 344  -12  1 026  -18 
Based on historical default rates, the Group believes that no provision for write-off is necessary 
in respect of trade receivables not past due. This concerns 93% (2024: 96%) of the outstanding 
balance at the statement of financial position date. The movement in the provision for write-off 
in respect of trade receivables is shown below:
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
B a l a n c e  a t   J a n u a r y  1  -18  -13 
Write-off charge recognized in the income statement  0  -9 
U t i l i z a t i o n   /   r e v e r s a l  o f  p r o v i s i o n  f o r  w r i t e - o f f  7  3 
Effects of movements in exchange rates  -1  0 
B a l a n c e  a t   D e c e m b e r  3 1  -12  -18 
The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain assets for which a write-off 
has been posted.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 232
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 233]
The carrying amounts of the Group trade and other receivables are denominated in the 
following currencies:
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
EUR  428  357 
USD  1 088  776 
JPY  74  67 
GBP  55  67 
CNY  10  62 
CHF  19  20 
KRW  9  9 
Other currencies  178  168 
Trade and other receivables  1 861  1 526 
The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the fair value of each class of 
receivable mentioned above. The Group does not hold any collateral as security.
26. Cash and cash equivalents 
 Short-term cash investments  2 028  1 411 
 Cash at bank and on hand  223  162 
 Cash and cash equivalents (excluding bank overdrafts)  2 251  1 573 
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
€59 million (€62 million in 2024) of above cash and short-term deposits are held in countries 
with restrictive regulations on exporting capital from the country other than via normal 
dividends, such as Brazil, China, India, South Korea, Russia, and Turkey, or in local short-term 
deposit by group entities in compliance with local reserve requirements.
For the purpose of presentation in the Statement of Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents 
comprise cash at bank and on hand, and short-term cash investments including money market 
fund investments, term deposits, demand deposits and other short-term highly liquid 
investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to 
known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and 
bank overdrafts. Bank overdrafts, in the statement of financial position, are shown within 
borrowings in current liabilities.
€   m i l l i o n Note 2025 2024
Cash and cash equivalents  2 251  1 573 
Bank overdrafts 29  0  0 
Cash and cash equivalents (including bank overdrafts)  2 251  1 573 
27. Capital and reserves 
27.1. Share capital and share premium
The issued share capital of the Company amounted to € 584 million (2024: € 584 million), and 
is represented by 194 505 658 shares (2024: 194 505 658 shares). The Company’s shares are 
without par value. At December 31, 2025, 71 340 322 shares were registered and 123 165 336 
were dematerialized shares. The holders of UCB shares are entitled to receive dividends as 
declared and are also entitled to one vote per share at the shareholders’ meeting of the 
Company. There is no authorized, unissued capital.
At December 31, 2025, the share premium reserves amounted to € 2 030 million 
(2024: € 2 030 million). 
27.2. Treasury shares
The Group acquired, through UCB SA/NV 700 000 treasury shares (2024: 1 300 000) for a 
total amount of € 121 million (2024: € 162 million) and transferred 1 018 955 treasury shares 
(2024: 1 565 838) for a total amount of € 85 million (2024: € 128 million). Net transfer of 
318 955 treasury shares for a net amount of € -36 million. 
During 2025, the Group did not acquire or dispose of any treasury shares as part of share swap 
transactions (2024: 0 acquired and 0 disposed). At December 31, 2025, the Group retained 
4 144 296 treasury shares of which none related to share swap deals (2024: 4 463 251). These 
treasury shares have been acquired in order to honor the exercise of stock options and share 
awards granted to the Executive Committee members and certain categories of employees.
In the current year, no call options on UCB shares have been acquired (2024: 0) nor have any 
call options been exercised (2024: 0). At December 31, 2025, the Group did not hold any 
options on UCB shares (December 31, 2024: 0).
27.3. Other reserves
Other reserves amount to € 59 million (2024: € -3 million) with the movement related to the 
re-measurement of the defined benefit obligation for € 62 million bringing total 
remeasurement value at € -137 million (2024:€ -199 million).
27.4. Cumulative translation adjustments
The cumulative translation adjustments reserve represents the cumulative currency translation 
differences relating to the consolidation of Group companies that use functional currencies 
other than the euro as well as any cumulative foreign exchange gains or losses resulting from 
net investment hedges.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 233
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 234]
28. Share-based payments
The Group operates several equity-based and cash-based compensation plans, including a 
stock option plan, a stock appreciation rights plan, a stock award plan and a performance 
share plan to compensate employees for services rendered.
The stock option plan, the stock award plan and the performance share plan are equity-settled, 
whereas the stock appreciation rights plan is a cash-settled plan. Besides these plans, the 
Group also operates employee stock purchase plans in the U.K. and the U.S. and phantom 
share plans. The expenses incurred for these plans are immaterial.
28.1. Stock option plan and stock appreciation rights plan
The Governance, Nomination and Compensation Committee (GNCC) granted options on 
UCB shares to the Executive Committee members, the senior executives and the senior 
directors of the UCB Group. The exercise price of the granted options under these plans is 
equal to the lowest of the following two values:
• the average of the closing price of the UCB shares on Euronext Brussels, during the 30 days 
preceding the offer; or
• the closing price of the UCB shares on Euronext Brussels the day before the grant.
A different exercise price is determined for those eligible employees subject to legislation 
which requires a different exercise price in order to benefit from reduced taxation. The options 
become exercisable after a vesting period of three years, except for those eligible employees 
subject to legislation which requires a longer vesting period in order to benefit from reduced 
taxation. If an employee leaves the Group, his/her options usually lapse upon expiry of a period 
of six months. Options do not lapse in case of death or retirement and in case of involuntary 
termination when taxes have been paid upon grant. The Group has no obligation to 
repurchase or settle the options in cash.
The options are not transferable (except in case of death).
The Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs) plan has similar characteristics to the stock option plan, 
except that it is reserved for UCB employees in the U.S. This plan is cash-settled.
28.2. Stock award plan
The GNCC granted free UCB shares to the Executive Committee members, the senior 
executives and the senior and middle management of the UCB Group. The free shares have 
service conditions attached to them whereby beneficiaries are required to remain in service for 
three years post grant date. Stock awards lapse upon leaving the Group, except upon leaving 
on retirement or death in which case they vest immediately (in full in case of death and 
reduced pro rata temporis in case of retirement). The beneficiary is not entitled to dividends 
during the vesting period.
28.3. Performance share plan
The GNCC granted performance shares to senior executives for specific achievements aligned 
with company strategic priorities. The performance shares are conditional on the beneficiary 
completing three years of service (the vesting period) and the number of shares awarded is 
adjusted at the end of the vesting period based on the company’s performance against its 
goals.
Performance shares lapse upon leaving the Group, except in case of death where they vest 
immediately and in case of leaving on retirement where they are reduced pro rata temporis, 
the number of shares vested is adjusted based on the company’s performance against its goals 
and delivered on the original vesting date (the third anniversary of grant). The beneficiary is not 
entitled to dividends during the vesting period.
28.4. Phantom stock option, stock award and performance share plans
The Group also has phantom stock option, phantom stock award and phantom performance 
share plans (collectively referred to as phantom plans). These phantom plans apply to certain 
employees who have an employment contract with certain affiliates of the Group and are 
governed under similar rules to the Group stock option, stock award and performance share 
plans except for their settlement. As of December 31, 2025, these plans had 265 participants 
(2024: 242) and the share-based payment expense incurred for these plans is immaterial.
28.5. North America employee stock purchase plan
The plan is intended to provide employees of UCB affiliates in North America with an 
opportunity to purchase common stock of the Group. Shares are acquired at a discount of 15% 
which is funded by UCB. Employees save a defined percentage of their salary through payroll 
deduction and shares will be purchased with after-tax employee contributions. The shares are 
held by an independent third party banking institution in an account in the employee’s name.
The limit placed on employees’ participation in the plan is as follows:
• between 1% and 10% of each participant’s compensation;
• US$ 25 000 per year per participant;
As of December 31, 2025, the plan had 1 003 participants (2024: 978). There are no specific 
vesting conditions and the share-based payment expense incurred for this plan is immaterial.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 234
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 235]
28.6. Stock savings plan in the U.K.
The purpose of this plan is to encourage the holding of UCB shares by employees in the U.K. 
Participants save a certain portion of their salary through payroll deductions and UCB matches 
every 1 share bought by each participant with 1 free share. Shares are held in an account in the 
employee’s name by an independent company that acts as a trustee. Employee contributions 
to the plan are limited to the lower of:
• 10% of each participant’s compensation;
• GBP 1 800 per year per participant.
As of December 31, 2025, the plan had 512 participants (2024: 501) and the share-based 
payment expense incurred for this plan is immaterial.
28.7. Share-based payment expense
The total share-based payment expense incurred for the Group amounted to € 188 million 
(2024: € 183 million), and has been included in the relevant functional lines within the income 
statement as follows:
Cost of sales  11  10 
Marketing and selling expenses  74  56 
Research and development expenses  69  73 
General and administrative expenses  34  44 
Total operating expense  188  183 
Of which, equity-settled:
Stock option plans  9  7 
Stock award plans  114  99 
Performance share plan  25  19 
Of which, cash-settled:
Stock appreciation rights plan  35  49 
Phantom stock option, stock award and performance share plans  5  9 
€ million 2025 2024
28.8. Stock option plans
The movements in the number of stock options outstanding and their related weighted average exercise prices as at December 31 are:
Outstanding at January 1  19.85  84.85 2 301 188  15.62  75.62 2 993 082
+ New options granted  43.36  162.94 179 965  31.51  110.18 443 155
+ Options converted in other plans  11.87  65.32 1 650
(-) Options forfeited  23.27  91.83 59 924  23.33  92.30 32 678
(-) Options exercised  15.40  76.45 574 527  12.96  69.77 1 102 021
(-) Options expired  10.97  67.35 6 593  9.60  58.12 2 000
Outstanding at December 31  23.46  94.95 1 840 109  19.85  84.85 2 301 188
Number of options fully vested:
At January 1 1 063 434 1 794 129
At December 31 772 898 1 063 434
2025 2024
Weighted 
average fair 
value (€)
Weighted 
average 
exercise price 
(€)
Number of stock 
options
Weighted 
average fair 
value (€)
Weighted 
average 
exercise price 
(€)
Number of stock 
options
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 235
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 236]
The stock options outstanding as at December 31, 2025 with the following last exercise dates 
and exercise prices are:
Last exercise date
Range of exercise 
prices (€)
Number of stock 
options
March 31, 2026 67.24  27 530 
March 31, 2027 [70.26 - 72.71]  110 416 
March 31, 2028 66.18  137 595 
March 31, 2029 [76.09-76.56]  161 537 
March 31, 2030 [76.21-79]  138 464 
March 31, 2031 [79.99-81.12]  151 436 
March 31, 2032 [102.04-108.45]  218 872 
March 31, 2033 [79.97-82.44]  305 168 
March 31, 2034 [109.80-114.40]  411 683 
March 31, 2035 [162.75-170.62]  177 408 
Total outstanding 1 840 109
The fair value has been determined based on the “Black- Scholes” valuation model.
The volatility was determined primarily by reference to historically observed share prices of 
UCB over the last five years. The probability of early exercise is reflected in the expected life of 
the options. The expected forfeiture rate is based on actual turnover of employees for 
categories eligible for stock option compensation.
The significant assumptions used in the measurement of the fair value of the stock options 
granted in 2025 and 2024 are:
2025 2024
Share price at grant date € 162.75 114.40
Weighted average exercise price € 162.94 110.18
Expected volatility %  27.73  28.53 
Expected option life Years 5.00 5.00
Expected dividend yield %  0.85  1.19 
Risk free interest rate %  2.66  2.61 
Expected annual forfeiture rate %  7.00  7.00 
28.9. Stock appreciation rights (SARs) plan
The movements of the SARs and the model inputs as at December 31, 2025 can be found in 
the table below.
The fair value of the SARs at grant date is determined using the Black-Scholes model. The fair 
value of the liability is remeasured at each reporting date.
Outstanding rights as at January 1 726 746 829 481
+ New rights granted 86 120  248 658 
(-) Rights converted from other plans  1 650 
(-) Rights forfeited 17 915  48 053 
(-) Rights exercised 168 984  278 659 
(-) Rights expired 1 500  23 031 
Outstanding rights as at December 31 624 467  726 746 
The significant assumptions used in the measurement 
of the fair value of the stock appreciation rights are:
Share price at year end € 238.60 192.20
Exercise price € 162.75 114.40
Expected volatility %  28.46  28.90 
Expected option life Years 5.00 5.00
Expected dividend yield %  0.58  0.71 
Risk free interest rate %  2.71  2.50 
Expected annual forfeiture rate %  7.00  7.00 
2025 2024
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 236
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 237]
28.10. Stock award plans
The share-based payment expense related to these stock awards is spread over the vesting 
period of three years.
The beneficiaries are not entitled to dividends during the vesting period. The movement in the 
number of stock awards outstanding at December 31 is as follows: 
Outstanding at January 1 2 728 187  101 2 398 099  89 
+ New stock awards granted 521 241  164 1 205 476  115 
(-) Awards forfeited 114 235  113 193 638  98 
(-) Awards converted in phantom plans 200  106 
(-) Awards vested and paid out 660 943  106 681 550  82 
Outstanding at December 31 2 474 250  113 2 728 187  101 
2025 2024
Number of 
stock awards
Weighted 
average fair 
value (€)
Number of 
stock awards
Weighted 
average fair 
value (€)
28.11. Performance share plans
The movement in the number of performance shares outstanding at December 31 is as 
follows: 
Outstanding at January 1 493 595  101 466 789  89 
+ New performance shares granted 182 180  163 224 554  114 
(-) Performance shares forfeited 31 315  103 45 513  98 
(-) Performance shares vested 130 471  108 152 235  83 
Outstanding at December 31 513 989  116 493 595  101 
2025 2024
Number of 
stock awards
Weighted 
average fair 
value (€)
Number of 
stock awards
Weighted 
average fair 
value (€)
29. Borrowings
The carrying amounts and fair values of borrowings are as follows: 
Non-current
Bank borrowings  1 394  -638  0  0  -122  1  635 
Leases  145  0  0  -43  -9  26  119 
Total non-current borrowings  1 539  -638  0  -43  -131  27  754 
Current
Bank overdrafts  0  0  0  0  0  0  0 
Current portion of bank borrowings  -1  0  0  0  0  0  -1 
Debentures and other short-term loans  3  -3  0  0  0  0  0 
Leases  61  -60  0  43  -4  23  63 
Total current borrowings  63  -63  0  43  -4  23  62 
Total borrowings  1 602  -701  0  0  -135  50  816 
2024
Cash Flows Non-cash changes
2025€   m i l l i o n
From 
Financing 
activities
Increase/ 
Decrease in 
cash
Transfer Non-
Current to 
Current
Foreign 
Exchange 
Movement Other
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 237
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 238]
On December 31, 2025 the Group’s weighted average interest rate (excluding leases) was 
3.40% (2024: 4.08%) prior to hedging. The floating interest rate payments are subject to 
designated cash flow hedges and fixed interest rate payments are subject to designated fair 
value hedges, thereby fixing the weighted average interest rate for the Group at 3.91% 
(2024: 4.56%) post hedging. The fees paid for the arrangement of the bonds (Note 30 Bonds), 
and the amended facilities agreement are amortized over the life of the instruments.
Where applicable under hedge accounting, the fair value of the non-current borrowings is 
determined based on the present value of the payments associated with the debt instruments, 
using the applicable yield curve and UCB credit spread for the various different currencies.
Since the bank borrowings are at a floating interest rate that is reset minimally on a daily, up to 
on a semi-annual basis, the carrying amount of the bank borrowings equates to its fair value. 
With respect to the current borrowings, the carrying amounts approximate their fair values as 
the effect of discounting is considered to be insignificant.
On March 27, 2023 the Group signed a € 1 billion sustainability-linked revolving credit facility 
agreement with maturity in 2028 (including the option to request further extensions of the 
maturity date by two additional years). This new facility replaced the € 1 billion revolving credit 
facility that was maturing on January 9, 2025 and that was subsequently cancelled. Following 
the second extension request in February 2025, the maturity date has been extended until 
2030 for commitments totalling € 928 million under the revolving credit facility, except for 
€ 72 million, which remains set for 2029. Per December 31, 2025 there were no outstanding 
amounts under the revolving credit facility (2024: € 0 million).
As per December 31, 2025, US$ 378 million remains outstanding under a € 350 million bilateral 
committed bullet term loan agreement (2024: US$ 378 million), which was entered into in 
November 2021 and fully drawn on September 8, 2023 for an equivalent amount of US$ 378 
million. The maturity of this bilateral loan agreement is in 2031.
As per December 31, 2025, three incremental facilities that were established under the bullet 
term loan facility agreement that the Group entered into in 2019 for the acquisition of Ra 
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and that was fully repaid in 2024, remained outstanding: a € 90 million 
bilateral loan (2024: € 90 million), established as a first incremental facility, drawn on October 
3, 2022 and with maturity in 2029, another € 90 million bilateral loan (2024: € 90 million), 
established as a second incremental facility, drawn on January 26, 2023 and with maturity in 
2028, and a US$ 80 million term loan agreement (2024: US$ 80 million), drawn on July, 10 
2024 and with maturity in 2029. In January 2026, the Group voluntarily prepaid that second 
incremental facility of € 90 million with maturity date in 2028.
As per December 31, 2025, the Group had voluntarily prepaid the bullet term loan facility 
agreement, maturing in 2027, that it entered into in 2022 to finance the Zogenix, Inc. 
acquisition (2024: US$ 600 million). Outstanding interest rate hedges that had been entered 
into in connection with this loan have been de-designated as cash flow hedges and 
subsequently terminated.
Furthermore, in 2025, the Group also voluntarily prepaid certain tranches of the 
Schuldscheindarlehen (SSD) transaction that it entered into on November 2, 2022 as a 
multi-tranche transaction. As a consequence, as per December 31, 2025, € 36 million 
(2024: € 144 million) and US$ 0 million (2024: US$ 20 million) remain outstanding under this 
transaction. The single tranche Schuldscheindarlehen (SSD) transaction the Group entered into 
on August 24, 2023 for an amount of € 30 million also remains outstanding as per 
December 31, 2025 (2024: € 30 million).
Further to the aforementioned loan and facility agreements, the Group also has access to the 
Belgian commercial paper market under which € 0 million was outstanding as per 
December 31, 2025 (2024: € 0 million) and also has access to certain non-committed bilateral 
credit facilities. None of the Group’s outstanding debt or undrawn credit facilities are subject to 
financial covenants.
The Group designates derivative financial instruments under cash flow hedges to the floating 
rate loan agreements. Under cash flow hedges, changes in fair value resulting from interest 
rate derivatives designated to the floating rate liabilities of the Group are accounted for through 
equity.
Please refer to Note 5.3 Liquidity risk for the maturity analysis of the Group borrowings 
(excluding other financial liabilities).
The carrying amounts of the Group borrowings are denominated in the following currencies: 
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
USD  467  1 142 
EUR  318  426 
GBP  8  10 
CNY  1  4 
JPY  7  5 
Other  15  15 
Total borrowings  816  1 602 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 238
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 239]
30. Bonds  
The carrying amounts and fair values of bonds are as follows:
Institutional Eurobond  1.000 % 2028  463  0  10  1  474  466  478 
EMTN Note1  1.000 % 2027  140  0  3  1  144  140  143 
Retail bond  5.200 % 2029  313  0  -4  -1  308  320  318 
Institutional Eurobond  4.250 % 2030  508  0  -6  1  503  514  514 
Total bonds  1 424  0  3  2  1 429  1 440  1 453 
Of which:
Non-current  1 424  0  3  2  1 429  1 440  1 453 
Current  0  0  0  0  0  0  0 
Derivatives used for hedging  19  0  -3  0  16 
Of which:
Non-current assets (-)  19  0  -3  0  16 
Current assets (-)  0  0  0  0  0 
Non-current liabilities (+)  0  0  0  0  0 
Current liabilities (+)  0  0  0  0  0 
Carrying amount Fair value
€ million Coupon rate Maturity date 2024 Cash Flows
Fair Value 
changes
Other 
movements 2025 2024 2025
1. EMTN: Euro Medium Term Note. The fair value of the EMTN Notes cannot be accurately determined given the limited liquidity in secondary market trading for these notes, and is for reporting purposes replaced by the carrying value.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 239
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 240]
30.1. Retail bonds
Maturing in 2029:
During November 2023, UCB completed a public offering of € 300 million fixed rate bonds, 
due in 2029 and aimed at retail investors. These retail bonds will be redeemed at 100% of their 
principal amount and carry a coupon of 5.20% per annum while their effective interest rate is 
5.2216% per annum. The bonds have been listed on Euronext Brussels.
30.2. Institutional Eurobonds
Maturing in 2028:
In March 2021, UCB completed an offering of € 500 million senior unsecured bonds, due in 
2028 issued under its EMTN program. The Bonds were issued at 99.751% in March 2021 and 
will be redeemed at 100% of their principal amount. These bonds carry a coupon of 1.00% per 
annum while their effective interest rate is 1.1231% per annum. The bonds have been listed on 
Euronext Brussels.
Maturing in 2030:
In March 2024, UCB completed an offering of € 500 million senior unsecured bonds, due in 
2030 issued under its EMTN program. The Bonds were issued at 99.482% in March 2024 and 
will be redeemed at 100% of their principal amount. These bonds carry a coupon of 4.25% per 
annum while their effective interest rate is 4.4328% per annum. The bonds have been listed on 
Euronext Brussels. 
30.3. EMTN notes
Maturing in 2027:
In October 2020, UCB completed an offering of € 150 million notes, due in 2027. The notes 
were issued at 100% and will be redeemed at 100% of their principal amount. These notes 
carry a coupon of 1.00% per annum while their effective interest rate is 1.0298% per annum. 
The notes have been listed on Euronext Brussels.
30.4. Fair value hedges
The Group designates derivative financial instruments under fair value hedges to the Retail 
Bonds and Institutional Eurobonds. The change in the carrying amount of the bonds is fully 
attributable to the change in the fair value of the hedged portion of the bonds, and is almost 
fully offset by a change in fair value of the corresponding derivative financial instrument.
31. Other financial liabilities
Non-current
Derivative financial instruments 39  32  65  32  65 
Other financial liabilities  0  0  0  0 
Total non-current other financial 
liabilities  32  65  32  65 
Current
Derivative financial instruments 39  83  128  83  128 
Other financial liabilities  0  0  0  0 
Total current other financial liabilities  83  128  83  128 
Total other financial liabilities  115  193  115  193 
Carrying amount Fair value
€   m i l l i o n Note 2025 2024 2025 2024
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 240
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 241]
32. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
32.1. Recognized deferred tax assets and liabilities
Intangible assets  -744  0  0  91  0  0  86  -567 
Property, plant and equipment  -20  0  0  -49  0  0  1  -68 
Inventories  425  0  0  50  0  0  -4  471 
Trade and other receivables  45  0  0  8  -49  0  -3  1 
Employee benefits  36  0  0  3  0  -11  0  28 
Provisions  23  0  0  6  0  0  -2  27 
Other short-term liabilities  202  0  0  154  -1  0  -30  326 
Unused tax losses  281  1  0  105  0  0  -12  376 
Unused tax credits  679  0  9  -2  0  0  -7  679 
Total net deferred tax assets/liabilities (-)  929  1  9  366  -50  -11  29  1 273 
€ million 2024
Acquisition/
Disposals
R&D 
Adjustment
Current Year 
Movement
OCI - Cash 
flow hedges OCI - Pensions
Effect of 
movements in 
exchange rate 2025
Intangible assets  -802  0  0  108  0  0  -50  -744 
Property, plant and equipment  -20  0  0  0  0  0  0  -20 
Inventories  323  0  0  101  0  0  1  425 
Trade and other receivables  12  0  0  -3  34  0  1  44 
Employee benefits  39  0  0  -4  0  0  0  35 
Provisions  3  0  0  22  0  0  -1  24 
Other short-term liabilities  141  -1  0  55  -3  0  12  204 
Unused tax losses  197  0  0  79  0  0  6  282 
Unused tax credits  625  0  50  0  0  0  4  679 
Total net deferred tax assets/liabilities (-)  518  -1  50  358  31  0  -27  929 
€ million 2023
Acquisition/
Disposals
R&D 
Adjustment
Current Year 
Movement
OCI - Cash 
flow hedges OCI - Pensions
Effect of 
movements in 
exchange rate 2024
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 241
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 242]
On December 31, 2025, the Group recognized total net deferred tax assets of €1 273 million. 
Based on historical taxable income and projected future taxable profits over the periods in 
which deductible temporary differences are expected to reverse, the Group considers it 
probable that the recognized deferred tax assets will be realized. In line with applicable 
guidelines, the Group has assessed a reasonable measurement period and methodology—
taking into account the function and risk profile of each relevant taxable entity—to support the 
recognition of its deferred tax positions.
During 2025, the Group recorded an overall increase in net deferred tax assets, reflecting a rise 
in deferred tax assets combined with a more moderate increase in deferred tax liabilities. The 
main drivers of this movement are outlined below:
• Utilization and remeasurement of deferred taxes: Tax losses carried forward were utilized 
against taxable profits in key entities and additional tax assets were recognized based on 
projected future taxable profits. 
• I n t a n g i b l e  a s s e t s :  D e f e r r e d  t a x  l i a b i l i t i e s  c o n t i n u e d  t o  u n w i n d  o n  a c q u i s i t i o n - r e l a t e d  
i n t a n g i b l e  a s s e t s .  T h e  i m p a c t  i s  a m p l i f i e d  b y  f o r e i g n - c u r r e n c y  r e m e a s u r e m e n t .
O t h e r  d e f e r r e d  t a x  m o v e m e n t s  r e l a t e  t o  c h a n g e s  i n  s t a t e m e n t - o f - f i n a n c i a l - p o s i t i o n  i t e m s — s u c h  
as returns & rebates provisions, inventory, other receivables and tangible assets—the impact of 
tax law changes, and the reassessment of deferred tax balances denominated in foreign 
currencies. 
In 2025, deferred tax assets linked to R&D and other tax credits remained stable, driven by 
ongoing R&D investments allowing successful R&D tax credit claims, nearly fully offset by 
r e f u n d s  r e c e i v e d  a n d  t h e  u t i l i z a t i o n  o f  c r e d i t  c a r r y - f o r w a r d s  i n  B e l g i u m ,  S w i t z e r l a n d ,  G e r m a n y ,  
and the U.S.
Tax Reforms
UCB falls within the scope of the Pillar 2 international tax reform, which has been enacted in 
most jurisdictions in which the Group operates. In 2023, the European Union has endorsed the 
I A S B  a m e n d m e n t s  t o  I A S   1 2  r e l a t e d  t o  t h e  i m p l e m e n t a t i o n  o f  t h e  P i l l a r   2  m o d e l  r u l e s ,  w h i c h  
provide a temporary exception from recognizing and disclosing deferred taxes arising from 
t h e s e  r u l e s .  T h i s  e x c e p t i o n  i s  r e q u i r e d  t o  b e  a p p l i e d  i m m e d i a t e l y  i n  a c c o r d a n c e  w i t h  I A S   8 ,  a n d  
the Group has applied it accordingly.
T h e  i m p a c t  o f  e n a c t e d  t a x  r a t e  c h a n g e s  ( i m p a c t i n g  d e f e r r e d  t a x  b a l a n c e s )  a n d  o f  t h e  P i l l a r   2  
model rules (minimum effective tax rate of 15%) has been assessed by management. The 
Group also continues to monitor broader tax reform developments in key jurisdictions, 
including changes to corporate income tax regimes and international tax frameworks, none of 
which are currently expected to have a material impact on the Group’s deferred tax position.
Deferred tax assets on tax credits 
T h e  g r o u p  r e c o r d e d  d e f e r r e d  t a x  a s s e t s  o n  t a x  c r e d i t s .  A t  y e a r - e n d ,  t h e  d e f e r r e d  t a x  a s s e t  
related to R&D tax credits amounted to €606 million (2024: €595 million), which will result in a 
future cash tax benefit. 
Other tax credits totaling €73 million relate to the dividend received deduction available in 
Belgium, the interest deduction in Germany, and the deferred tax asset arising from the 2022 
U.S. regulations on capitalization of R&D expenses.
Deferred tax assets on losses
UCB recorded a substantial utilization of tax losses carried forward in key jurisdictions during 
2025, while some additional tax losses were generated in others. A deferred tax asset of 
€376 million (2024: €281 million) was recognized in respect of tax losses carried forward 
totaling €1 542 million (2024: €1 187 million), based on the Group's conclusion that the 
relevant entities will generate sufficient taxable profits in the foreseeable future to utilize these 
losses. This assessment relies on reliable forecasts reflecting the function and risk profile of the 
entities and any potential restrictions that could be available. These losses have arisen in 
jurisdictions in which UCB operates and do not expire. 
In line with applicable guidance, the Group has recognized a deferred tax asset on part of the 
carry-forward tax losses and unused innovation income deduction in the hands of its main 
Group IP owner located in Belgium. Taking into account the function and risk profile of this 
e n t i t y ,  m a n a g e m e n t  p e r f o r m e d  i n - d e p t h  q u a l i t a t i v e  a n d  q u a n t i t a t i v e  a n a l y s e s  t o  s u p p o r t  a  
p a r t i a l ,  r i s k - a d j u s t e d  r e c o g n i t i o n  o f  t h e s e  d e f e r r e d  t a x  a s s e t s ,  c o n s i d e r i n g  t h e  e n t i t y ’ s  t a x a b l e  
position over the measurement period. Based on multiple regulatory approvals in key markets 
f o r  n e w  l a u n c h  a s s e t s  a n d  t h e  p e r f o r m a n c e  o f  l a t e r - s t a g e  a s s e t s ,  i t  i s  c o n s i d e r e d  m o s t  
probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available—consistent with  UCB’s long range 
forecast exercise—to utilize the existing tax attributes over the next three financial years. 
Undiscounted forecasts have been used to assess the availability of future taxable profits.
32.2. Unused tax losses
As of December 31, 2025, the Group had €4 728 million (2024: €5 134 million) of gross unused 
tax losses and innovation income deductions for which no deferred tax asset has been 
recognized. Under current legislation, these tax attributes do not expire. 
Based on existing forecasts and applicable legislations, the majority of these tax attributes is 
expected to be utilized within the next ten years. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 242
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 243]
32.3. Temporary differences for which no deferred tax asset or deferred tax liability is 
recognized
I n  c o n t r a s t  t o  2 0 2 4 ,  a l m o s t  n o  d e f e r r e d  t a x  a s s e t s  r e l a t i n g  t o  t h e  d i v i d e n d - r e c e i v e d  d e d u c t i o n  
a n d  t h e  i n t e r e s t  d e d u c t i o n  r e m a i n  u n r e c o g n i z e d  a t  y e a r - e n d  2 0 2 5 .  D e f e r r e d  t a x  a s s e t s  
r e c o g n i z e d  a m o u n t  t o  € 1 9 3   m i l l i o n  g r o s s  /  € 4 8   m i l l i o n  n e t  f o r  t h e  d i v i d e n d - r e c e i v e d  d e d u c t i o n  
a n d  € 4 5   m i l l i o n  g r o s s  /  € 1 1   m i l l i o n  n e t  f o r  t h e  i n t e r e s t  d e d u c t i o n ,  w i t h  o n l y  v e r y  l i m i t e d  
balances remaining unrecognized.
No deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences arising on 
investments in subsidiaries, as a 100% participation exemption applies to any future equity 
distributions. 
32.4. Deferred tax directly recognized in OCI
Deferred tax on pensions  -11  0 
Deferred tax on gains financial assets at FVOCI  -1  -4 
Deferred tax on effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow 
hedges  -49  34 
Deferred tax directly recognized in OCI  -61  30 
€ million 2025 2024
33. Employee benefits
Most employees are covered by retirement benefit plans sponsored by Group companies. The 
nature of such plans varies according to the legal regulations and fiscal requirements of the 
countries in which the employees are employed. The Group operates both defined 
contribution plans and defined benefit plans.
33.1. Defined contribution plans 
Post-employment benefit plans are classified as “defined contribution” plans if the Group pays 
fixed contributions into a separate fund or to a third party financial institution and has no 
further legal or constructive obligation to pay additional contributions. Therefore no assets or 
liabilities are recognized in the Group statement of financial position in respect of such plans, 
other than regular prepayments and accruals of contributions. In several countries (including 
Belgium), UCB operates retirement plans that are structured as defined contribution 
arrangements but include statutory or contractual minimum guarantees. As the Group retains 
an obligation linked to these guarantees, these plans are treated as defined benefit plans under 
IAS 19. Where reliable estimates can be made for material plans, they are valued using the 
projected unit credit method, and the resulting valuations are aggregated with those of other 
defined benefit plans.
33.2. Defined benefit plans
The Group operates several defined benefit plans. The benefits granted include mainly pension 
benefits and jubilee premiums. The benefits are granted according to local market practice and 
regulations.
These plans are either unfunded or funded via outside pension funds or insurance companies. 
For (partially) funded plans, the assets of the plans are held separately in funds under the 
control of the trustees. Where a plan is unfunded, notably for the major defined benefit plans in 
Germany, a liability for the obligation is recorded in the Group statement of financial position. 
For funded plans, the Group is liable for the deficits between the fair value of the plan assets 
and the present value of the benefit obligations. Accordingly, a liability (or an asset when the 
plan is over-funded) is recorded in the Group consolidated statement of financial position. 
Independent actuaries assess all main plans annually.
For UCB, the main risks linked to its defined benefit obligations are discount rate, inflation and 
longevity. The majority of the risks lies within Belgium, Switzerland, Germany and the U.K. It 
should be noted that longevity is not considered as a risk for the plans in Belgium as benefits 
are either paid as a lump sum or externalized before being paid as an annuity.
As part of its global risk management, UCB carries out an annual global risk analysis for the 
defined benefit plans located in its main countries (Belgium, Switzerland, Germany and the 
U.K.) and assesses the risk of deterioration of the financial position considering the Value-at-
Risk.
• In the U.K., for the Celltech Pension and Insurance Scheme, the focus is on progressively 
de-risking the investment in order to reach self-sufficiency. To better manage discount rate 
and inflation risks, the Scheme continues to strengthen the hedging of both interest rates 
and inflation. 
• In Belgium, UCB closed all open Belgian defined benefit and cash balance plans to new 
entrants as from December 31, 2019 and introduced a new cash balance plan as of January 
1, 2020 with the legally required guaranteed return. Amid increasing regulations and 
governance requirements, our focus remains on adapting to new regulations while 
continuously monitoring and optimizing our investment strategies to safeguard long-term 
benefits for our members.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 243
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 244]
The amount recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position arising from the 
Group’s obligation in respect of its defined benefit plan is as follows: 
Present value of defined benefit obligation  1 173  1 150 
Fair value of plan assets  -1 092  -981 
Funded status – Deficit  81  169 
Effect of asset ceiling  1  1 
Net liability arising from defined benefit obligation  82  170 
Add: Liability with respect to cash settled share based payments 28  77  58 
Total employee benefit liabilities  159  228 
Of which:
Portion recognized in non-current liabilities  159  228 
Portion recognized in non-current assets  0  0 
€   m i l l i o n Note 2025 2024
90% of the net liability arising from defined benefit obligations is related to defined benefit 
pension obligations in Belgium, Germany, Switzerland and the U.K.
Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligation in the current year were as 
follows: 
At January 1  1 150  1 100 
Current service cost  61  56 
Interest expense  36  34 
Remeasurement gain(-)/loss
Effect of changes in demographic assumptions  -3  0 
Effect of changes in financial assumptions  -65  -9 
Effect of experience adjustments  34  8 
Effect of change in foreign exchange rates  -9  8 
Benefit payments from the plan  -24  -38 
Benefit payments from the employer  -6  -5 
Plan participants contributions  6  5 
Other  -7  -9 
At December 31  1 173  1 150 
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
Movements in the fair value of plan assets in the current year were as follows: 
At January 1  981  889 
Interest income  33  29 
Remeasurement gain/loss(-)
Return on plan assets (excluding interest income)  37  7 
Effect of change in foreign exchange rates  -9  7 
Plan participants contributions  6  5 
Employer contributions  82  98 
Benefit payments from the plan  -29  -43 
Expenses, taxes and premiums paid  -9  -11 
At December 31  1 092  981 
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
The fair value of plan assets amounts to € 1 092 million (2024: € 981 million), representing 
93% (2024: 85%) of the defined benefit obligation. The total deficit of € 81 million (2024: 
€ 169 million) is expected to be eliminated over the estimated remaining average service 
period of the current membership. 
The amounts recognized in the consolidated income statement and in the consolidated 
statement of comprehensive income in respect of those defined benefit plans are as follows: 
Total service cost (incl. past service cost and gain (-)/loss from 
settlements)  61  56 
Net interest cost  2  4 
Remeasurement of other long term benefits  0  0 
Administrative expenses and taxes  2  2 
Components of defined benefit costs recorded in income statement 65  62 
Remeasurements gain (-)/loss
Effect of changes in demographic assumptions  -3  0 
Effect of changes in financial assumptions  -65  -9 
Effect of experience adjustments  34  8 
Return on plan assets (excluding interest income)  -37  -7 
Changes in asset ceiling/onerous liability (excluding interest income)  0  1 
Components of defined benefit costs recorded in OCI  -71  -7 
Total components of defined benefit cost  -6  55 
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 244
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 245]
The total service cost, the net interest expense, the remeasurement of other long-term 
benefits, administrative expenses and taxes for the year are included in the employee benefit 
expenses in the consolidated income statement. 73% of the defined benefit costs recorded in 
the income statement are relating to defined benefit pension plans in Belgium and U.K. The 
remeasurement on the net defined benefit liability is included in the statement of 
comprehensive income as part of other comprehensive income. Total remeasurements 
amount to a gain of € 71 million in 2025 compared to a gain of € 7 million in 2024. The gain in 
2025 is mainly resulting from higher return on plan assets and from higher discount rates. The 
gain in 2024 is mainly resulting from higher return on plan assets and increase in discount rates.
The actual return on plan assets is €37 million (2024: €7 million) and the actual return on 
reimbursement rights is €0 million (2024: €0 million).
The split of the recognized expense by functional line is as follows: 
Cost of sales  25  20 
Marketing and selling expenses  7  6 
Research and development expenses  22  23 
General and administrative expenses  12  13 
Other income and expenses  -1  0 
Total  65  62 
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
The major categories of plan assets at the end of the reporting period, are as follows: 
Cash and cash equivalent  18  42 
Equity instruments  321  287 
Europe  89  82 
U.S.  46  63 
Rest of the World  186  142 
Debt instruments  378  313 
Corporate bonds  135  97 
Government bonds  157  180 
Other  86  36 
Properties  81  69 
Qualifying insurance policies  117  111 
Investment funds  157  141 
Other  20  18 
Total  1 092  981 
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
Virtually all equity and debt instruments have quoted prices in active markets. Properties can be 
classified as Level 3 instruments based on the definitions in IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement.
The assets held in the funds do not contain any direct investment in UCB Group shares, nor 
any property occupied by, or other assets used by the Group, though this does not exclude 
UCB shares being included in mutual investment fund type investments. The principal 
weighted average actuarial assumptions used for the purposes of the actuarial valuations were 
as follows: 
Discount rate  4.06  3.43  5.60  5.50  1.39  1.01 
Inflation  2.00  2.00  2.70  3.00 N/A N/A
Eurozone U.K. Other
Percentage % 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Significant actuarial assumptions for the determination of the defined obligation are discount 
rate and inflation. The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on reasonably 
possible changes of the assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period.
• If the discount rate would be 50 basis points higher (lower), the defined benefit obligation 
would decrease by € 67 million (increase by € 75 million) if all other assumptions were held 
constant.
• If the inflation rate would increase (decrease) by 25 basis points, the defined benefit 
obligation would increase by €21 million (decrease by €20 million) if all other assumptions 
were held constant.
The figures above do not take account of any interrelationship between the assumptions, 
especially between the discount rate, expected salary increases and inflation rates.
The Group’s subsidiaries should fund the entitlements expected to be earned on a yearly basis. 
Funding usually follows local actuarial requirements and in this framework, the discount rate is 
set on a risk-free rate.
Underfunding linked to past service are met by setting up recovery plans and investment 
strategies considering liability profiles, appropriate time periods for amortization of past service 
liability, local regulations and the affordability of the company.
The average duration of the benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period is 12.40 years 
(2024: 13.40 years). This number can be subdivided into the duration related to:
• Eurozone: 10.50 years (2024: 11.90 years);
• U.K.: 12.80 years (2024: 14.00 years);
• Other: 18.00 years (2024: 18.00 years).
The Group expects to make a contribution of €82 million to the defined benefit plans during 
the next financial year. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 245
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 246]
ALM (asset-liability management) studies are typically performed every 3 years. Within those 
studies, investment strategies are analyzed in terms of risk-and-return profiles in order to 
establish or validate a strategic investment allocation. An ALM study has been completed in 
Switzerland in 2023 which resulted in a slight adjustment of the assets portfolio.
In Belgium, an ALM study was performed in 2024 which confirmed the effectiveness of our 
assets portfolio in balancing risk and return.
In setting up the long-term investment strategy of the scheme, the investment committee 
focuses on some key principles defined by the Group such as:
• maintaining a balance between level of contributions acceptable to UCB and the level of 
investment risk relative to the liabilities;
• reducing the volatility through investment diversification;
• the degree of investment risk should depend on the financial state of the schemes and 
liability profiles; and
• ensuring compliance with local funding regulations where applicable.
34. Provisions
The movements in provisions have been disclosed below:
At January 1, 2025  22  11  366  399 
Arising during the year  2  26  202  230 
Unused amounts reversed  0  -1  -43  -44 
Transfer from one heading to another  0  0  -179  -179 
Effect of movements in exchange rates  0  0  -4  -4 
Utilized during the year  -1  -6  -29  -36 
At December 31, 2025  23  30  313  366 
Non-current portion  23  18  187  229 
Current portion  0  12  126  137 
Total provisions  23  30  313  366 
€   m i l l i o n Environment Restructuring Other Total
34.1. Environmental provisions
UCB has retained certain environmental liabilities, and is mainly related to the divestiture of 
Films (2004) divested sites on which UCB has retained full responsibility in accordance with 
contractual terms. 
34.2. Restructuring provisions
The restructuring provisions arising during 2025 are related to further optimization of business 
models. The utilization is also mainly related to new business operating models in Europe.
34.3. Other provisions
Other provisions, in line with last year, relate mainly to:
• provisions for litigations that comprise mainly provisions where UCB or a subsidiary is or 
might be a defendant against claims of previous employees;
• product liability provisions that pertain to the risks related to the normal course of business 
and for which the Group might be liable by selling these kinds of drugs. UCB is currently a 
defendant in several product liability cases in France in respect of Distilbène, a former 
product of the UCB Group. The claimants in these actions claim that their mothers took 
Distilbène during their pregnancy and that as a result of this they suffered bodily injuries (see 
Note 43.3 Contingencies). The provision in respect of Distilbène increased by € 13 million to 
a total of € 111 million (2024: € 98 million) to reflect the net estimated future cash outflows, 
which represents an increase by € 12 million in addition to the discounting impact offset by 
the payments. The impact from discounting amounts to € 3 million and is part of other 
financial expenses (see Note 17 Financial income and financial expenses). The provision was 
discounted using a discount rate ranging from 2.24% to 4.25% (2024: 2.77%). If the discount 
rate would be 25 basis points lower, the provision would increase by € 2 million, at 0% 
discount rate the provision would increase by € 39 million;
• provisions for restoration costs for leased buildings due to the adoption of IFRS 16 
(€ 6 million) (2024:  € 7 million) (see Note 40 Leases);
• provisions in respect of the recoverability of non-income tax receivables;
• resolution of contractual commitments (€ 111 million);
• ongoing claims and disputes to the extend that at balance sheet date, a present obligation 
exists and could be reliably measured.
An assessment is performed with respect to the abovementioned risks together with the Group 
legal advisers and experts in the different domains. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 246
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 247]
35. Trade and other liabilities
Non-current liabilities linked to project financing  0  0 
Other payables  92  100 
Total non-current trade and other liabilities  92  100 
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
Trade payables  817  750 
Invoices to receive  82  81 
Taxes payable, other than income tax  27  17 
Payroll and social security liabilities  459  422 
Other payables  142  145 
Deferred income linked to development agreements  7  16 
Other deferred income  16  12 
Royalties payables  28  23 
Rebates/discounts and other sales allowances payable  1 901  1 235 
Accrued interest  34  46 
Other accrued expenses  438  272 
Total current trade and other liabilities  3 951  3 019 
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
The vast majority of the trade and other liabilities are classified as current and consequently the 
carrying amounts of the total trade and other liabilities is assumed to be a reasonable 
approximation of fair value.
“Rebates/discounts and other sales allowances payable” include rebates, chargebacks, 
discounts and accruals for product returns relating to products sold in the U.S. to various 
customers that are part of commercial and governmental contractual arrangements or other 
reimbursement programs, including the U.S. Medicaid Drug Rebate program, the U.S. Federal 
Medicare program and others. The sales returns and allowances are recorded in the same 
period as the underlying sales as a deduction to sales.
Per management assessment, the total accruals for these items are adequate, based upon 
currently available information and interpretation of relevant regulations.
As these deductions are based on management estimates, the actual deductions might differ 
from these estimates. Such differences could impact the accruals recognized in the statement 
of financial position in future periods and consequently the level of sales recognized in the 
income statement in future periods, as there is often a time lag of several months between the 
recording of the estimate and the final accounting of the sales deductions.
The accruals are reviewed and adjusted regularly in light of contractual and legal obligations, 
historical trends, past experience and projected market conditions.
All returns, chargebacks, rebates and discounts that are not mentioned on the invoice are 
estimated, deducted from sales and presented on the statement of financial position in the 
appropriate accrual account. The estimate for future product returns is based on several 
factors, including: historical return rates, expiration date by product, return rate by closed 
batches, actual returns processed among others, as well as any other specifically-identified 
anticipated returns due to known factors such as the loss of patent exclusivity, product recalls 
and discontinuances, or a changing competitive environment. Adjustments to these accruals 
may be required in the future based on revised estimates to our assumptions, which would 
have an impact on our consolidated results of operations. The U.S. sales return and allowance 
liability that is included as part of the rebates and discounts payable liability balance amounts to 
€ 1 597 million as  per December 31, 2025 (December 31, 2024: € 1 023 million). 
36. Income tax payables
Income tax payables include liabilities for uncertain tax positions amounting to € 117 million 
(2024: € 139 million). The balance decreased over 2025, mainly due to the reversal of several 
positions following the closure of tax audits in certain jurisdictions in which the Group 
operates. The decrease also reflects the reassessment of existing uncertain tax positions, which 
resulted in both upward and downward adjustments depending on the nature of the 
underlying exposures. Liabilities for uncertain tax positions are recorded when the Group 
considers it probable that a tax position taken is unlikely to be sustained if challenged by the tax 
authorities and after all legal remedies have been exhausted.
The income tax receivable includes assets for tax relief arising from Mutual Agreement / 
Arbitration procedures amounting to € 26 million (2024: € 23 million). These assets are 
recognized when the Group considers it probable that a Mutual Agreement / Arbitration 
procedure will result in a corresponding adjustment in one or more jurisdictions. The increase 
reflects the initiation of new cases, while the overall balance also incorporates reassessments 
based on the status and expected outcome of ongoing procedures.
The assessment of both uncertain tax positions and corresponding adjustments is performed 
using either the most likely amount method (for corporate income tax matters) or the 
expected value method (for corporate tax or transfer pricing matters), where appropriate and in 
a c c o r d a n c e  w i t h  I F R I C   2 3 .  S e e  Note 4.2.5 Tax positions for more details on the Group’s 
assessment of uncertain tax positions. On a net basis, the Group has provided for a reserve of 
€ 91 million (2024: € 116 million) to cover uncertain tax positions and continues to pursue the 
necessary procedures to secure tax relief where possible.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 247
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 248]
UCB faces tax audits in a number of countries in which the Group operates. The matters under 
review can be complex and, in some cases, may take several years to resolve. The Group 
closely monitors the liabilities recognized for uncertain tax positions recorded per end 2025, 
which reflect both the status of ongoing audits and the outcomes of recently completed ones.
37. Note to the consolidated statement of cash flows
The cash flow statement identifies operating, investing and financing activities for the period.
UCB uses the indirect method for the operating cash flows. The net profit and loss is adjusted 
for:
• the effects of non-cash transactions such as depreciation and amortization, impairment 
losses, provisions, mark-to-market, etc., and the variance in working capital;
• items of income or expense associated with investing or financing cash flows. 
Important non-cash transactions for 2025 mainly relate to tax credits (€ 120 million) for which 
the cash benefit will be received in later years.
Important non-cash transactions for 2024 mainly relate to tax credits (€ 148 million) for which 
the cash benefit will be received in later years.
Adjustment for non-cash transactions  619  590 
Depreciation and amortization 11, 22, 20  627  641 
Impairment / reversal (-) charges 11, 14  0  73 
Equity settled share based payment expense  -10  2 
Other non-cash transactions in the income statement  -120  -148 
Adjustment IFRS 9 17  -33  30 
(Un)realized exchange gain (-) / losses  -14  -43 
Change in provisions and employee benefits  154  24 
Change in inventories and bad debt provisions  15  11 
Adjustment for items to disclose separately under 
operating cash flow  263  98 
Tax charge of the period from continuing operations 18  263  98 
Adjustment for items to disclose under investing and 
financing cash flow  84  -465 
Gain (-) / loss on disposal of fixed assets  2  -596 
Interest income (-) / expenses  82  131 
Change in working capital
Inventories movement per consolidated statement of 
financial position  -188  -278 
Trade and other receivable and other assets movement 
per consolidated statement of financial position  -368  -258 
Trade and other payable movement per consolidated 
statement of financial position1  645  623 
As it appears in the consolidated statement of financial 
position and corrected by:  89  87 
Non-cash items2  104  89 
Change in inventories and bad debt provisions disclosed 
separately under operating cash flow  -15  -11 
Currency translation adjustments1  124  3 
As it appears in the consolidated cash flow statement  303  168 
€   m i l l i o n Note 2025 2024
 
1. Includes an amount of € 822 million as per December 31, 2025 for rebates and discounts linked to sales 
(December 31, 2024: € 301 million).
2. Non-cash items are mainly linked to transfers from one heading to another, non-cash movements linked to 
stock rewards.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 248
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 249]
38. Financial instruments by category
Assets as per statement of financial position
Financial assets and other assets (excluding derivative financial instruments and associates) 23  174  0  0  277  451 
Derivative financial assets 39  0  28  97  0  125 
Trade and other receivables (including prepaid expenses) 25  1 861  0  0  0  1 861 
Cash and cash equivalents 26  2 251  0  0  0  2 251 
Total  4 286  28  97  277  4 688 
December 31, 2025
€   m i l l i o n Note
Assets at 
amortized cost
Assets at fair 
value through 
the profit and 
loss (FVPL)
Assets used for 
hedging
Assets at fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income (FVOCI) Total
Liabilities as per statement of financial position
Borrowings 29  0  0  816  816 
Bonds 30  -16  0  1 445  1 429 
Derivative financial liabilities 39  35  80  0  115 
Trade and other liabilities 35  0  0  4 043  4 043 
Other financial liabilities (excluding derivative financial instruments) 31  0  0  0  0 
Total  19  80  6 304  6 403 
December 31, 2025
€   m i l l i o n Note
Liabilities at fair 
value through 
the profit and 
loss (FVPL)
Liabilities used 
for hedging
Liabilities at 
amortized cost Total
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 249
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 250]
Assets as per statement of financial position
Financial assets and other assets (excluding derivative financial instruments and associates) 23  147  0  0  243  390 
Derivative financial assets 39  0  32  119  0  151 
Trade and other receivables (including prepaid expenses) 25  1 526  0  0  0  1 526 
Cash and cash equivalents 26  1 573  0  0  0  1 573 
Total  3 246  32  119  243  3 640 
December 31, 2024
€   m i l l i o n Note
Assets at 
amortized cost
Assets at fair 
value through 
the profit and 
loss (FVPL)
Assets used for 
hedging
Assets at fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income (FVOCI) Total
Liabilities as per statement of financial position
Borrowings 29  0  0  1 602  1 602 
Bonds 30  -19  0  1 443  1 424 
Derivative financial liabilities 39  77  116  0  193 
Trade and other liabilities 35  0  0  3 120  3 120 
Other financial liabilities (excluding derivative financial instruments) 31  0  0  0  0 
Total  58  116  6 165  6 339 
December 31, 2024
€   m i l l i o n Note
Liabilities at fair 
value through 
the profit and 
loss (FVPL)
Liabilities used 
for hedging
Liabilities at 
amortized cost Total
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 250
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 251]
39. Derivative financial instruments
€   m i l l i o n Note 2025 2024 2025 2024
Forward foreign exchange contracts 
– cash flow hedges  90  11  5  107 
Forward foreign exchange contracts 
– fair value through profit and loss  11  3  4  14 
Forward foreign exchange contracts 
– net investment hedges  7  95  72  7 
Interest rate derivatives – cash flow 
hedges  0  13  3  2 
Interest rate derivatives – fair value 
through profit and loss  14  24  31  63 
Other financial derivatives  3  5  0  0 
Total  125  151  115  193 
Of which:
    Non-current 23, 31  18  41  32  65 
    Current 23, 31  107  110  83  128 
Assets Liabilities
The full fair value of a hedging derivative is classified as a noncurrent asset or liability if its 
remaining maturity is more than 12 months, and as a current asset or liability if its maturity is 
less than 12 months.
The cash flow hedges entered into by the Group were assessed to be highly effective and as 
per December 31, 2025, a net unrealized gain of € 108 million (as per December 31, 2024: net 
unrealized loss of € 77 million) before deferred taxes was included in equity in respect of these 
contracts. These gains/losses will be recycled to the profit or loss in the period during which 
the hedged forecast transactions affect the profit or loss.
The cash flow hedges that were de-designated in 2024 (leading to € 1 million gain in profit and 
loss in 2024) but remained outstanding as at December 31, 2024 matured and have been 
settled in 2025.
39.1. Foreign currency derivatives
The Group policy with respect to the use of financial derivative contracts is described in Note 5 
Financial risk management.
The Group entered into several foreign exchange contracts with the aim of preserving the 
value of highly probable anticipated transactions, existing assets and liabilities or certain 
investments in foreign operations.
The following table shows the split of foreign currency derivatives by currency of 
denomination (currencies sold view) as at December 31, 2025:
Forward contracts  829  162  124  5  6  15  1 141 
Currency swaps  2 788  35  2 425  241  41  259  5 789 
Option/collar  0  0  0  0  0  0  0 
Total  3 617  197  2 549  246  47  274  6 930 
Notional amounts in 
€   m i l l i o n USD GBP EUR JPY CHF
Other 
currencies Total
On the same basis of sold currency, the fair values of the foreign currency derivative contracts 
are as follows:
Assets Liabilities
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024 2025 2024
USD  79  0  7  123 
GBP  0  0  0  0 
EUR  4  102  72  2 
JPY  21  6  0  1 
CHF  0  0  0  0 
Other currencies  3  2  2  3 
Total foreign currency derivatives  107  110  81  129 
The net foreign currency derivatives maturity analysis is noted below:
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
1 year or less  26  -19 
1-5 years  0  0 
Beyond 5 years  0  0 
Total foreign currency derivatives – net asset/net liability (-)  26  -19 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 251
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 252]
39.2. Interest rate derivatives
The Group uses various interest rate derivative contracts to manage its exposure to interest rate movements on its borrowings. The re-pricing dates and amortization characteristics are aligned 
with those of the fixed rate bonds and floating rate notes. The outstanding interest rate swaps (“IRS”) contracts are as follows:
EIS April 1, 2021 October 1, 2027 EUR 150  -0.25 % EUR 150
EURIBOR 
6M
EIS March 30, 2021 March 30, 2028 EUR 500  -0.22 % EUR 500
EURIBOR 
6M
EIS November 21, 2023 November 21, 2029 EUR 300  3.02 % EUR 300
EURIBOR 
3M
EIS March 20, 2024 March 20, 2030 EUR 500  2.58 % EUR 500
EURIBOR 
3M
EIS December 8, 2023 December 8, 2026 USD 375 SOFR USD 375  4.22 %
EIS December 8, 2026 June 8, 2028 USD 375 SOFR USD 375  3.43 %
Contract Type For periods from/to
Receivable 
Currency
Receivable 
Notional
Receivable 
Rate
Payable 
Currency
Payable 
Notional Payable Rate
39.3. Hedge of net investment in a foreign entity
Any cumulative foreign exchange gains or losses resulting from net investment hedges are 
taken up under Cumulative Translation Adjustments. These gains and losses will remain in 
equity and will only be recycled to profit or loss when the Group no longer holds the 
underlying assets.
39.4. Virtual Power Purchase Agreements
In July 2024, the Group entered into three renewable energy Virtual Power Purchase 
Agreements (VPPAs) supporting solar power generation facilities located in Spain.
The fair value of the VPPA contract is determined using the discounted cash flows method, 
after identification of the value of the embedded Guarantees of Origins (GoOs). Changes of fair 
value compared to the initial valorization of the contracts is recognized under financial income 
and expenses, together with the amortization of the initial valorization when relevant.
As of December 31, 2025, the VPPA contracts were valued for € 3 million leading to a loss of 
€ 2 million in 2025 and € 1 million over the initial valuation. The initial valuation will be 
amortized as from the start of the production.
40. Leases
40.1. Amounts recognized in the statement of financial position
The statement of financial position shows the following amounts relating to leases:
Buildings 22  96  121 
Plant and machinery 22  15  16 
Office equipment and vehicles 22  80  82 
Total right-of-use assets  191  219 
Non-current 29  119  145 
Current 29  63  61 
Total lease liabilities  182  206 
€   m i l l i o n Note 2025 2024
Additions to the right-of-use assets during the 2025 financial year were €49 million. 
As per December 31, 2025, no residual value guarantees are included in the lease liabilities. 
As per December 31, 2025, lease commitments for leases not yet commenced amounted to 
€ 14 million.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 252
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 253]
40.2. Amounts recognized in the income statement
The income statement shows the following amounts relating to leases:
Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets 22  64  58 
Buildings 22  28  29 
Plant and machinery 22  1  1 
Office equipment and vehicles 22  35  28 
Interest expense (included in Financial expenses) 17  9  8 
Expense relating to short-term leases  3  2 
Expense relating to leases of low-value assets that are not 
short-term leases  12  11 
Total expense related to leases  88  79 
€   m i l l i o n Note 2025 2024
The total cash outflow for leases in 2025 was € 60 million. In 2025 there was no material 
income from subleasing. 
41. Earnings per share 
41.1. Basic earnings per share
From continuing operations  8.20  5.61 
From discontinued operations  0.00  0.00 
Basic earnings per share  8.20  5.61 
€ 2025 2024
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to shareholders of the 
Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year, 
excluding ordinary shares purchased by the Company and held as treasury shares.
41.2. Diluted earnings per share
From continuing operations  8.03  5.48 
From discontinued operations  0.00  0.00 
Diluted earnings per share  8.03  5.48 
€ 2025 2024
Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to shareholders of the 
Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year, 
excluding ordinary shares purchased by the Company and held as treasury shares, adjusted by 
the number of dilutive potential ordinary shares attached to the issuance of stock options, 
stock awards and performance shares.
The number of dilutive potential ordinary shares is calculated based on the average number of 
stock options outstanding during the reporting period as the difference between the average 
market price of ordinary shares during the reporting  period and the weighted average exercise 
price of the stock options and on the average number of stock awards and performance 
shares outstanding during the reporting period. Stock options only have a dilutive effect when 
the average market price is above the exercise price (stock options are “in the money”).
For the purpose of calculating dilutive earnings per share, there were no adjusting elements to 
the profit attributable to shareholders of the Company.
41.3. Earnings
The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity 
holders of the parent is based on the following data:
€ million 2025 2024
Profit/loss (-) from continuing operations attributable to shareholders 
of UCB SA  1 558  1 065 
Profit/loss (-) from discontinued operations  0  0 
Profit attributable to shareholders of UCB SA  1 558  1 065 
Diluted
€ million 2025 2024
Profit/loss (-) from continuing operations attributable to shareholders 
of UCB SA  1 558  1 065 
Profit/loss (-) from discontinued operations  0  0 
Profit attributable to shareholders of UCB SA  1 558  1 065 
Basic
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 253
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 254]
41.4. Number of shares
Weighted average number of ordinary shares for basic earnings per 
share 190 119 189 986
Weighted average number of ordinary shares for diluted earnings per 
share 194 183 194 547
In thousands of shares 2025 2024
42. Dividend per share
The gross dividends paid in 2025 (in respect of the year ended December 31, 2024) and 2024 
(in respect of the year ended December 31, 2023) were € 264 million (€ 1.39  per share) and 
€ 259 million (€ 1.36 per share) respectively.
A dividend in respect of the year ended December 31, 2025 of € 1.45 per share, amounting to 
a total dividend of € 276 million, is to be proposed at the annual general meeting of the 
shareholders on April 30, 2026.
In accordance with IAS 10, events after the reporting period, the proposed dividend has not 
been recognized as a liability at year-end.
43. Commitments and contingencies
43.1. Capital and other commitments
At December 31, 2025, the Group has committed to spend € 362 million (2024: € 181 million) 
mainly with respect to expected capital expenditures for the renewal of research facilities, new 
Gene-Therapy plant and Belgian Biotech Operations Center (BBOC) in Braine-l'Alleud campus 
(Belgium), new campus site in the U.K., internal capacity increase at the Bulle manufacturing 
site (Switzerland), software, lab and other equipment.
UCB Group has entered into long-term development agreements with various pharmaceutical 
enterprises, universities and financial investors. Such collaboration agreements may include 
milestone payments which are dependent on successful clinical development or on meeting 
specified sales targets. On December 31, 2025, the maximum amount that would be paid out if 
all future milestones are achieved but excluding variable royalty payments based on unit sales 
and amounts accrued for milestones already achieved but not yet due, amounted to 
€ 1 192 million on an undiscounted and non-risk adjusted basis. 
Less than 1 year  0  172 
Between 1 and 5 years  329  326 
More than 5 years  862  761 
Total  1 192  1 259 
€ million 2025 2024
UCB has concluded several agreements with Contract Manufacturing Organizations for the 
supply of its products. Total outstanding commitments towards these CMOs amount to 
€ 1 681 million as per end of 2025 until 2035 (2024: € 1 442 million until 2034). Additionally, 
UCB has an outstanding commitment for production capacity reservation of € 9 million as per 
end of 2025.
As part of UCB’s innovation strategy, UCB has established a corporate venture fund, UCB 
Ventures. The main objectives of the fund are to add breadth to UCB’s innovation ecosystem, 
to create a window on new technologies, products, platforms and channels to augment or 
complement UCB’s existing activities, to develop network and strategic relationships in the 
venture capital investor community and to identify opportunities that UCB might not otherwise 
see. Within this framework UCB has outstanding commitments at the end of 2025 for a total 
amount of € 32 million relating to venture capital investments.
43.2. Guarantees
Guarantees arising in the normal course of business are not expected to result in any material 
financial loss.
43.3. Contingencies
The Group continues to be actively involved in litigation, claims and investigations. The 
ongoing matters could result in liabilities, civil and criminal penalties, loss of product exclusivity 
and other costs, fines and expenses associated with findings adverse to UCB’s interests. 
Potential cash outflows reflected in a provision might be fully or partially off-set by insurance in 
certain circumstances. UCB has not established provisions for potential damage awards for 
certain additional legal claims against our subsidiaries if UCB currently believes that a payment 
is either not probable or cannot be reliably estimated.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 254
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 255]
1. Intellectual property matters (selected matters) 
We vigorously protect our patent portfolio and our ability to bring medicines to patients as we 
deem necessary.
Consequently, UCB is involved in various litigation matters as a plaintiff and defendant, as the 
case may be, in various jurisdictions in the U.S. and Europe.
NEUPRO®
United States
In response to a Paragraph IV certification, in December 2024, UCB filed a lawsuit against 
Aurobindo to enforce a U.S. patent expiring in late 2027, which covers an aspect of NEUPRO®. 
Due to the statutory 30-month stay prior to FDA approval, Aurobindo would not have been in a 
position to launch a generic version prior to August 2027. We resolved this dispute with 
Aurobindo on favorable terms.
Europe
NAYZILAM®
United States
In 2021, Cipla filed an ANDA challenging the validity of certain NAYZILAM® patents. UCB filed a 
lawsuit against Cipla. Cipla stipulated to infringement. The trial took place in October 2023 and 
we are awaiting the court's decision.
EVENITY®
Germany
In 2023, OssiFi-Mab LLC (“OMAB”) sued UCB Pharma SA, UCB Pharma GmbH and Amgen in 
Germany alleging EVENITY® infringes the German part of a European patent. In defense UCB 
Pharma SA and UCB Pharma SA jointly as well as Amgen filed oppositions with the European 
Patent Office (EPO) to invalidate OMAB’s patent. In addition, UCB Pharma B.V. filed an action in 
The Netherlands to invalidate the Dutch part of OMAB’s patent. In October 2024, the 
Opposition Division of the EPO ruled in UCB’s favor and revoked OMAB’s patent in its entirety. 
Thereafter, OMAB withdrew its infringement claim in Germany. In September 2025, the EPO's 
Board of Appeal rejected OMAB's appeal and revoked OMAB's patent, ending this matter.
FINTEPLA®
Italy/Europe
In 2025, Frau Pharma sued UCB (as Zogenix’s successor) in Italy for alleged infringement of 
Frau’s pending European manufacturing patent related to Fintepla. The court ordered UCB to 
provide certain commercial data to Frau, which UCB has complied with, but UCB has also 
appealed. In a related matter, UCB sued Frau to dispute Frau's ownership of it's pending 
European patent and the EPO stayed grant of the patent pending the outcome of the 
ownership proceedings. The Italian court ruled in Frau's favor and the EPO may issue the 
patent, which UCB believes is invalid and will oppose.
2. Product liability matters
Distilbène product liability litigation – France 
Entities of the UCB Group have been named as defendants in several product liability cases in 
France. The claimants in these actions claim their mothers took Distilbène, a former product of 
the UCB Group, during their pregnancy, and as a result they suffered bodily injuries. The Group 
has accounted for a provision (refer to Note 34 Provisions in this 2025 Annual Report).
3. General Litigation
340B Drug Pricing Program
In December 2021 (updated in 2024), UCB implemented a 340B policy, which puts limits on 
certain covered entities’ use of contract pharmacies while ensuring vulnerable and 
underserved patient populations still have access to UCB medicines.
In September 2022, UCB sued the federal agency that administers 340B, the Health Resources 
and Services Administration (HRSA), in response to HRSA’s letter claiming UCB’s 340B policy 
violated the statute. In September 2024, the Court ruled that UCB’s 340B policy does not 
violate the statute.
In December 2024, UCB sued HRSA to challenge HRSA’s certification (and recertification) of 
covered entity status of eight Sagebrush subdivisions. These Sagebrush subdivisions were 
improperly certified by HRSA as 340B-eligible clinics, which allowed them to obtain significant 
price reductions on UCB’s product. Amgen and Eli Lilly are co-plaintiffs in the case.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 255
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 256]
44. Related party transactions
44.1. Intra-group sales and services
During the financial years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, all intra-UCB Group 
transactions were carried out based on assessments of mutual economic benefit to the parties 
involved, and the applicable conditions were established in accordance with criteria of at arm’s 
length negotiations and fair dealing, and with a view to creating value for the entire UCB 
Group. Conditions governing intra-UCB Group transactions were similar to conditions 
governing third-party transactions.
With regard to the sale of intermediary and finished products, these criteria were in most cases 
achieved by increasing each party’s respective production cost by an at arm’s length profit 
margin. With regard to intra-UCB Group services rendered, these criteria are accompanied by 
the principle of charging fees sufficient to cover each party’s respective incurred costs and an 
at arm’s length mark-up. Intra-Group transactions carried out within the UCB Group constitute 
standard transactions for a biopharmaceutical Group. These transactions include the purchase 
and sale of intermediary and finished medical products, deposits and loans for UCB Group 
affiliates as well as functions and activities carried out by the UCB Group in order to optimize 
operations. 
44.2. Financial transactions with related parties other than UCB SA affiliates
During 2025 there have been no material financial transactions with related parties other than 
affiliates of UCB. 
44.3. Key management compensation
Key management compensation as disclosed below comprises compensation recognized in 
the income statement for members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee, 
for the portion of the year where they exercised their mandate.
Short-term employee benefits  22  19 
Termination benefits  1  0 
Post-employment benefits  3  2 
Share-based payments  15  12 
Total key management compensation  41  33 
2025 2024
Short-term employee benefits include salaries (including social security contributions), bonuses 
earned during the year, car leasing and other allowances where applicable. Share-based 
compensation includes the amortization over the vesting period of the fair value of equity 
instruments granted, and comprises share options, share awards and performance shares 
further explained in Note 28 Share-based payments. There have been no loans granted by the 
Company or a subsidiary of the Group to any Director or officer of the Group, nor any 
guarantees given with respect hereto. 
44.4. Shareholders and shareholders structure
The main shareholder of UCB is Financière de Tubize SA (also referred to herein as the 
“Reference Shareholder” or “Tubize”); a Belgian company listed on Euronext Brussels. Based on 
its most recent public disclosure, at July 31, 2025, Tubize was holding 70 562 935 UCB shares 
on a total number of 194 505 658 (i.e., 36.28%). For its shareholder structure, we refer to the 
website of Financière de Tubize SA: www.financiere-tubize.be. UCB also holds UCB shares. 
The remaining UCB shares are held by the public. For an overview of the large shareholdings 
of UCB (including assimilated financial instruments) on the basis of the transparency 
notifications received pursuant to the law of May 2, 2007, on the disclosure of large 
shareholdings, we refer to 3.3.4 Shareholder structure under Corporate Governance section of 
this 2025 Integrated Annual Report.
45. Events after the statement of financial position date
No material events occurred after the end of the reporting period which could have an impact 
on UCB’s consolidated financial statements.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 256
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 257]
46. UCB Companies (fully consolidated) 
Australia
Australia UCB Australia Pty. Ltd. - Level 1, 1155 Malvern Road - 3144 Malvern, Victoria  100% UCB SA
Engage Therapeutics Australia Pty. Ltd., Level 1, 1155 Malvern Road - 3144 Malvern, Victoria Austria  100% Engage Therapeutics, Inc.
Austria
UCB Pharma Gesellschaft m.b.H. - Twin Tower, Wienerbergstrasse 11/12a - 1100 Wien  100% UCB Pharma SA
Belgium
UCB Fipar SA - Allée de la Recherche, 60 - 1070 Brussels (BE 0403.198.811)  100% UCB Belgium SA
UCB Biopharma SRL - Allée de la Recherche, 60 - 1070 Brussels (BE 0543.573. 053)  100% UCB Pharma SA
UCB Belgium SA - Allée de la Recherche, 60 - 1070 Brussels (BE 0402. 040.254)  100% UCB Pharma SA
UCB Developed Brands SRL1 - Allée de la Recherche, 60 - 1070 Brussels (BE 1017.533.562)  100% UCB Manufacturing, Inc.
UCB Pharma SA - Allée de la Recherche, 60 - 1070 Brussels (BE 0403. 096.168)  100% UCB SA
Sifar SA2 - Allée de la Recherche, 60 - 1070 Brussels (BE 0453. 612.580)  100% UCB Pharma SA
UCB Ventures SA - Allée de la Recherche, 60 - 1070 Brussels (BE 0667.816. 096)  100% UCB SA
UCB Ventures Belgium SA - Allée de la Recherche, 60 - 1070 Brussels (BE 0668.388.891)  100% UCB Ventures SA
Brazil
UCB Biopharma Ltda - Av. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, nº 1327, 5° andar, Condominio Edificio Intemacional Plaza II - CEP: 04543 - 011 São Paulo  100% UCB SA
Bulgaria
UCB Bulgaria EOOD - 2B Srebarna street, fl. 9, office 8B, Lozenetz, Sofia 1407  100% UCB SA
Canada
UCB Canada Inc. - 2201 Bristol Circle, Suite 602 - ON L6H0J8 Oakville  100% UCB Holdings, Inc.
China
UCB Trading (Shanghai) Co Ltd - Suite 317, 439 No.1 Fu Te Road West, Shanghai (Pilot Free Trade Zone)  100% UCB SA
UCB Pharma (Hong Kong) Ltd - Rooms 156 and 157, 20/F, Cityplaza Three, 14 Taikoo Wan Road - Tai Koo, Hong Kong  100% UCB Pharma GmbH
UCB Pharma (Zhuhai) Company Ltd3 - Section A., Workshop, No.3 Science and Technology 05th Road, Innovation Coast, National Hi-Tech Industrial 
Development Zone - Zhuhai Guangdong Province  100% UCB Pharma GmbH
Czech Republic
UCB S.R.O. - Jankovcova 1518/2 - 170 00 Praha 7  100% UCB SA
Denmark
UCB Nordic AS - Edvard Thomsens Vej 14, 7 - 2300 Copenhagen  100% UCB Pharma SA
Finland
Finland UCB Pharma Oy Finland - Bertel Jungin aukio 5, 6.krs - 02600 Espoo  100% UCB Pharma SA
Name and office Holding Majority controlling shareholder
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 257
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 258]
France
UCB Pharma SAS - Tour Emblem 7 Allée de l'Arche, 92400 Courbevoie  100% UCB SA
Germany
UCB Pharma GmbH - Rolf-Schwarz-Schütte Platz 1 - 40789 Monheim am Rhein  100% UCB GmbH
UCB GmbH - Rolf-Schwarz-Schütte Platz 1 - 40789 Monheim am Rhein  100% UCB Pharma SA
UCB BioSciences GmbH - Rolf-Schwarz-Schütte Platz 1 - 40789 Monheim am Rhein  100% UCB Pharma GmbH
Cosmix Verwaltungs GmbH2 - Rolf-Schwarz-Schütte Platz 1 - 40789 Monheim am Rhein  100% Ra Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Greece
UCB A.E. - 63 Agiou Dimitriou Street - 17456 Alimos - Athens  100% UCB SA
Hungary
UCB Hungary Ltd - Obuda Gate Building Arpád Fejedelem ùtja 26 - 28 - 1023 Budapest  100% UCB SA
India
UCB India Private Ltd - Building No. - P3, Unit No. - 103, 1st Floor, Prithvi Complex, Kalher Pipe Line, Kalher, Bhiwandi, Thane - 421302 Maharashtra  100% UCB SA
Ireland
UCB (Pharma) Ireland Ltd - United Drug House Magna Drive, Magna Business Park, City West Road - Dublin 24  100% UCB SA
UCB Manufacturing Ireland Ltd - United Drug House Magna Drive, Magna Business Park, City West Road - Dublin 24  100% UCB SA
Zogenix ROI Limited4 - Trinity House, Charleston Road - Ranelagh, Dublin 6, D06 C8X4  100% Zogenix International Limited
Italy
UCB Pharma SpA - Via Varesina 162 - 20156 Milano  100% UCB SA
Zogenix S.r.l.2- Via Varesina 162 - 20156 Milano  100% Zogenix International Limited
Japan
UCB Japan Co Ltd - Shinjuku Grand Tower, 8-17-1 Nishi-Shinjuku 160-0023 Shinjuku, Tokyo  100% UCB SA
Mexico
UCB de Mexico SA de C. V. - Av. Ejército Nacional 843-B Antara I Piso 3, Col Granada. Delg. Miguel Hidalgo C.P. 11520 CDMX, C.P. 11520 Mexico City  100% UCB SA
Netherlands
UCB Pharma B. V. (Netherlands) - Hoge Mosten 2 - 4822 NH Breda  100% UCB Pharma SA
Name and office Holding Majority controlling shareholder
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 258
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 259]
Norway
UCB Pharma A.S. - Haakon VIIs gate 6 - 0161 Oslo  100% UCB Pharma SA
Poland
Vedim Sp. z.o.o. - Ul. L. Kruczkowskiego, 8, 00 - 380 Warszawa  100% UCB SA
UCB Pharma Sp. z.o.o. - Ul. L. Kruczkowskiego, 8, 00 - 380 Warszawa  100% UCB SA
Portugal
UCB Pharma (Produtos Farmaceuticos) Lda - Rua do Silval, nº 37, piso 1, S1.3, 2780-373 Oeiras  100% UCB SA
Romania
UCB Pharma Romania S.R.L. - 165 Calea Floreasca, One Tower Building, 3rd Floor, 1st district - Bucharest 14459  100% UCB SA
Russia
UCB Pharma LLC - 16 Mitinskaya Street, Premises 509B , 125430, Moscow  100% UCB SA
UCB Pharma Logistics LLC - Prensky Naberezhnye, 10, block C, 13th floor , 123112 Moscow  100% UCB SA
South Korea
UCB Korea Co Ltd. - 4th Fl., A+ Asset Tower, 369 Gangnam-daero, Seocho-gu - 06621 Seoul  100% UCB SA
Spain
UCB Pharma SA - Plaza de Manuel Gómez Moreno, s/n, Edificio Bronce, 5th floor - 28020 Madrid  100% UCB SA
Sweden
UCB Pharma AB (Sweden) - Olof Palmes gata 29, 111 22 Stockholm  100% UCB Pharma SA
Switzerland
UCB Farchim SA (A.G.- Ltd.) - ZI de Planchy, Chemin de Croix Blanche 10 - 1630 Bulle  100% UCB Pharma SA
Doutors Réassurance SA - ZI de Planchy, Chemin de Croix Blanche 10 - 1630 Bulle  100% UCB Farchim SA
UCB-Pharma AG - ZI de Planchy, Chemin de Croix Blanche 10 - 1630 Bulle  100% UCB Farchim SA
UCB Medical Devices SA - ZI de Planchy, Chemin de Croix Blanche 10 - 1630 Bulle  100% UCB Farchim SA
Taiwan
UCB Pharmaceuticals (Taiwan) Ltd - 12F.-2, No.88, Dunhua N. Rd., Songshan Dist - 10551 Taipei  100% UCB SA
Turkey
UCB Pharma A.S. - Palladium Tower, Barbaros Mah., Kardelen Sok. No.2, Kat.24/80 -34746 Istanbul  100% UCB SA
U.K.
UCB (Investments) Ltd - 208 Bath Road, Slough, Berkshire SL1 3WE  100% UCB SA
Celltech Group Ltd - 208 Bath Road, Slough, Berkshire SL1 3WE  100% UCB (Investments) Ltd
Celltech Pension Trustees Ltd - 208 Bath Road, Slough, Berkshire SL1 3WE  100% Celltech Group Ltd
Celltech R&D Ltd - 208 Bath Road, Slough, Berkshire SL1 3WE  100% Celltech Group Ltd
Darwin Discovery Ltd2 - 208 Bath Road, Slough, Berkshire SL1 3WE  100% Celltech Group Ltd
UCB Pharma Ltd - 208 Bath Road, Slough, Berkshire SL1 3WE  100% Celltech Group Ltd
Zogenix Europe Limited - 208 Bath Road, Slough, Berkshire SL1 3WE  100% UCB Biosciences, Inc.
Zogenix International Limited - Windlesham Campus, Sunninghill Road, Windlesham, Surrey GU20 6PP  100% Zogenix Europe Limited
Name and office Holding Majority controlling shareholder
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 259
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 260]
Ukraine
UCB Ukraine LLC - 19 Grygoriya Skovorody Str., Business - center ”Podol Plaza” - 04070 Kiyv  100% UCB Pharma GmbH
U.S.
UCB Holdings, Inc. - Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street - 19801 Wilmington, Delaware  100% UCB Pharma SA
UCB, Inc. - Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street - 19801 Wilmington, Delaware  100% UCB Holdings, Inc.
UCB Biosciences, Inc. - Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street - 19801 Wilmington, Delaware  100% UCB, Inc.
UCB Manufacturing, Inc. - Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street - 19801 Wilmington, Delaware  100% UCB, Inc.
Ra Pharmaceuticals, Inc.5 - Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street - 19801 Wilmington, Delaware  100% UCB Holdings, Inc.
Engage Therapeutics, Inc. - Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street - 19801 Wilmington, Delaware  100% UCB Holdings, Inc.
Zogenix, Inc.5 - Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street - 19801 Wilmington, Delaware  100% UCB Biosciences, Inc.
Name and office Holding Majority controlling shareholder
1. UCB Developed Brands SRL has been incorporated on December 13, 2024 and had a first extended financial exercise until  December 31, 2025 and is included in the Consolidated Income Statement for 2024 and  2025 since the 
incorporation.
2. Darwin Discovery Ltd Ltd (UK), Sifar SA (BE), Zogenix S.r.l.. (Italy) and  Cosmix Verwaltungs GmbH (Germany) have been respectively dissolved on January 2, December 19, February 7, 2025 and March 21, 2025 are included in the 
Consolidated Income Statement for 2024 and 2025 respectively until the dissolution.
3. UCB Pharma (Zhuhai) Company Ltd has been divested on November 29, 2024 and is included in Consolidated Income Statement for 2024 until the divestment took place.
4. Zogenix ROI Limited (Ireland) have been put in liquidation respectively effective as from October 31, 2024.
5. Zogenix, Inc. and Ra Pharmaceuticals, Inc. have been merged respectively with UCB BioSciences, Inc. on April 1,2024 and UCB Holdings, Inc.. on January 1, 2025 and are included in the Consolidated Income Statement for 2024 and 
2025 until the merger took place.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 260
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

[page 261]
4. Responsibility statement
We hereby confirm that, to the best of our knowledge, the consolidated financial statements as 
of December 31, 2025, prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
standards (IFRS), as adopted by the European Union, and with the legal requirements 
applicable in Belgium, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and 
profit or loss of the company and the undertakings included in the consolidation as a whole, 
and that the management report includes a fair review of the development and performance 
of the business and the position of the company and the undertakings included in the 
consolidation taken as a whole, together with a description of the principal risks and 
uncertainties that they face. 
Signed by Jean-Christophe Tellier (CEO) and Sandrine Dufour (CFO) on behalf of the 
Board of Directors
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 261


[page 262]
5. Statutory auditor’s report
Exercise 31.12.2025
Statutory auditor’s report to the general shareholders’ meeting of UCB SA/NV on the 
consolidated accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025. 
We present to you our statutory auditor’s report in the context of our statutory audit of the 
consolidated accounts of UCB SA (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (jointly “the Group”). This 
report includes our report on the consolidated accounts, as well as the report on other legal 
and regulatory requirements. These reports form part of an integrated whole and are indivisible.
We have been appointed as statutory auditor by the general meeting of 25 April 2024, 
following the proposal formulated by the board of directors and following the 
recommendation by the audit committee and the proposal formulated by the works’ council. 
Our mandate will expire on the date of the general meeting which will deliberate on the 
consolidated accounts prepared on 31 December 2026. We have performed the statutory 
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Company for five consecutive years.
Report on the consolidated accounts
Unqualified opinion
We have performed the statutory audit of the Group’s consolidated accounts, which comprise 
the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025, the consolidated 
income statement, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated 
statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then 
ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant 
accounting policies and other explanatory information, and which is characterized by a 
consolidated statement of financial position total of EUR 18.158 million and a profit for the year 
(attributable to equity holders) of EUR 1.558 million.
In our opinion, the consolidated accounts give a true and fair view of the Group’s net equity 
and consolidated financial position as at 31 December 2025 and of its consolidated financial 
performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended, in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as adopted by the European Union and with 
the legal and regulatory requirements applicable in Belgium.
Basis for unqualified opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs) as 
applicable in Belgium. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the 
“Statutory auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated accounts” section of our 
report. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities in accordance with the ethical requirements 
that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated accounts in Belgium, including the 
requirements related to independence.
We have obtained from the board of directors and Company officials the explanations and 
information necessary for performing our audit.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a 
basis for our opinion.
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most 
significance in our audit of the consolidated accounts of the current period. These matters 
were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated accounts as a whole, and in 
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Significant judgements and estimates in sales rebates, discounts and returns 
adjustments recognised in the US (refer to Notes 3.7.1 Net sales, 4.2.1 Sales 
allowances and 35 Trade and other liabilities).
Description of the Key Audit Matter
In the US, the UCB Group sells products to various customers that are part of commercial and 
governmental contractual arrangements or other reimbursement programmes (Medicaid, 
Medicare or equivalent scheme). This process leads to significant adjustments to the gross 
sales in the form of rebates, chargebacks, discounts and product returns. We identified this 
matter as a key audit matter because significant amounts of these unsettled adjustments are 
recorded as accruals in the balance sheet at year-end. The process for determining these 
accruals is complex and depends on contract terms and regulation, as well as forecasts of 
sales volumes by channel and estimates on expected returns of products. As disclosed in Note 
35 Trade and other liabilities, the amount of the accruals at 31 December 2025 is  EUR 1.597 
million (EUR 1.023 million as per 31 December 2024).
How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
Our testing focused on the accruals for sales rebates, chargebacks, discounts and product 
returns recognised at the year-end as the process for these accruals involves the use of large 
volumes of data, regarding sales volumes and discounts from multiple sources, which, taken 
together, require  significant management judgement in a complex US healthcare 
environment.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 262


[page 263]
We obtained management’s calculations of the accruals for sales rebates, chargebacks, 
discounts and product returns and tested the inputs into the accrual calculations. We 
performed the following procedures:
• We assessed the completeness and accuracy of the accruals by understanding and testing 
the process management used to calculate and record the year-end balances.
• We tested the mathematical accuracy of the year-end balances and compared such 
amounts to our own independently developed expectations (substantive analytics). Our 
independent expectations were developed based on sales figures, historical rebate invoices 
received, adjusted for current volumes, rebate rates as included in sales contracts and 
agreements with third parties and adjusted for any Company or industry specific factors.
• We assessed the key judgements and assumptions within management's analysis and we 
considered other known factors such as generic entrants and government, legal or 
regulatory information, as applicable. We assessed the assumptions used to determine the 
standard lag times for commercial rebates, Medicare rebates, Medicaid rebates, cash 
discounts, chargebacks and returns.
• We examined third party statements and external data, we sampled rebate and chargeback 
invoices processed subsequently to year end and we assessed management’s estimates of 
channel inventory.
• We benchmarked with peers (listed and non-listed).
• We performed back-testing that compared accruals recognised in previous periods to actual 
rebates, chargebacks, discounts or returns received in order to test management’s historical 
accuracy in calculating these accruals. 
In determining the appropriateness of the revenue recognition policy in accordance with IFRS 
15 applied by management in calculating sales rebates, chargebacks, discounts and product 
returns under contractual and regulatory requirements, there is room for judgement. We did 
not identify any  material differences between our independent expectations and the accruals 
and we found the judgements made by management to be reasonable. Also, the policies 
applied are consistent in all material respects with IFRSs as adopted by the European Union.
Carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets 
Refer to Notes 3.10 Impairment of non-financial assets, 3.15 Intangible assets, 3.16 Goodwill, 
4.2.2 Intangible assets and goodwill, 14 Impairment of non-financial assets, 20 Intangible assets 
& 21 Goodwill
Description of the Key Audit Matter
The UCB Group has EUR 3.447 million of intangible assets (31 December 2024 – EUR 4.082 
million), comprising significant licenses, patents and acquired trademarks, and EUR 5.091 
million of goodwill at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024 – EUR 5.462 million).
The carrying values of goodwill and intangible assets are contingent on future cash flows and if 
these cash flows do not meet the Group’s expectations, there is risk that the assets will be 
impaired. The impairment reviews performed by the Group contain a number of significant 
judgements and estimates including revenue growth, the success of new product launches, 
patent expiry dates, profit margins, terminal values and discount rate. Changes in these 
assumptions might lead to a change in the carrying value of intangible assets and goodwill. We 
therefore determined that this matter was of most significance in our audit.
As indicated in Note 21 Goodwill, the Group operates in one segment and has therefore one 
single cash-generating unit (“CGU”), Biopharmaceuticals, for goodwill impairment testing purposes.
How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter 
We obtained the UCB Group’s impairment evaluation analyses and performed the following 
procedures:
• We tested the reasonableness of the methodology and the key assumptions, including profit 
and cash flow growth, terminal values, the impact of the expiry of patents, pricing impacts, 
potential product obsolescence, the probability of success for pipeline products and the 
selection of discount rates. 
• We have assessed management’s substantiation of its assumptions, including comparing 
relevant assumptions to industry and economic forecasts. In doing this, we worked with our 
internal valuation specialists. 
• We have also evaluated the process to prepare the Group’s strategic plan that was approved 
by UCB’s Board of Directors.
• We obtained and evaluated management’s sensitivity analyses to ascertain the impact of 
reasonably possible changes in key assumptions and we performed our own independent 
sensitivity calculations to quantify the downside changes to management’s models required 
to result in impairment. 
• We also assessed the reasonability of the forecasted discounted cash flows by comparing 
those to the Group’s market capitalisation.
Management’s review of the recoverable amounts of the Group’s assets did not result in the 
recognition of impairment charges in 2025 (see Note 14 Impairment of non-financial assets). 
As a result of our work, we concur with this position. In addition, we found that management’s 
judgements were supported by reasonable assumptions that would require unreasonable 
downside changes before any material impairment was  necessary.
In respect of the Biopharmaceuticals CGU, we confirmed that this is the lowest level at which 
management monitors goodwill for internal purposes, that it is consistent with how the 
Group’s results and financial position are reported to the executive committee and the board 
of directors and that it thus complies with IFRS as adopted by the European Union.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 263
Statutory auditor's Report continued

[page 264]
Recognition of deferred tax assets and uncertain tax positions
Refer to Notes 3.12 Income taxes, 4.2.5 Tax positions, 32 Deferred tax assets and liabilities and 
36 Income tax payables
Description of the Key Audit Matter
The UCB Group has significant tax losses from past & current business performance. There is 
inherent uncertainty involved assessing both the availability of losses and tax credits and in 
forecasting future taxable profits, which determines the extent to which deferred tax assets are 
recognised. Additionally, the availability and the amount of the tax losses and tax credits can be 
impacted by ongoing tax audits. 
At 31 December 2025, the Group has recognised EUR 1.273 million of net deferred tax assets  
(31 December 2024 – EUR 929 million). The process for the determination of deferred tax 
assets is complex and involves a significant amount of judgement. Consequently, we consider 
the recognition of deferred tax assets as significant matter of our audit of the financial 
statements.
The group operates in a complex multinational tax environment and there are open tax and 
transfer pricing matters with tax authorities. Judgement is required in assessing the level of 
liabilities required  in respect of uncertain tax positions. We therefore also consider the liabilities 
for uncertain tax positions as a key audit matter. At 31 December 2025, the Group has 
recognised liabilities of EUR 117 million in respect of uncertain tax positions (31 December 
2024 – EUR 139 million). Liabilities for uncertain tax positions are recorded when the Group 
considers it probable that a tax position taken is unlikely to be sustained if challenged  by the 
tax authorities and after exhausting all legal remedies. 
The Group has also recorded income tax receivables for tax relief following Mutual Agreement 
procedures for an amount of EUR 26 million (31 December 2024 - EUR 23 million). Assets for 
relief following Mutual Agreement procedures are recorded when the Group considers it 
probable that a Mutual Agreement procedure may provide for a corresponding adjustment in 
one or more jurisdictions. 
As a result of the above, on a net basis, the group has provided for a reserve of EUR 91 million  
(31 December 2024 - EUR 116 million) to cover for uncertain tax positions.
How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter 
We evaluated the appropriateness of the management’s key assumptions and estimates, in 
particular the likelihood of generating sufficient future taxable profits to support the recognition 
of deferred tax assets.
We evaluated the possible effects of tax audit outcomes on the availability of tax losses and tax 
credits (and the need for recognizing a provision for uncertain tax positions, if deemed 
necessary).
We considered the status of recent and current tax authority audits, the outcome of previous 
audits, the judgmental positions taken in tax returns and current year estimates and 
developments in the tax environment.
We assessed and evaluated – together with our tax specialists – the correspondence with the 
relevant tax authorities and certain third party tax opinions. Based on this information, we 
analysed and challenged the assumptions used by management to determine tax liabilities. We 
conclude that the liabilities for uncertain tax positions are recognised in accordance            
with IFRIC 23.
We assessed whether the UCB Group’s disclosures about the sensitivity of the recognition of 
deferred  tax assets to reasonably possible changes in key assumptions reflected the associated 
inherent risks and the disclosures in respect of tax and uncertain tax positions.
As a result of our work, we determined that management’s conclusions on the recognition of 
deferred    tax assets and its recoverability are appropriate. We also determined that the 
provisions for uncertain  tax positions and the related disclosures are acceptable.
Ongoing litigations, claims and regulatory investigations
Refer to Notes 3.29 Provisions, 4.2.3 Environmental provisions, 13 Other operating income/
expenses, 16 Other income/expenses, 34 Provisions and 43 Commitments and contingencies
Description of the Key Audit Matter
The pharmaceutical industry is a highly regulated industry, which increases the inherent risk for 
litigation, claims and regulatory investigations. The UCB Group is engaged in a number of legal 
actions, including product liability, commercial litigation and regulatory investigations, which 
could  have a material impact on the financial statements.
The Group complies with the requirements of IAS 37 for the evaluation and recording of 
provisions for certain risks. The recording of a provision or contingent liability in order to cover 
the legal risk requires by nature the use of professional judgment due to the difficulty to 
estimate the outcome of litigations that may arise.
Due to the nature of the current procedures against the Group and given the use of estimation 
in the determination of the provisions, we consider the ongoing litigation, claims and 
regulatory investigations as a key audit matter.
At 31 December 2025, the Group held provisions of EUR 366 million (31 December 2024 – 
EUR 399 million) among others in respect of actual legal actions brought against the Group 
and disclosures have been made in Note 34 Provisions in relation to these provisions, as well 
as the disclosure of contingent liabilities in Note 43 Commitments and contingencies relating 
to ongoing regulatory investigations or legal claims where the  directors believe to have 
meritorious defenses against the claims.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 264
Statutory auditor's Report continued

[page 265]
How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter 
We have assessed the adequacy of the internal control system and tested the operating 
effectiveness of key controls related to the process of determining the provisions for litigation.
These controls mainly concern the identification of the files to be provisioned based on the 
motives of the dispute and the determination of the amount of the provisions estimated using 
the methodologies retained by the Group.
Our audit work has focused on the following:
• We discussed actual or pending legal and regulatory claims with the Group’s General 
Counsel to update our understanding of the status of each case.
• We established our own expectation of the likely outcome and tested substantively the 
amount provided by evaluating the assumptions used in measuring the provisions by 
discussion and by reference to the actual (similar) court decisions, to available 
documentation such as correspondence with external legal counsels and by obtaining 
independent confirmations from the external legal counsels.
• We considered the completeness of legal and regulatory matters through inquiry with the 
Group’s General Counsel and by reading minutes of meetings of the executive committee 
and the board of directors, and did not identify any other legal matters that had not already 
been disclosed to us.
• We evaluated the assumptions regarding the measurement of the recorded provisions and 
discussed with UCB’s management and assessed the assumptions used. 
Our testing did not identify any material misstatements in the provisions recorded. We found 
that in the context of the Group consolidated accounts, the judgements made by 
management and the provisions recorded are reasonable and the disclosures relating to legal 
and regulatory matters, provisions and contingent liabilities in Notes 34 Provisions & 
43 Commitments and contingencies were in accordance with the requirements of IFRSs as 
adopted by the European Union.
Responsibilities of the board of directors for the preparation of the consolidated accounts
The board of directors is responsible for the preparation of consolidated accounts that give a 
true and fair view in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by 
the European Union and with the legal and regulatory requirements applicable in Belgium, and 
for such internal control as the board of directors determines is necessary to enable the 
preparation of consolidated accounts that are free from material misstatement, whether due to 
fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated accounts, the board of directors is responsible for assessing the 
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to 
going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the board of directors 
either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but 
to do so.
Statutory auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated accounts
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated accounts 
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an 
auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, 
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a 
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to 
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated accounts.
In performing our audit, we comply with the legal, regulatory and normative framework 
applicable to the audit of the consolidated accounts in Belgium. A statutory audit does not 
provide any assurance as to the Group’s future viability nor as to the efficiency or effectiveness 
of the board of directors’ current or future business management at Group level.
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated accounts, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and 
obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The 
risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one 
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing 
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of 
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the board of directors.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the board of directors’ use of the going concern basis 
of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty 
exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to 
continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are 
required to draw attention in our statutory auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the 
consolidated accounts or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our statutory 
auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to 
continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated accounts, 
including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated accounts represent the underlying 
transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
• Obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the 
entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated 
financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of 
the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 265
Statutory auditor's Report continued

[page 266]
We communicate with the audit committee regarding, among other matters, the planned 
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant 
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the audit committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant 
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships 
and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where 
applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with the audit committee, we determine those matters that 
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated accounts of the current period and 
are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless 
law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter. 
Other legal and regulatory requirements
Responsibilities of the board of directors
The board of directors is responsible for the preparation and the content of the director’s 
report, including the sustainability information on the   consolidated accounts and the other 
information included in the annual report.
Statutory auditor’s responsibilities
In the context of our engagement and in accordance with the Belgian standard which is 
complementary to the International Standards on Auditing (ISAs) as applicable in Belgium, our 
responsibility is to verify, in all material respects, the directors’ report on the consolidated 
accounts  and the other information included in the annual report, and to report on these 
matters.
Aspects related to the directors’ report on the consolidated accounts and to the other 
information included in the annual report
The directors’ report on the consolidated financial statements contains consolidated 
sustainability information, which is the subject of our separate report, which contains an 
‘unqualified conclusion’ on the limited assurance with respect this sustainability information. 
In our opinion, after having performed specific procedures in relation to the directors’ report 
on the consolidated accounts, this report is consistent with the consolidated accounts for the 
year under audit, and is prepared in accordance with article 3:32 of the Companies’ and 
Associations’ Code.
In the context of our audit of the consolidated accounts, we are also responsible for 
considering, in particular based on the knowledge acquired resulting from the audit, whether 
the directors’ report on the consolidated accounts and the other information included in the 
annual report on the consolidated accounts is materially misstated or contains information 
which is inadequately disclosed or otherwise misleading. In light of the procedures we have 
performed, there are no material misstatements we have to report to you.
Statement related to independence
• Our registered audit firm and our network did not provide services which are incompatible 
with the statutory audit of the consolidated accounts, and our registered audit firm remained 
independent of the Group in the course of our mandate.
• The fees for additional services which are compatible with the statutory audit of the 
consolidated accounts referred to in article 3:65 of the Companies’ and Associations’ Code 
are correctly disclosed and itemized in the notes to the consolidated accounts.
European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) 
We have also performed, in accordance with the standard on the audit of compliance of 
financial statements with the European Single Electronic Format (hereinafter "ESEF"), the audit 
of the compliance of the ESEF format with the technical regulatory standards defined by the 
Delegated European Regulation No. 2019/815 of December 17, 2018 (hereinafter "Delegated 
Regulation"). 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation, in accordance with the ESEF 
requirements, of the consolidated financial statements as an electronic file in ESEF format 
(hereinafter digital consolidated financial statements) included in the annual financial report. 
Our responsibility is to obtain sufficient appropriate evidence to conclude that the format and 
XBRL markup of the digital consolidated financial statements comply, in all material respects, 
with the ESEF requirements under the Delegated Regulation.
Based on our work, we are of the opinion that the format of and the tagging of information in 
the digital consolidated financial statements included in the annual financial report of the 
Group as at  31 December 2025 are, in all material respects, prepared in accordance with the 
ESEF requirements under the Delegated Regulation.
Other statements
This report is consistent with the additional report to the audit committee referred to in article 
11 of the Regulation (EU) N° 537/2014.
Brussels, February 25, 2026
Forvis Mazars Réviseurs d’Entreprises SRL 
Statutory Auditor
Represented by 
Sébastien SCHUEREMANS
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 266
Statutory auditor's Report continued

[page 267]
6. Abbreviated statutory financial statements of UCB
6.1. Introduction
In accordance with the Belgian Companies Code, it has been decided to present an 
abbreviated version of the statutory financial statements of UCB.
The statutory financial statements of UCB are prepared in accordance with Belgian Generally 
Accepted Accounting Principles.
It should be noted that only the consolidated financial statements as presented above, present 
a true and fair view of the financial position and performance of the UCB Group.
The statutory auditor has issued an unqualified audit opinion and certifies that the non-
consolidated financial statements of UCB for the year ended December 31, 2025 give a true 
and fair view of the financial position and results of UCB in accordance with all legal and 
regulatory dispositions.
In accordance with the legislation, these separate financial statements, together with the 
management report of the Board of Directors to the general assembly of shareholders, as well 
as the auditor’s report will be filed at the National Bank of Belgium within the statutory periods.
These documents are available on our website www.ucb.com or on simple request, addressed to:
UCB 
Corporate Communication  
Allée de la Recherche, 60 – 1070 Brussels, Belgium
6.2. Statement of financial position
Assets
Formation expenses 7 9
Intangible assets 0 0
Tangible assets 36 38
Financial assets 9 501 9 501
Fixed assets 9 543 9 547
Amounts receivable after more than one year 2 078 2 998
Amounts receivable within one year or less 291 25
Current investments 577 528
Cash at bank and on hand 2 40
Deferred charges and accrued income 17 67
Current assets 2 966 3 658
Total assets 12 509 13 206
Liabilities
Capital 584 584
Share premium 2 000 2 000
Reserves 6 554 6 454
Profit brought forward 24 16
Equity 9 162 9 053
Provisions 52 44
Provisions and deferred taxes 52 44
Amounts payable after more than one year 2 802 3 562
Amounts payable within one year or less 420 462
Accrued charges and deferred income 74 84
Current liabilities 3 296 4 109
Total liabilities 12 509 13 206
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 267


[page 268]
6.3. Income statement
Operating income  110  101 
Operating charges  -161  -149 
Operating result  -50  -48 
Financial income  619  667 
Financial charges  -185  -228 
Financial result  434  440 
Profit before income taxes  384  391 
Income taxes  0  -1 
Profit for the year available for appropriation  383  390 
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
6.4. Appropriation account
Profit for the period available for appropriation  383  390 
Profit brought forward from previous year  16  91 
Profit to be appropriated  400  481 
Transfer to other reserves  100  200 
Transfer to capital and reserves  100  200 
Profit to be carried forward  24  16 
Result to be carried forward  24  16 
Dividends  276  264 
Profit to be distributed  276  264 
If the proposed allocation of the profit is approved, the total gross 
dividend will be fixed at:  1.45  1.39 
If the proposed allocation of profit is approved and taking into 
account the tax regulations, the total net dividend off withholding tax 
per share will be fixed at:  1.02  0.97 
€   m i l l i o n 2025 2024
The activities of UCB generated in 2025 include € 414 million financial income stemming from 
financial fixed assets in affiliated enterprises. The net profit reaches € 383 million after income 
taxes. The amount available for distribution is € 400 million, including € 16 million profits 
brought forward from last year.
The issued share capital of UCB is represented by 194 505 658 shares without par value as per 
December 31, 2025.
Per December 31, 2025, UCB owns 4 144 296 own shares in order to honour the exercise of 
share options and share awards granted to the Board of Directors and certain categories of 
employees.
The Board of Directors proposes to pay a gross dividend of €1.45 per share. If this dividend 
proposal is approved by the General Meeting on April 30, 2026, the net dividend of €1.015 per 
share will be payable as of May 06, 2026; against the delivery of coupon #27. The shares held 
by UCB are not entitled to a dividend.
Per December 31, 2025, 190 361 362 UCB shares are entitled to a dividend, representing a total 
distribution of € 276 million. This amount may fluctuate depending on the number of UCB 
shares held by UCB on the dividend approval date. The Board of Directors will communicate at 
the general meeting the total number of UCB shares entitled to a dividend and will submit the 
aggregate amount to be distributed for approval. The annual accounts of 2025 will be adapted 
accordingly.
6.5. Summary of significant accounting principles
The Board of Directors made the following decisions in accordance with the Article 3:6 of the 
Royal Decree of April 29, 2019 on implementing the company and association code.
6.5.1. Tangible assets
Tangible assets purchased from third parties have been included in the statement of financial 
position at purchase price; assets manufactured by the company itself have been valued at cost. 
The purchase price or cost is depreciated on a straight-line basis considering “pro rata temporis”. 
The depreciation rates are as follows: 
Administrative buildings  3 %
Industrial buildings  5 %
Tools  15 %
Furniture and office machinery  15 %
Vehicles  20 %
Computer equipment and office machines  33.30 %
Prototype equipment  33.30 %
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 268
Abbreviated statutory financial statements of UCB continued

[page 269]
6.5.2. Financial assets 
UCB shareholdings have been valued in accordance with the proportion held in shareholders’ 
equity of the UCB companies concerned. 
Shareholdings not part of the UCB companies are valued at cost. An impairment is booked 
whenever the valuation shows a permanent loss in realizable value.
6.5.3. Receivables and liabilities
They are shown at their book value. Receivables have been written down if their repayment, 
when due, is entirely or partly uncertain and doubtful.
6.5.4. Assets and commitments expressed in foreign currencies 
Foreign currency transactions are accounted for at the exchange rates prevailing at the date of 
the transactions.
Non-monetary assets and liabilities (intangible and tangible assets, shareholdings), 
denominated in foreign currencies, are translated at the foreign exchange rate prevailing at the 
date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are 
translated at statement of financial position date rate. Realized and unrealized exchange 
differences on foreign currency transactions are recognized in the income statement.
6.5.5. Provisions
All the risks born by the company have been the subject of provisions reviewed each year, in 
accordance with the rules of prudence, good faith and sincerity. Provisions are recorded at 
normal value.
6.5.6. Foreign currencies
Derivatives are accounted for at fair value through P&L unless the derivative has no offsetting 
exposure in the stand-alone financial statements, in which case, the derivative will only be 
disclosed as off-statement of financial position commitment not affecting the statement of 
financial position and/or income statement accounts. The amount disclosed as off-statement 
of financial position commitment will be in line with the IFRS methodology. Additionally, the 
effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative financial instruments that are 
designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, are classified on the same line in the income 
statement or statement of financial position as the hedged item once the hedged item affects 
profit or loss or results in the recognition of a non-financial asset or liability.
6.5.7. Fair value adjustments on loans being acquired 
Loans that have been acquired are recognized in the statement of financial position at nominal 
value. All differences between the nominal value and the acquisition value are recognized on 
an accrual account and taken in the income statement pro rata temporis on a linear basis over 
the remaining duration of the loans.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 269
Abbreviated statutory financial statements of UCB continued

[page 270]
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 270
Accounting 
for Value
2025 UCB U.S. Sustainable Access 
and Pricing Transparency Report

[page 271]
Contents
272 A commitment from UCB leadership
274 Science and scale: 
Bringing innovation to more patients
274 Our breakthrough science
275 Harnessing science for rare disease communities
275 Our investments in infrastructure for the future
276 Spotlight: UCB’s new U.S. biologics manufacturing 
facility
277 More than medicine: 
Supporting the whole person
277 Supporting patient care and positive health outcomes
278 Empowering every moment
279 Spotlight: Succeeding together with Camp Small 
Steps
280 Transparency and access: 
A system that works
280 Driving affordability and transparency
280 2025 by the numbers
281 Advancing a more sustainable health system
281 Using Direct-to-Patient programs to remove access 
barriers
281 Returning 340B to Its original purpose: Supporting 
vulnerable patients
282 The more PBMs profit, the less patients benefit
282 Minimizing barriers to care: Rightsizing utilization 
management/prior authorization
283 Appendix
283 Understanding what matters most: Patient 
perspectives
285 Powering progress through partnerships
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 271
Accounting for Value continued
Accounting  for Value

[page 272]
A commitment from UCB leadership
Healthcare is changing quickly, 
but our focus stays the same: 
creating medicines that elevate 
peopleʼs lives. 
In 2025, we pushed our science forward and took 
concrete steps to build a system that works better 
for people living with severe neurological and 
immunological diseases.
We invested nearly 30% of our revenue in research and 
development, driving progress in neurology, immunology and 
rare diseases. These efforts helped us advance differentiated 
therapies and deepen partnerships with patient communities 
who inspire our work every day.
To meet the growing demand for life-changing therapies in 
the U.S., we are bringing our medicines closer to patients, 
from research, to development, to commercial, and 
manufacturing operations, which represents the full depth of 
our patient value chain. To support the production of recently 
approved and future pipeline medicines, we have also 
announced significant expansion of our U.S. biologics 
manufacturing capacity — an investment that delivers an 
estimated $5 billion in economic impact. This milestone 
strengthens our ability to bring innovative medicines to more 
people, faster and with greater reliability.
Looking ahead, we remain dedicated to creating meaningful 
change for patients, caregivers and communities. By working 
together, embracing innovation, and striving for greater 
access, we’re building a future where our medicines make a 
lasting difference. We remain focused on creating a future 
defined by greater impact and transformative breakthroughs 
for the people and communities who rely on us.
"We strive to reach as many people that can benefit from our innovative medications 
as possible – because if we donʼt, we are failing patients and society.” 
 Taco van Tiel, Head of U.S. 
“When we get policy right, we unlock access to breakthrough treatments for patients who 
need them most. That's what drives us: creating an environment where innovation thrives 
and patients benefit sooner.” 
 Patty Fritz, Vice President, Head of U.S. Corporate Affairs & Sustainability
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 272
Accounting for Value continued


[page 273]
Our focus and 2025 results 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 273
Accounting for Value continued
Differentiate with science
UCB is commitment to innovative, 
differentiated medicines for severe diseases.
Succeed together
UCB is advancing whole patient care.
Drive value through results 
UCB is supporting an affordable, transparent 
health system.
9
3
35+
32%
$6.6bn
approvals 
in the past 3 years
rare disease 
drug approvals 
Investment in a state-of-the-art 
U.S. biologics 
manufacturing facility 
patients and 
caregivers
supported through UCBCares®
direct-to-patient 
programs
and other patient support initiatives 
advocacy 
partnerships
of all discounts going toward 
programs for older, 
low-income and military-
affiliated Americans 
rebates, discounts, 
and fees
to private payers, government programs, 
providers, distributors, and others
contributions to
government programs$2.1bn
6 107

[page 274]
Science and scale: 
Bringing innovation to more patients
At UCB, science starts with people – their realities, challenges, and aspirations. Their lived experiences shape our research and 
inspire us to develop innovative, differentiated medicines for severe neurological, immunological, and rare diseases. Today, our 
portfolio serves nine patient communities, underscoring our commitment to breakthrough science and the communities who 
depend on it.
Our breakthrough science
We strive to reach populations with high unmet needs, and that ambition has led to the commercialization of several 
breakthrough therapies: 
UCBʼs deep commitment to 
research and development, 
by the numbers. 
25-30%
of revenue reinvested into R&D globally 
25-30% 
R&D ratio above industry standard in 
the past decade 
25%+ 
of our U.S. employees are dedicated to 
R&D
4 000+ 
enrollees in our active clinical trials
9 
mid- and late-stage clinical trials
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 274
Accounting for Value continued
BIMZELX® 
(bimekizumab-bkzx): 
First and only interleukin 17A (IL-17A) 
IL-17A & interleukin 17F (IL-17F) IL-17F 
inhibitor for adults with moderate-to-
severe plaque psoriasis (PSO), active 
psoriatic arthritis (PsA), active non-
radiographic axial spondyloarthritis (nr-
axSpA) with objective signs of 
inflammation, active ankylosing 
spondylitis (AS), and moderate-to-
severe hidradenitis suppurativa (HS)
RYSTIGGO® 
(rozanolixizumab-noli): 
First agent for anti-
acetylcholine receptor 
(AChR) antibody positive 
or anti-muscle-specific 
tyrosine kinase (MuSK) 
antibody positive 
generalized myasthenia 
gravis (gMG)
ZILBRYSQ® 
(zilucoplan): 
First and only once-daily 
subcutaneous C5 
inhibitor to treat gMG in 
adults who are AChR 
antibody-positive
FINTEPLA® 
(fenfluramine): 
Foundational therapy for 
the treatment of seizures 
associated with Dravet 
Syndrome and Lennox-
Gastaut Syndrome (LGS) 
in patients two years of 
age and older
“With decades of experience in epilepsy, our early clinical data helped 
transform treatment paradigms and redefine patient care. Today, 
more than 30% of all U.S. patients on any epilepsy medication are 
treated with a UCB-originated molecule—a testament to our enduring 
leadership and innovation.”

[page 275]
Harnessing science for rare disease communities
We continuously evolve to maintain a strong pipeline of differentiated solutions, which has allowed us to secure three rare 
disease drug approvals in less than three years: RYSTIGGO®, ZILBRYSQ®, and, most recently, KYGEVVI™ (doxecitine and 
doxribtimine), alongside FINTEPLA® for rare epilepsy syndromes, Dravet Syndrome and LGS. 
KYGEVVI™ received FDA approval in November 2025 for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 
living with Thymidine Kinase 2 deficiency (TK2d), with an age of symptom onset on or before 12 years. 
TK2d is an often fatal, ultra-rare, life-threatening, genetic mitochondrial disease characterized by 
progressive and severe muscle weakness. KYGEVVI™ is the first and only approved treatment for these 
patients living with TK2d.
“After years of searching for treatment options, todayʼs approval 
represents a life-changing moment for our community. It means 
more strength, more time, and renewed hope for Arturitoʼs future." 
Olga Estopinan, Muscular Dystrophy Association (MDA) family member
Our investments in infrastructure for the future
Delivering innovation demands resilient infrastructure. We are committed to expanding in the U.S., and prioritizing research and development to further our scientific ambition and better serve the 
people who rely on us. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 275
Accounting for Value continued
Since 2017, UCB 
has strengthened 
its U.S. footprint:
68% 
increase in U.S. workforce 
to 1 900 total U.S. 
employees
140 000 
square 
feet
of R&D facilities in the U.S.
—and growing
$31.4 
billion
in economic impact over 
the past five years


[page 276]
UCBʼs new U.S. biologics 
manufacturing facility
In June 2025, we announced UCB’s largest 
manufacturing investment in the Company’s 
h i s t o r y :  a  n e w ,  s t a t e - o f - t h e - a r t  b i o l o g i c s  
manufacturing facility. 
UCB’s growing footprint reflects our long-term commitment 
to delivering scientific innovation, economic impact and 
sustainable healthcare value to patients in the United States. 
E q u i p p e d  w i t h  a d v a n c e d  t e c h n o l o g i e s  a n d  A I - e n a b l e d  
s y s t e m s ,  t h e  f a c i l i t y  s t r e n g t h e n s  o u r  e n d - t o - e n d  s u p p l y  c h a i n ,  
s u p p o r t s  o n e  o f  o u r  f a s t e s t - g r o w i n g  m a r k e t s  a n d  e n h a n c e s  
reliability of supply. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 276
Accounting for Value continued
Projected 
influence of U.S. 
manufacturing 
facility
$5 billion 
in economic impact in the U.S.
300+ 
permanent, highly skilled direct jobs 
in biologics manufacturing
500+ jobs  
created during construction


[page 277]
More than medicine: 
Supporting the whole person
As scientific innovation advances, UCB’s responsibility extends beyond discovery. 
Innovations have an impact only when patients can access them – and that requires strong partnerships, education, support services and community engagement. 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 277
Accounting for Value continued
Supporting patient care and positive health outcomes
We're expanding care beyond treatment – supporting more than 6 100 patients and caregivers through UCBCares®, UCB Direct and other patient assistance programs, funding 
scholarships, and partnering with 35+ advocacy organizations to support communities.
167 975
Number of patients benefiting from UCB financial 
assistance programs in 2025 
201 144
Number of patients benefiting from UCB patient support 
programs in 2025
Support services
UCBCares®, ONWARD, and Nurse Navigators provide 
support to patients, caregivers and healthcare 
professionals throughout the treatment journey.
Access and affordability
UCB offers access and affordability programs, including 
Patient Assistance, Copay Assistance, Bridge Support, and 
Vouchers that help reduce barriers to treatment by providing 
financial assistance, temporary medication access, and cost-
saving options. These programs are designed to support 
eligible patients in starting and maintaining their prescribed 
UCB therapy.
Health equity
UCB Population Health Resources are teams that work 
with a wide range of stakeholders to help address 
challenges facing groups of individuals and improve their 
health outcomes.

[page 278]
Empowering every moment
Beyond direct access to treatments, we help people feel informed and supported to live fulfilling lives through education, partnerships and community building.
UCB offers the UCB Myasthenia Gravis Scholarship™ and the UCB Family Epilepsy Scholarship Program™.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 278
Accounting for Value continued
UCB also partners with a variety of advocacy organizations and educational 
institutions to address unmet needs of patients across disease areas, by, for example:
Empowering Hidradenitis Suppurativa 
community: 
UCB partners with patient organizations to raise 
awareness and reduce stigma for this painful 
inflammatory skin condition with a goal of earlier 
diagnosis and better outcomes.
35+ 
ongoing partnerships
200 000+
members of advocacy 
communities engaged with
150+ 
advocacy events attended
 
80+ 
patient education and public 
awareness initiatives 
implemented 
20+
Years awarding academic scholarships
Nearly 700 
recipients awarded since 2005 
$3 150 000+ 
awarded in scholarships
Providing health resources for Myasthenia 
Gravis community: 
Responding to requests from people living with gMG, 
a progressive neurological illness, UCB has shared 
nutrition, exercise and other resources to improve 
wellness.
Supporting caregivers: 
UCB worked with patient communities to design 
resources to assist families in planning long-term adult 
care for individuals with rare epilepsies.


[page 279]
Succeeding together 
with Camp Small Steps 
UCB's Camp Small Steps, in collaboration with Shine Forward with Dravet and the 
Dravet Syndrome Foundation, is a support infrastructure built with and for the 
Dravet community to reach them where they are, in a way they never thought 
possible. Camp Small Steps creates a place of belonging by providing safe, 
accessible camping activities for families affected by Dravet Syndrome.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 279
Accounting for Value continued
“It was the most fun I think my Dravet son 
has ever had! Thank you for this experience!” 
Caregiver from Tennessee
“It had something for every age, all sensory 
levels. It felt safe and like a family event.” 
Caregiver from Tennessee
“It was amazing!!!! My kids all loved it, and it 
was so accommodating for kids of all 
developmental needs! It will be talked 
about in our house for a long time!”  
Caregiver from Texas
“Theyʼre not going to be able to stop talking 
about it. We could never send him [their 
loved one with DS] to camp.”
Caregiver from Washington
448+
total attendees across 5 camps
94% 
of surveyed caregivers would 
attend another Camp Small Steps
108%
growth in event attendance 
from first to fifth 


[page 280]
Transparency and access: 
A system that works 
Supporting patients also means addressing the system-level barriers to timely, affordable access to care. 
Through responsible pricing, transparent reporting, and advocacy for system-wide reforms, UCB works to break 
down structural barriers that stand between patients and the treatments they need.  
Driving affordability and transparency
At UCB, we are committed to ensuring that every eligible patient can access the treatments they need. We do that by pricing responsibly, using a transparent framework that reflects the value our 
medicines bring to patients, caregivers and society, and by offering a range of patient assistance programs designed to support those who need help most. 
Encourage the development and adoption of medicines 
that create patient value and make people healthier;
Promote and reward innovation in a way that 
is sustainable for UCB and the health system; and
Provide affordable access to medicines 
for patients who benefit the most from them.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 280
Accounting for Value continued
In 2025, our U.S. net price change 
(after rebates, discounts and fees) 
averaged -1.7% across the U.S. 
product portfolio (list price change 
averaged 4.9%). This reflects our 
significant market rebates and 
discounts to ensure patients can 
access UCB medicines. 
-1.7%
net price change1
4.9%
list price change 
2025 by the numbers
56.0%
2025 Discount Rate
UCB provides on average more 
than 50% in rebates, discounts 
and fees, over $6.6 billion in 
2025, to the list price of our 
medicines in an effort to 
improve access and with the 
aim of lowering the affordability 
burden for patients.
$6.6bn 
in rebates, discounts, and fees 
to private payers, government 
programs, providers, distributors 
and others  
32% 
of all discounts went toward programs 
critical to older, low-income and 
military-affiliated Americans 
(includes Medicaid, Medicare, 340B 
and military-affiliated programs)
23% discounts 
to Medicaid and 340B
9% discounts from Medicare 
programs and other government 
insurance programs
1. Net price change represents the year-over-year change in average net price, which is WAC less rebates, discounts, fees and returns, calculated at a product level and weighted across the company's U.S. product portfolio. The 
methodology used may differ from those used by other companies.
$2.1 bn 
contributions 
to government 
channels


[page 281]
Advancing a more sustainable health system
The U.S. health system is a complex web of interconnected players that often creates barriers to timely and affordable access. UCB works within the current landscape to support patients while 
advocating for public policy solutions that drive innovation and elevate patient lives.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 281
Accounting for Value continued
Returning 340B to its original purpose: 
Supporting vulnerable patients 
Overview: 
The original goal of the 340B program was to increase access for underserved patients, 
but the program has become less about patients and more about boosting the bottom 
lines of hospitals and for-profit pharmacies.   
340B entities can 
purchase some medicines 
for 1 cent per dose and 
mark them up by
1 000%
Profits from 340B markups 
make up 
10% 
of every dollar spent on 
brand medicines
What we’re doing: 
UCB supports the 340B Drug Pricing Program’s 
purpose of increasing access for underserved 
patients, but we are concerned about program 
integrity. This $66 billion program operates with 
few guardrails and no evidence that patients 
are benefiting. 
We support 340B program reform that 
actually benefits patients 
To promote affordability and access, we 
invest in our patient assistance programs 
to directly reduce costs for those in need. 
 
Using Direct-to-Patient programs 
to remove access barriers 
Overview: 
Direct-to-Patient programs allow patients to purchase their medicines directly from the 
manufacturer, cutting out supply chain middlemen and the rebates and discounts they 
often do not pass on to patients. 
3 years  
Direct-to-Patient access 
for UCB medicines
90% 
discount off list price 
offered to patients by 
UCB Direct 
What we’re doing: 
UCB has offered patients a Direct-to-Patient 
program for several years that enables patients to 
consistently access certain branded medications at 
a discounted cash price. 
We are committed to expanding this 
practice to more of our portfolio 
The U.S. health system also has numerous 
structures in place meant to benefit patients, but 
due to misaligned incentives and a lack of 
transparency, some of these do not benefit 
patients in the way they are intended.

[page 282]
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 282
Accounting for Value continued
What we’re doing:  
UCB offers rebates and discounts to improve access and lower patients’ 
out-of-pocket costs.
We provide rebates and discounts to improve formulary access and 
mitigate PBM impact on patients
As the healthcare landscape rapidly evolves, we remain steadfast in our commitment 
to building a more sustainable health system, one that enhances patient wellbeing at 
every stage of care. 
The more PBMs profit, the less patients benefit 
Overview: 
Pharmacy Benefit Managers (PBMs) in the U.S. healthcare system use medicines as 
profit centers, forcing patients to pay more than they should and driving U.S. out-of-
pocket costs higher than elsewhere in the world.
Minimizing barriers to care: Rightsizing utilization 
management/prior authorization
Overview: 
Many commercial health plans use utilization management tools that can create 
hurdles to timely medication access. We are especially concerned about step therapy, 
which forces patients to “try and fail” on other treatments before accessing the one 
their provider recommends.  
What we’re doing:  
UCB supports healthcare providers’ ability to choose the right therapy for each patient 
while minimizing burdensome requirements such as prior authorization.
To promote access for patients, we advocate for step therapy policy 
reforms in partnership with patient communities 
We develop state-level programs to educate and assist providers with 
step therapy override processes 

[page 283]
Understanding what matters most: 
Patient perspectives
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 283
Accounting for Value continued
Diagnosed at 18 months with TK2d, Arturito's health rapidly deteriorated. His symptoms 
began at just 14 months old, and he gradually lost muscle tone and became weaker. 
Every time the family flew, he would become severely ill with pneumonia that wouldn't 
respond to antibiotics. His path to diagnosis was frustrating: physicians told his parents 
their son was "a mystery" to them. Determined to find answers, his father took him to 
Johns Hopkins in Baltimore, where doctors finally diagnosed Arturito with TK2d, an 
ultrarare, life-threatening mitochondrial disease.
Following Arturito's diagnosis, he wasn't expected to survive past infancy. His father 
immediately quit his 27-year congressional position to form a private foundation 
benefiting TK2d families. He connected with Dr. Michio Hirano at Columbia University 
Irving Medical Center, who enrolled Arturito in a clinical trial for deoxynucleoside 
therapy. Arturito became the first human in the United States to receive this 
experimental medicine.
Nearly 13 years later, Arturito is doing well and still on the drug, making him the oldest 
living American patient in the trial. His survival is extraordinary as children with his 
condition have approximately 50% mortality after one year of onset. Arturito's 
groundbreaking participation has paved the way for other TK2d patients and brought 
hope to the entire TK2d community.
Albert's diagnosis journey began in spring 2014 when he experienced slurred speech, 
choking, double vision, and muscle weakness, leading to a prolonged diagnostic 
process that involved seven different neurologists. 
In October 2015, a neurologist specializing in autoimmune diseases finally identified 
gMG, confirmed by bloodwork showing elevated acetylcholine levels. After Albert was 
diagnosed, he started treatment with medications including prednisone and 
pyridostigmine and faced challenges. 
In 2020, he joined a clinical trial, marking a turning point as his symptoms improved, 
allowing him to reconnect with daily life. Within a month of treatment, he experienced 
a reduction in his difficulty swallowing and double vision, and his extreme fatigue 
began to diminish. As the treatment continued to take effect, he gradually regained the 
ability to engage in daily activities and reconnect with family life. 
Albert's resilience and commitment to understanding his condition led to continued 
treatment, highlighting the role of perseverance, supportive care and emerging 
therapies in managing gMG.
Meet Arturito, 
who has defied all expectations 
while living with Thymidine 
Kinase 2 deficiency (TK2d). 
Meet Albert, 
who saw seven different neurologists 
before being accurately diagnosed with 
generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG). 

[page 284]
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 284
Accounting for Value continued
Cydney, a 27-year-old woman from Colorado Springs, has bravely come forward to 
share her story and raise awareness about HS, a recurring, painful and often 
misunderstood skin condition. HS can cause painful bumps in areas such as the groin 
and armpits, which are often mistaken for acne. 
Diagnosed at 17, Cydney spent years visiting emergency rooms where her abscesses 
were incorrectly treated. HS, which disproportionately affects women, specifically Black 
women, is often stigmatized and misunderstood, leading to delayed diagnoses. 
After hiding her HS for years, Cydney now shares her journey through social media 
to connect with others and combat the stigma surrounding HS. She has more than 
200 000 followers on TikTok and Instagram.
Emma’s seizures began when she was four months old, but despite ongoing episodes 
and her parents’ concerns, she was not initially prescribed treatment. After a year of 
unanswered questions, a neurologist confirmed an SCN1A gene mutation and 
diagnosed Emma with DS shortly after her first birthday.
Following Emma’s diagnosis, her seizures were frequent and unpredictable. That left 
Nicole feeling “always on” and as though she had lost her own identity. The constant 
fear of complications, including sudden unexpected death in epilepsy (SUDEP), weighed 
heavily on Emma’s family as they navigated the realities of this progressive, 
l i f e - t h r e a t e n i n g  c o n d i t i o n .
After starting a new treatment, Emma began having fewer seizures and even 
s e i z u r e - f r e e  p e r i o d s .  T h e  c o m b i n a t i o n  o f  t r e a t m e n t ,  v i g i l a n t  c a r e  a n d  s u p p o r t  f r o m  h e r  
medical team transformed her life. “Last year, we couldn't even think of taking Emma 
out of the house. She wasn't happy, she wasn't talking, and she was a shell of herself,” 
Nicole recalls. “Now, it has been incredible to see her do things that weren’t possible 
before.” Today, Emma can say her name, call Nicole “mom,” share what she wants, and 
enjoy everyday moments, while Nicole continues to advocate for better awareness, 
more open conversations about SUDEP, and stronger resources for families affected by 
rare epilepsies.
Meet Cydney, 
who is fighting the stigma around 
hidradenitis suppurativa (HS).
Meet Nicole, 
a devoted mom and caregiver from 
Tennessee, whose seven-year-old daughter Emma 
is rebuilding her childhood while living with 
Dravet Syndrome (DS), a rare, severe form of 
epilepsy that has shaped their daily lives. 

[page 285]
Powering progress  
through partnerships
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 285
Accounting for Value continued
Partnering with patient communities to advance 
HS awareness and care
Goal
To integrate patient perspectives into healthcare solutions for HS and foster a 
supportive community for individuals affected by this skin condition.
What we do
UCB collaborates with patients living with HS to develop patient-centered 
resources and campaigns. Initiatives such as the Healing Space, a mental 
health support platform, and the Make HStory campaign highlight UCB's 
commitment to authentic patient representation. The HS Papaya app and an 
HS patient registry in partnership with UCSF further empower patients with 
knowledge and tools for effective condition management.
Impact
The partnership has the potential to reduce the average diagnosis time of 
7-10 years for patients with HS and fostered a strong community, as 
exemplified by UCB's HS Summit, which was attended by individuals with HS 
meeting fellow patients with HS for the first time.
Enhancing epilepsy care through UCB and 
Morehouse's community-based approach
Goal
To improve healthcare access and outcomes for patients with epilepsy in 
Georgia through a community-based care model.
What we do
UCB and Morehouse School of Medicine are enhancing epilepsy care by 
connecting community health workers (CHWs) to patients with necessary 
resources and specialists. This collaboration focuses on addressing barriers, 
such as specialist access and insurance coverage, while providing behavioral 
health support. The initiative is currently in its pilot phase, with a plan to 
expand the CHW model across Georgia and to other states, aiming to 
improve care coordination and reduce emergency room visits.
Impact
The program aims to reach over 110 000 patients with epilepsy in Georgia 
and  to expand nationwide, improving access to care and reducing 
healthcare costs by providing better-coordinated services.

[page 286]
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 286
Accounting for Value continued
Resources for resilience: Dravet Syndrome 
Awareness Month for families living 
with Developmental and Epileptic 
Encephalopathies (DEEs)
Goal
To support families affected by DS and raise awareness about this rare 
epileptic condition.
What we do
UCB provides comprehensive resources including the VIP Sibling and 
C.A.R.E. Binder to assist families in managing DS and transitioning from 
pediatric to adult care. The CareCompass tool centralizes care information, 
simplifying management for caregivers. Initiatives such as Camp Small Steps 
offer families a safe environment to experience traditional childhood 
activities, enhancing social connections within the DS community.
Impact
UCB supports over 10 000 patients globally, facilitating better 
communication and emotional support among siblings and caregivers, 
which significantly reduces stress and anxiety levels.
Supporting people impacted by rare disease 
through an effective policy landscape
Goal
To advocate for policy changes that improve access to treatments and 
quality of life for individuals with rare diseases.
What we do
UCB is an active member of the Save Rare Treatments Task Force, working 
to shape a supportive policy environment for patients with rare diseases. 
Through this coalition, UCB advocates for legislative changes such as the Joe 
Fiandra Access to Home Infusion Act and the ORPHAN Cures Act, which aim 
to improve access to treatments and foster innovation in drug development. 
UCB engages with Congress and patient organizations, using the Aspire 4 Rare 
Report as a tool to drive systematic policy reforms that prioritize patient needs.
Impact
As part of the Save Rare Treatments Task Force, UCB contributes to 
advocacy efforts that aim to pass critical legislation, impacting 30 million 
Americans living with rare diseases, 95% of whom lack FDA-approved 
treatments. 

[page 287]
Glossary
ABAC
Anti-bribery and anti-corruption
Access Coverage Performance 
Refers to the proportion of UCB products/indications that 
have achieved negotiated reimbursement listing or a 
negotiated managed access program in any given market in 
which we operate, thereby enabling patients to access and 
benefit from UCB’s solutions 
Adjusted EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes)
Operating profit adjusted for impairment charges, 
restructuring expenses and other income and expenses 
Adjusted EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, 
Depreciation and Amortization charges) 
Operating profit adjusted for amortization, depreciation, 
impairment charges, restructuring expenses and other 
income and expenses 
Adjusted gross profit 
Gross profit without the amortization of intangible assets 
linked to sales 
ALM
Asset-liability management 
APIs
Active pharmaceutical ingredients 
BREEAM
Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment 
Method (i.e., sustainability certification to assess the 
environmental performance of buildings)
BRB/Benefit Risk Board
Responsible for assessing the benefit-risk balance of each 
product in the UCB portfolio
CER 
Constant exchange rates 
CGU 
Cash generating unit
CHMP
Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use
CMOs
Contract manufacturing organizations
CO2e
Carbon dioxide equivalent 
Core EPS/Core earnings per share 
Profit attributable to UCB shareholders, adjusted for the after-
tax impact of restructuring, impairment, other income/
expense items, the financial one-offs, the after-tax 
contribution from discontinued operations and the after-tax 
amortization of intangibles linked to sales, per non-dilutive 
weighted average number of shares
Five growth drivers
BIMZELX®, EVENITY®, FINTEPLA®, RYSTIGGO® and 
ZILBRYSQ®.
Core products 
BIMZELX®, BRIVIACT®, CIMZIA®, EVENITY®, FINTEPLA®, 
KEPPRA®, NAYZILAM®, NAYZILAM®, VIMPAT® and ZILBRYSQ®. 
CSRD
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive 
DMA
Double Materiality Assessment
DMU
Decision making unit
DTA 
Deferred tax asset 
EBIT/Earnings Before Interest and Taxes 
Operating profit as mentioned in the consolidated financial 
statements 
E&BI
Ethics and business integrity
EMA
European Medicines Agency 
EPS/Earnings per share
Company’s net profit divided by the outstanding shares of 
common stock
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 287


[page 288]
ERGs
Employee resource groups
ESG  
Environmental, social and governance
ESRS
European Sustainability Reporting Standards
Established brands 
Portfolio of post-patent, high-quality UCB medicines, with 
proven value for patients and doctors over many years 
Extra-financial 
Term used by UCB for information commonly referred to as 
"non-financial" 
FDA
U.S. Food and Drug Administration
Agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human 
Services which is responsible for protecting and promoting 
the nation’s health www.fda.gov
FVOCI 
Fair value through other comprehensive income 
Financial assets at FVPL 
Financial assets to be measured subsequently at fair value 
through profit or loss 
Financial assets at FVOCI 
Financial assets to be measured subsequently at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
Financial one-off items 
Gains and losses arising upon the sale of non-current 
financial assets (other than derivatives and reimbursement 
rights with respect to defined benefit plans) as well as 
impairment losses accounted for on these financial assets are 
considered as financial one-off items
GHG emissions
Greenhouse gas emissions
Head-to-head study
Clinical trial that compares one treatment to another to 
determine which is more effective 
HSE
Health, safety, environment
HSWB
Health, safety and wellbeing 
HTA
Health technology assessment
ILO 
International Labour Organization
IP
Intellectual property
IROs
Impacts, risks and opportunities
ISO 14001
Internationally recognized standard for environmental 
management systems 
KPIs
Key performance indicators
LEED
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design sustainability 
certification to assess the environmental performance of 
buildings
Like-for-like
Adjustments to 2025 revenue related to the contribution to 
topline from divestments (proceeds and net sales) and 
Minzasolmin termination
LMI
Low- and middle-income
LTI 
Long-Term Incentives aim at motivating and retaining key 
talent over a period of at least three years. At UCB, this 
includes stock awards, stock options and performance shares
Market authorization
The granting of a license for a medicine to be sold, based on 
a reviewal and assessment of the evidence put forward to 
prove the efficacy, quality and safety of the product
NCI 
Non-controlling interest 
Net dividend
The amount a shareholder of UCB will receive after principal 
deduction of Belgian withholding tax, which is currently 30%. 
Lower withholding tax rates may be applicable for certain 
categories of investors.
Net financial cash(-)/debt 
Non-current and current borrowings, bonds and bank 
overdrafts less available for sale debt securities, restricted 
cash deposit with respect to financial lease agreements, cash 
and cash equivalents 
OCI 
Other comprehensive income 
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 288
Glossary continued

[page 289]
OLE
Open-label extension 
One-tier governance model
A governance model in which a company is administered by 
a single body, the Board of Directors, which may include 
executive and non-executive directors (as opposed to a dual-
tier governance structure which is based on a supervisory 
board composed of non-executive members and a 
management board composed of executive members). The 
one-tier governance model does not preclude the Board of 
Directors from delegating specific management powers to a 
factual body, such as the Executive Committee in the case of 
UCB.
OpEx
Operating expenses
Organic cash flow
Total cash flow generated by the Company, excluding 
dividends paid to shareholders as well as outgoing cash for 
acquisitions of subsidiaries and incoming cash from 
divestment of business units or subsidiaries and sale of 
financial investments
Patient numbers
2025 patient numbers are calculated using the Moving 
Annual Total (MAT) patients (Estimated Actual Treated) at the 
end of Q3 2025 as provided with input data from an external 
source. For growth drivers BIMZELX®, FINTEPLA®, 
RYSTIGGO® and ZILBRYSQ®, the most recent global active 
patients are reported. The total patient number gathers 
people who have accessed the following solutions: 
BIMZELX®, BRIVIACT®, CIMZIA®, EVENITY®, FINTEPLA®, 
KEPPRA®, RYSTIGGO®, VIMPAT® and ZILBRYSQ®.
PFAS
Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances
PMDA
Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (Japan)
PPAs
Power Purchase Agreements
Proof-of-concept
An early-stage clinical trial to gather preliminary data on the 
drug’s efficacy, safety and optimal dosage 
PSP 
Performance Share Plan which awards a grant of UCB 
common stock to qualifying executives. The awards vest 
three years after grant, pending certain conditions, including 
meeting pre-established Company-wide targets. 
SASB/Sustainability Accounting Standards Board 
SASB Standards help companies disclose relevant 
sustainability information to their investors. As of August 2022, 
the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) of the 
IFRS Foundation assumed responsibility for the SASB 
Standards. 
SBTi – Science Based Targets initiative 
The Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) is a joint initiative 
by the United Nations, the Carbon Disclosure Project, the 
World Resources Institute and the World Wide Fund for 
Nature (WWF). It supports organizations with setting climate 
targets in line with the COP21 climate summit in Paris. 
Shareholders’ equity
Net worth of a company, calculated as the total assets minus 
total liabilities
SOPs
Standard operating procedures
TTA/Time to Access 
Time to Access, i.e., the number of days it takes for a country 
to progress from the market authorization of a medication to 
obtain a negotiated reimbursement listing (national level) for 
that medication or to a negotiated managed access program 
Value-based pricing
A "value-based approach to pricing" is based on the principle 
that prices should reflect the value of a new medicine to 
patients, health systems and society versus the current 
standard of care. 
Weighted average number of ordinary shares
Number of ordinary shares outstanding at the beginning of a 
given period, adjusted by the number of shares bought back 
or issued during the period, multiplied by a time-weighting 
factor 
Working capital 
Includes inventories, trade and other receivables and trade 
and other payables, both due within and after 12 months
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 289
Glossary continued

[page 290]
Forward-Looking Statement Integrated Annual Report
This document contains forward-looking statements, 
including, without limitation, statements containing the words 
“potential”, “believes”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “plans”, 
“seeks”, “estimates”, “may”, “will”, “continue” and similar 
expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on 
current plans, estimates and beliefs of management. All 
statements, other than statements of historical facts, are 
statements that could be deemed forward-looking 
statements, including estimates of revenues, operating 
margins, capital expenditures, cash, other financial 
information, expected legal, arbitration, political, regulatory or 
clinical results or practices and other such estimates and 
results. By their nature, such forward-looking statements are 
not guaranteeing future performance and are subject to 
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions 
which might cause the actual results, financial condition, 
performance or achievements of UCB, or industry results, to 
be materially different from any future results, performance or 
achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements contained in this document. 
Important factors that could result in such differences include 
but are not limited to: global spread and impacts of wars, 
pandemics and terrorism, the general geopolitical 
environment, climate change, changes in general economic, 
business and competitive conditions, the inability to obtain 
necessary regulatory approvals or to obtain them on 
acceptable terms or within expected timing, costs associated 
with research and development, changes in the prospects for 
products in the pipeline or under development by UCB, 
effects of future judicial decisions or governmental 
investigations, safety, quality, data integrity or manufacturing 
issues, supply chain disruption and business continuity risks, 
potential or actual data security and data privacy breaches, or 
disruptions of our information technology systems, product 
liability claims, challenges to patent protection for products or 
product candidates, competition from other products 
including biosimilars or disruptive technologies/business 
models, changes in laws or regulations, exchange rate 
fluctuations, changes or uncertainties in tax laws or the 
administration of such laws and hiring, retention and 
compliance of its employees. There is no guarantee that new 
product candidates will be discovered or identified in the 
pipeline, or that new indications for existing products will be 
developed and approved. Movement from concept to 
commercial product is uncertain; preclinical results do not 
guarantee safety and efficacy of product candidates in 
humans. 
So far, the complexity of the human body cannot be 
reproduced in computer models, cell culture systems or 
animal models. The length of the timing to complete clinical 
trials and to get regulatory approval for product marketing has 
varied in the past and UCB expects similar unpredictability 
going forward. Products or potential products which are the 
subject of partnerships, joint ventures or licensing 
collaborations may be subject to disputes between the 
partners or may prove to be not as safe, effective or 
commercially successful as UCB may have believed at the 
start of such partnership. UCB’s efforts to acquire other 
products or companies and to integrate the operations of 
such acquired companies may not be as successful as UCB 
may have believed at the moment of acquisition. Also, UCB 
or others could discover safety, side effects or manufacturing 
problems with its products and/or devices after they are 
marketed. The discovery of significant problems with a 
product similar to one of UCB’s products that implicate an 
entire class of products may have a material adverse effect on 
sales of the entire class of affected products. Moreover, sales 
may be impacted by international and domestic trends 
toward managed care and healthcare cost containment, 
including pricing pressure, political and public scrutiny, 
customer and prescriber patterns or practices, and the 
reimbursement policies imposed by third-party payers as well 
as legislation affecting biopharmaceutical pricing and 
reimbursement activities and outcomes. Finally, a breakdown, 
cyberattack or information security breach could 
compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of 
UCB’s data and systems.
Given these uncertainties, the public is cautioned not to place 
any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 
These forward-looking statements are made only as of the 
date of this document, and do not reflect any potential 
impacts from the evolving event or risk as mentioned above 
as well as any other adversity, unless indicated otherwise. The 
Company continues to follow developments diligently to 
assess the financial significance of these events, as the case 
may be, to UCB.
UCB expressly disclaims any obligation to update any 
forward-looking statements in this document, either to 
confirm the actual results or to report or reflect any change in 
its forward-looking statements with regard thereto or any 
change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any 
such statement is based, unless such statement is required 
pursuant to applicable laws and regulations.
Strategic Report Sustainability Statement Corporate Governance Statement Financial Statements Accounting for Value UCB Integrated Annual Report 2025 290


[page 291]
Report language 
Pursuant to Belgian Law, UCB is required to prepare its 
Integrated Annual Report in French and Dutch. UCB has also 
made this report available in English. 
Availability of the Integrated Annual Report  
The Integrated Annual Report is available on the investor 
website of UCB (www.ucb.com/investors). Other information 
on the website of UCB or on any other website does not 
form part of this Integrated Annual Report.
Financial calendar  
April 30, 2026 Annual General Meeting 
July 30, 2026 Half-year financial results 
Contact
Investor Relations 
Antje Witte 
Head of Investor Relations  
E-mail: investor-relations@ucb.com  
antje.witte@ucb.com
Sahar Yazdian 
Investor Relations Lead 
E-mail: Sahar.Yazdian@ucb.com
Communications
Gwendoline Ornigg 
Head of Global Corporate Communication 
E-mail: gwendoline.ornigg@ucb.com
Sustainability
Veronique Toully  
Head of Sustainability, Corporate Affairs and Risk  
E-mail: veronique.toully@ucb.com 
UCB
Allée de la Recherche, 60 – 1070 Brussels, Belgium, 
Tel.: +32.2.559.99.99 – Fax:+32.2.559.99.00
 VAT BE0403.053.608 
www.ucb.com  
© 2025 UCB, Belgium. All rights reserved
ucb.com
Designed and produced by Black Sun Global. 
A Positive Change Group company. 

[page 292]
ucb.com
© UCB Biopharma SRL, 2026.
All rights reserved. GL-07-2600002
Date of preparation: February 2026