# AIB Group plc (A5G.IR)
# primary source: aib-climate-transition-plan-final.pdf  (38 pages)

[page 1]
For the life 
you’re after
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan

[page 2]
Welcome to our 
Climate Transition Plan
This Climate Transition Plan looks to bring 
together all elements of our evidence-based 
climate journey into a blueprint for action for 
the coming years. It charts how we can achieve 
our ambitions, based on our record, our resolve 
and the systems we have in place.
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan

[page 3]
Introduction to our transition planning 
journey and this Climate Transition Plan 02
Foreword from our Chief Executive Officer 03
Our Climate Transition Plan at a glance 04
Overview of climate transition planning 06
Our transition planning journey so far 08
Foundations of our Climate Transition Plan 10
Strategic ambition 11
Integration with the business model and value chain 12
ESG risks associated with the transition 15
Implementation and engagement strategy 17
Overview of implementation and engagement strategy 18
Levers and accompanying actions to achieve our 
decarbonisation ambition 19
Enablers in place to realise decarbonisation ambition 23
Financial planning 25
Metrics and targets 26
Overview of metrics and targets 27
Governance, business and operational metrics 
and targets 27
Financial metrics and targets 27
GHG metrics and targets 28
Additional metrics and targets under consideration 30
Excluded activities 30
Governance 31
Overview of AIB’s sustainability governance structures 32
Oversight, management and accountability for the 
Climate Transition Plan 33
Skills, competencies, training and culture 33
Incentives and remuneration 33
Next steps in transition planning 34
Appendices 35
Appendix 1 – Glossary 35
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 01

[page 4]
Introduction
Our transition planning journey  
and this Climate Transition Plan
03 Foreword from our 
Chief Executive Officer
04 Our Climate Transition Plan 
at a glance
06 Overview of climate 
transition planning
08 Our transition planning 
journey so far
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 02

[page 5]
Foreword from our Chief Executive Officer
This first Climate Transition 
Plan charts how we can 
achieve our ambitions, 
based on our research, our 
record, our resolve and the 
responsible systems we have 
put in place”
A blueprint for further action
Greening our business is one of AIB’s three strategic priorities and sustainability is at the 
heart of everything we do. This is AIB’s first stand-alone Climate Transition Plan, which brings 
together all the elements of our evidence-based climate journey so far into one consolidated, 
forward-looking blueprint for action for the coming years.
Since 2016, when we started on our sustainability journey, we have 
set out a bold ambition to decarbonise our operations and our 
lending portfolio. We were the first bank in the world to put in place 
validated and internationally recognised Science Based Targets 
initiative (SBTi) maintenance targets for our electricity generation 
portfolio and we also have put in place SBTi emissions reduction 
targets for our other key loan portfolios. 
This foundation gives us clarity on our future direction. Against current 
uncertainties, AIB is fast-tracking our transition to decarbonisation. 
As a more sustainable organisation we believe we will not only thrive 
economically, we will also contribute positively to society and reduce 
our impact on the environment, helping to ensure a better future 
for everyone.
Conversely, not acting on sustainability and climate – not having 
a plan – makes acting on everything else that matters to us, like 
health, housing, education or equality, much harder to achieve. 
This Climate Transition Plan also comes at a critical juncture, half-way 
through what the UN has called the ‘Decade of Action’ for sustainable 
solutions to some of the world’s biggest challenges. The financial 
sector has a pivotal role to play in enabling this transition, given the 
scale of investment needed.
We take this responsibility seriously at every level of the organisation. 
Our governance framework provides watertight oversight and 
ownership of the Group’s sustainability strategy and the management 
of Impacts, Risks and Opportunities (IROs) at Board and 
Executive levels. 
Our ambition is that 70% of AIB’s lending will be green or transition 
by 2030 and we are well over half-way to reaching our green and 
transition lending target of €30bn. In addition, we have continued 
to raise funds for the transition through green and social bonds, 
giving us the proceeds to support even more sustainable and social 
impact projects. 
This first Climate Transition Plan charts how we can achieve our 
ambitions, based on our research, our record, our resolve and the 
responsible systems we have put in place. 
It shows that sustainability isn’t a side project at AIB. It’s our strategy 
for a better future.
Colin Hunt
Chief Executive Officer
1. Decade of Action | United Nations Development Programme .
Colin Hunt, Chief Executive Officer
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 03

[page 6]
Our Climate Transition Plan at a glance
Ambition & 
Commitments 
AIB became the first Irish bank to make 
decarbonisation commitments
Commitment to decarbonise our own operations by 2030 and our customer 
lending portfolio by 2050
Set SBTi-approved financed emissions targets for 75% of our loan book
Read more on p23
Levers & Actions  
to Achieve Ambitions 
Providing green and 
transition financing to 
support climate action
Read more on p19
Offering green products 
and propositions to meet 
customers’ needs
Read more on p20
Read more on p21
Enablers (supporting measures)
Educating
Educating our customers 
and our colleagues on their 
sustainability journeys
Policies and frameworks 
guiding our Climate 
Transition Plan
Read more on p23
Read more on p24
Collaboration
Collaboration, partnership 
and thought leadership to 
support change
Engaging with 
our value chain
Read more on p23
Read more on p24
Scope 1 and 2  
GHG emissions 
Reducing our direct emissions
GHG Scope 3  
financed emissions 
Reducing the emissions of our  
value chain
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 04

[page 7]
Our Climate Transition Plan at a glance continued
Metrics and Targets
Increase the annual sourcing 
of renewable electricity to
100%
by 2030 from a 2019 baseline of 1%
Read more on p28
Target of 
70%
of new lending classified as 
green and transition by 2030
Read more on p27
Read more on p27
Target to deploy
€30bn
of green and transition lending by 2030
Corporate  
Portfolio Coverage
Target to increase to 
54% loan volumes covered 
by emission targets
by 2030 from  
a 12% baseline
Electricity 
Generation
Maintain target 
of 21g CO 2/kWh 
or below 21g CO2/kWh
Residential 
Mortgages
Target of 58% 
reduction in emissions 
intensity required by 2030 
Commercial 
Real Estate
Target of 67% 
reduction in emissions 
intensity required by 2030
Read more on p29Read more on p29Read more on p29 Read more on p29
Reduce absolute Scope 1 
GHG emissions by
34%
by 2027
Read more on p28
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 05

[page 8]
Overview of climate transition planning
Over the past decade, governments around the world have committed to decarbonise 
by reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions to zero, or close to zero, by mid-century.
High Ambitions. Global Challenges 
& Uncertainty.
The path to decarbonisation was never going to be linear. 
However, challenges have arisen in recent years and progress 
globally towards the Paris Agreement is lagging behind targets, 
with consequences for society and for the environment. Our own 
progress towards decarbonisation targets in our portfolios is 
broadly on track and we are increasing the comprehensiveness 
of our approach.
Despite targets, global agreements and nationally declared 
ambitions, the United Nations Environment Programme’s (UNEP) 
2024 Emissions Gap Report indicates that GHG emissions have 
reached unprecedented levels, with projections suggesting 
a potential global temperature rise of 3.1°C by the end of the century 
if current policies persist. This trajectory significantly exceeds the 
1.5°C target set by the Paris Agreement, highlighting the need for 
immediate and substantial actions to reduce emissions. 3 In Ireland, 
a recent report by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) 
indicates that Ireland is also significantly off track for its 2030 
climate targets. 4
Cleaner Energy. Smarter Lending. 
Real Impact.
While challenges exist, there is also a lot of progress happening 
across the globe, particularly with regard to the increasing investment 
and deployment of renewable energy, which can power a lower-
carbon economic model.
The financial sector has a pivotal role to play in enabling the 
transition to a more sustainable economy, given the scale of 
investment required. Governments cannot make the transition 
alone and financial institutions can support the realisation of national 
emission reduction targets in different ways: investing in renewable 
energy projects; financing energy efficiency measures such as 
retrofitting homes or commercial buildings; providing competitive 
loans to enable businesses and households to make the switch to 
a low-carbon economy; and supporting and advising customers 
as sustainability leaders.
The Irish Government’s Climate Action Plan (CAP) underscores 
the importance of the financial sector’s positioning and has said 
previously that there must be a “focus on steering investments 
towards sustainable and green initiatives, away from those 
inconsistent with Ireland’s emission ceilings”.5
Focus on steering 
investments towards 
sustainable and green 
initiatives, away from 
those inconsistent with 
Ireland’s emission ceilings”
Ireland’s Climate Action and Low Carbon Development (Amendment) 
Act 20212 set the country on a binding path to decarbonisation by 
2050 and a 51% reduction in emissions by the end of this decade, 
in line with EU commitments. The Act provided the framework for 
annual Climate Action Plans, economy-wide carbon budgets, sectoral 
emissions ceilings, and national strategies in areas from offshore 
wind to biodiversity, to meet our commitments.
The UK jurisdiction, within which AIB also operates, has a similar 
strategy and targets in place. Collectively, these strategies outline 
approaches to reduce emissions across the economy and provide 
guidance on supporting the transition through innovation, green 
investments and embedding sustainability ambitions.
3.1°C
projected global 
temperature rise
1.5°C
target set by the 
Paris Agreement
2. Climate Action and Low Carbon Development (Amendment) Bill 2021.
3. Climate Action Plan 2025.
4. EPA Projections Show Ireland off Track for 2030 Climate Targets | Environmental Protection Agency.
5. Climate Action Plan 2024.
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 06

[page 9]
Overview of climate transition planning continued
Measurement means management
It is in this context that AIB embarked on our own transition planning 
journey for climate mitigation. Our emissions targets span our most 
material sectors, and we will continue to decarbonise across all 
sectors on our loan book in line with the Government’s CAP. 
However, to do this effectively and as quickly as possible, we need 
a clear action plan.
Our first stand-alone Climate Transition Plan will help our journey. 
It brings all elements of our climate-focused transition planning 
journey to date into one consolidated and forward-focused plan for 
future action. This is based on a strong foundation of measurement, 
evidence, transparency and disclosure, with a clear eye on what 
must happen next.
Over the coming pages, we outline our strategic ambitions; 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks associated with 
transitioning and how we will manage them; levers and enablers in 
place to realise our decarbonisation ambitions; our metrics and 
targets across governance, operations and finance; and how we will 
ensure oversight, management and accountability for this Climate 
Transition Plan.
In this way, we aim to reach our important sustainability Key 
Performance Indicators (KPIs) and maintain a leading sustainability 
role, so we can support and empower more people to build a more 
sustainable future.
Governance is the driver
Materiality assessment is central to all our plans. This means that 
we assess what is most important to our sustainability strategy and 
business to guide the transition for our five key sectors – Energy, 
Transport, Housing, Food/Agri Manufacturing and Agriculture.
Our governance framework provides oversight and ownership of the 
Group’s sustainability strategy and the management of material IROs 
at Board and Executive levels.
In addition, management of Climate & Environmental (C&E) Risk 
is embedded into our organisational structure and governance 
processes. AIB uses thresholds to support management of material 
C&E Risks, with a clear approach for credit management of risks that 
are, or likely to become, material, including customer due diligence. 
C&E Risk is embedded into broader risk management activities 
including consideration of Operational Risk, Market Risk and 
Reputational Risks. Capital adequacy for C&E Risks is considered as 
part of our Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP).
We are internationally recognised as a sustainability business 
and banking leader, strengthened by our range of international 
commitments, partnerships and ratings record from agencies 
like Morningstar Sustainalytics, Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) 
or S&P.
Empowering people to build a sustainable future
AIB is playing a leading role in accelerating the transition to a lower carbon economy and society
Rapidly reduce emissions
Supporting businesses and 
households to decarbonise
Effective 
climate 
governance
Decarbonising 
our own 
operations
Mobilise and utilise capital for 
green infrastructure
Financing social infrastructure 
and investing in innovation
C&E risk 
management
In-house 
research 
and data 
expertise
Leave nobody behind
Acting responsibly with 
integrity and transparency
Employee 
engagement 
and training
Partnerships 
and advocacy 
for progress
Transparency 
and disclosures
What needs to happen globally and locally
How is AIB driving the transition
Making it happen
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 07

[page 10]
Our transition planning journey so far
Through our purpose of empowering people to build a sustainable future, we are committed 
to building long-term resilience and sustainability for our business, economy and society. 
We want to ensure that our stakeholders are aware of our decarbonisation ambition to 
transition to a sustainable future and we will support them to join us on this journey.
We’re aligned with global banking best practice and the Paris Agreement target to limit the global average temperature increase to 
1.5°C above pre-industrial levels. In doing so, we have a number of validated targets in place for our key sectors through the SBTi.
Decarbonisation 
Journey
€3.3bn
in green and transition 
lending in 2022
€3.7bn
in green and transition  
lending in 2023
€5.1bn
in green and transition  
lending in 2024
€4.65bn
Since 2020, AIB has issued six 
Green Bonds, totalling €4.65bn
Totalling
€1.5bn
Issued two Green Bonds
Successful launch of the 
Strategic Banking Corporation 
of Ireland (SBCI) Energy Efficient 
Loan Scheme
Signed the Virtual Power 
Purchase Agreement (VPPA) 
to support our energy needs
Covered
75%
of the lending portfolio as of 2021 
SBTi-validated targets for Residential 
Mortgages, Commercial Real Estate, 
Electricity Generation and a Portfolio 
Coverage Target
Acquired Clearstream (a corporate 
climate and sustainability services 
provider) to enable us to further 
support our customers in 
their transition
AIB Raised
€750m
during 2023 by issuing its fifth  
Green Bond
35% of new lending was classified 
as green or transition
€16.6bn of green and transition lending 
has been deployed since 2019
Began purchasing certified renewable 
energy via two newly constructed solar 
farms in Co. Wexford
Launched a strategic investment 
programme in our network, investing 
in a range of upgrades to branches 
and ATMs
€2.67bn
The Socially Responsible Investment 
Bond Portfolio reached €2.67bn
2022 2023 2024
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 08

[page 11]
Sustainability leader
We began reducing our own operational emissions in 2016 and, 
in 2020, AIB became the first Irish bank to make decarbonisation 
commitments, including our commitment to decarbonise our 
own operations by 2030 and our customer lending portfolios 
by 2050.
We launched our green mortgage product in 2019. We have set 
SBTi-validated targets for 75% of our loan book and in April 2023 
were the first bank in the world to receive SBTi-approved 
maintenance targets for electricity generation. AIB was the first 
Irish bank to enter the Green Bond market in 2019 and, in 2020, 
we were the first Irish Bank to issue a Green Bond, for €1bn.
Our transition planning journey so far continued
Beyond environment and climate
We know that sustainability extends beyond the environment – 
it’s about social progression and resilient, transparent governance.
We put people at the centre of everything we do by ensuring that 
our colleagues feel supported and empowered at work, with strong 
gender balance and universal inclusion. We promote financial 
wellbeing by continually adapting our services and products to meet 
the needs of all our customers throughout their life stages. We are 
also supporting more people to have a home: 52% of our mortgages 
in 2024 were green and €2.7bn in new lending in 2024 went to first 
time buyers in Ireland.
We support communities through our AIB Community €1 Million 
Fund. Please read more about our impact in the community and 
an overview of the initiatives we’re funding and supporting at  
https://aib.ie/sustainability.
Established AIB’s 
Sustainability Academy, 
a hub for ESG learning, 
research and training 
support for all colleagues
Developed our ‘SME Steps 
to Sustainability’, a go-to 
resource for SME businesses, 
designed to guide them to 
take sustainable action
AIB launched new shorter-
term green mortgage 
products with rates starting 
from 3% for higher energy 
efficient homes. The launch 
of these new Green Fixed 
Rates followed a number 
of cuts to mortgage rates 
by AIB Group throughout 
the year
Developed our new 
Transition Finance 
Guidance to enhance 
our transition finance 
proposition for our 
corporate and 
business customers
Announced that we will 
invest over €20m in 
sustainability education 
and research, with €10m 
allocated to a new AIB 
Trinity Climate Hub in 
Trinity College Dublin 
and a €10m commitment 
as a founding partner of 
Innovate for Ireland
2024 2030
Decarbonise our own 
operations across 
Scope 1 and 2 
emissions by 2030
SBTi-validated  
target
75%
of lending  
portfolio
Ambition
70%
of new lending to be  
green and transition  
by 2030
2050
Decarbonise  
our customer 
lending portfolio
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 09

[page 12]
Foundations  
of our Climate 
Transition Plan
11 Strategic ambition
12 Integration with the business 
model and value chain
15 ESG risks associated 
with the transition
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 10

[page 13]
Strategic ambition
Overarching business strategy
In recent years, our sustainability strategy has helped to guide the transition planning journey in AIB. 
This sustainability strategy is integrated with our overall Group strategy. It aligns with AIB’s three strategic 
areas of focus, which place an enhanced focus on serving our customers across the Group, greening our 
business, and driving greater operational efficiency and resilience. It is also embedded within the financial 
planning process (detailed further in the ‘Financial planning’ section).
Customer First
We will develop deeper, more 
enduring relationships with our 
customers by better serving their 
financial needs through 
integrated propositions.
Greening our Business
We will mobilise capital to 
support climate action, be 
a catalyst for positive change  
and continue to build on our 
sustainability leadership.
Operational Efficiency  
& Resilience
We will ensure the appropriate 
capability, capacity and resilient 
platforms are in place to support 
the Group’s strategic ambition.
Three strategic areas of focus
Strategic ambition of this 
Climate Transition Plan
Through our Climate Transition Plan, we aim to realise 
our 2030 and 2050 sustainability ambitions, which will 
further the transition towards a low-GHG emissions, 
climate-resilient economy. 
It details how we will pursue our objectives and priorities, 
in a manner that tries to capture opportunities and aspires 
to safeguard the natural environment. 
This Climate Transition Plan forms part of our sustainability 
reporting suite, which also includes our Annual Financial Report 
(AFR) Sustainability Statement , our Sustainability Disclosures 
Tables and our Pillar 3 reporting .
As a financial institution, we also have a role to play in combatting 
climate change through our lending and investment activities, 
recognising that significant investments are required globally to 
finance the green transition. The implementation of our strategy 
is supported by our operating segments:
We continue to support the low-carbon transition, empowering 
people to build a sustainable future, and have made ambitious 
commitments to play a central role in supporting our customers, 
colleagues, and many other stakeholders on this journey. 
Retail Banking
AIB UK
Capital Markets
Climate Capital
Key assumptions and external factors
Many decarbonisation levers in our lending portfolio (such 
as Government policy and the speed with which the electricity 
grid transitions to renewables) are outside our direct control 
and so we do not expect to make linear progress towards our 
targets each year. 
For example, when setting decarbonisation reference 
scenarios and targets for our Commercial Real Estate and 
Residential Mortgages portfolios, we have relied on the 
projections set out in the Irish Government’s Climate Action 
Plan regarding building stock shifts from C+ rated properties 
to A- or B- rated properties through obsolescence, new 
builds and retrofit. We have also considered the projected 
decarbonisation of the Irish energy grid and the decrease 
in building energy-related emissions. We also recognise the 
challenges of implementing our strategy due to the evolving 
policy landscape, stringent regulatory requirements, ESG data 
limitations and the global struggle to stay on track for limiting 
long-term global warming to 1.5°C.
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 11

[page 14]
Integration with the business model and value chain
1. While AIB supports all 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), we believe we can make the most sustained and scalable impact in those listed above.
Our ambition is to be a catalyst for 
positive change, building long-term value 
for stakeholders while protecting our planet 
and contributing to a better society. 
In achieving this, our sustainability ambitions are to decarbonise our 
own operations by 2030 and our customer lending portfolio by 2050.
Elements of our business model and value chain interconnect with 
our sustainability strategy. The nature of our business means that 
we have a complex value chain: it encompasses a range of activities 
and stakeholder relationships, which we rely on to provide banking 
products and services, but extends beyond direct contractual 
business relationships. For example, in our role as a lender we have 
direct relationships with our personal and business customers. 
Our Sustainability Strategy
ESG strategic 
pillars
  Climate & 
environmental 
action
  Societal &  
workforce  
progress
  Governance &  
responsible 
business
Our purpose
Empowering people to build a sustainable future
Guided by our  
ESG principles
by providing responsible 
green finance, investments and 
advice to drive structural change 
and support the transition to 
a low-carbon future
by maximising positive outcomes 
for customers and colleagues, 
helping build a brighter and 
a more prosperous future for all
by acting responsibly, with 
integrity and transparency, 
while embedding sustainability 
capabilities and measures
Our material 
sustainability 
topics (as per 
ESRS reporting)
 Climate change   Financial  
wellbeing
 Housing
  Own workforce 
(Equal treatment & 
opportunities for all)
  Governance, ethics  
& accountability
 Culture & reputation
  Cyber security & 
data protection
ESRS E1 – Climate change ESRS S4 –  Consumers &  
end-users
ESRS S3 –  Affected communities
ESRS S1 – Own workforce 
ESRS G1 – Business conduct
Alignment with  
UN SDGs1
     
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 12

[page 15]
Our investors
Suppliers of  
our clients
 
Clients of  
our clients
Our suppliers
Regulators
 
Our business 
customers
Our personal 
customers
Society and 
community
Our own operations  
and own workforce
Integration with the business model and value chain continued
In addition to considering our sustainability strategy in the context 
of our Group strategy, it is also worth noting elements of our 
business model and value chain which are interconnected with 
our sustainability strategy.
AIB Group operates predominantly in Ireland and the United 
Kingdom. Our shares are quoted on the Irish and London stock 
exchanges, and we are a member of the FTSE4Good Index. Our four 
core operating segments are Retail Banking, Capital Markets, Climate 
Capital and AIB UK, while our brands encompass AIB, EBS, Haven, 
Goodbody, Payzone, AIB Life and Nifti.
Our value chain encompasses a range of activities and stakeholder 
relationships, which we rely on to provide banking products and 
services. We’ve identified our key stakeholder groups along the 
upstream, own operations and downstream of our value chain.
Our business customers have their own value chains, through 
which we may be associated with impacts on wider society and the 
environment. As an employer, we have a direct relationship with our 
own workforce, who are part of our own operations; as a regulated 
business, funded by debt and equity, and as a procurer of goods and 
services, we are connected to stakeholders in our upstream value 
chain, such as our regulators, investors and suppliers.
Our value creation model depends on inputs across our three 
strategic priorities, including key intangible resources such as brand 
reputation, employee expertise, intellectual property, and technology 
innovation. These key intangible resources drive strong relationships 
with our customers and other stakeholders. By leveraging these 
key intangible resources, we strive to empower people to build 
a sustainable future, while driving our business growth and 
competitive advantage.
Value chain key:
 Direct relationships
 Indirect relationships
 Direct and indirect relationships
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 13

[page 16]
With three strategic areas of focus
Customer  
first
Greening our  
business
Operational efficiency  
& resilience
Inputs include the resources and relationships we rely on to operate our business and deliver value for our stakeholders 1
€110bn
Customer accounts
236
170 AIB branches and 66 EBS offices in ROI
€30bn
Green and transition lending by 2030
100%
Sourcing of renewable energy  
for our own operations by 2030
10,469
Employees (actual full-time equivalent)
€4.93bn
Total operating income2
Outcomes include the longer-lasting impacts and benefits for our stakeholders
Developing deeper, more enduring 
relationships with our customers by better 
serving their financial needs through 
integrated propositions. 
 Know our customers
 Respond to their needs
 Deliver service excellence 
 Invest for the future
Mobilising capital to support climate 
action, being a catalyst for positive 
change and continuing to build on our 
sustainability leadership.
 Grow green 
 Support transition
  Enable sustainable practices
 Educate and innovate
Ensuring the appropriate capability, 
capacity and resilient platform are 
in place to support the Group’s 
strategic ambition.
 Resource efficiency 
 Process efficiency
 Measure and manage
 Harness new technology
Outputs include the results our business activities create for our stakeholders
€14.5bn
New lending
2.27m
Digitally active customers
€16.6bn
Cumulative green and transition lending by 
end of FY2024
84%
of renewable energy achieved from VPPAs
89%
People satisfaction rate (H2 2024)
10.33%
Cyber security spending of overall IT spend
Our business model includes the activities, products and services through which we deliver value for our stakeholders
Our purpose 
Empowering people 
to build a sustainable 
future
Our Values
• Put customers first
• Be one team
• Show respect
• Own the outcome
• Drive progress
• Eliminate complexity
Our operating 
segments
• Retail Banking
• Capital Markets
• Climate Capital
• AIB UK
Our material topics
• Climate change
• Own workforce (Equal 
treatment & 
opportunities for all)
• Housing
• Financial wellbeing 
• Governance, ethics  
& accountability
• Culture & reputation
• Cyber security &  
data protection
Supported by our 
relationships with key 
stakeholders across the 
value chain
• Our customers
• Our colleagues
• Our investors
• Our suppliers
• Regulators
• Society and community
Integration with the business model and value chain continued
The diagram below includes a non-exhaustive list of the key inputs that we rely on to deliver value for our stakeholders, in the form of outputs 
and outcomes.
1. Figures included are for FY2024.
2. The figure used for Total Operating income is sourced from the Financial Statements section of the AFR.
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 14

[page 17]
Risks associated with the transition
Through our purpose of empowering 
people to build a sustainable future, we are 
committed to building long-term resilience 
and sustainability for our business, economy 
and society. 
This will enable us to realise our ambitions of decarbonising across 
our Scope 1 and 2 emissions, meeting our target for 70% of new 
lending to be green or transition by 2030, and our 2050 ambition 
to decarbonise our customer lending portfolio.
Before detailing the implementation roadmap for this Climate 
Transition Plan, it is important to note elements relating to 
risks that have the potential to impact the realisation of our 
decarbonisation ambition.
As part of the overarching risk management process described in 
the Risk Management section of our Annual Report from page 179 , 
AIB identifies top and emerging risks that have the potential to 
increase in significance and could have a material impact on the 
Group’s strategy, operations and customers over the short, medium 
and long term. Climate & Environmental Risk is identified as a 
Principal Risk for the Group through the risk management processes 
such as the MRA, and climate change is also identified as a material 
topic through our Double Materiality Assessment (DMA) process, 
from both an impact and financial materiality perspective.
Climate and Environmental Risk
AIB has a robust approach to risk management and in FY2024 
identified ten Principal Risks across our business, one of which 
is Climate & Environmental (C&E) Risk.
C&E Risk encompasses the financial and non-financial impacts on 
the Group arising from climate change, environmental change and 
the transition to a sustainable economy. These risks can affect the 
Group directly through our operations, or indirectly through our 
relationships with customers and third party suppliers.
Articulation of the Group’s C&E Risk appetite and tolerance is 
expressed through the qualitative statements about the nature and 
type of risk that the Group is willing to accept, as well as quantitative 
Risk Appetite Statement (RAS) metrics that define the range of 
acceptable risk. Qualitative statements and quantitative metrics are 
linked to material C&E Risk drivers as identified through the Group’s 
materiality assessment. The 2024 materiality assessment showed 
that the main impacts are expected to materialise in the areas of 
Credit Risk and Operational Risk. This has been reflected in the 
development of RAS metrics.
C&E Risk RAS metrics for 2025 include three C&E qualitative 
statements that help articulate appropriate areas of climate-related 
risk appetite. In addition to this, for 2025 the Group approved six new 
quantitative C&E RAS metrics, ensuring coverage across physical, 
transition and environmental risks (bringing the total number of 
C&E-related metrics to nine). We’ve cascaded RAS metrics to 
segments and subsidiaries as appropriate.
• Material Risk Assessment (MRA): an annual top-down process 
to identify, assess, manage, monitor and report upon our material 
risks in line with our Risk Management Framework. It forms a key 
input into our risk management processes, including the RAS.
• Risk and Control Assessment (RCA) process: a detailed bottom-up 
risk assessment identifying the risks arising from the Group’s 
processes and business activities.
• Our other risk management processes include the Internal Capital 
Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) and the Internal Liquidity 
Adequacy Assessment Process (ILAAP): both consider climate-
related factors in assessing capital adequacy and liquidity adequacy.
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 15

[page 18]
Managing C&E Risk 
AIB conducts a number of exercises to analyse C&E Risk. These 
include: Business Environment Scan, RCAs, C&E Risk Heatmaps, 
Sector Deep Dives, Transmission Channel Analysis and Climate 
Stress Tests as part of ICAAP.
We also conduct scenario analysis relating to future possible climate 
change outcomes, which includes quantitative forecasts for short- 
and long-term transition and physical risk. 
Transmission Channel Analysis is completed annually and is used 
to analyse how different C&E Risk drivers transmit through micro 
and macroeconomic factors and impact the Group’s material risks. 
These are broken down into physical and transition risks categories, 
as follows:
• Climate (Physical Risk) – Includes flooding, rising sea levels 
and heatwaves/droughts.
• Environmental (Physical Risk) – Includes water availability, 
biodiversity and raw material availability.
• Climate (Transition Risk) – Includes consumer and investor 
behaviour, regulatory requirements, litigation and 
technological improvements.
• Environmental (Transition Risk) – Includes enhanced regulations.
The risk drivers are informed by the business environment scan.
As an official supporter of the Task Force on Climate-Related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD), we provide details on Transition and 
Physical Risk in our AFR (a key TCFD metric).
• Physical risk: Flood risk is our most significant acute and chronic 
physical risk, and we have developed initial metrics to better 
understand this risk for our property-related exposure. These 
metrics support the tracking of physical risk for our key property 
portfolios. Our approach is subject to further evolution based on 
industry developments and supervisory and regulatory expectations.
• Transition risk: we require the completion of an ESG Questionnaire 
for all new lending over €/£/$1m in high and moderate transition 
risk sectors, and for all annual borrower reviews with an exposure 
over €/£/$10m in high and moderate transition risk sectors. We 
also require a completed ESG Questionnaire for material waiver 
requests for borrowers with limits over €/£/$1m in high transition 
risk sectors.
Our risk management process outcomes are an important input 
factor in our DMA process and inform the alignment and calibration 
of results. We work continuously to integrate our DMA process, 
including identifying risks and opportunities, in our overall planning, 
risk management and internal controls.
1. We manage these risks through our C&E Risk Framework as detailed in the AFR.
Double Materiality Assessment
The DMA process is the starting point for preparing our Sustainability 
Statement, which is reported annually within our AFR. It is carried out 
to identify and assess our material sustainability matters from an 
impact and financial materiality perspective.
• Impact materiality: we define impacts as the positive or negative 
effects we have or could have on people and the environment, 
connected with our own operations and our upstream and 
downstream value chains across the short, medium or long term. 
We’ve linked impacts to our products and services, as well as to 
our direct and indirect business relationships, for example through 
our clients’ value chains.
• Financial materiality: we define risks and opportunities as the 
financial effects that affect, or could reasonably be expected to 
affect, our financial position, financial performance, cash flows, 
access to finance or cost of capital over the short, medium and 
long term.
As a result of our DMA, we identified seven material topics and 
corresponding impacts, risks and opportunities (IROs). Our material 
topic climate change has two such risks. 
• Physical climate-related risks can have a negative financial impact 
on the Group. These risks can arise from extreme events such as 
droughts, floods and storms, and from progressive shifts such as 
increasing temperatures, sea level rises, water stress, biodiversity 
loss, land use change, habitat destruction and resource scarcity. 
This can directly result in negative outcomes, such as damage to 
property or reduced productivity, or indirectly lead to outcomes 
such as the disruption of the Group’s supply chains.1
• Transition climate-related risks are also a threat. These risks can 
arise from the process of transitioning to a lower-carbon and more 
environmentally sustainable economy. They could be triggered by 
technological progress, changes in laws or regulations, or changes 
in customer demands and preferences. 1
A full list of IROs can be found in our Annual Financial Report for 
FY2024 from page 59.
Risks associated with the transition continued
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 16

[page 19]
19
Levers and accompanying 
actions to achieve our 
decarbonisation ambition
18 Overview of implementation 
and engagement strategy
23 Enablers in place to realise 
decarbonisation ambition
25 Financial planning
Implementation 
and engagement 
strategy
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 17

[page 20]
We have made good progress towards our decarbonisation ambition in recent years, driven by 
a number of our decarbonisation levers and accompanying transition actions.
Supporting measures (enablers) enable the implementation of our levers and actions, which together will continue to be the primary drivers 
to help us meet our 2030 and 2050 ambitions, reduce our exposure to C&E Risk and support the transition to a more sustainable economy.
Providing green and transition 
financing to support climate action
Educating our customers and our colleagues 
on their sustainability journeys
Offering green products and propositions 
to meet customers’ needs
Engaging with our value chain
Reducing our direct emissions  
(Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions)
Collaboration, partnership and thought leadership 
to support change
Reducing the emissions of our value chain  
(GHG Scope 3 financed emissions)
Policies and frameworks guiding our Climate 
Transition Plan
See page 19
See page 23
See page 20
See page 23
See page 21
See page 24
See page 21
See page 24
Levers
Enablers
Overview of implementation and engagement strategy
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 18

[page 21]
Levers and accompanying actions to 
achieve our decarbonisation ambition 
Action: Provide sustainability-related financing through green and transition lending
Details Overview of what AIB has done so far Action priorities 
Establish and 
deploy green and 
transition lending
Our green and transition lending supports customers 
to reduce emissions and help make a positive 
environmental impact. We aim to lead by example and 
to support customers along their transition pathways 
by financing energy efficiency measures and providing 
loans to businesses and individuals transitioning to 
a low-carbon economy.
Between 2019 and 2024, €16.6bn was deployed, of which 
€5.1bn was drawn down in 2024*.
Continued deployment in green and transition lending, 
supported by our green products and propositions, will 
keep AIB on track to meet our cumulative drawdown target 
of €30bn by 2030.
€30bn
2030 target of a cumulative drawdown
* See the ‘Metrics and targets’ section for further details regarding new green and transition lending.
Action: Providing bond offerings that contribute towards financing
Details Overview of what AIB has done so far Action priorities 
Issue ESG Bonds In recent years, the Group’s ESG Bond issuance has 
supported €6.4bn of green and social collateral. Of the 
€6.4bn in ESG Bonds issued to date (to the end of FY2024), 
€4.65bn of these were Green Bonds.
Contribute proceeds to financing projects with clear 
environmental and climate action benefits, while further 
strengthening our capital position.
Issue Socially 
Responsible 
Investment 
(SRI) Bond
Our SRI Bond portfolio funds domestic and international 
projects aimed at global sustainability, carbon emissions 
reduction and social improvement.
AIB promotes and supports the transition to a more 
sustainable global economy and contributes to positive 
environmental and social change via investment in green, 
social and sustainable bonds.
The SRI Bond portfolio reached
€2.67bn
at year-end 2024
Providing green and transition financing to support climate action
Recognising the importance of climate finance in funding the 
transition, we’ve rapidly grown our green lending portfolio and have 
established a Climate Capital segment. Established in 2024, Climate 
Capital enhances our capability, supports business growth, and 
demonstrates our position as a driving force in the transition to 
a sustainable future.
Climate Capital is a fast-growing segment of our lending book. 
With a strong focus on renewable energy assets that displace fossil 
fuel-fired generating assets, it is helping to deploy our €30bn goal in 
new green and transition lending and plays a key role in underpinning 
our Green Bond offerings.
We plan to provide green and transition financing to support climate 
action through the following:
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 19

[page 22]
We want to encourage our customers on their transition journey. 
We do this by providing a range of products and services that will 
enable our customers to reduce their own carbon emissions and help 
AIB deliver its purpose of empowering people to build a sustainable 
Action: Products that enable greener homes
Details Overview of what AIB has done so far Action priorities 
Green mortgages, 
with favourable 
interest rates 
available for 
energy efficient 
homes
All three entities of AIB, EBS and Haven provide green 
mortgages for homes with a Building Energy Rating (BER) 
of between A1 and B3 to new, existing and switcher 
mortgage customers.
The majority (52%) of our new mortgage lending in Ireland 
was to energy efficient homes in 2024, underpinned by the 
launch of two new green fixed rate mortgage products and 
a range of green mortgage rate reductions.
We will continue to offer competitive green mortgages to 
homes with an A1 and B3 BER.
Participating in 
the Home Energy 
Upgrade Loan 
Scheme (HEULS)
In 2024, the Government, in partnership with the Strategic 
Banking Corporation of Ireland (SBCI), launched the new 
low-cost HEULS for homeowners.
AIB is one of the finance providers approved to participate 
in HEULS. Through this, customers can borrow between 
€5,000 and €75,000 per property, for up to three 
properties, up to a maximum of €225,000 in total. 
Furthermore, up to 25% of the loan can be used for 
non-energy upgrades.
HEULS will be available up to 31 December 2026 or until 
the scheme is fully subscribed.
Action: Products that enable greener businesses
Details Overview of what AIB has done so far Action priorities 
Two loans 
through the 
Growth and 
Sustainability 
Loan Scheme
Through work with the SBCI, we offer the Growth and 
Sustainability Loan Scheme, which is a long-term, low-cost 
loan scheme to support our customers in business and 
agriculture. There are two loans offered under the scheme, 
the Climate Action & Environmental Loan and the Growth 
& Resilience Loan. 
Both loans will continue to be offered in 2025.
In addition, we support SMEs through our Steps to Sustainability 
Programme, an accessible, online guide to help businesses develop 
a tailored sustainability plan. We also provide specific help and 
sustainability expertise through our advisers in communities around 
the country, as well as a practical online course and sector specific 
guides which delve deeper into the actions that businesses in 
different sectors can take to green their business and save money.
Access Steps to Sustainability Programme
future. In this regard, AIB has a suite of green products and 
propositions that support our customers in building a sustainable 
future, including the following:
Levers and accompanying actions to achieve our decarbonisation ambition 
continued
Offering green products and propositions to meet customers’ needs
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 20

[page 23]
In 2020, we announced an ambition to decarbonise our own 
operations by 2030. This target is relative and measured as 
a percentage reduction in emissions. We measure and report our 
operational emissions according to the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, 
where we cover Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions (see the ‘Metrics 
and targets’ section for further details regarding Scope 1 and Scope 2 
progress). Our strategy to decarbonise our own operations by 2030 
spans key implementation actions:
Levers and accompanying actions to achieve our decarbonisation ambition 
continued
Action: Sourcing renewable energy
Details Overview of what AIB has done so far Action priorities 
VPPA with NTR 
plc to create 
solar farms in 
Co. Wexford
In 2022, we entered into a VPPA with NTR plc to create 
two new solar farms in Co. Wexford to replace electricity 
previously purchased on green tariffs. The agreement also 
ensures that the Group has a sustainable and secure 
energy supply at a fixed price for 15 years and will continue 
to reduce our operational carbon emissions.
In 2024, 84% of AIB’s own electrical energy needs was 
produced from these solar farms.
These two solar farms are delivering certified renewable 
energy to the Group. This will be instrumental in meeting 
our renewable electricity sourcing target of 100% by 2030.
Action: Greener branches refurbishment programme
Details Overview of what AIB has done so far Action priorities 
Investment in our 
branch network
We are continuously upgrading our branch and office 
buildings to improve their energy efficiency, for example 
by investing in our branch network through the Greener 
Branches Refurbishments Programme.
Continue to invest in our Greener Branches 
Refurbishments Programme in 2025.
These actions have supported us in reducing our Scope 1 emissions and in greening our Scope 2 emissions.
100%
renewable electricity 
sourcing target  
by 2030
Reducing our direct emissions (Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions)
In 2020, we set a financed emissions target to decarbonise our 
customer lending portfolio (Scope 3 GHG emissions) by 2050. 
For this, we have set financed emissions reduction targets, based 
on a 2021 baseline for our three most material sectors – Residential 
Mortgages, Commercial Real Estate (CRE) and Electricity Generation 
– which are the loan portfolios with the highest transition risk. 
In addition to the above financed emissions targets, we also have 
a Corporate Portfolio Coverage target, an engagement target, which 
aims to drive the adoption of science-based targets and emissions 
reductions across all sectors. Further details of these are as follows 
(also note the ‘Metrics and targets’ section beginning on page 26):
Reducing the emissions of our value chain (GHG Scope 3 financed emissions)
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 21

[page 24]
Action: Reducing residential mortgage emissions intensity
Details Overview of what AIB has done so far Action priorities 
Reducing 
residential 
mortgage 
emissions 
intensity
In 2021, we established a baseline physical emissions intensity 
of 40 kgCO 2e/m² for our Residential Mortgages portfolio, using the 
International Energy Agency (IEA) 2021 NZE2050 1.5°C SDA Scenario 
to reduce our mortgage portfolio GHG emissions 58% per square 
metre by 2030 from a 2021 base year.
In 2024, the physical emissions intensity of our Residential Mortgages 
portfolio decreased by approximately 5.6%, compared with our 2021 
baseline. Total lending within our Residential Mortgages portfolio 
was €36.3bn in 2024, representing 51% of the Group’s total lending.
AIB remains committed to investing 
in residential mortgage products and 
propositions to support the achievement 
of our targets.
Action: Reducing CRE emissions intensity
Details Overview of what AIB has done so far Action priorities 
Reducing CRE 
emissions 
intensity
In 2021, we established a baseline physical emissions intensity of 135 
kgCO2e/m², using the IEA 2021 NZE2050 1.5°C SDA Scenario to reduce 
GHG emissions from the CRE sector within our corporate loan portfolio 
by 67% per square metre by 2030 from a 2021 base year.
Throughout 2024, we undertook a process to enhance the quality 
of our data, which resulted in revising our 2021 baseline from 
135 kgCO 2e/m² to 116 kgCO2e/m², while maintaining our current IEA 
pathway. In 2024, our CRE portfolio accounted for 8% of the Group’s 
total lending, with total lending at €5.6bn. In 2024, the physical 
emissions intensity of our CRE portfolio reduced by approximately 
8% compared with our 2021 restated baseline.
We will continue to invest in green products 
and propositions which support the 
achievement of our targets.
Action: Maintain Electricity Generation emissions at or below 21 gCO²e/kWh
Details Overview of what AIB has done so far Action priorities 
Reduce Electricity 
Generation 
emissions
In 2021, we established our baseline maintenance target to maintain 
the emissions intensity of our electricity generation project finance 
portfolio at or below 21 gCO ²e/kWh from 2021 through 2030 and 
only finance 1.5°C aligned electricity generation projects.
Since setting our maintenance target, waste to energy has been 
excluded from the Electricity Generation target scope, following 
bilateral guidance received from the SBTi. This is primarily due to the 
fact that waste-to-energy facilities are not based on fossil fuels, and 
electricity generation is not their main purpose or revenue source. 
Consequently, the baseline emissions intensity decreased significantly 
from 21g CO2e/kWh to 0.01 gCO2e/kWh. Note that, financed emissions 
related to waste to energy will continue to be tracked against our 
maintenance target internally. In 2024, the portfolio was 5% of total 
lending €3.6bn with an emissions intensity of 0.97 gCO 2e/kWh.
We are committed to maintaining 
the emissions intensity level of the Electricity 
Generation portfolio below 21 gCO 2e/kWh 
through 2030 by keeping the portfolio focused 
on renewable electricity generation projects.
Action: Increasing Corporate Portfolio Coverage
Details Overview of what AIB has done so far Action priorities 
Increase 
Corporate 
Portfolio 
Coverage
Our Corporate Portfolio Coverage target considers large corporations 
with >500 employees that have SBTi-validated targets. In 2021, 
we established a target to increase our corporate portfolio loan 
volumes covered by emission targets from 12% to 54% by 2030 
from a 2021 baseline.
In 2024, we increased our Corporate Portfolio Coverage to 27%.
The percentage of customers with SBTi-
validated targets set is expected to increase 
in the coming years, as new regulations 
around transition plan disclosures come into 
force. Key sectors should decarbonise in line 
with the Government’s Climate Action Plan 
2024, and corporate customers with >500 
employees are expected to set their own 
emissions targets in the medium term.
We expect these actions will help us to achieve our financed emission reduction targets, as well as reducing C&E Risk, and support the 
transition to a more sustainable economy.
Levers and accompanying actions to achieve our decarbonisation ambition 
continued
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 22

[page 25]
Enablers in place to realise decarbonisation ambition
Our ambition is to be a catalyst for positive change, building long-term value for stakeholders 
while protecting our planet and contributing to a better society. To support the levers we have 
in place, we also have a number of supporting measures or enablers as described below.
Through our commitment to building long-term resilience and sustainability for our business, economy and society, we want to ensure that 
our stakeholders are aware of our decarbonisation ambitions and join us on our journey.
Engagement with all our stakeholders is a high priority. Stakeholder views, interests and expectations are integral to our strategy and business 
model, and the Board considers them in all its deliberations. To understand our stakeholders’ views and best serve their interests, we engage 
through regular engagement channels, including due diligence processes, as well as through industry representative groups. Throughout 
2024, the Board engaged directly with key stakeholders, including our colleagues, customers, suppliers, investors, regulators and the wider 
society and community, and the Board received management reports and updates on stakeholder matters.
We believe that educating customers is central to supporting their 
transition. We have dedicated educational resources on our website, 
to support our customers in building a more sustainable future, 
such as Sector Sustainability Guides  and the AIB Green Living Hub . 
Additionally, we have developed an ‘SME Steps to Sustainability’ 
resource for SME businesses, following conversations with SME 
customers and in partnership with AIB colleagues and Goodbody 
Clearstream supporting SMEs.
For our colleagues, we offer Continuing Professional Development 
(CPD) Certificates on ESG, accredited by the Institute of Bankers 
(IOB), such as ‘Understanding ESG for Business Customers’, which 
empowers our client-facing colleagues to act and builds their ESG 
knowledge. Our colleagues have access to the AIB Sustainability 
Academy, a hub for all ESG learning, signposting sustainability 
resources and education opportunities. It aligns with our purpose 
to empower colleagues to build a sustainable future, and equips them 
to more effectively engage with and support customers and suppliers 
as they navigate their sustainability journey.
Educating our customers and our colleagues on their sustainability journeys
Engaging with our value chain
Supplier Relationship Management (SRM) standard:
Our SRM standard encapsulates best practice SRM, which promotes 
mutually beneficial relationships, coupled with effective risk 
management, to deliver the following objectives:
• Identifying where to focus SRM resources to maximise the benefit 
for us.
• Introducing a consistent and systematic approach to SRM across AIB.
• Encouraging cross-functional communication and knowledge 
sharing to drive productive supplier relationships.
• Applying best practice SRM techniques through practical approaches 
and relevant training for Accountable and Business Owners, such as 
recent training on their obligations under changing regulations.
In November 2024, we welcomed our top 100 suppliers to a 
Supplier Summit in Molesworth Street. The purpose of the Summit was 
to strengthen collaboration, align our suppliers with our purpose, and 
reinforce their critical role in helping us achieve our strategic goals across 
‘Customer first’, ‘Greening our business’ and ‘Operational efficiency’.
Responsible Supplier Code:
Our Responsible Supplier Code sets out our expectations of our suppliers 
and the minimum standards they must meet regarding human rights, 
health and safety, supply chains, inclusion and diversity, and responsible 
and sustainable business. The Code uses the term ‘Supplier’ to refer 
to the suppliers, vendors, contractors, consultants, agents and other 
providers of goods and services who do business with us, or who seek 
to do business with us as part of our upstream value chain. We will only 
do business with suppliers that adhere to our Code. We require evidence 
that they have an ESG plan or are working on putting one in place, and 
require all successful suppliers to join a Supplier Financial Qualification 
System, which provides a standardised process for collecting and 
managing their compliance and assurance information. We also 
encourage our suppliers to report their carbon emissions through the 
CDP. In 2024, the number of suppliers who participated in reporting to 
the CDP was 65, which represented 50% of the AIB suppliers invited.
Supplier ESG Questionnaire:
In this regard, ESG factors are increasingly important for our own 
performance, and for our relationships with suppliers. The ESG 
Questionnaire covers a broad range of ESG areas, and requires 
responses and evidence from suppliers on their:
• journey to establishing or achieving their decarbonisation targets;
• annual sustainability reports;
• Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions;
• consideration of physical risks from climate change;
• policies on discrimination, inclusion & diversity, health & safety, 
modern slavery, vulnerable persons, greenwashing and speaking up;
• Code of Conduct and their Responsible Supplier Code for their 
own supply chain; and
• commitment to ongoing ESG-related training in their organisation.
By engaging with our suppliers through the ESG Questionnaire during 
the selection process, we benefit in the following ways:
1. Aligning our Values and expectations
Asking suppliers to complete an ESG Questionnaire communicates 
our ESG standards and expectations to them, and ensures that we 
work with partners that share our Values. This can help to build trust 
and reputation, and avoid potential conflicts or controversies.
2. Identifying risks and opportunities
The Questionnaire helps us to assess the ESG performance and risks 
of our suppliers and their supply chains, such as their environmental 
impact, social responsibility, human rights, labour practices, ethics and 
governance. This helps us to identify and mitigate ESG risks, such as 
regulatory fines, reputational damage, operational disruptions or legal 
liabilities. It also helps us to identify and leverage ESG opportunities, such 
as innovation, cost savings, customer loyalty or market differentiation.
3. Providing a baseline and a roadmap
The Questionnaire provides a baseline for measuring and monitoring 
suppliers’ ESG performance and progress, as well as a roadmap for 
improvement. By using a standardised ESG Questionnaire, we can 
benchmark and compare our suppliers, and track their ESG 
performance over time. It also allows us to provide feedback and 
guidance to our suppliers and encourages them to adopt best 
practices and achieve continuous improvement.
Suppliers Portal:
Our Suppliers Portal creates transparency by providing information 
on how to become a supplier. It includes our policies, procedures and 
our standard terms of purchase, which explains our payment terms 
for suppliers.
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 23

[page 26]
Enablers in place to realise decarbonisation ambition continued
We publish reports on our website of research carried out, such 
as the AIB Homes Retrofit Report, which highlights retrofit options, 
generous grants and competitively priced loans available to 
consumers wishing to improve their homes’ energy efficiency. 
We also participate in and provide thought leadership and 
knowledge-sharing sessions. We have an annual AIB Sustainability 
Conference, which has been in operation since 2016 and which has 
grown in scale year-on-year. AIB’s customer panel discussions also 
provide an opportunity for our customers and other attendees to 
understand how they can act, regardless of size or industry, and 
be part of the solution.
AIB will continue to support transition efforts that are aligned 
with our strategy and decarbonisation ambitions and engage 
with organisations to ensure that we can support positive change. 
To help drive this agenda, we have joined a multitude of voluntary 
organisations, including the CDP, SBTi, Net Zero Banking Alliance 
(NZBA), UN Global Compact and World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development (WBCSD).
To support our decarbonisation transition, we have two primary 
sustainable financing frameworks in place:
• The Sustainable Lending Framework (SLF) provides transparency 
on the criteria that we employ when classifying and reporting on 
green, transition and social lending, to help us achieve our ambition 
that 70% of new lending should be green or transition by 2030.
• The Green Bond Framework (GBF) enables AIB to fund projects 
that support climate change mitigation and the transition to 
a circular economy.
As well as the above, AIB has a number of supporting internal policies 
to manage this transition:
• Our Group Energy Policy outlines how we conduct our business 
and operations as energy efficiently as possible, striving to achieve 
continual improvement in our energy performance and Energy 
Management System.
• Our Group Environmental Policy aims to support us to meet 
our current needs without compromising the ability of future 
generations to meet their own needs. The policy also commits 
us to supporting initiatives aimed at mitigating, adapting or 
responding to climate change.
These polices and frameworks help in ensuring that there is 
appropriate accountability in place as we aim to meet our 
decarbonisation ambition.
The overarching policy that plays a significant role in the 
management of C&E Risks in AIB is the C&E Risk Policy. This sets 
out how AIB Group defines, manages, mitigates and measures C&E 
Risk (physical and transition) and details the roles and responsibilities 
for identifying, assessing, managing, monitoring, reporting and 
overseeing C&E Risk. This policy is a component part of the C&E 
Risk Framework and has been prepared in line with the Group’s 
Risk Policy Governance Framework (PGF) requirements.
Collaboration, partnership and thought leadership to support change
Policies and frameworks guiding our Climate Transition Plan
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 24

[page 27]
Financial planning
We consider the financial impact associated with our 
decarbonisation strategy as part of our business and 
financial planning, ensuring that our strategy and 
business model are compatible with the transition to 
a sustainable economy and are in line with the Paris 
Agreement aim to limit global warming to 1.5°C.”
In line with our Group strategic priorities, new green and transition lending in 2024 was 
€5.1bn, bringing the total drawdown in green and transition lending to €16.6bn. 
We achieved this through continued growth in green finance, 
delivered by robust performance in mortgages to energy efficient 
homes, green mortgage products and lending for green buildings, 
and renewable energy projects. We plan to steadily increase new 
green and transition lending to reach our target of 70% of all new 
lending by 2030.
We consider the financial impact associated with our decarbonisation 
strategy as part of our business and financial planning, ensuring that 
our strategy and business model are compatible with the transition 
to a sustainable economy and are in line with the Paris Agreement 
aim to limit global warming to 1.5°C. We require each AIB business 
area to consider how meeting our targets will impact projected 
revenues, costs and margins.
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 25

[page 28]
Metrics 
and targets
27 Overview of metrics 
and targets
27
Governance, business 
and operational metrics 
and targets
27 Financial metrics  
and targets
30 Excluded activities
28 GHG metrics and targets
30 Additional metrics and 
targets under consideration
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 26

[page 29]
Overview of metrics and targets
Financial metrics and targets
We are driving positive change through our 
ambition to decarbonise our own operations 
by 2030 and our customer lending portfolio  
by 2050, while protecting our planet and 
contributing to society. We are also aiming  
for 70% of our new lending to be green or 
transition by 2030. 
Progress towards our targets will also help us mitigate C&E Risks and 
reach our decarbonisation ambition, which is part of our overall 
strategy and embedded in our financial planning process.
To support our transition planning and help achieve our objectives, 
we have established a range of metrics related to climate and 
environmental action:
• Governance, business and operational metrics and targets
• Financial metrics and targets
• GHG emissions metrics and targets
• Own operations targets (including Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions)
• Financed emissions targets (including Scope 3, Category 15 
GHG emissions)
• Additional metrics and targets
We publish our progress against metrics and targets in our AFR 
and integrate our performance measures into our Sustainability 
Dashboard, Strategic Outcomes Report, Chief Financial Officer 
(CFO) and Chief Risk Officer (CRO) reports and Group Sustainability 
Committee (GSC) reporting.
This ambition and the accompanying metrics and targets, as detailed 
below, take into account the overall Group strategy and are 
embedded in our financial planning process.
Governance, business  
and operational metrics 
and targets
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) monitor the C&E Risk drivers 
aligned to the C&E materiality assessment. The materiality 
assessment focuses efforts on managing C&E Risks with particular 
regard to Credit and Operational Risk. These are reported and 
monitored via the Strategic Outcome Report, Sustainability 
Dashboard and Executive Committee Scorecards. The KPIs are 
cascaded to business lines and subsidiaries as appropriate. The KPIs 
sit on the Sustainability Dashboard, roll up into the Strategic 
Outcomes Report and cascade to the ELT Scorecards. The Group 
actively monitors the progress of achieving the Board-approved 
sustainability targets via the Sustainability Dashboard. The metrics 
contained in the dashboard are reported in the CRO report, to the 
GSC and the Sustainable Business Advisory Committee (SBAC).
Additionally, further work is being undertaken regarding environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) risk management across the Group. 
This is a detailed process that will be documented within our internal 
Prudential Transition Planning Document to be considered in 2025 
in line with EBA Guidelines on the management of ESG risk.
METRIC: Green and transition lending drawdown
  Amount of new green and  
transition lending 
€16.6bn 
Against the cumulative green and transition 
lending target of €30bn by 2030
We measure our total cumulative drawdown in green and transition 
lending over the period of 2019-2030. Our definition of green and 
transition lending adheres to criteria outlined in the Sustainable 
Lending Framework.
The target for this metric is a cumulative target of €30bn by 2030. 
€16.6bn has been deployed between 2019 and 2024.
METRIC: % of new lending classified as green and transition
  % of new lending in 2024 that is  
classified as green and transition
35% 
Target 70% by 2030
Delivering for our customers whilst steering finance towards green 
and transition activities is an important way in which we can support 
the transition to a more sustainable future. Our validated SBTi targets 
set a trajectory linked to our green lending ambition and science-
based target requirements.
Over time, we will steadily increase our new sustainable lending 
activities to reach 70% green and transition lending by 2030. 35% 
of new lending was classified as green and transition in 2024.
To realise our green and transition customer lending ambition, we have the following metrics and targets:
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 27

[page 30]
GHG metrics and targets
Our own operating emissions targets: 
Scopes 1 and 2
METRIC: Scope 1 emissions reduction
Our SBTi-validated interim target is to reduce absolute Scope 1 GHG 
emissions by 34% by 2027, using a 2019 baseline of 4,784 tCO 2e. 
In 2024, our cumulative reduction in Scope 1 emissions was 40%.
METRIC: Scope 2 emissions
For Scope 2 emissions, due to the nature of our business, we have 
set an SBTi-validated target to increase our annual sourcing of 
renewable electricity needs. In this regard, our Scope 2 target is to 
increase the annual sourcing of renewable electricity to 100% by 
2030, from a 2019 baseline of 1%. We are enabling progress through 
energy produced from the solar farms in Co. Wexford, starting in 
February 2024 through our VPPA with NTR plc.
Financed emissions targets
Our GHG metrics and targets will help to drive the realisation 
of our strategic and sustainability ambitions, with progress reported 
in our AFR.
To steer our business to more sustainable financing activities, 
our SBTi-validated targets set a 1.5°C trajectory linked to our green 
lending ambition and science-based target requirements. Across 
our portfolio, our SBTi-validated targets use physical emissions 
intensity and engagement metrics, in line with the SBTi’s Sectoral 
Decarbonisation Approach (SDA) and Portfolio Coverage Approach 
(PCA) best practice target-setting methodologies. We set SDA and 
PCA targets aligned to the 1.5°C scenario for 75% of our loan book 
in 2021. In 2023, our targets were validated by the SBTi. We were the 
first bank globally to have an Electricity Generation maintenance 
target validated by the SBTi. Across our portfolio, our SBTi-validated 
targets use physical emissions intensity and engagement metrics, 
in line with the SBTi’s SDA and PCA best practice target-setting 
methodologies. In addition, we set our targets and baseline 
emissions using the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials 
(PCAF) GHG guidance. The metrics and targets that have been set 
for our financed emissions portfolio are detailed further below.
We do not expect progress against targets to be linear on a year-
on-year basis, given the reliance on external factors such as policy, 
regulation, market trends and consumer behaviours. We measure, 
track and disclose progress as per our SBTi commitments.
In 2024, working closely with key stakeholders from relevant 
business areas across AIB through internal workshops and regular 
communication, we reviewed our decarbonisation reference 
scenarios to take account of external factors, the latest climate 
science and internal data enhancements, and to incorporate recent 
inorganic growth by AIB through the acquisitions of new loan books. 
We have made significant progress in setting and reviewing our 
decarbonisation reference scenarios and targets, and we are now 
further maturing the operationalisation of the process across the 
Group to support the climate transition.
In accordance with the SBTi SDA target-setting methodology, we aim 
to roughly halve absolute emissions by 2030 and reduce emissions 
as far as possible by 2050. We are prioritising measuring and 
reducing our emissions as far as possible, as per SBTi best practice. 
Over time, we will develop a carbon removal strategy for remaining 
unavoidable emissions to achieve our decarbonisation ambition.
3 Financed 
emissions progress
Progress against our financed emissions reduction targets is tracking in the right direction versus the 2021 baseline: 
Residential Mortgages: 
Emissions intensity kgCO2e/m2
In 2021, we established a baseline physical emissions intensity of 40 kgCO²e/m² for our Residential 
Mortgages portfolio, utilising the International Energy Agency (IEA) 2021 NZE2050 1.5°C SDA Scenario to 
reduce our mortgage portfolio GHG emissions 58% per square meter by 2030 from a 2021 base year. 
The scope of our target reflects the total lending within our Residential Mortgages portfolio, which was 
€29.4bn in 2021, representing 50% of the Group’s total lending at that time. By 2024, our Residential 
Mortgages portfolio had increased to 51% of the Group’s total lending, with a total of €36.3bn. 
In 2024, the physical emissions intensity of our Residential Mortgages portfolio decreased by approximately 
5.6%, compared to our 2021 baseline. As previously noted, progress against targets is not expected to be 
linear on a year on-year basis given reliance on external factors such as policy, regulation, market trends 
and consumer behaviours. AIB remains committed to investing in residential mortgage products and 
propositions to support the achievement of our targets. 
Commercial Real Estate: 
Emissions intensity kgCO2e/m2
In 2021, we established a baseline physical emissions intensity of 135 kgCO²e/m², utilising the International 
Energy Agency (IEA) 2021 NZE2050 1.5°C SDA Scenario to reduce GHG emissions from the CRE sector 
within its corporate loan portfolio 67% per square meter by 2030 from a 2021 base year. The scope of our 
target reflects the total lending within our CRE portfolio of €5.6bn in 2021, 10% of the Group’s total lending.
Throughout 2024, we undertook a process to enhance the quality of our data alongside our 
decarbonisation models and methodologies, reflecting our commitment to more accurately measure 
emissions. As a result of this effort, we are revising our 2021 baseline from 135 kgCO²e/m² to 116 
kgCO²e/m², while maintaining our current IEA pathway. This adjustment allows us to present a more 
accurate representation of our progress to date, while retaining our emissions reduction target of 67% 
by 2030. In 2024, our CRE portfolio accounted for 8% of the Group’s total lending, with total lending 
at €5.6bn. In 2024, the physical emissions intensity of our CRE portfolio reduced by approximately 
8% compared to our 2021 restated baseline.  
We are competitive in the CRE sector in our home market, with our commitment to sustainability being a 
key differentiator. CRE is also an important sector to us because of the social impact of our business. We 
work with developers and housing schemes and, through the provision of finance, we have a positive social 
impact by increasing the housing supply in Ireland.
Electricity Generation: 
Emissions intensity gCO2e/kWh
AIB’s Electricity Generation portfolio has a significantly low emissions intensity relative to the global average 
for electricity generation (458 gCO2e/kWh in 2024), given the high share of renewable energy assets such 
as offshore wind energy. 
In 2021, we established our baseline maintenance target to maintain the emissions intensity of our 
electricity generation project finance portfolio at or below 21 gCO²e/kWh from 2021 through 2030 and only 
finance 1.5°C aligned electricity generation projects. The scope of our baseline and target reflects the total 
lending within our Electricity Generation portfolio of €1.6bn in 2021, comprising 3% of the Group’s total 
lending. Since setting our maintenance target, waste to energy has been excluded from the Electricity 
Generation target scope, following bilateral guidance received from the SBTi. This is primarily due to the fact 
that waste-to-energy facilities are not based on fossil fuels, and electricity generation is not their main 
purpose or revenue source. Consequently, the baseline emissions intensity decreased significantly from 21 
gCO²e/kWh to 0.01 gCO2e/kWh. Note that, financed emissions related to waste to energy will continue to be 
tracked against our maintenance target internally. In 2024, the portfolio was 5% of total lending €3.6bn with 
an emissions intensity of  0.97gCO2e/kWh.  
We are committed to maintaining the emissions intensity level of the Electricity Generation portfolio below 
21 gCO²e/kWh through 2030 by keeping the portfolio focused on renewable electricity generation projects. 
In addition, we intend to grow AIB’s business in renewable energy infrastructure to support the broader 
transition to a sustainable future.
Corporate Portfolio Coverage: 
% of corporate portfolio aligning with SBTi
Our Corporate Portfolio Coverage target considers large corporations with >500 employees that have SBTi 
validated targets. In 2021, we established a target to increase our corporate portfolio loan volumes covered 
by emission targets from 12% to 54% by 2030 from a 2021 baseline. In 2024, we increased our Corporate 
Portfolio Coverage to 27%.  
The percentage of customers with SBTi-validated targets set is expected to increase in the coming years, 
as new regulations around transition plan disclosures come into force. Key sectors should decarbonise in 
line with the Government’s Climate Action Plan 2024, and corporate customers with >500 employees are 
expected to set their own emissions targets in the medium term. 
Annual 
Review
Business 
Review
Sustainability 
Reporting
Governance 
Report
Risk 
Management
Financial 
Statements
General 
Information
AIB Group plc
Annual Financial Report 2024 74
Decarbonising our Loan Book continued
AIB – projected – IEA 2021 NZE2050 (1.5°)
Actual
0
10
20
30
40
50
2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
AIB – projected – IEA 2021 NZE2050 (1.5°)
Actual
0
25
50
75
100
125
150
2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
AIB Maintenance Target
Actual
Global – projected – IEA 2024 WEO (1.5°)
0
100
200
300
400
500
2021 2025 2030
Corporate Loan Portfolio – Projected
Corporate Loan Portfolio – Actual
0
20
40
60
80
100
2021 2025 2030
3 Financed 
emissions progress
Progress against our financed emissions reduction targets is tracking in the right direction versus the 2021 baseline: 
Residential Mortgages: 
Emissions intensity kgCO2e/m2
In 2021, we established a baseline physical emissions intensity of 40 kgCO²e/m² for our Residential 
Mortgages portfolio, utilising the International Energy Agency (IEA) 2021 NZE2050 1.5°C SDA Scenario to 
reduce our mortgage portfolio GHG emissions 58% per square meter by 2030 from a 2021 base year. 
The scope of our target reflects the total lending within our Residential Mortgages portfolio, which was 
€29.4bn in 2021, representing 50% of the Group’s total lending at that time. By 2024, our Residential 
Mortgages portfolio had increased to 51% of the Group’s total lending, with a total of €36.3bn. 
In 2024, the physical emissions intensity of our Residential Mortgages portfolio decreased by approximately 
5.6%, compared to our 2021 baseline. As previously noted, progress against targets is not expected to be 
linear on a year on-year basis given reliance on external factors such as policy, regulation, market trends 
and consumer behaviours. AIB remains committed to investing in residential mortgage products and 
propositions to support the achievement of our targets. 
Commercial Real Estate: 
Emissions intensity kgCO2e/m2
In 2021, we established a baseline physical emissions intensity of 135 kgCO²e/m², utilising the International 
Energy Agency (IEA) 2021 NZE2050 1.5°C SDA Scenario to reduce GHG emissions from the CRE sector 
within its corporate loan portfolio 67% per square meter by 2030 from a 2021 base year. The scope of our 
target reflects the total lending within our CRE portfolio of €5.6bn in 2021, 10% of the Group’s total lending.
Throughout 2024, we undertook a process to enhance the quality of our data alongside our 
decarbonisation models and methodologies, reflecting our commitment to more accurately measure 
emissions. As a result of this effort, we are revising our 2021 baseline from 135 kgCO²e/m² to 116 
kgCO²e/m², while maintaining our current IEA pathway. This adjustment allows us to present a more 
accurate representation of our progress to date, while retaining our emissions reduction target of 67% 
by 2030. In 2024, our CRE portfolio accounted for 8% of the Group’s total lending, with total lending 
at €5.6bn. In 2024, the physical emissions intensity of our CRE portfolio reduced by approximately 
8% compared to our 2021 restated baseline.  
We are competitive in the CRE sector in our home market, with our commitment to sustainability being a 
key differentiator. CRE is also an important sector to us because of the social impact of our business. We 
work with developers and housing schemes and, through the provision of finance, we have a positive social 
impact by increasing the housing supply in Ireland.
Electricity Generation: 
Emissions intensity gCO2e/kWh
AIB’s Electricity Generation portfolio has a significantly low emissions intensity relative to the global average 
for electricity generation (458 gCO2e/kWh in 2024), given the high share of renewable energy assets such 
as offshore wind energy. 
In 2021, we established our baseline maintenance target to maintain the emissions intensity of our 
electricity generation project finance portfolio at or below 21 gCO²e/kWh from 2021 through 2030 and only 
finance 1.5°C aligned electricity generation projects. The scope of our baseline and target reflects the total 
lending within our Electricity Generation portfolio of €1.6bn in 2021, comprising 3% of the Group’s total 
lending. Since setting our maintenance target, waste to energy has been excluded from the Electricity 
Generation target scope, following bilateral guidance received from the SBTi. This is primarily due to the fact 
that waste-to-energy facilities are not based on fossil fuels, and electricity generation is not their main 
purpose or revenue source. Consequently, the baseline emissions intensity decreased significantly from 21 
gCO²e/kWh to 0.01 gCO2e/kWh. Note that, financed emissions related to waste to energy will continue to be 
tracked against our maintenance target internally. In 2024, the portfolio was 5% of total lending €3.6bn with 
an emissions intensity of  0.97gCO2e/kWh.  
We are committed to maintaining the emissions intensity level of the Electricity Generation portfolio below 
21 gCO²e/kWh through 2030 by keeping the portfolio focused on renewable electricity generation projects. 
In addition, we intend to grow AIB’s business in renewable energy infrastructure to support the broader 
transition to a sustainable future.
Corporate Portfolio Coverage: 
% of corporate portfolio aligning with SBTi
Our Corporate Portfolio Coverage target considers large corporations with >500 employees that have SBTi 
validated targets. In 2021, we established a target to increase our corporate portfolio loan volumes covered 
by emission targets from 12% to 54% by 2030 from a 2021 baseline. In 2024, we increased our Corporate 
Portfolio Coverage to 27%.  
The percentage of customers with SBTi-validated targets set is expected to increase in the coming years, 
as new regulations around transition plan disclosures come into force. Key sectors should decarbonise in 
line with the Government’s Climate Action Plan 2024, and corporate customers with >500 employees are 
expected to set their own emissions targets in the medium term. 
Annual 
Review
Business 
Review
Sustainability 
Reporting
Governance 
Report
Risk 
Management
Financial 
Statements
General 
Information
AIB Group plc
Annual Financial Report 2024 74
Decarbonising our Loan Book continued
AIB – projected – IEA 2021 NZE2050 (1.5°)
Actual
0
10
20
30
40
50
2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
AIB – projected – IEA 2021 NZE2050 (1.5°)
Actual
0
25
50
75
100
125
150
2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
AIB Maintenance T arget
Actual
Global – projected – IEA 2024 WEO (1.5°)
0
100
200
300
400
500
2021 2025 2030
Corporate Loan Portfolio – Projected
Corporate Loan Portfolio – Actual
0
20
40
60
80
100
2021 2025 2030
In 2021, we established a baseline physical emissions intensity 
of 40 kgCO 2e/m² for our Residential Mortgages portfolio, utilising 
the International Energy Agency (IEA) 2021 NZE2050 1.5°C SDA 
Scenario to reduce our mortgage portfolio GHG emissions 58% 
per square metre by 2030 from a 2021 base year.
The scope of our target reflects the total lending within our 
Residential Mortgages portfolio, which was €29.4bn in 2021, 
representing 50% of the Group’s total lending at that time.
Metrics and targets for our financed emissions portfolio are 
detailed below:
Residential Mortgages:  Emissions Intensity kgCO 2e/m2
Commercial Real Estate: Emissions Intensity kgCO 2e/m2
In 2021, we established a baseline physical emissions intensity of 
135 kgCO 2e/m², utilising the International Energy Agency (IEA) 2021 
NZE2050 1.5°C SDA Scenario to reduce GHG emissions from the 
CRE sector within our corporate loan portfolio 67% per square metre 
by 2030, from a 2021 base year.
The scope of our target reflects the total lending within our 
CRE portfolio of €5.6bn in 2021, 10% of the Group’s total lending. 
Throughout 2024, we undertook a process to enhance the quality of 
our data alongside our decarbonisation models and methodologies, 
reflecting our commitment to more accurately measure emissions. 
As a result of this effort, we have revised our 2021 baseline from 
135 kgCO 2e/m² to 116 kgCO2e/m², while maintaining our current 
IEA pathway. This adjustment allows us to present a more accurate 
representation of our progress to date, while retaining our emissions 
reduction target of 67% by 2030.
 
AIB – projected 
– IEA 2021 
NZE2050 (1.5°)
 
Actual
 
AIB – projected 
– IEA 2021 
NZE2050 (1.5°)
 
Actual
Financed emissions portfolio
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 28

[page 31]
GHG metrics and targets continued
Calculations, judgements and estimates
The following are noted as sources of estimation and 
outcome uncertainty:
1. Corporate Portfolio Coverage targets are calculated by 
taking the sum of exposure of the Company, dividing it by 
exposures of all companies in scope (i.e. companies with 
>500 employees) and multiplying this by the SBTi indicator 
(i.e. 1 = SBTi targets, 0 = does not have SBTi targets). The data 
provided to AIB from external sources is confirmation of SBTi 
committed (Y/N) & >500 employees (Y/N) and Exposure (€m).
2. AIB Group Residential Mortgages financed emissions intensity 
targets: Residential Mortgages Portfolio GHG emissions are 
calculated by taking the sum of (Estimated CO 2 emissions 
of property X (Current Loan Outstanding/Original Property 
Value)) divided by the sum of (Floor Area of the Property X 
(Current Loan Outstanding/Original Property Value)). The 
estimations proxy information is: i) Property value: If the 
property value given is less than €20,000, AIB assigns the 
median value of all Residential Mortgages properties greater 
than €20,000. ii) Floor area: When the property floor area is 
unknown regarding the minimum threshold of 20 m 2 or above 
the cap of 500 m2, apply the property area at the property 
sub- type level, calculated from the data provided by the 
Central Statistics Office (CSO). If the property sub-type level 
is unknown, blank, or if property sub-type cannot be mapped 
to CSO property categories, then apply the overall property 
average size. iii) CO2 emissions (BER/EPC): When EPC is 
not known, assign the median of kWh/m 2 and kgCO2/m2 of 
properties by building type. When no other information is 
available, the 75th percentile of kgCO 2/m2 is assigned to the 
Residential Sustainable Energy Authority of Ireland (SEAI) 
BER table. BER/EPC is assigned based on the kWh/m 2 ratio 
vs notional building (methodology used by SEAI).
3. AIB Group CRE Emission Intensity targets: CRE Portfolio GHG 
Emissions are calculated by taking the sum of (Estimated CO 2 
emissions of property X (Current Loan Outstanding/Original 
Property Value)) divided by sum of (Floor Area of the Property 
X (Current Loan Outstanding/Original Property Value)). 
The following Estimations/Proxy Information is used: a) If the 
property value is unknown, AIB assigns average property 
value by property type and sub-type. b) Floor area: A cap of 
88,156 m2 and a minimum threshold of 30 m2 are applied to 
the property floor area, based on the maximum and minimum 
property size registered in the SEAI database for non-
residential buildings. Where CO 2 emissions (BER/EPC) are 
not known, AIB assigns median of kWh/m 2 and kgCO2/m2 
of properties by dwelling type. When this data is unknown, 
AIB assigns the 75th percentile of kgCO 2/m2 from the 
SEAI database.
4. Electricity Generation Maintenance targets: electricity 
production data is based on actuals where data is sourced 
directly from counterparties to understand the emissions 
intensity of our Electricity Generation portfolio. This has 
a very low emissions intensity overall, given the high share 
of renewables. Since the maintenance target was validated 
by the SBTi, Waste to Energy counterparties have been 
de-scoped as per SBTi guidance. The reason for this exclusion 
is that Waste to Energy facilities are not based on fossil fuels.
Electricity Generation:  Emissions Intensity gCO 2e/kWh
Corporate Portfolio Coverage:  
% of corporate portfolio aligning with SBTi
Our Corporate Portfolio Coverage target considers large corporations 
with more than 500 employees that have SBTi-validated targets. 
In 2021, we established a target to increase our corporate portfolio 
loan volumes covered by emission targets from 12% to 54% by 2030, 
from a 2021 baseline.
AIB’s Electricity Generation portfolio has a significantly low emissions 
intensity relative to the global average for electricity generation 
(458 gCO 2e/kWh in 2024), given the high share of renewable energy 
assets such as offshore wind energy. In 2021, we established our 
baseline maintenance target to maintain the emissions intensity of 
our electricity generation project finance portfolio at or below 
21 gCO 2e/kWh from 2021 through 2030 and only finance 1.5°C 
aligned electricity generation projects. The scope of our baseline 
and target reflects the total lending within our Electricity Generation 
portfolio of €1.6bn in 2021, comprising 3% of the Group’s total 
lending. Since setting our maintenance target, waste to energy has 
been excluded from the Electricity Generation target scope, 
following bilateral guidance received from the SBTi. This is primarily 
due to the fact that waste-to-energy facilities are not based on fossil 
fuels, and electricity generation is not their main purpose or revenue 
source. Consequently, the baseline emissions intensity decreased 
significantly from 21 gCO 2e/kWh to 0.01 gCO2e/kWh. Note that, 
financed emissions related to waste to energy will continue to be 
tracked against our maintenance target internally. We are committed 
to maintaining the emissions intensity level of the Electricity 
Generation portfolio below 21 gCO 2e/kWh through 2030 by keeping 
the portfolio focused on renewable electricity generation projects.
3 Financed 
emissions progress
Progress against our financed emissions reduction targets is tracking in the right direction versus the 2021 baseline: 
Residential Mortgages: 
Emissions intensity kgCO2e/m2
In 2021, we established a baseline physical emissions intensity of 40 kgCO²e/m² for our Residential 
Mortgages portfolio, utilising the International Energy Agency (IEA) 2021 NZE2050 1.5°C SDA Scenario to 
reduce our mortgage portfolio GHG emissions 58% per square meter by 2030 from a 2021 base year. 
The scope of our target reflects the total lending within our Residential Mortgages portfolio, which was 
€29.4bn in 2021, representing 50% of the Group’s total lending at that time. By 2024, our Residential 
Mortgages portfolio had increased to 51% of the Group’s total lending, with a total of €36.3bn. 
In 2024, the physical emissions intensity of our Residential Mortgages portfolio decreased by approximately 
5.6%, compared to our 2021 baseline. As previously noted, progress against targets is not expected to be 
linear on a year on-year basis given reliance on external factors such as policy, regulation, market trends 
and consumer behaviours. AIB remains committed to investing in residential mortgage products and 
propositions to support the achievement of our targets. 
Commercial Real Estate: 
Emissions intensity kgCO2e/m2
In 2021, we established a baseline physical emissions intensity of 135 kgCO²e/m², utilising the International 
Energy Agency (IEA) 2021 NZE2050 1.5°C SDA Scenario to reduce GHG emissions from the CRE sector 
within its corporate loan portfolio 67% per square meter by 2030 from a 2021 base year. The scope of our 
target reflects the total lending within our CRE portfolio of €5.6bn in 2021, 10% of the Group’s total lending.
Throughout 2024, we undertook a process to enhance the quality of our data alongside our 
decarbonisation models and methodologies, reflecting our commitment to more accurately measure 
emissions. As a result of this effort, we are revising our 2021 baseline from 135 kgCO²e/m² to 116 
kgCO²e/m², while maintaining our current IEA pathway. This adjustment allows us to present a more 
accurate representation of our progress to date, while retaining our emissions reduction target of 67% 
by 2030. In 2024, our CRE portfolio accounted for 8% of the Group’s total lending, with total lending 
at €5.6bn. In 2024, the physical emissions intensity of our CRE portfolio reduced by approximately 
8% compared to our 2021 restated baseline.  
We are competitive in the CRE sector in our home market, with our commitment to sustainability being a 
key differentiator. CRE is also an important sector to us because of the social impact of our business. We 
work with developers and housing schemes and, through the provision of finance, we have a positive social 
impact by increasing the housing supply in Ireland.
Electricity Generation: 
Emissions intensity gCO2e/kWh
AIB’s Electricity Generation portfolio has a significantly low emissions intensity relative to the global average 
for electricity generation (458 gCO2e/kWh in 2024), given the high share of renewable energy assets such 
as offshore wind energy. 
In 2021, we established our baseline maintenance target to maintain the emissions intensity of our 
electricity generation project finance portfolio at or below 21 gCO²e/kWh from 2021 through 2030 and only 
finance 1.5°C aligned electricity generation projects. The scope of our baseline and target reflects the total 
lending within our Electricity Generation portfolio of €1.6bn in 2021, comprising 3% of the Group’s total 
lending. Since setting our maintenance target, waste to energy has been excluded from the Electricity 
Generation target scope, following bilateral guidance received from the SBTi. This is primarily due to the fact 
that waste-to-energy facilities are not based on fossil fuels, and electricity generation is not their main 
purpose or revenue source. Consequently, the baseline emissions intensity decreased significantly from 21 
gCO²e/kWh to 0.01 gCO2e/kWh. Note that, financed emissions related to waste to energy will continue to be 
tracked against our maintenance target internally. In 2024, the portfolio was 5% of total lending €3.6bn with 
an emissions intensity of  0.97gCO2e/kWh.  
We are committed to maintaining the emissions intensity level of the Electricity Generation portfolio below 
21 gCO²e/kWh through 2030 by keeping the portfolio focused on renewable electricity generation projects. 
In addition, we intend to grow AIB’s business in renewable energy infrastructure to support the broader 
transition to a sustainable future.
Corporate Portfolio Coverage: 
% of corporate portfolio aligning with SBTi
Our Corporate Portfolio Coverage target considers large corporations with >500 employees that have SBTi 
validated targets. In 2021, we established a target to increase our corporate portfolio loan volumes covered 
by emission targets from 12% to 54% by 2030 from a 2021 baseline. In 2024, we increased our Corporate 
Portfolio Coverage to 27%.  
The percentage of customers with SBTi-validated targets set is expected to increase in the coming years, 
as new regulations around transition plan disclosures come into force. Key sectors should decarbonise in 
line with the Government’s Climate Action Plan 2024, and corporate customers with >500 employees are 
expected to set their own emissions targets in the medium term. 
Annual 
Review
Business 
Review
Sustainability 
Reporting
Governance 
Report
Risk 
Management
Financial 
Statements
General 
Information
AIB Group plc
Annual Financial Report 2024 74
Decarbonising our Loan Book continued
AIB – projected – IEA 2021 NZE2050 (1.5°)
Actual
0
10
20
30
40
50
2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
AIB – projected – IEA 2021 NZE2050 (1.5°)
Actual
0
25
50
75
100
125
150
2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
AIB Maintenance Target
Actual
Global – projected – IEA 2024 WEO (1.5°)
0
100
200
300
400
500
2021 2025 2030
Corporate Loan Portfolio – Projected
Corporate Loan Portfolio – Actual
0
20
40
60
80
100
2021 2025 2030
3 Financed 
emissions progress
Progress against our financed emissions reduction targets is tracking in the right direction versus the 2021 baseline: 
Residential Mortgages: 
Emissions intensity kgCO2e/m2
In 2021, we established a baseline physical emissions intensity of 40 kgCO²e/m² for our Residential 
Mortgages portfolio, utilising the International Energy Agency (IEA) 2021 NZE2050 1.5°C SDA Scenario to 
reduce our mortgage portfolio GHG emissions 58% per square meter by 2030 from a 2021 base year. 
The scope of our target reflects the total lending within our Residential Mortgages portfolio, which was 
€29.4bn in 2021, representing 50% of the Group’s total lending at that time. By 2024, our Residential 
Mortgages portfolio had increased to 51% of the Group’s total lending, with a total of €36.3bn. 
In 2024, the physical emissions intensity of our Residential Mortgages portfolio decreased by approximately 
5.6%, compared to our 2021 baseline. As previously noted, progress against targets is not expected to be 
linear on a year on-year basis given reliance on external factors such as policy, regulation, market trends 
and consumer behaviours. AIB remains committed to investing in residential mortgage products and 
propositions to support the achievement of our targets. 
Commercial Real Estate: 
Emissions intensity kgCO2e/m2
In 2021, we established a baseline physical emissions intensity of 135 kgCO²e/m², utilising the International 
Energy Agency (IEA) 2021 NZE2050 1.5°C SDA Scenario to reduce GHG emissions from the CRE sector 
within its corporate loan portfolio 67% per square meter by 2030 from a 2021 base year. The scope of our 
target reflects the total lending within our CRE portfolio of €5.6bn in 2021, 10% of the Group’s total lending.
Throughout 2024, we undertook a process to enhance the quality of our data alongside our 
decarbonisation models and methodologies, reflecting our commitment to more accurately measure 
emissions. As a result of this effort, we are revising our 2021 baseline from 135 kgCO²e/m² to 116 
kgCO²e/m², while maintaining our current IEA pathway. This adjustment allows us to present a more 
accurate representation of our progress to date, while retaining our emissions reduction target of 67% 
by 2030. In 2024, our CRE portfolio accounted for 8% of the Group’s total lending, with total lending 
at €5.6bn. In 2024, the physical emissions intensity of our CRE portfolio reduced by approximately 
8% compared to our 2021 restated baseline.  
We are competitive in the CRE sector in our home market, with our commitment to sustainability being a 
key differentiator. CRE is also an important sector to us because of the social impact of our business. We 
work with developers and housing schemes and, through the provision of finance, we have a positive social 
impact by increasing the housing supply in Ireland.
Electricity Generation: 
Emissions intensity gCO2e/kWh
AIB’s Electricity Generation portfolio has a significantly low emissions intensity relative to the global average 
for electricity generation (458 gCO2e/kWh in 2024), given the high share of renewable energy assets such 
as offshore wind energy. 
In 2021, we established our baseline maintenance target to maintain the emissions intensity of our 
electricity generation project finance portfolio at or below 21 gCO²e/kWh from 2021 through 2030 and only 
finance 1.5°C aligned electricity generation projects. The scope of our baseline and target reflects the total 
lending within our Electricity Generation portfolio of €1.6bn in 2021, comprising 3% of the Group’s total 
lending. Since setting our maintenance target, waste to energy has been excluded from the Electricity 
Generation target scope, following bilateral guidance received from the SBTi. This is primarily due to the fact 
that waste-to-energy facilities are not based on fossil fuels, and electricity generation is not their main 
purpose or revenue source. Consequently, the baseline emissions intensity decreased significantly from 21 
gCO²e/kWh to 0.01 gCO2e/kWh. Note that, financed emissions related to waste to energy will continue to be 
tracked against our maintenance target internally. In 2024, the portfolio was 5% of total lending €3.6bn with 
an emissions intensity of  0.97gCO2e/kWh.  
We are committed to maintaining the emissions intensity level of the Electricity Generation portfolio below 
21 gCO²e/kWh through 2030 by keeping the portfolio focused on renewable electricity generation projects. 
In addition, we intend to grow AIB’s business in renewable energy infrastructure to support the broader 
transition to a sustainable future.
Corporate Portfolio Coverage: 
% of corporate portfolio aligning with SBTi
Our Corporate Portfolio Coverage target considers large corporations with >500 employees that have SBTi 
validated targets. In 2021, we established a target to increase our corporate portfolio loan volumes covered 
by emission targets from 12% to 54% by 2030 from a 2021 baseline. In 2024, we increased our Corporate 
Portfolio Coverage to 27%.  
The percentage of customers with SBTi-validated targets set is expected to increase in the coming years, 
as new regulations around transition plan disclosures come into force. Key sectors should decarbonise in 
line with the Government’s Climate Action Plan 2024, and corporate customers with >500 employees are 
expected to set their own emissions targets in the medium term. 
Annual 
Review
Business 
Review
Sustainability 
Reporting
Governance 
Report
Risk 
Management
Financial 
Statements
General 
Information
AIB Group plc
Annual Financial Report 2024 74
Decarbonising our Loan Book continued
AIB – projected – IEA 2021 NZE2050 (1.5°)
Actual
0
10
20
30
40
50
2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
AIB – projected – IEA 2021 NZE2050 (1.5°)
Actual
0
25
50
75
100
125
150
2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
AIB Maintenance Target
Actual
Global – projected – IEA 2024 WEO (1.5°)
0
100
200
300
400
500
2021 2025 2030
Corporate Loan Portfolio – Projected
Corporate Loan Portfolio – Actual
0
20
40
60
80
100
2021 2025 2030
3 Financed 
emissions progress
Progress against our financed emissions reduction targets is tracking in the right direction versus the 2021 baseline: 
Residential Mortgages: 
Emissions intensity kgCO2e/m2
In 2021, we established a baseline physical emissions intensity of 40 kgCO²e/m² for our Residential 
Mortgages portfolio, utilising the International Energy Agency (IEA) 2021 NZE2050 1.5°C SDA Scenario to 
reduce our mortgage portfolio GHG emissions 58% per square meter by 2030 from a 2021 base year. 
The scope of our target reflects the total lending within our Residential Mortgages portfolio, which was 
€29.4bn in 2021, representing 50% of the Group’s total lending at that time. By 2024, our Residential 
Mortgages portfolio had increased to 51% of the Group’s total lending, with a total of €36.3bn. 
In 2024, the physical emissions intensity of our Residential Mortgages portfolio decreased by approximately 
5.6%, compared to our 2021 baseline. As previously noted, progress against targets is not expected to be 
linear on a year on-year basis given reliance on external factors such as policy, regulation, market trends 
and consumer behaviours. AIB remains committed to investing in residential mortgage products and 
propositions to support the achievement of our targets. 
Commercial Real Estate: 
Emissions intensity kgCO2e/m2
In 2021, we established a baseline physical emissions intensity of 135 kgCO²e/m², utilising the International 
Energy Agency (IEA) 2021 NZE2050 1.5°C SDA Scenario to reduce GHG emissions from the CRE sector 
within its corporate loan portfolio 67% per square meter by 2030 from a 2021 base year. The scope of our 
target reflects the total lending within our CRE portfolio of €5.6bn in 2021, 10% of the Group’s total lending.
Throughout 2024, we undertook a process to enhance the quality of our data alongside our 
decarbonisation models and methodologies, reflecting our commitment to more accurately measure 
emissions. As a result of this effort, we are revising our 2021 baseline from 135 kgCO²e/m² to 116 
kgCO²e/m², while maintaining our current IEA pathway. This adjustment allows us to present a more 
accurate representation of our progress to date, while retaining our emissions reduction target of 67% 
by 2030. In 2024, our CRE portfolio accounted for 8% of the Group’s total lending, with total lending 
at €5.6bn. In 2024, the physical emissions intensity of our CRE portfolio reduced by approximately 
8% compared to our 2021 restated baseline.  
We are competitive in the CRE sector in our home market, with our commitment to sustainability being a 
key differentiator. CRE is also an important sector to us because of the social impact of our business. We 
work with developers and housing schemes and, through the provision of finance, we have a positive social 
impact by increasing the housing supply in Ireland.
Electricity Generation: 
Emissions intensity gCO2e/kWh
AIB’s Electricity Generation portfolio has a significantly low emissions intensity relative to the global average 
for electricity generation (458 gCO2e/kWh in 2024), given the high share of renewable energy assets such 
as offshore wind energy. 
In 2021, we established our baseline maintenance target to maintain the emissions intensity of our 
electricity generation project finance portfolio at or below 21 gCO²e/kWh from 2021 through 2030 and only 
finance 1.5°C aligned electricity generation projects. The scope of our baseline and target reflects the total 
lending within our Electricity Generation portfolio of €1.6bn in 2021, comprising 3% of the Group’s total 
lending. Since setting our maintenance target, waste to energy has been excluded from the Electricity 
Generation target scope, following bilateral guidance received from the SBTi. This is primarily due to the fact 
that waste-to-energy facilities are not based on fossil fuels, and electricity generation is not their main 
purpose or revenue source. Consequently, the baseline emissions intensity decreased significantly from 21 
gCO²e/kWh to 0.01 gCO2e/kWh. Note that, financed emissions related to waste to energy will continue to be 
tracked against our maintenance target internally. In 2024, the portfolio was 5% of total lending €3.6bn with 
an emissions intensity of  0.97gCO2e/kWh.  
We are committed to maintaining the emissions intensity level of the Electricity Generation portfolio below 
21 gCO²e/kWh through 2030 by keeping the portfolio focused on renewable electricity generation projects. 
In addition, we intend to grow AIB’s business in renewable energy infrastructure to support the broader 
transition to a sustainable future.
Corporate Portfolio Coverage: 
% of corporate portfolio aligning with SBTi
Our Corporate Portfolio Coverage target considers large corporations with >500 employees that have SBTi 
validated targets. In 2021, we established a target to increase our corporate portfolio loan volumes covered 
by emission targets from 12% to 54% by 2030 from a 2021 baseline. In 2024, we increased our Corporate 
Portfolio Coverage to 27%.  
The percentage of customers with SBTi-validated targets set is expected to increase in the coming years, 
as new regulations around transition plan disclosures come into force. Key sectors should decarbonise in 
line with the Government’s Climate Action Plan 2024, and corporate customers with >500 employees are 
expected to set their own emissions targets in the medium term. 
Annual 
Review
Business 
Review
Sustainability 
Reporting
Governance 
Report
Risk 
Management
Financial 
Statements
General 
Information
AIB Group plc
Annual Financial Report 2024 74
Decarbonising our Loan Book continued
AIB – projected – IEA 2021 NZE2050 (1.5°)
Actual
0
10
20
30
40
50
2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
AIB – projected – IEA 2021 NZE2050 (1.5°)
Actual
0
25
50
75
100
125
150
2021 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
AIB Maintenance Target
Actual
Global – projected – IEA 2024 WEO (1.5°)
0
100
200
300
400
500
2021 2025 2030
Corporate Loan Portfolio – Projected
Corporate Loan Portfolio – Actual
0
20
40
60
80
100
2021 2025 2030
 
Corporate 
Loan Portfolio 
– Projected
 
Corporate 
Loan Portfolio 
– Actual
 
AIB 
Maintenance 
Target°
 
Actual
 
Global 
– projected 
– IEA 2024 
WEO (1.5°)
Financed emissions portfolio
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 29

[page 32]
Additional metrics and targets under consideration
Excluded activities
Nature and biodiversity play a crucial role in the health of our planet. Nature provides raw 
materials such as wood, minerals and food, as well as a range of services such as pollination, 
water purification and climate regulation.
Regarding exposure to coal, oil and gas-related activities, and in the context of our mitigation 
efforts to achieve our SBTi-validated targets, we have had an excluded activities list in place 
since 2020, and which sets out a range of business activities that do not align with our 
Group strategy. 
In recent years, we have further developed our approach to C&E 
to more clearly articulate our nature strategy and to integrate nature 
considerations into both our business strategy and risk management 
approach. Nature considerations are location specific and often site 
specific. AIB has carried out detailed mapping exercises to identify 
any own premises located in areas of biodiversity sensitivity. 
In addition, a business environment scan has been carried out to 
understand risks to our business as well as areas where AIB and 
our customers have the greatest potential impact on nature and 
From a sustainability perspective, excluded activities include 
the exploration, extraction and upgrading of oil sands projects, 
nuclear power generation, nuclear waste transportation, and the 
decommissioning and/or final disposal of high-level nuclear waste.
dependencies on specific ecosystem services (e.g. fresh water, soil 
quality). Understanding nature risks, impacts and dependencies is 
complex. Best practice continues to evolve, as will AIB’s approach.
With regard to the degradation of ecosystems and biodiversity loss, 
and their potential reflective influence with climate-related risks, we 
are also considering the development of metrics and targets that 
could further assist our focus in protecting nature and biodiversity.
Our rules prohibit us from providing customers with new money 
when their activities are covered by this list. Lending linked to fossil 
fuel-related activities (including coal, oil and gas-related activities) 
represents <1% of our lending activities, and is therefore considered 
immaterial for our business.
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 30

[page 33]
32
Overview of AIB’s 
sustainability 
governance structures
33
Oversight, management 
and accountability for the 
Climate Transition Plan
33 Skills, competencies, 
training and culture
33 Incentives and  
remuneration
Governance
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 31

[page 34]
Climate CapitalCapital MarketsRetail Banking AIB UK
Overview of AIB’s sustainability  
governance structures
We have strong governance structures, frameworks and policies to ensure proper oversight of 
our sustainability activities, which are key to delivering our strategy and realising our ambitions. 
We aim to set the tone from the top and enable a sound and consistent risk culture, and 
mitigate and manage all ESG risks.
The Board oversees and challenges AIB’s sustainability strategy 
and performance. It is responsible for promoting our long-term 
sustainable performance, ensuring a robust approach. As part of the 
strategic and financial planning process, it approves Group strategy, 
financial and investment plans (including sustainability factors), and 
sustainability targets across our core operating segments.
To ensure AIB has appropriate measures to promote knowledge of 
ESG factors and ESG risks, as well as awareness of our ESG strategic 
objectives and commitments, we have established committees to 
safeguard a robust and transparent approach. These Board and 
Advisory Committees support the Board and operate under Board-
approved Terms of Reference.
The Sustainable Business Advisory Committee (SBAC) is a dedicated 
committee for sustainability. It assists the Board in overseeing 
sustainability matters and supports the execution of our sustainable 
business strategy, in accordance with our Strategic and Financial 
Plan. The SBAC receives updates on sustainability matters, including 
the sustainability strategy from management, following review and 
recommendation from the GSC (see below).
AIB Group governance structure
Core operating segments
Board Audit
Committee
Board Risk
Committee
Remuneration
Committee
Nomination  
& Corporate 
Governance
Committee
Sustainable
Business Advisory
Committee
Technology &
Data Advisory
Committee
Group Sustainability
Committee
Group Conduct
Committee
Group Risk
Committee
Group Disclosure
Committee
Data, Analytics and 
Technology Committee
AIB Group Board
AIB Group Executive Committee
The Group Sustainability Committee (GSC), chaired by our 
Chief Strategy & Sustainability Officer:
• oversees the effective fulfilment of strategic objectives and 
regulatory obligations;
• reviews and assesses current and emerging ESG risks, interacting 
with the Group Risk Committee on relevant matters;
• maintains relationships with key sustainability stakeholders and 
ensures that our ESG product portfolio aligns to our sustainability 
agenda and strategy; and
• manages and oversees the DMA process, which takes place under 
CSRD reporting. Our DMA results, and any subsequent updates, 
are reported annually to both SBAC and BAC.
Sustainability is also considered by other Executive Governance 
Committees:
• The Group Risk Committee is the senior management risk 
committee and is accountable to the Executive Committee for 
setting policy and monitoring all risk types, including all ESG and 
Climate & Environmental (C&E) Risks.
• The Group Disclosure Committee (GDC) oversees material Group 
disclosures. The GDC reviews the key judgements and estimates 
applied to sustainability disclosures, following their consideration 
by the GSC, as well as the clarity and consistency of the GSC’s 
recommended response to new legal and regulatory requirements 
impacting Group ESG disclosures.
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 32

[page 35]
Incentives and remuneration
Oversight, management and accountability 
for the Climate Transition Plan
Skills, competencies, training and culture
As described above, the Board is responsible for promoting the Group’s long-term sustainable 
performance. It approves the Group’s strategy and our financial and investment plans, which 
includes considering sustainability factors. 
AIB operates a short-term variable 
remuneration scheme which focuses on 
delivery against Group performance measures. 
The scheme applies to all employees and has 
a Group Profit underpin, which is a minimum 
level of profit that must be achieved to trigger 
an award under the scheme.
A culture that prioritises sustainability can differentiate AIB, attract socially responsible 
customers, and strengthen stakeholder relationships. 
The Board is supported in discharging its duties by a number of 
Board and Advisory Committees. Part of their role is to oversee and 
challenge the Group’s sustainability strategy and performance, while 
the Board retains ultimate responsibility, ensuring a robust approach.
The Group Sustainability Committee (GSC) is chaired by our Chief 
Sustainability Officer. Its remit includes the effective fulfilment of 
strategic objectives and regulatory obligations, and our data strategy 
as it relates to ESG disclosures. It reviews and assesses current and 
emerging ESG risks, interacting with the Group Risk Committee on 
relevant matters.
Our Chief Strategy & Sustainability Officer is responsible for 
developing, monitoring and updating our Climate Transition Plan. 
The monitoring and implementation of this Climate Transition Plan is 
embedded into our formal review and planning processes, including 
the Annual Business Review, which forms part of our Strategic, 
Financial and Investment Planning processes.
The scheme comprises three financial measures, accounting for 
60% of the award calculation, and three sustainability performance 
measures accounting for the remaining 40%. The sustainability 
performance measures relate to gender balance, customer 
satisfaction and green finance, and underline the importance placed 
on the ESG and customer agendas in line with the Group’s strategy. 
Each sustainability performance measure has an equal weighting 
of 13.33%. 
Acquiring and maintaining knowledge on sustainability matters, 
including business conduct, is crucial to enable us to deliver on our 
sustainability commitments. 
To ensure that the Board, its Committees and the Executive are 
equipped with the necessary skills and diversity to effectively 
guide the Group towards sustained success, we have a rigorous 
Director recruitment process, managed by the Nomination & 
Corporate Governance Committee. Similarly, the Group’s Senior 
Selection Policy provides that all candidates for Executive Committee 
positions are assessed against key role criteria and capabilities in the 
job description. 
From an oversight and governance perspective, our Climate 
Transition Plan’s component parts are subject to review and approval 
through the governance structure detailed on the previous page . 
We will regularly update our Climate Transition Plan as necessary 
to take account of new materiality assessments of ESG risks; 
significant developments in portfolios or counterparties’ activities; 
new scenarios; additional benchmarks or sectoral pathways; as well 
as impacts of new or upcoming regulation.
We will provide an annual update on progress in implementing 
our Climate Transition Plan in our Sustainability Statement in our 
AFR, in addition to regular updates to the GSC, SBAC and Board 
throughout the year. Our governance approach to sustainability 
reporting is aligned with financial reporting and is integrated within 
our internal control system.
We will continue our stakeholder engagement process in 
a responsible manner to build strong relationships and continuously 
inform our strategy, while delivering long-standing outcomes.
Our Board and Executive Committee have members with specialised 
knowledge and expertise in sustainability. The skills and expertise of 
each Board member are evaluated in relation to core skills, including 
Climate & Environmental (Sustainability) and Customer & Conduct, 
which covers business conduct. The Board is supported by SBAC, 
which includes members of the Executive Committee, including our 
Chief Sustainability Officer, and Head of Climate Capital.
Throughout 2024, several ESG-related training events took place to 
advance the Board’s collective knowledge and skills. The training 
sessions were delivered by internal and external subject matter 
experts on topics including industry perspectives, emerging practices, 
challenges with data quality for climate-related disclosures and CSRD.
40% 
non-financial measures
60%
financial measures
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 33

[page 36]
Mary Whitelaw
Chief Strategy and Sustainability Officer
Next steps  
in transition planning
This first stand-alone Climate Transition Plan 
outlines what we have done at AIB to date to 
embed sustainability into everything we do. 
Our approach centres on supporting businesses and households to 
decarbonise, financing social infrastructure, investing in innovation, 
and operating with integrity and transparency throughout  
our organisation.
We are making this happen through key action areas including: 
effective climate governance; C&E risk management; employee 
engagement and training; decarbonising our own operations; 
developing our in-house research and data expertise; developing 
strategic partnerships; and by supporting greater harmonisation 
and transparency through disclosures.
While progress towards our decarbonisation ambition is being made, 
we also acknowledge that more can be done to further enhance our 
climate transition planning journey and to further embed sustainable 
practices across our business. 
We will continue to monitor our actions, targets and metrics to ensure 
effective implementation and alignment – not only with our transition 
plan, but also with our overarching strategy and validated financed 
emissions reduction targets.
This plan marks a milestone in our journey, but it is also just a starting 
point for deeper, more ambitious action and evidence-based progress 
to sustain our journey to being a climate leading financial institution 
for change.
Closing 
Statement
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 34

[page 37]
Appendices
Abbreviation Reference
AFR Annual Financial Report
BER Building Energy Rating
C&E Climate & Environmental
CAP Climate Action Plan
CDP Carbon Disclosure Project
CEO Chief Executive Officer
CFO Chief Financial Officer
CPD Continuous Professional Development
CRE Commercial Real Estate
CRO Chief Risk Officer
CSO Central Statistics Office
DMA Double Materiality Assessment
EPA Environmental Protection Agency
ESG Environmental, Social, Governance
GBF Green Bond Framework
GDC Group Disclosure Committee
GHG Greenhouse Gas
GSC Group Sustainability Committee
HEULS Home Energy Upgrade Loan Scheme
ICAAP Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment
IEA International Energy Agency
ILAAP Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment
IOB Institute of Banking
IROs Impacts, risks and opportunities
KPIs Key Performance Indicators
MRA Material Risk Assessment
NZBA Net Zero Banking Alliance
PCA Portfolio Coverage Approach
PCAF Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials
PGF Policy Governance Framework 
RCA Risk and Control Assessment
SBAC Sustainable Business Advisory Committee
Abbreviation Reference
SBCI Strategic Banking Corporation of Ireland
SBTi Science Based Targets initiative
SDA Sector Decarbonisation Approach
SLF Sustainable Lending Framework
SRI Socially Responsible Investment
SRM Supplier Relationship Management
TCFD Task Force on Climate-Related Financial 
Disclosures
UNEP United Nations Environmental Programme 
WBCSD World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development
Appendix 1 – Glossary
Introduction
Foundations of our 
Climate Transition Plan
Implementation and 
engagement strategy Metrics and targets Governance
Next steps in 
transition planning Appendices
AIB Group plc
Climate Transition Plan 35

[page 38]
AIB Group plc
10 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, D02 R126 
+353 (1) 660 0311 
www.aib.ie/investorrelations