# ABB Ltd. (ABBN.SW)
# primary source: ABB Sustainability Statement 2025.pdf  (172 pages)

[page 3]
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
3 Executive Summary 
7 Assurance Opinion 
— 
SUSTAINABILITY AT ABB 
11 Approach to reporting 
14 Governance of sustainability at ABB 
24 Stakeholder engagement 
28 Double materiality assessment 
39 Sustainability-related policies 
47 Sustainability-related targets 
  
 
 
01 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
INFORMATION 
51 Protecting the climate 
77 Committing to circularity 
86 Water management at ABB 
89 EU Taxonomy:  
Disclosures for financial year 2025 
  
 
 
02 
SOCIAL INFORMATION 
97 Responsibility for our employees 
112 Social protection in the value chain 
121 Protecting vulnerable communities 
125 Protecting consumers 
  
  
 
03 
GOVERNANCE INFORMATION 
128 Good business conduct 
  
 
 
04 
APPENDICES 
140 EU Taxonomy: 2025 Tables 
144 Swiss Code of Obligations content 
index  
146 ESRS Content Index 
149 List of datapoints in cross-cutting 
and topical standards that derive 
from other EU legislation 
152 GRI Disclosure Index 
160 ISSB Disclosure Index 
166 SASB – Electrical & Electronic 
Equipment 
168 Effects of the sale of Robotics on 
selected targets 
—  
  

[page 4]
2 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 
 
HOW TO USE OUR DATAPOINT-TAGGING 
This report is tagged with ESRS datapoints, making it easier to find specific 
information quickly. To bridge the gap until the European Single Access Point 
becomes available, our provisional tagging follows the following format: 
• The tag is in square brackets and in gray font. 
• It begins with the identifier of the disclosure standard (e.g., E1-3 for 
climate-related actions), followed by the number of the paragraph in 
ESRS, followed by the letter of the sub-item in round brackets, as in ESRS 
(e.g., (a)). If applicable, this is followed by a sub-sub-item (e.g., i). 
This would read, for example, as: [E1-3 29 (c) i].  
The various Minimum Disclosure Requirements (MDR) begin with the identifier for 
the topical chapter (e.g., E1 for Climate Change), followed by the kind of MDR (e.g., 
MDR-P for MDRs for policies) and the sub-items. This would read, for example, as: 
[E1 MDR-P 65 (a)]. 
Readers should use the search function of their browser to find the datapoint they 
need. 

[page 5]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   3 
 
 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 
 
This Sustainability Statement forms, along with the Financial Report, ABB’s 
Management Report, and is a part of ABB’s annual reporting suite. This also 
includes the Integrated Report, which continues our tradition of voluntary 
sustainability reporting in combination with strategic and financial information. 
This Sustainability Statement is prepared in accordance with the European 
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) following the provisions of the 
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) of the European Union. 
 
— 
Strategy 
WORKING TOWARD A MORE SUSTAINABLE FUTURE 
At ABB, we are on a mission to help industries outperform or, as we say, “outrun – 
leaner and cleaner”. As a global leader in electrification and automation, our 
purpose is to enable a more sustainable and resource-efficient future. Our 
decentralized ABB Way operating model empowers our divisions to innovate close 
to our customers. Our focus is on delivering products and solutions that improve 
our customers’ profitability while making their operations more productive, energy-
efficient and sustainable. As a global market leader, we have a responsibility to all 
our stakeholders to manage our businesses sustainably and contribute to 
sustainable development wherever we operate. 
ABB’s Sustainability Agenda aims to enable a low-carbon society, preserve 
resources and promote social progress. These pillars are underpinned by our 
commitment to building a culture of integrity and transparency, extending across 
our value chain. Our sustainability-related targets and ambitions are supported by 
our stakeholder relationships. These include collaborative partnerships to foster 
innovation and circular economy practices, as well as working with suppliers to 
reduce greenhouse gas emissions, uphold human rights and labor standards and 
embed our culture of integrity and transparency along our value chain. 

[page 6]
4 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 
 
— 
Environmental 
information 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ENVIRONMENT 
Since the launch of our Sustainability Agenda in 2020, we have made significant 
progress in reducing emissions, cutting waste and in assessing the environmental 
impact of products in our portfolio. 
CLIMATE: ENABLING A LOW-CARBON SOCIETY 
Enabling a low-carbon society is at the center of our purpose and value 
proposition and a key pillar of our Sustainability Agenda. We are committed to 
reaching net zero by 2050, which involves reducing emissions in our own 
operations and in those of our suppliers. In our own operations, we are on a 
Mission to Zero™. All our sites are encouraged to pursue net zero emissions and 
more sustainable operations by switching to cleaner forms of energy, electrifying 
their vehicle fleets and improving energy productivity. We also want to help our 
customers reduce and avoid emissions through our products, solutions and 
services. In our Climate Transition Plan, including near-term and long-term targets, 
we identified decarbonization levers, such as the use of renewable energy, 
targeting SF₆ emissions, collaborating with suppliers and customers on low-
carbon material availability and use, and engaging suppliers on carbon reduction 
roadmaps. Our emissions reduction targets have been validated by the Science 
Based Targets initiative (SBTi), confirming alignment with their Net Zero Standard. 
They cover greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from our own operations (scope 1 
and 2) as well as indirect emissions from our value chain (scope 3). The latter 
account for the bulk of our overall emissions. We implemented a robust resilience 
analysis of the environmental risks we face and how they affect our business 
model, using acknowledged climate scenarios. In 2025, we achieved a reduction of 
79 percent in our scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions compared to 2019. Scope 3 
emissions, which depend on the progress of the grid decarbonization, have 
decreased by 1 percent compared to the baseline year of 2022. The products we 
sold to customers in 2025 helped them avoid 80 megatons of emissions and 285 
megatons cumulatively since 2022, considering the full life cycle of the products. 
This fits our ambition to support customers in avoiding 600 megatons of GHG 
emissions from 2022 to 2030, based on all the products we expect to sell over that 
period. 
CIRCULARITY: PRESERVING RESOURCES 
To help preserve natural resources, we are moving towards circular business 
models that eliminate waste and keep products and materials in use. We take a life 
cycle approach to circularity, which means factoring out waste at every stage of 
the product life cycle, from design and sourcing, through production and use, all 
the way to responsible end-of-life services. We assess the circularity of our 
products and solutions at every stage of the life cycle against a set of eight key 
performance indicators (KPIs) that make up our circularity framework. Every 
assessed product or solution is assigned a circularity score based on how many 
KPIs it fulfills. In 2025, we continued our progress toward achieving the 
quantitative target of sending zero waste to landfill while reducing waste 
generation by 2030. 
WATER: TARGETING AREAS OF WATER STRESS 
Water management is also part of our commitment to preserving resources. It is 
especially relevant in areas of increased water stress. The focus of our monitoring 
activities is on the real or potential impact that water consumption has in these 
areas. In line with our decentralized operating model, the ABB Way, the business 
areas are accountable for coordinating the development of a high-level roadmap 
with their divisions. We also aim to strengthen water stewardship at sites located 
in areas of water stress. 
 

[page 7]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   5 
 
 
— 
Social information 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR EMPLOYEES AND COMMUNITIES 
ABB’s social impact extends across multiple stakeholder groups. It affects its own 
employees, including those in administrative and management functions, industry 
workers, and agency workers. It also relates to workers in its value chain, 
specifically employees of its suppliers, as well as the communities in which ABB 
operates. In addition, ABB’s social impact reaches specific consumers and end 
users of its products. 
OWN EMPLOYEES: PROVIDING OPPORTUNITIES, PROTECTING AGAINST HARM 
As a global company whose greatest assets are its people and technologies, we 
are committed to the wellbeing and development of our employees. Impacts on 
our employees can be positive and negative: positive – through factors such as 
competitive and performance-related remuneration, a range of social benefits, our 
prioritization of health and safety, the championing of diversity and inclusion, and 
opportunities for professional and personal development; negative – through 
health and safety risks and gender inequality at leadership levels. We respect and 
promote human rights and dignity and strive to create working environments 
where people can thrive. Our Code of Conduct, Supplier Code of Conduct, Human 
Rights Policy and other relevant policies formalize ABB’s commitment to 
respecting human rights and describe ABB’s approach to human rights due 
diligence. A regular Employee Engagement Survey aims to ensure that our 
management remains aware of developments and opinions at employee level and 
that employees have a say in decision-making processes. D&I activities involve 
developing and supporting workforce diversity across all dimensions. Wellbeing 
initiatives deliver a range of programs designed to create a positive impact. 
Specific activities include an open job market and a wide range of learning 
opportunities. Health and safety management helps protect our employees 
against accidents and other health risks. In 2025, among other things, we achieved 
our employee engagement target, placing us within the “top tier” of global 
organizations using the same engagement platform. 
WORKERS IN THE VALUE CHAIN: UPHOLDING RESPONSIBLE LABOR STANDARDS 
ABB has a vast multi-tier supplier network across its divisions, consisting of 
suppliers operating in a diverse global context. The type of workers in our entire 
upstream and downstream value chain can include workers in raw materials and 
minerals extraction and processing, employees in factories, contractors at ABB 
(project) sites and workers in logistics and distribution. Internal risk assessment 
processes and a specific Supplier Code of Conduct aim to ensure the upholding of 
human rights and labor standards as well as functioning complaints mechanisms, 
if needed. The ABB Sustainable Supply Base Management (SSBM) Program 
contributes to positive impact by asking suppliers to conduct training with their 
employees. In 2025, among other things, we have updated the list of focus 
countries to reflect both the changed composition of the ABB supplier base and 
changes in country risk levels. 
COMMUNITIES: PROTECTING VULNERABLE COMMUNITIES 
ABB's activities impact communities along its value chain. These communities 
consist of people living or working in the vicinity directly impacted by our 
operations as well as those affected indirectly through our value chain. By 
maintaining high standards in environmental and safety performance, we aim to 
reduce the risk of negative impacts, such as noise, pollution or hazardous 
materials. In 2025, as part of our community engagement activities, we initiated 
the development of a stakeholder engagement plan. 

[page 8]
6 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 
 
CONSUMERS AND END-USERS: PROTECTING AGAINST RISKS 
Consumers and end-users at ABB are industrial consumers of electrical and 
automation equipment, and end-users of building automation and home electrical 
equipment. We offer various programs within our automation academies helping 
our customers find trainings for ABB products, functions, operations and more 
that support them in the safe handling of our products. We also aim to protect our 
customers against cyber-attacks on ABB systems. We engage with consumers and 
end-users through periodic reviews of customer satisfaction using the Net 
Promoter Score. In 2025, it was decided to develop and implement targets and 
action plans. 
 
— 
Governance 
information 
RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS PRACTICES 
ABB’s Sustainability Agenda is underpinned by a culture of integrity and 
transparency that we aim to embed across our value chain. We see integrity as part 
of our license to operate, and we are committed to the highest standards of ethical 
business conduct and professional behavior. 
POLICIES AND FRAMEWORKS TO GUIDE BEHAVIOR 
ABB’s culture of integrity is supported by its Code of Conduct and integrity 
program, as well as other policies such as its Human Rights Policy and Supplier 
Code of Conduct. Training and reporting channels are in place, with successful 
implementation of integrity trainings in 2025. The SSBM program specifically 
targets suppliers and service providers through a risk-based approach at those 
suppliers. We have zero tolerance for unethical business practices. We operate an 
adaptive anti-bribery and anti-corruption (ABAC) program, which allows us to 
anticipate and manage risks. We also take care to identify and mitigate risks of 
modern slavery and human trafficking in our value chain, as outlined in our Modern 
Slavery Statement. 

[page 9]
  7 
 
 


[page 10]
8 
  
 
 


[page 11]
  9 
 
 


[page 12]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
 
SUSTAINABILITY 
AT ABB  
 
 
Approach to reporting 11 
Governance of sustainability at ABB 14 
Stakeholder engagement 24 
Double materiality assessment 28 
Sustainability-related policies 38 
Sustainability-related targets 47 
 

[page 13]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   11 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
SUSTAINABILITY AT ABB 
 
 
The Sustainability Statement was compiled as of February 18, 2026. We prepared it 
in accordance  with the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) 
and its related European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) as required by 
the Swedish Annual Accounts Act (Årsredovisingslagen). It also follows the 
provisions of the Swiss Code of Obligations (Art. 964b ss.) and related ordinances. 
The Sustainability Statement includes the disclosures in accordance with the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation (EU 2020/852) and the supplementary delegated acts. 
 
— 
Approach to 
reporting 
[ESRS 2 BP-1] GENERAL BASIS FOR PREPARATION OF THE SUSTAINABILITY 
STATEMENT 
CONSOLIDATED REPORTING 
[ESRS 2 BP-1 5 (a)] This Sustainability Statement was prepared for the year ended 
December 31, 2025. The Statement covers ABB Ltd. and its consolidated 
subsidiaries worldwide (for a list of significant subsidiaries please see the Appendix 
to the ABB Corporate Governance Report 2025). 
Newly acquired businesses as well as businesses that are divested are reflected in 
annual sustainability reporting in line with the financial reporting, subject to 
materiality. The sole exception is GHG emissions, which are recalculated for the 
entire year in line with the GHG Protocol. For a list of acquisitions and divestments 
in 2025, please refer to the ABB Integrated Report 2025. 
[ESRS 2 BP-1 5 (b) i, 5 (b) ii] The scope of consolidation in this Sustainability 
Statement is the same as for the Financial Report (please refer to section “Note 2 – 
Significant accounting policies” of our Consolidated Financial Statements for 
further details on the scope of financial consolidation, e.g., investments in joint 
ventures and affiliated companies). This Sustainability Statement, together with 
the Financial Report, constitutes the Management Report as required by the CSRD 
(Directive 2022/2464/EU). No subsidiary undertaking of ABB is exempted from 
consolidated sustainability reporting pursuant to Articles 19a(9) or 29a(8) of 
Directive 2013/34/EU). 
[ESRS 2 BP-1 5 (c)] The Sustainability Statement addresses the material impacts, 
risks and opportunities (IROs) of both our own operations and our upstream and 
downstream value chain. 
[ESRS 2 BP-1 5 (d)] No information was omitted to protect intellectual property, 
know-how or the results of innovation. 
[ESRS 2 BP-1 5 (e)] No disclosure exemptions for impending developments or 
matters in the course of negotiation, as provided for in articles 19a(3) and 29a(3) 
of Directive 2013/34/EU, were applied. 
ABB has made use of the “quick fix” amendments to the first set of the ESRS 
(delegated act published by the European Commission on July 11, 2025), allowing 
for the omission of certain Disclosure Requirements. 
In the ESRS index table, we have listed the disclosures on which we have reported. 

[page 14]
12 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
UNITS OF MEASURE 
GHG emissions are presented throughout the statement in metric kilotons (kt) 
carbon dioxide equivalents (CO₂e) or metric megatons (Mt), where 1 metric kiloton 
CO₂e equals 1000 metric tons CO₂e and 1 metric megaton CO₂e equals 1000 metric 
kilotons CO₂e. 
Energy consumption is presented throughout the Statement in gigawatt hours 
(GWh), where 1 GWh equals 1000 megawatt hours (MWh). 
Waste is presented in metric tons (t) and metric kilotons (kt). 
Materials used are presented in metric kilotons (kt). 
SASB disclosure on Total Energy Consumed is presented in Gigajoules (GJ). 
[ESRS 2 MDR-M 77 (d)] When currency is specified as the unit of measure, we use 
the presentation currency of our Financial Report. 
 
— 
Other reporting 
principles 
[ESRS 2 BP-2] DISCLOSURES IN RELATION TO SPECIFIC CIRCUMSTANCES 
TIME HORIZONS 
[ESRS 2 BP-2 9 (a), 9 (b)] We applied time horizons consistent with ESRS for the 
short, medium and long-term. The scope of the application depends on the 
individual Disclosure Requirement or datapoint and is explained in the 
corresponding sections. 
VALUE CHAIN ESTIMATION 
[ESRS 2 BP-2 10 (a), 10 (b), 10 (c), 10 (d)] We use primary data as much as possible. 
Whenever data is estimated using sector average data or proxies (e.g., to calculate 
the rates of recyclable content of our products or to calculate scope 3 GHG and 
avoided emissions), this is indicated in the datapoint definitions in each topical 
chapter. 
Currently, we have obtained limited primary data or direct information from third-
party suppliers and partners. However, we are committed to improving the 
collection and quality of primary data or information from third parties and are 
actively preparing the next steps to achieve this. The shift toward primary data will 
be a gradual process and will be applied where reasonable, resulting in a hybrid 
approach based on a mix of primary and estimated data. 
SOURCES OF ESTIMATION AND OUTCOME UNCERTAINTY 
[ESRS 2 BP-2 11 (a), 11 (b) i, 11 (b) ii] There is a high level of measurement 
uncertainty in this Sustainability Statement in the areas of scope 3 GHG emissions, 
avoided emissions and the rates of recyclable content of our products. For further 
details, please refer to the section “Value chain estimation” above and to the 
section “Greenhouse gas emissions”. 
CHANGES COMPARED TO PREVIOUS SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 
[ESRS 2 BP-2 13 (a), 13 (b), 13 (c)] This is the first Sustainability Statement of ABB in 
accordance with the ESRS. In the previous year, we voluntarily reported in 
reference to the ESRS, which included fewer disclosures. Wherever possible, 
comparable information for the previous year is provided. As part of the ongoing 
ESRS implementation in 2025, we updated the Double Materiality Assessment 
(DMA) and re-evaluated material topics. 

[page 15]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   13 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
REPORTING ERRORS IN PRIOR PERIODS 
[ESRS 2 BP-2 14 (a), 14 (b), 14 (c)] Certain figures that have been reported in the 
Sustainability Statement 2024 have been reclassified or adjusted in the 
Sustainability Statement 2025 to conform to the current year’s presentation or due 
to refined calculation methods or to correct prior period errors. 
USE OF OTHER FRAMEWORKS 
[ESRS 2 BP-2 15] In addition to the regulatory requirements listed above, this 
Sustainability Statement was also prepared in reference to the GRI Standards, IFRS 
Sustainability Disclosure Standards (also known as ISSB Standards) and in 
accordance with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB). 
An index table in the appendix to this Sustainability Statement maps our ESRS 
disclosures to relevant indicators of the above frameworks. 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 
[ESRS 2 BP-2 16] Information about the revenue used in energy intensity, GHG 
emissions intensity and total revenue is incorporated by reference (to other parts 
of the Management Report). 
INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE 
For the financial year 2025, the Sustainability Statement was subject to limited 
assurance by KPMG AB (KPMG). The assurance engagement was conducted in 
accordance with the Institute for the Accountancy Profession in Sweden, 
Föreningen Auktoriserade Revisorer (FAR) recommendation RevR 19 ‘The auditor’s 
limited assurance regarding the statutory sustainability statement’. KPMG’s full 
Assurance Statement, including opinion and basis of opinion, is available in the 
“Assurance Opinion” section in this Statement. The assurance conclusion does not 
extend to prior period information included in the Statement. 
THIRD-PARTY METRICS VALIDATION 
[ESRS 2 MDR-M 77 (b)] None of the metrics have been validated by an external body 
other than the assurance provider. 
SWISS CODE OF OBLIGATIONS 
With respect to child labor, the international frameworks and standards 
referenced in the ABB policies include those which the Swiss Ordinance on Due 
Diligence and Transparency in relation to Minerals and Metals from Conflict-
Affected Areas and Child Labor (DDTrO) specifies as internationally recognized 
equivalent regulations. 
As a result of our adherence with these frameworks and standards, we are 
exempted from specific due diligence and reporting obligations under the 
provisions of the Swiss Code of Obligations (Art. 964j–l CO) and the DDTrO 
respectively with regard to child labor. 
Furthermore, in line with the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible 
Business Conduct, ABB ensures transparency by communicating relevant 
information externally through its Integrated Report. 
Regarding conflict minerals, we have assessed our risk exposure in response to the 
requirements established by the provisions of the Swiss Code of Obligations (Art. 
964j–l CO) and the DDTrO and reached the following conclusions: The quantities of 
minerals and metals in scope of the aforementioned regulations, which ABB 
imported into or processed in Switzerland in 2025, are substantially below 
applicable thresholds. Hence, ABB is exempted from specific due diligence and 
reporting obligations with regard to conflict minerals under the provisions of the 
Swiss Code of Obligations and the DDTrO, respectively. 

[page 16]
14 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
Please see the Appendix of this Sustainability Statement for a specific index of 
disclosures regarding the Swiss Code of Obligations. 
 
— 
Governance of 
sustainability at 
ABB 
[ESRS 2 GOV-1] ROLE OF ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY 
BODIES 
[ESRS 2 GOV-1 22 (a)] Sustainability at ABB is governed in the following hierarchy: 
[ESRS 2 GOV-1 22 (b), 22 (c), 22 (c) i, 22 (c) ii, 22 (c) iii, 22 (d)] ABB’s Board of 
Directors (the Board) reviews and approves our Sustainability Agenda and related 
targets. Our Sustainability Agenda reflects the value we create for our stakeholders 
and considers insights from the DMA, which takes into account IROs as identified 
for ABB. Board committees have specific roles in relation to sustainability: The 
Governance and Nomination Committee (GNC) is responsible for overseeing ABB’s 
Sustainability Agenda. The GNC reviews and proposes to the Board the company’s 
Sustainability Agenda and its targets and monitors target progress and 
achievements. The Finance, Audit and Compliance Committee (FACC) oversees the 
integrity of ABB’s sustainability-related reporting, including its reporting processes 
and systems of internal controls, as well as data processing. The Compensation 
Committee (CC) ensures that our executive compensation policies are 
appropriately aligned with the Sustainability Agenda. Ultimate responsibility for the 
company’s Sustainability Agenda, its sustainability targets and its annual 
Sustainability Statement lies with the entire Board of Directors. The foregoing 
responsibilities are defined in the ABB Ltd Board Governance Rules. In 2025, topics 
related to the Sustainability Agenda were discussed in every Board meeting. 
Likewise, CSRD reporting was on the agenda of every FACC meeting in 2025. An 
overview showing the company’s progress as well as an outlook of its key 
sustainability targets is shared with the Board on a quarterly basis. 
The ABB Group Executive Committee (the EC) validates the Sustainability Agenda 
and its implementation. It is responsible for reviewing sustainability targets in line 
with our performance management approach and our operating model, as well as 
for ensuring that sustainability is embedded in our business decision-making. In 
every EC meeting held in 2025, topics related to the Sustainability Agenda were 
discussed. The quarterly business reviews now also include progress as well as an 
outlook on the company’s key sustainability targets. The Chief Communications 
and Sustainability Officer, who is a member of the EC, holds functional 
responsibility for sustainability and reports together with the Group Head of 
Sustainability to the GNC on topics and progress related to the Sustainability 
Agenda. 
ABB’s EC represents the management body, and the Board represents the 
supervisory body, as these terms are used in ESRS. 
The Sustainability Council is the highest operational decision-making body for 
sustainability. It has been established to ensure the integration of sustainability 
across internal functions and drives the development of the Sustainability Agenda 
based on evolving stakeholder requirements, oversees implementation and 
monitors progress towards targets. In line with our operating model, the ABB Way, 
all business areas are represented on the Sustainability Council by their strategy 
heads as well as their sustainability leads. Additional members of the 
Sustainability Council include representatives of our corporate functions: 
sustainability, strategy, sustainability reporting, as well as legal and integrity. 
Topic-specific Workstreams propose targets and roadmaps across business areas 
and determine the governance for the respective sustainability topics. 
Additionally, they monitor emerging requirements and share best practices across 
business areas. The Workstreams include subject-matter experts from our 
business areas and divisions as well as members of the Corporate Sustainability 
team. They regularly report to the Sustainability Council on their progress and 
receive support from the Council where needed. 

[page 17]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   15 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
In line with the ABB Way and our decentralized operating model, our business 
areas and divisions are ultimately accountable for putting action plans in place and 
ensuring that appropriate resources are available to implement these plans and 
deliver against our targets. 
The Corporate Sustainability team provides thought leadership and governance, 
sets targets and drives continuous improvement. 
Finally, our Sustainability Reporting team, being part of ABB’s Finance 
organization, is responsible for the preparation of our annual Sustainability 
Statement. Decisions related to reporting are taken by the Sustainability 
Reporting Steering Committee, which is chaired by the Chief Financial Officer 
(CFO). 
There is a dedicated procedure for the management of IROs applicable for these 
bodies in the form of the DMA Procedure. Entity-level controls for this procedure 
have been put in place during financial year 2025. 
BOARD AND EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE COMPOSITION 
In proposing individuals for election, the Board seeks to align its composition, 
skills and experience with the company’s strategic needs. The Board strives for 
diversity in aspects such as gender, nationality and age. In addition, the tenure of 
the members of the Board should be well-balanced. 
In 2025, the Board was composed of 60 percent male directors, while 40 percent of 
the positions were held by female directors. Furthermore, 50 percent of the Board 
members are in the age range of 50 to 59 years and 50 percent are between 60 and 
69 years. All 10 members of our Board (i.e., 100 percent) are independent and non-
executive directors. We do not have employee representatives on our Board as 
Swiss corporate law does not provide for employee representation. 

[page 18]
16 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
Further, the composition of the Board in relation to experience was as follows: 
[ESRS 2 GOV-1 21 (a), 21 (b), 21 (c)., 21 (d)., 21 (e)] 
 
 
  Board 
Experience 
 
Corporate 
Officer 
Experience 
 Other Business Experience  
Global Experience  
 
Country of Origin / 
Nationality 
Board Member 
ABB Board 
Tenure (years) 
 
Other Public 
Board Experience 
 
CEO 
 
CFO 
 
Operations 
 
Risk Management 
 
Sustainability  
 
Digital / 
Technology 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Peter R. Voser 11  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  CH 
David Constable 11  ●  ●    ●  ●  ●    ●  CA, US 
Frederico Fleury 
Curado 
10  ●  ●    ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  BR, PT 
Johan Forssell 2  ●  ●    ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  SE 
Denise C. Johnson 3  ●      ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  US 
Jennifer Xin‑Zhe Li 8  ●    ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  CN, CA 
Geraldine Matchett 8  ●  ●  ●    ●  ●    ●  CH, UK, FR 
Claudia Nemat 1  ●      ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  DE 
David Meline 10  ●    ●    ●  ●  ●  ●  US, CH 
Mats Rahmström 2  ●  ●    ●  ●  ●  ●  ●  SE 
 
 
 
For each Board member’s biography, see Corporate Governance Report 2025 – 
Board of Directors. 
In line with the Board’s leading example, ABB strives to have an equally diverse EC. 
When appointing executives, the Board pays specific attention to relevant subject 
matter or business sector and products experience, as applicable, for each 
member. 
In our EC, 78 percent of the positions were held by male executives and 22 percent 
by female executives in 2025. The age distribution showed 11 percent, equaling one 
of the members, being in the range of 40 to 49 years old, and 78 percent of EC 
members were between 50 and 59 years old. 11 percent of the members are in the 
range of 60 or above. All 9 EC members were active as executives and employed by 
ABB throughout 2025.1 
 
1 In line with the announced divestment of ABB’s Robotics division to SoftBank Group, 
Sami Atiya has stepped down from ABB’s Executive Committee at the end of 2025 
(https://new.abb.com/news/detail/129681/sami-atiya-to-leave-abb). 

[page 19]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   17 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
The following table gives a detailed overview of the experience of our EC members: 
 
Name Role 
Business Experience 
Global Experience 
Sustainability 
Experience 
Country of Origin / 
Nationality 
Electrification (1) 
Motion (2) 
Automation (3) 
Robotics & Discrete 
Automation (4) 
Corporate Officer 
Experience 
        
 
 
 
Morten Wierod Chief Executive Officer ● ●   ● ● ● NO 
Timo Ihamuotila Chief Financial Officer     ● ● ● FI 
Carolina Granat Chief Human Resources Officer     ● ● ● SE 
Mathias Gaertner General Counsel and  
Company Secretary 
    ● ● ● DE 
Karin Lepasoon Chief Communications and 
Sustainability Officer 
    ● ● ● SE 
Giampiero Frisio President Business Area 
Electrification 
● ●    ● ● IT 
Brandon Spencer President Business Area 
Motion 
 ● ●   ● ● US 
Peter Terwiesch President Business Area 
Automation 
  ●  ● ● ● DE, 
CH 
Sami Atiya President former Business Area 
Robotics & Discrete Automation 
 ●  ●  ● ● DE 
1 Covering renewable power solutions, modular substation packages, switchboards and panelboards, switchgears, UPS 
solutions, breakers, control products, wiring accessories, enclosures and cabling systems, building automation, and similar 
products as well as related services. 
2 Covering drives, motors, generators, traction converters, and similar products as well as related services.  
3 Covering control technologies, industrial software, advanced analytics, sensing and measurement technology, marine 
propulsion systems, and similar products as well as related services. 
4 Covering robots, mapping and navigation solutions, automation solutions, industrial PCs, transport systems, machine 
vision, and similar products as well as related services. 
 
  
For each EC member’s biography, see Corporate Governance Report 2025 – 
Executive Committee. 
 
SUSTAINABILITY EXPERIENCE AMONG ABB LEADERSHIP 
[ESRS 2 GOV-1 23] The Board annually evaluates the necessary competencies for its 
members. The assessment of available sustainability competencies is aligned with 
the requirements of CSRD. The list of essential sustainability competencies 
encompasses our material topics: 
• Environmental: Climate change, water and marine resources, resource use 
and circular economy; 
• Social: Own workforce, workers in the value chain, affected communities, 
consumers and end-users; and 
• Governance: Business conduct. 
Our annual Board and EC questionnaire allows us to gain a meaningful overview of 
sustainability-related experience in these bodies. Thereby we strengthen our 
reporting basis and sharpen the sustainability focus of our education programs 
for the Board and EC. During the annual strategy retreat of the Board and EC in 
2025, a workshop took place that focused on where and how sustainability fits into 
ABB’s company strategy going forward. It included an outside-in view in terms of 
evolving stakeholder requirements including legislation, followed by a review of 
the progress made and unresolved challenges, developments and sustainability 
trends for electrification and automation, such as energy transition, energy 
efficiency, global warming, water management, aging workforce, augmented 
humans, skills gaps and efficiencies. The workshop concluded with a discussion on 
how these opportunities can be captured and risks mitigated. 

[page 20]
18 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
[ESRS 2 GOV-1 23 (a)] Sustainability is also considered in the Board’s annual 
assessment, which includes evaluating whether the right level of experience is 
available and whether the Board is sufficiently informed about sustainability 
issues and its responsibilities. Both aspects were confirmed by the Board. 
[ESRS 2 GOV-1 23 (b)] Both the Board and the EC, as collective bodies, possess the 
necessary experience to cover all topics identified as material in our DMA including 
IROs. The GNC and the Board ensure that this experience is considered when 
proposing new Board candidates or appointing new EC members. 
 
— 
Sustainability as a 
management topic 
[ESRS 2 GOV-2] INFORMATION REGARDING SUSTAINABILITY MATTERS 
[ESRS 2 GOV-2 26 (a)] For sustainability matters addressed by the Board and the EC 
in general, including frequency of discussions, please see above under “Governance 
of sustainability at ABB”. For more detailed information on ABB’s process to 
identify and assess material IROs, please see the discussion of our DMA in the 
section “Double Materiality Assessment” below. The list of identified material IROs 
has been shared with the EC and the Board for acknowledgement. 
[ESRS-2 GOV-2 26 (b)] Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process takes a 
holistic approach to identifying risks that could impact our strategic objectives 
and have a material financial effect. Fully embedded in the ABB Way operating 
model, the ERM process spans all levels of the organization, considers all risk types 
including sustainability risks and provides ABB leadership, including the EC and the 
FACC, with a clear view of our most critical risks. This insight allows the EC and the 
Board to consider these risks, including associated trade-offs, and take them into 
account when defining and overseeing ABB’s strategy, decisions on significant 
transactions and risk management. 
Material impacts and opportunities are derived from our strategy and therefore 
are an integral part of the annual Strategy Refresh, during which each business 
area and division reviews or updates its strategy. As part of this process, a 
portfolio assessment is conducted to evaluate the performance and strategic 
attractiveness of existing businesses as well as potential acquisitions. A 
sustainability lens is applied to ensure that sustainability-related impacts and 
opportunities are identified and strategic decisions are aligned with ABB’s 
Sustainability Agenda. The outcomes of the Strategy Refresh are discussed and 
approved by the EC and the Board at their annual strategy retreat. 
In the course of its sessions during the reporting year, the EC evaluated the 
Sustainability Agenda and the progress in its implementation, including several 
topics of strategic relevance. For example, the EC discussed progress made 
against sustainability Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) (Making ABB cleaner) as 
well as opportunities to work with ABB customers on sustainability (Making our 
world cleaner). Additionally, it covered our updated Climate Transition Plan, 
including opportunities for acceleration of ABB scope 1 and 2 emissions reductions 
(e.g., an acceleration on our EV100 commitment), a benchmarking on scope 3 
upstream emissions intensity, as well as opportunities for scope 3 upstream 
emissions targeted reductions focusing on low-carbon materials. 
[ESRS-2 GOV-2 26 (c)] The EC and the Board discuss individual IROs if their 
relevance necessitates EC or Board attention. The EC and the Board review the 
status of the voluntary 2030 sustainability commitments on a quarterly basis. 
 

[page 21]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   19 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
— 
Incentives for 
sustainability 
[ESRS 2 GOV-3] SUSTAINABILITY-RELATED PERFORMANCE IN INCENTIVE SCHEMES 
[ESRS 2 GOV-3 29, 29 (a), 29 (b), 29 (c), 29 (d), 29 (e)] Sustainability is embedded in 
ABB’s business planning processes, and we translate our strategic priorities – 
including financial performance and progress on sustainability – into short- and 
long-term financial and sustainability-related targets. Our business areas assume 
full accountability to deliver on these targets, which are supported by appropriate 
incentives. Incentives enable us to maintain a strong link between strategy and 
compensation. 
Members of the Board get their compensation in the form of guaranteed role-
based fees without a variable component, neither performance-based nor linked to 
sustainability-related measures. 
However, sustainability-related performance is embedded in the incentive 
schemes of the EC. EC members have sustainability-related goals and targets in 
their short-term incentive (Annual Incentive Plan, AIP), offered in cash, and in their 
long-term incentive (Long-Term Incentive Plan, LTIP), offered in the form of ABB 
Performance Share Units. The CC annually reviews the AIP and LTIP for the EC. 
Furthermore, it approves AIP-related performance measures, goals and targets per 
EC member, as well as plan-specific performance measures and targets for the 
LTIP, which are granted to our executives, including EC members. 
[G1 MDR-T 80 (a), 80 (c), 80 (f), 80 (i)] By integrating sustainability-related goals 
and targets into the AIP and LTIP of our EC members, we embed ethical behavior, 
accountability and transparency into decision-making. This alignment ensures that 
executive rewards are tied not only to financial results but also to responsible 
conduct and progress on sustainability commitments. It reinforces ABB’s Code of 
Conduct, strengthening our ethical culture and contributing to sustainable value 
creation. Therefore, in 2025, we continued the application of at least one 
measurable sustainability-related target under the AIP of our EC members, to 
support our 2030 Sustainability Agenda. The assignment of the sustainability 
targets under the AIP of EC members is aligned with our Sustainability Agenda, 
focusing on the company’s most material topics. 
[G1 MDR-T 80 (d)] The base year for measuring performance against our 
sustainability targets in executive incentive schemes is 2019. 
PROGRESS IN 2025 
[G1 MDR-T 80 (e)] Under the AIP, in our base year 2019, all EC members had an 
individual measure, that had a weighting of 20 percent of the executive’s target 
AIP award. The individual measure for each EC member was linked to two or three 
goals. Some EC members had a sustainability-related goal under their individual 
measure. 
[G1 MDR-T 80 (j)] In 2025, all EC members had two mandatory sustainability goals 
or targets with a combined weighting of 10 percent of their target AIP award. All 
EC members shared a common governance goal designed to help deliver ABB’s 
obligations under the Deferred Prosecution Agreement2, while the second 
sustainability goal varied. The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and two other 
corporate officers had an environmental target related to scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions reduction. All business area presidents had a social target (reduction of 
the TRIFR), while the Corporate Human Resources Officer (CHRO) had a social 
target related to an increase in the proportion of women in senior management 
roles. The CFO had a governance target related to internal controls. The 
achievement against all sustainability goals and targets was determined after the 
end of the performance cycle 2025 and is disclosed in our Compensation Report 
2025. 
 
2 Contribution to the delivery of our commitments under the Deferred Prosecution 
Agreement with the US Department of Justice related to the Kusile project. 

[page 22]
20 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
[G1 MDR-T 80 (e)] We achieved our target of having at least one measurable 
sustainability-related target assigned to the variable compensation of our EC 
members every year since 2020. It needs to be achieved in all subsequent years 
until 2030. 
The LTIP, in our base year 2019, comprised of two equally weighted financial 
performance measures, namely average earnings per share and relative total 
shareholder return. The LTIP was granted to approximately 100 executives, 
including EC members and division presidents.  
As introduced in 2022 and continued until 2025, one of the three LTIP performance 
measures was based on the achievement of a corporate sustainability target, an 
environmental target related to scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reduction, that 
carried a weighting of 20 percent of the executives’ grant. Since 2022, this GHG 
emissions reduction target was assigned annually to the LTIP and performance 
was reassessed, based on the achievement over the relevant performance period. 
The LTIP was granted to approximately 100 executives, including EC members and 
division presidents. Vesting under the LTIP was subject to the achievement of the 
plan-specific targets over a period of three years. The achievement against the 
GHG emissions reduction target under the 2022 LTIP as well as the target for the 
2025 LTIP are disclosed in our Compensation Report 2025. 
To safeguard adherence to our Code of Conduct and compliance policies, both the 
AIP and LTIP offered to our EC members are subject to malus and clawback 
provisions. 
For more details, please refer to our Corporate Compensation Report 2025 – 
“Implementation of EC compensation policy”. 
COMPENSATION LINKED TO CLIMATE-RELATED CONSIDERATIONS 
[E1 GOV-3 13] For the 2025 AIP, the CEO and two corporate officers had an 
environmental target, representing 5 percent of their target AIP award, related to a 
scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reduction, which is in line with ABB’s GHG emission 
reduction targets as defined under ESRS E1-4, while all other EC members had non-
environmental sustainability targets or goals. 
For the 2025 LTIP, the sustainability performance measure represents ABB’s scope 
1 and 2 GHG emissions reduction at the end of the three-year performance period 
(2025–2027), compared to a baseline of 2024 scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions. 
For 2025, 5.7 percent of the EC's total compensation was linked to climate-related 
considerations. 
 
— 
Due diligence 
[ESRS 2 GOV-4] STATEMENT ON DUE DILIGENCE 
[ESRS 2 GOV-4 30 | ESRS 2 GOV-4 32] Due diligence is a vital, cross-cutting 
process that ensures we identify and manage key impacts across our value chain, 
including operations. The table below outlines the interdependence of these 
impacts, showing how due diligence is embedded across various topics deemed 
as material under CSRD, to facilitate informed decision-making. 
 
Due diligence topics Environment People 
Embedding due diligence 
in governance, strategy 
and business model(s) 
Sustainability is embedded in all governance bodies and defined as a key 
management topic. More information on this can be found in the section 
“Sustainability as a management topic”. 
We integrate sustainability-related performance in our AIP and LTIP. For 
more information on this topic, please refer to the section “Incentives for 
sustainability”.  
An elaboration on how the identified material IROs interact with our 
strategy and business model can be found in the section “Material impacts, 

[page 23]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   21 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
 
Due diligence topics Environment People 
risks and opportunities” and in the IRO table in the section “Double 
Materiality Assessment”. 
Engaging with affected 
stakeholders 
As sustainability is a core element of ABB’s purpose, it is integrated 
throughout the highest levels of our organization. Information on how our 
administrative, management and supervisory bodies are informed about 
and oversee sustainability matters can be found in the section 
“Sustainability as a management topic”. 
At ABB, we value the interests and views of our stakeholders and take them 
into account for the further development of our strategy and business 
model. Explanations on how we do this can be found in the section 
“Stakeholder engagement”. In 2025, we developed a centrally coordinated 
stakeholder engagement plan that we will begin implementing in 2026.  
To determine our material topics, we considered the views of our 
stakeholders. For more information on the process, please see section 
“Double Materiality Assessment”. 
To provide an understanding of the policies in place to prevent, mitigate 
and remediate actual and potential adverse impacts, we set out our 
policies in the section “Sustainability-related policies”. 
Information relevant to 
understanding how engagement 
with stakeholder groups on 
specific (potential) adverse 
impacts is performed can be 
found in the sections “Strategic 
approach to circularity” and 
“Water as a material topic”. 
Information relevant to 
understanding how engagement 
with stakeholder groups on specific 
(potential) adverse impacts is 
performed can be found in the 
sections “Involving employees”, 
“Engaging with value chain workers” 
and “Management of supplier 
relationships”. 
Identifying and assessing 
negative impacts 
A description of material adverse impacts and how they interact with our 
strategy and business model can be found in the section “Material 
impacts, risks and opportunities”, and the assessment process in the 
section “Double Materiality Assessment”. 
A description of our processes to 
identify and assess material 
adverse environmental impacts 
can be found in the sections 
“Climate change as a material 
topic”, “Strategic approach to 
circularity” and “Water as a 
material topic”. 
A description of our processes to 
identify and assess material 
adverse impacts on people can be 
found in the sections “Channels 
available to raise concerns” (in 
topical chapters S1, S2, S3) and 
“Consumer-related policies & 
processes”, “Involving employees”, 
“Engaging with value chain 
workers” and “Business conduct-
related policies”. 
Taking action We elaborate on our actions to 
combat climate change in the 
section “Management of climate 
change”, our Climate Transition 
Plan and “Circularity 
management”. 
We reflect the range of actions 
through which impacts are 
addressed in the sections 
“Employee-related actions”, “Actions 
for workers in the value chain”, 
“Taking action in communities”, 
“Management of supplier 
relationships” and “Anti-corruption 
and anti-bribery”. 
Tracking effectiveness We track the effectiveness of our 
environmental measures and 
targets in the topical sections 
“Climate change-related targets”, 
and “Targets relating to resource 
use and circularity”, and disclose 
our metrics in “Facts & figures 
Energy”, “Greenhouse gas 
emissions”, “Facts & figures 
Resource use and circular 
economy” and “Facts & figures 
Water”. 
We track the effectiveness of our 
social measures and targets in the 
sections “Own workforce-related 
targets, “Workers in the value chain-
related targets”, and “Community-
related targets”, and disclose our 
metrics in “Facts & figures Own 
employees” and “Facts & figures 
Business conduct”. 

[page 24]
22 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
— 
Risks and controls 
in sustainability 
reporting 
[ESRS 2 GOV-5] INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING 
[ESRS 2 GOV-5 36 (a)] As defined in the ABB Ltd Board Governance Rules, the Board 
is responsible for establishing an internal control system to monitor and address 
financial and sustainability reporting processes. The Board has delegated roles and 
responsibilities for internal controls to the FACC. The FACC oversees the integrity 
of our reporting processes and systems of internal controls over reporting, 
including its internal and external assurance processes as well as manual and 
automated data processing. 
We have adopted the integrated framework designed by the Committee of 
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) for our internal 
controls over reporting. The “Internal controls over reporting” policy specifies that 
defined internal control standards, requirements, certifications, governance, roles 
and responsibilities apply to all reporting processes of the Group, including 
sustainability reporting. 
The scope of the environmental, social and governance topics disclosed in the 
Sustainability Statement has been defined by means of a DMA (see section 
“Double Materiality Assessment” below). 
[ESRS 2 GOV-5 36 (b)] We have conducted an Internal Controls over Sustainability 
Reporting (ICSR) risk assessment to determine the risk of material misstatement 
considering the risk profile of the datapoints and the related reporting process. 
Depending on the assessed risk level, we have determined the required mitigation 
efforts. 
[ESRS 2 GOV-5 36 (c)] The risk assessment has identified main risks in the areas of 
data availability, use of estimations and measurement uncertainty in respect of 
environmental disclosures, mainly scope 3 GHG emissions and avoided emissions. 
Controls such as data validations and management reviews are in place to 
mitigate these risks. Findings from these controls trigger corrections and guide 
improvements to training, processes, systems and data. 
[ESRS 2 GOV-5 36 (d)] We have executed an internal controls self-assessment 
program on a quarterly and yearly basis to assess control design effectiveness and 
control performance, including ICSR. The program ensures that potential control 
weaknesses and deficiencies are addressed and corrected in a timely manner. This 
program is overseen and monitored by the Corporate Assurance Risk & Internal 
Controls team. 
We have also established and implemented an internal assurance certification 
process in line with the Assurance and Disclosure Governance policy. Assurance 
certification includes sustainability reporting. All required entities at different 
levels in the Group certify the fair representation of financial and sustainability 
information. 
[ESRS 2 GOV-5 36 (e)] The assurance and disclosure process is overseen by the 
relevant management committees. The results of internal control assessments are 
regularly reviewed by the FACC. 
The above-described approach applies to disclosures related to regulatory 
compliance as well as committed targets as published in this Sustainability 
Statement. 

[page 25]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   23 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
— 
Strategic approach 
to sustainability 
[ESRS 2 SBM-1] STRATEGY, BUSINESS MODEL AND VALUE CHAIN 
With our leading technologies in electrification and automation, ABB is at the core 
of accelerating the energy transition. We help all industries run at high performance 
and become more productive, efficient and sustainable. Our Sustainability Agenda 
is fully in line with this mission. It is strategically embedded across our business 
and aims to enable a low-carbon society, preserve resources and promote social 
progress. Our actions are underpinned by a culture of integrity and transparency, 
extending across our value chain. 
[ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 (a) i, 40 (a) ii] ABB is a global technology leader in electrification 
and automation, combining engineering and digitalization expertise to enable 
more efficient, sustainable and high-performing industries. Our exposure to 
customers is geographically balanced while catering to multiple end-markets and 
segments. Our revenue is derived from customers in the industrial, building, 
transport & infrastructure, and utilities markets. To enhance ABB’s overall strategic 
focus, in 2025 we entered into an agreement to divest our Robotics division. The 
divestment is expected to be completed in the second half of 2026, subject to 
regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. At the same time, the 
Machine Automation division, previously a part of the Robotics & Discrete 
Automation business area together with the Robotics division, has been 
integrated into the Process Automation (subsequently renamed “Automation”) 
business area. A detailed description of our businesses, their markets and 
customers along with their products and services as well as changes in the 
portfolio can be found in our Financial Report 2025 and its appendix. 
[ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 (b)] For a breakdown of our consolidated revenues (i) by 
business area, (ii) by geographic region, and (iii) by product type, see “Note 23 – 
Operating segment and geographic data” in our Financial Report 2025 – 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
[ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 (e)] ABB’s sustainability-related targets and ambitions include, 
for example, to avoid emissions throughout the lifetime of our products and to 
keep value in use: products that last longer, systems built to outperform, and 
materials reborn through refurbishment, retrofitting and recycling. We continue to 
support the energy transition to a low-carbon economy with our global 
electrification and automation solutions. Our sustainability-related targets and 
ambitions are also supported by our relationships with key stakeholders including 
collaborative partners, customers, employees, governments and civil society, the 
investment community, and suppliers. For example, we work with collaborative 
partners to foster innovation and circular economy practices and with suppliers to 
reduce greenhouse gas emissions, uphold human rights and labor standards and 
embed our culture of integrity and transparency along our value chain. We also 
engage with local communities to support access to education in science, 
technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM), provide emergency and 
disaster relief, and raise awareness of conservation and community 
empowerment.
 [ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 (f)] ABB’s portfolio of products and solutions supports our 
sustainability-related targets and ambitions by helping customers globally to 
electrify their operations, improve energy and resource efficiency, and avoid or 
reduce emissions. For example, we assess our products against a set of eight KPIs 
in the ABB Circularity Framework, including circular design principles (in product 
design and serviceability), product efficiency and lifetime duration. Over the past 
several years, we have aligned our business portfolio with our purpose of enabling a 
more sustainable and resource-efficient future and with our technology leadership 
in electrification and automation. Approximately half of our revenues come from 
the industrial segment with the other half coming from utilities, buildings, and 
transport & infrastructure customers. 
[ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 (g)] Sustainability is a core element of ABB’s purpose and is 
therefore reflected in ABB’s strategy and embedded across all business areas. Our 
efforts support ABB’s Sustainability Agenda to enable a low-carbon society, 
preserve resources and promote social progress. 

[page 26]
24 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
 We have identified several key sustainability-related challenges ahead, including: 
• the decarbonization of energy systems and industrial operations; 
• the transition to circular business models; 
• ensuring supply chain resilience and responsible sourcing; and 
• increasing regulatory demands, including on data quality and 
transparency. 
To address these challenges, we are implementing solutions and projects such as 
our Mission to ZeroTM program to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from our 
operations, advancing product design based on sustainability criteria and 
providing our customers with easy access to Environmental Product Declarations 
(EPDs) to increase transparency. 
[ESRS 2 SBM-1 42] We operate a global business model across our business areas. 
The model is built on technology leadership, a broad industrial customer base and a 
globally distributed value chain. 
[ESRS 2 SBM-1 42 (a)] Our inputs include raw materials, components and services 
that are sourced through a global supplier base. We conduct due diligence and 
engage in supplier evaluation mechanisms such as EcoVadis to promote 
responsible sourcing. In the case of raw materials, we take measures to identify and 
mitigate associated risks through internal programs, partnerships and supplier 
engagement. 
[ESRS 2 SBM-1 42 (b)] Our outputs include technologies, products and services that 
serve the needs of industrial sectors. These outputs contribute to energy efficiency, 
emissions reduction and sustainable resource use. Outcomes for stakeholders 
include cost and energy savings, improved supply chain performance and enhanced 
compliance with regulatory requirements. 
[ESRS 2 SBM-1 42 (c)] Our upstream value chain includes multiple tiers of suppliers 
covering a wide variety of geographies and sectors, with direct relationship mainly 
to suppliers of semi-finished and fabricated products, electronic components and 
systems. Downstream, our customers span a wide range of industries. Products 
and solutions are delivered through direct sales, partners and distributors. We also 
advance circular business models, including repair, reuse and recycling. 
— 
Stakeholder 
engagement 
[ESRS 2 SBM-2] INTERESTS AND VIEWS OF STAKEHOLDERS 
[ESRS 2 SBM-2 45 (a)] At ABB, we have identified our most relevant stakeholder 
groups as collaborative partnerships, customers, employees, governments and civil 
society, the investment community, and suppliers as shown in the table below. In 
addition, selected stakeholder interests and views were taken into consideration in 
the materiality assessment process (see section “Double Materiality Assessment”, 
IRO-1). To further enhance stakeholder engagement, in 2025 we initiated a 
comprehensive review. The outcome includes identifying new relevant stakeholder 
groups, mapping and prioritizing them based on relevance and potential impact, 
and reviewing engagement levels and methodologies. Implementation of the 
enhanced stakeholder engagement is planned for 2026. 

[page 27]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   25 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
[ESRS 2 SBM-2 45 (a), 45 (a) i, 45 (a) ii, 45 (a) iii, 45 (b)] 
Stakeholder group Approach to engagement 
Collaborative partners We collaborate with companies and academic institutions on a wide range of social, 
environmental, and technological activities and topics. These partnerships serve to 
foster knowledge exchange, enabling us to stay abreast of the latest developments, 
contribute to innovation, provide access to talent, expand markets and address 
complex challenges in a more effective manner. The engagement is done both centrally 
and at a divisional level. 
How we engage: 
• Collaborations with academic institutions to drive innovation, including 
themes related to energy efficiency, security and transition; 
• Participation in industry groups, like the Energy Efficiency Movement, to drive 
innovation and advance policy; 
• Membership in sustainability-related international organizations such as 
Global Business Initiative on Human Rights (GBI), UN Global Compact, World 
Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and the Responsible 
Minerals Initiative (RMI). We also collaborate with organizations such as the 
International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), the Climate Group, the 
Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), the International Code of Conduct 
Association (ICoCA) and the Responsible Security Association; and 
• Technology and innovation partnerships with companies as well as startups 
through our SynerLeap program to lay the basis for potential future direct 
investments or acquisitions. 
Customers Meeting customer needs and expectations is essential to our success. The engagement 
with customers on sustainability topics occurs primarily via our divisions and includes 
sustainability-focused meetings and projects. 
How we engage: 
• Customer collaboration around ABB’s product offerings to enable targeted 
innovation and emission reduction in the product use phase; 
• Addressing sustainability questions from customers, for example, in 
connection with business opportunities or providing data that is needed for 
customers to evaluate their carbon footprint by providing Environmental 
Product Declarations (EPDs), Product Carbon Footprints (PCF) and 
EcoSolutionTM QR codes; and 
• To enhance circularity efforts, we engage in customer partnerships such as 
enabling take-back schemes and lifetime extension via product 
refurbishment. 
Employees Employees are vital for achieving our targets and staying competitive. Employee 
engagement takes place at different levels across the organization. 
How we engage: 
• Annual Employee Engagement Survey, followed up with local workshops to 
discuss the results and define actions; 
• Targeted pulse surveys on specific topics; 
• Annual performance reviews;  
• Negotiating with collective bargaining associations; 
• Networks of Employee Resource Groups, addressing and promoting 
sustainability-related questions; 
• Courses, learning pathways and workshops available to employees on 
sustainability topics; and 
• Engagement and training on business conduct. 

[page 28]
26 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
Stakeholder group Approach to engagement 
Governments and civil society We engage with governmental, regulatory, political and economic stakeholders, local 
communities, the media, non-governmental organizations etc. at global, national and 
local levels. These key stakeholders provide the political and regulatory support and 
public trust necessary to achieve sustainable growth. Engagement with government 
and civil society takes place both centrally and at a divisional level. 
How we engage: 
• Volunteering, especially in the field of community engagement; and 
• Meetings with regulators to understand their priorities and share our views on 
policy issues and advocate the deployment of low-carbon technologies and 
energy-efficient solutions. 
Investment community The investment community enables ABB’s access to finance and includes such market 
participants as shareholders, debtholders, analysts, rating agencies and proxy advisors. 
Investor relations are managed at corporate level through the Investor Relations team 
supported by Corporate Sustainability. 
How we engage:  
• Annual General Meeting; 
• Investor relations website linking to our sustainability page; 
• One-on-one meetings, including requests from investors for specific meetings 
to understand sustainability performance; 
• Quarterly analyst and investor webcasts, including a specific section on 
sustainability; and 
• Investor roadshows focusing on sustainability. 
Suppliers and Workers in the 
Value Chain  
Our suppliers have a significant impact on our operations and success as well as our 
ability to meet our sustainability targets. Working with suppliers allows us to identify 
and mitigate risks in the supply chain. While day-to-day engagement with suppliers is 
primarily done in our divisions, several of the engagement programs and supplier-
related policies are centrally coordinated through topic-specific workstreams. 
Depending on the concrete subject and initiative, we also engage directly with workers 
in the value chain, with legitimate representatives or through their employers. 
How we engage: 
• Monitoring and active engagement through our Sustainable Supply Base 
Management (SSBM) program, our Responsible Minerals Program and 
Material Compliance Program; 
• Partnerships to access more sustainable materials; 
• On-site evaluations and audits including interviews with the suppliers’ 
employees; and 
• Business areas holding Supplier Day events. 
 
[ESRS 2 SBM-2 45 (a) iv, 45 (a) v, 45 (b), 45 (d)] We engage with our stakeholders for 
specific strategic and reporting purposes to gain insights into how they perceive 
value and what matters to them most in terms of economic, environmental and 
social issues. These engagements contribute to our understanding of stakeholder 
expectations. Through the DMA results, ABB’s management is aware of the views 
and interests of the included stakeholders. Over the coming years, we aim to 
further develop our stakeholder engagement process to ensure that all 
stakeholder input is systematically integrated into our strategic decision-making 
and our approach to managing impacts, risks and opportunities. 
 

[page 29]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   27 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
Strategic 
amendments 
STRATEGY ALIGNMENTS TO ADDRESS STAKEHOLDER VIEWS 
[ESRS 2 SBM-2 45 (c)] We are continuously evolving our strategy and business 
model, with stakeholder expectations and sustainability-related risks and 
opportunities taken into account as part of the review process. Views from our own 
workforce are collected through the annual Employee Engagement Survey. We 
consider the interests and conditions of workers along our value chain, recognizing 
that fair labor practices, safe working conditions and a motivated workforce 
support productivity and the effective execution of our operations. While affected 
communities are not directly informing our strategy or business model, we respect 
and actively promote human rights and ethical business conduct. Our customers 
and investors provide regular feedback that is considered in our annual strategy 
refresh. In line with our Code of Conduct, we consider human rights in all our 
activities and processes, including strategy development. 
[ESRS 2 SBM-2 45 (c) i] Recent amendments include integrating sustainability 
metrics into core processes, such as product development, sourcing and 
performance planning. 
[ESRS 2 SBM-2 45 (c) ii] Further planned steps include expanding our circular 
business offerings, increasing product transparency through life cycle 
assessments and Environmental Product Declarations, and further embedding 
sustainability into our core operations. These steps are being implemented 
progressively over the short to medium term. 
[ESRS 2 SBM-2 45 (c) iii] These changes strengthen our stakeholder relationships 
by addressing their concerns and priorities, such as transparency, compliance and 
sustainable impact, and are intended to reinforce our position as a trusted 
sustainability partner. 
 
— 
Material impacts, 
risks, and 
opportunities 
[ESRS 2 SBM-3] MATERIAL IROs AND INTERACTION WITH STRATEGY AND 
BUSINESS MODEL 
[ESRS 2 SBM-3 48 (a)] A disclosure and description of the material IROs resulting 
from our materiality assessment will be found below under [ESRS-2 IRO-1]. This 
includes a description of how they (may) affect our business model and in which 
part of the value chain they are concentrated. Some IROs originate from our 
manufacturing activities and sourcing practices. There are also brief overviews in 
the topical standard chapters of this Sustainability Statement. 
[ESRS 2 SBM-3 48 (b)] In response to the above, we have taken steps to integrate 
sustainability considerations into relevant processes, including product 
development, sourcing practices and transparency efforts. We are also adapting 
our offerings to capture growth opportunities in sustainability-driven markets and 
strengthen our resilience to environmental and social risks. 
[ESRS 2 SBM-3 48 (c) i] The potential or actual negative and positive impacts of our 
operations on people or the environment are discussed in the IRO table below 
(ESRS 2 IRO-1). [ESRS 2 SBM-3 48 (c) ii] Our material impacts, including those 
related to climate change, resource use and supply chain practices, influence our 
strategic choices and operational model. They are reflected in our commitments to 
decarbonization, circularity and sustainable sourcing. [ESRS 2 SBM-3 48 (c) iii] The 
reasonably expected time horizons of the impacts differ greatly from one to the 
other. They are explained in the IRO table. [ESRS 2 SBM-3 48 (c) iv] The material 
impacts we are involved with relate to both our activities (own operations) and our 
business relationships (upstream and/or downstream value chains), depending on 
the IRO in question. The nature of these relationships is disclosed in the IRO table. 

[page 30]
28 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
[ESRS 2 SBM-3 48 (d)] We identify current financial effects recognized in the 
financial position, financial performance, cashflows and carrying values of assets 
and liabilities reported in the financial statements based on the assessment of our 
IROs for which there is a significant risk of material adjustment within the next 
annual reporting period. The identification of current financial effects is included 
in our financial reporting process. For 2025, we have not identified any material 
current financial effects of our material risks and opportunities. 
[ESRS 2 SBM-3 48 (g)] The materiality assessment update performed in 2025 
included a full revision of the material IROs presented in the 2024 Sustainability 
Statement. 
[ESRS 2 SBM-3 48 (h)] The following IROs are partially covered by entity-specific 
disclosures (i.e., avoided emissions): E1-PI-01, E1-NI-01, E1-NI-04, E1-O-01, E1-O-02, 
E1-O-03, E1-O-05; and (i.e., SSBM): S2-O-01, G1-PI-04, S2-NI-01, S2-NI-03. 
RESILIENCE OF STRATEGY 
[ESRS 2 SBM-3 48 (f)] The resilience of our strategy and business model in 
addressing material IROs is analyzed on a regular basis, including the strategy 
refresh process, where opportunities are identified and reviewed as each business 
area and division validates or updates its strategy, ambitions and strategic 
priorities. As part of this process, a portfolio assessment is conducted to evaluate 
the performance and strategic attractiveness of our businesses and of potential 
future acquisitions. A sustainability lens is applied to this assessment to 
understand sustainability-related market opportunities and monitor our progress 
in making ABB more sustainable, in line with our Sustainability Agenda. 
Risks are identified through our ERM process, which identifies and assesses 
material risks to strategic and business objectives and ensures appropriate 
mitigation measures are in place. This approach supports building resilience based 
on our proactive approach to risk management. 
Together, these two processes provide a qualitative view of our resilience across 
different time horizons (including those defined in ESRS 1, chapter 6), addressing 
our capacity to manage material impacts and risks and to take advantage of 
material opportunities. 
 
— 
Double Materiality 
Assessment 
[ESRS 2 IRO-1] DESCRIPTION OF PROCESS TO IDENTIFY AND ASSESS MATERIAL 
IROs 
[ESRS 2 IRO-1 53 (a), 53 (b) ii, 53 (g)] In 2024, ABB performed a DMA on Group level, 
including all subsidiaries, aligned with the ESRS. In 2025, the DMA was further 
refined, and updated building upon the 2024 assessment and focusing on 
validating the continued relevance of the identified material IROs. The DMA process 
in 2024 focused on both our own operations and our value chain. 
[ESRS 2 IRO-1 53 (b)] The process was structured into four phases, guided by due 
diligence activities and supported by key data sources at each phase, as outlined 
below: 
[ESRS 2 IRO-1 53 (b) iii] The understanding phase considered the previously 
conducted Human Rights Risk Assessment (HRRA) to map the value chain and 
incorporated the results of the 2023 stakeholder engagement. To understand the 
value chain, the previously conducted HRRA was taken as a basis. The activities 
considered as upstream and downstream value chain were research & 
development/testing/support functions, components manufacturing and 
assembly, transport and logistics, bidding, sales and distribution, projects and 
services, raw material extraction and processing, use by ABB customers and end-
users, and end of life. 

[page 31]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   29 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
[ESRS 2 IRO-1 53 (b) i] During the identification phase, potential IROs were 
identified through stakeholder input, internal analyses, interviews with 
representatives from our business areas and industry knowledge, to focus on 
specific activities, business relationships, geographies or other factors that give 
rise to a heightened risk of impacts across our entire value chain. Impacts were 
identified through, for example, industry knowledge, the HRRA and internal 
environmental research, taking into account our business model and strategy. 
[ESRS 2 IRO-1 53 (c), 53 (c) i, 53 (c) iii, 53 (e)] ABB’s ERM process is our holistic 
approach to addressing risks, which could adversely affect the achievement of our 
strategic business objectives and lead to a material financial impact. The process 
encompasses all levels of ABB and considers both internal and external sources of 
risks. It requires all divisions, business areas and corporate functions to identify 
and assess their most critical risks based on our defined methodology. 
Sustainability risks are an integral part of the ERM process, with their potential 
effects being considered primarily over the short and medium term, as well as 
effects of a long-term nature (e.g., resulting from climate risks). We prioritize 
sustainability risks similar to other enterprise risks. We consider the connections 
and dependencies between our impacts, risks and opportunities in an integrated 
way. Specifically for risks, we consider the connection and dependency on impacts 
as part of the identification and assessment phases and do not differentiate 
between sustainability risks and enterprise risks. This ensures that both an 
outside-in and inside-out perspective are considered and support a fuller 
assessment of the risks. Sustainability risks are mapped to relevant ESRS topics. 
Similarly, opportunities connected to impacts were also considered for the DMA. 
This involved assessing how the identified opportunities could lead to potential 
impacts and integrating these considerations into the overall DMA process. 
Opportunities across business areas were identified using our 2023 Integrated 
Report and Sustainability Report as well as the internal stakeholder survey. 
[ESRS 2 IRO-1 53 (b) iv] During the assessment phase, negative impacts were 
assessed based on their relative severity (scale, scope, irremediability) and 
likelihood, and positive impacts based on their relative scale, scope and likelihood. 
Impacts were assessed using desktop research and industry knowledge. The 
assessment of impacts was validated through insights gathered from stakeholder 
surveys. [ESRS 2 IRO-1 53 (c) ii] In line with ESRS, we have assessed risks based on 
the magnitude of their potential financial effect and the likelihood of their 
occurrence. For the assessment we drew upon the results of ABB's ERM process. 
Opportunities were evaluated based on their financial impact and likelihood, 
informed by stakeholder input. 
In the determination phase, we have adopted thresholds to determine which of 
the sustainability topics will be covered in our Sustainability Statement. [ESRS 2 
IRO-1 53 (c) ii, 53 (d)] Different options for the scored IROs aggregated to ESRS 
subtopics were analyzed, including benchmarking against peers and prior 
materiality. The 2024 threshold was deemed still relevant. IROs below this 
threshold were considered not material. To decide on the most sensible threshold, 
different options for the cut-offs on the scored IROs aggregated to ESRS sub-
topics were created, tested, discussed in working sessions, and benchmarked. 
[ESRS 2 IRO-1 53 (d)] The 2024 DMA was reviewed and approved by the ABB 
Sustainability Reporting Steering Committee. [ESRS 2 IRO-1 53 (f)] Impacts and 
opportunities are shared with the business areas for strategic considerations. 
[ESRS 2 IRO-1 53 (a), 53 (h)] In the initial DMA process, we have applied certain 
assumptions. We have considered the findings from the 2023 materiality 
assessment and the supporting stakeholder engagement (described in detail in 
our 2023 Sustainability Report) and concluded that they remain applicable to this 
year’s IROs. Additionally, the ERM process was deemed appropriate and the HRRA 
mapping across the value chain remains relevant. 

[page 32]
30 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
DMA update 2025 
The outlined DMA process from 2024 served as a basis to consider the derived 
material IROs for their ongoing relevance. For this, we conducted our annual 
update of the DMA outcome in 2025. 
Identified risks from 2024 were updated based on the latest results of the ERM 
process. The ongoing relevance of the opportunities identified in 2024 has been 
considered through evaluating each opportunity in the context of our most recent 
annual financial report and integrated report. 
ABB established and applied an internal methodology to assess the ongoing 
relevance of its impacts annually. This approach entails systematically reviewing 
various dimensions to identify key changes influencing our business and 
sustainability priorities, including significant business changes, due diligence 
findings and new stakeholder perspectives. If such key changes are identified, the 
relevant impacts are re-evaluated. 
[E2 IRO-1 11 (a), 11 (b) | AR 9] As part of the DMA update, pollution related impacts 
and risks were reviewed. For this, publicly accessible regulatory databases, 
including the European Pollutant Release and Transfer Register (E-PRTR) and the 
European Industrial Emissions Portal, were examined. These databases cover 
emissions to air, water and land, as well as off-site transfers of pollutants, and 
require reporting only when defined regulatory thresholds are exceeded. A review 
of pollutant releases for the geographies in which ABB operates, focusing on its 
largest manufacturing sites globally, confirmed that none exceeded the applicable 
reporting thresholds. Based on this assessment, ABB adjusted the scoring for the 
pollution-related impacts, which resulted in a change in materiality.  As a result, E2 
(Pollution) is now excluded from the material matters of ABB. 

[page 33]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   31 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
Based on the initial DMA process in 2024 and its update in 2025, the following ESRS 
subtopics were derived as material, reviewed and approved by the ABB 
Sustainability Reporting Steering Committee. Next to the update, we also revised 
our IROs with a view to streamlining and simplifying the language, which has not 
impacted the identified material sub-topics or material information in the 
Sustainability Statement. All IROs were validated by internal experts. 
E1: Climate change 
1 Climate change adaptation 
2 Climate change mitigation 
3 Energy 
E3: Water and marine resources 
4 Water 
E5: Resource use and circular economy 
5 Resource inflows, including resource use    
6 Resource outflows related to products and services  
7 Waste 
S1: Own employees 
8 Working conditions 
9 Equal treatment and opportunities for all 
10 Other work-related rights 
S2: Workers in the value chain 
11 Working conditions 
12 Equal treatment and opportunities for all 
13 Other work-related rights 
S3: Affected communities 
14 Communities’ economic, social and cultural rights 
15 Communities’ civil and political rights 
S4: Consumers and end-users 
16 Information-related impacts for consumers and/or end-users 
17 Personal safety of consumers and/or end-users 
G1: Business conduct 
18 Corporate culture 
19 Protection of whistleblowers 
20 Management of relationships with suppliers including payment practices 
21 Corruption and bribery 
 
 
  

[page 34]
32 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
ABB’S MATERIAL IMPACTS, RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES (IROS) 
[ESRS 2 SBM-3 48 (a), 48 (b), 48 (c) i, 48 (c) ii, 48 (c) iii, 48 (c) iv, 48 (d), 48 (f), 48 (g),  
48 (h)] The following table shows a list of our material IROs, their nature and where 
in the value chain they are located: 
ID Material impacts, risks and opportunities Type1 Value chain Time 
horizon 
 
E1 - Climate change 
E1-NI-01 A significant portion of GHG emissions occurs 
downstream, during the operation of ABB's 
technologies. The energy and fuel consumption, as well 
as power loss of our products contribute to carbon 
emissions over their lifecycle, further exacerbating 
climate change. 
Negative impact (A) 
 
downstream short-, 
medium-, 
long-term 
E1-PI-01 By developing energy-efficient processes, ABB helps to 
reduce energy consumption and avoid associated 
emissions for our customers. 
Positive impact (P) downstream medium-
term 
E1-PI-02 ABB has a positive impact on sustainable practices in 
the upstream value chain together with suppliers, such 
as using renewable energy, sourcing more sustainable 
materials, energy-efficient measures, or using recycled 
materials.  
Positive impact (A) upstream medium-
term 
E1-NI-
02 
The production, the assembly and transportation of our 
products results in the emission of greenhouse gases, 
which contribute to climate change. 
Negative impact (A) 
 
own 
operations 
short-, 
medium-
term 
E1-NI-
03 
The reliance on fossil fuels for manufacturing, 
transportation, and raw material extraction contributes 
to substantial GHG emissions. There are high emissions 
through the use of energy-intensive methods, including 
high-temperature processes and large-scale machinery. 
Transportation also generates emissions through fossil 
fuel consumption. These emissions intensify climate 
change.  
Negative impact (A) 
 
upstream short-, 
medium-, 
long-term 
E1-NI-
04 
Energy consumption from non-renewable energies in 
our own operations and value chain can have a negative 
effect on climate change. 
Negative impact (A) 
 
upstream, 
own 
operations, 
downstream 
medium-
term 
E1-O-01 Opportunity to be seen as a thought leader in 
advancing climate change mitigation efforts by leading 
the conversation, setting informal 
standards/regulations and collaborating with 
stakeholders. This can enhance our reputation, which 
potentially attracts new customers. Furthermore, it can 
lead to strategic partnerships, sustainability-focused 
investments, reduced capital costs and improved 
financial stability 
Opportunity upstream, 
own 
operations, 
downstream 
short-, 
medium-
term 
E1-O-02 Opportunity to improve presence on approved vendor 
lists, enhance energy efficiency of products, improve 
competitive position in the market, shift energy 
consumption from fossil fuels to clean energy, and 
develop/deploy products, solutions, and technologies 
that meet changing customer demand for more low 
carbon products. 
Opportunity upstream, 
own 
operations, 
downstream 
short-, 
medium-
term 
E1-O-03 By developing and providing solutions that enable the 
energy transition and energy efficiency, we can inspire 
professionals and therefore attract and retain talent. 
This can reduce recruitment costs, boost productivity 
and foster innovation. 
Opportunity own 
operations 
medium-
term 

[page 35]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   33 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
ID Material impacts, risks and opportunities Type1 Value chain Time 
horizon 
 
E1-O-04 ABB can reduce its energy costs by adopting renewable 
energy sources like solar and driving energy efficiency 
via initiatives such as LED lighting, HVAC upgrades and 
optimized manufacturing. Integrating renewables with 
smart grids enables decentralized production and 
advanced energy management, boosting efficiency and 
cutting costs.  
Opportunity own 
operations 
short-, 
medium-, 
long-term 
E1-O-05 The global expansion of the renewable energy market 
presents opportunities in large-scale renewable 
projects and sustainable cities. By leading technological 
innovation and offering low-carbon products, ABB can 
attract customers increasingly focused on 
decarbonization. The rising need for electrification and 
automation in transportation further enhances 
business opportunities. 
Opportunity own 
operations, 
downstream 
medium-, 
long-term 
E1-R-01 The transition to SF6-free technology, driven by 
regulatory changes in Europe, poses a risk if ABB is too 
slow to adapt or lacks a competitive product in terms 
of cost and technology. 
Risk own 
operations, 
downstream 
medium-
term 
E1-R-02 Failing to meet emissions reduction on publicly stated 
commitments could lead to negative publicity, 
downgrading in sustainability rankings and missed 
business opportunities. Additionally, communicating 
these types of objectives and benefits in a way that 
may be seen as unrealistic could result in accusations of 
'greenwashing'.  
Risk own 
operations 
medium-
term 
E1-R-03 ABB faces significant sustainability risks related to 
climate change, including the impact of extreme 
weather events. For instance, ABB's business 
operations are at risk of being disrupted in highly 
water-stressed areas.  
Risk own 
operations  
medium-
term 
E3 - Water 
E3-NI-
01 
Raw material extraction requires significant amounts of 
water for processes like crushing and grinding. Poor 
water treatment impacts operations and safety, 
contributing to water stress and affecting local 
ecosystems. 
Negative impact (A) 
 
upstream short-, 
medium-, 
long-term 
E3-NI-
02 
The production processes, including the fabrication of 
components and assembly of systems, often require 
significant amounts of water. High water usage in 
manufacturing contributes to the depletion of 
freshwater resources and can exacerbate water scarcity 
issues in regions where the industry operates.  
Negative impact (A) 
 
upstream, 
own 
operations 
short-, 
medium-, 
long-term 
E5 - Circular economy and resource use 
E5-PI-01 By adopting practices such as product reparability, 
durability and other circular economy principles, ABB 
has a positive impact on transitioning to a circular 
economy.  
Positive impact (A)  upstream, 
downstream 
medium-
term 
E5-PI-02 By implementing circular solutions through the ABB 
Circularity Approach, there is a potential for a positive 
impact on transitioning to a circular economy.  
Positive impact (P)  upstream, 
own 
operations, 
downstream 
short-term 
E5-NI-
01 
The use of raw materials in operations leads to the 
depletion of non-renewable resources through resource 
inflows and resource use, impacting the sustainability 
of operations and contributing to resource scarcity. 
Negative impact (A) 
 
upstream, 
own 
operations  
long-term 
E5-NI-
02 
ABB products may end up in landfills after use, leading 
to the depletion of materials.  
Negative impact (P) 
 
downstream short-, 
medium-, 
long-term 

[page 36]
34 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
ID Material impacts, risks and opportunities Type1 Value chain Time 
horizon 
 
E5-O-01 Opportunity to be seen as a thought leader in the 
circularity development by leading the conversation on 
circularity and proposing initiatives encouraging 
competitors to adjust their practices. This enhances 
our reputation, which can attract new customers, result 
in a boosting of market share and profitability. 
Furthermore, it can lead to strategic partnerships, 
sustainability-focused investments, reduced capital 
costs and improved financial stability. 
Opportunity own 
operations, 
downstream 
short-term 
E5-O-02 Costs can be reduced by minimizing raw material 
usage, reducing waste, and enhancing storage 
efficiency through circular models. By adopting 
sustainable sourcing practices, ABB can conserve 
resources and lower costs.  
Opportunity upstream, 
own 
operations  
medium-, 
long-term 
E5-O-03 ABB has the opportunity to invest in partnerships and 
collaborations with external stakeholders. By 
developing innovative products and services, ABB can 
differentiate itself from competitors, increase market 
share and enhance visibility with customers. 
Opportunity upstream, 
own 
operations, 
downstream 
medium-
term 
E5-R-01 Failing to meet our circularity commitments could lead 
to negative publicity and missed business 
opportunities. Additionally, communicating these types 
of objectives and benefits in a way that may be seen as 
unrealistic could result in accusations of 
'greenwashing'. 
Risk upstream, 
own 
operations, 
downstream 
medium-
term 
S1 - Own workforce 
S1-PI-01 Policies, diversity programs and employee training can 
foster equal opportunities, promoting inclusive 
practices and a positive work environment. 
Positive impact (P) own 
operations 
short-, 
medium-
term 
S1-PI-02 By ensuring employment security, fair wages and 
worker participation, employees experience greater 
stability, engagement and job satisfaction, 
contributing to overall wellbeing in the workplace. 
Positive impact (A) own 
operations 
short-term 
S1-NI-01 Industry dynamics and historical patterns of female 
participation in STEM studies have resulted in fewer 
leadership roles covered by women to ascend to 
leadership positions, also at ABB. This could contribute 
to gender inequality, may limit diverse perspectives in 
leadership, and perceived growth opportunities for 
women, affecting team dynamics and decision-making 
and imbalance at management and operational levels. 
Negative impact (P) 
Widespread/system
ic 
own 
operations 
short-term 
S1-NI-02 Poor working conditions, workload/stress and any 
other disruptions related to Health, Safety, and 
Environmental (HSE) within the operations can lead to 
safety hazards and potential negative health impacts 
on ABB's own workforce.  
Negative impact (P) 
Individual incidents 
own 
operations 
short-term 
S1-O-01 ABB’s sustainable innovation and environmental 
responsibility, combined with strong health and safety 
standards, equal opportunities and attractive 
conditions enhance employee engagement, talent 
attraction and retention, which drive business growth. 
Opportunity own 
operations 
medium-
term 
S1-R-01 Personal injuries or fatalities can damage reputation, 
affect future sales and lead to costly lawsuits. Non-
compliance with HSE can significantly harm ABB's 
reputation and brand.  
Risk own 
operations 
long-term 
S1-R-02 The loss of employee data in cybersecurity breaches 
can result in financial repercussions, including 
settlements for affected employees, reputational 
damage lowering business opportunities and market 
value, and increased costs for security enhancements. 
Risk own 
operations 
short-term 

[page 37]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   35 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
ID Material impacts, risks and opportunities Type1 Value chain Time 
horizon 
 
S1-R-03 A perceived misalignment with diversity and inclusion 
commitments may present reputational risks, 
particularly as market expectations shift. Limited 
diversity in leadership could impact stakeholder trust 
and employer branding. 
Risk own 
operations 
long-term 
S1-R-04 Increasing regulatory requirements for pay equity and 
transparency may introduce compliance challenges. 
Potential shortfalls in regulatory alignment could 
impact reputation, talent retention and regulatory 
standing. 
Risk own 
operations 
short-, 
medium-
term 
S1-R-05 Economic pressures and intensifying competition for 
skilled professionals may impact the ability to attract, 
retain and develop talent in certain fields. Shifts in 
workforce demographics and evolving skill demands 
could lead to capability gaps and increased hiring costs. 
Risk own 
operations 
medium-
term 
S2 - Workers in the value chain 
S2-PI-01 ABB offers various programs to support workers in 
adapting to automation: ABB Robotics training centers, 
free e-learning opportunities, Robotics education 
packages for educational institutions, providing ABB 
Robot Studio (robotics programming software) at no 
cost to educational facilities, and ongoing efforts to 
enhance the user-friendliness of our products. 
Positive impact (A) downstream short-, 
medium-, 
long-term 
S2-NI-01 Child labor, forced labor, modern slavery, exploitation 
and human trafficking might occur in upstream 
extraction activities and processing and downstream. 
This has a severe impact on the lives of value chain 
workers.  
Negative impact (P) 
Individual incidents 
upstream, 
downstream  
short-, 
medium-, 
long-term 
S2-NI-
02 
There is a negative impact on workforce due to 
implementation of robotics and automation of 
processes leading to job losses. 
Negative impact (A) 
Widespread/system
ic 
downstream short-term 
S2-NI-
03 
Physical work (such as mining) and production 
processes including heavy machinery, hazardous 
chemicals, manual work, low-skilled labor, high 
percentage of contractors, or waste disposal/ recycling 
can expose workers in the value chain to severe health 
and safety breaches.  
Negative impact (P) 
Widespread/system
ic 
upstream, 
downstream  
short-, 
medium-, 
long-term 
S2-O-01 ABB has the opportunity to influence compliance with 
labor laws through assessment of suppliers using due 
diligence tools such as SAP Ariba. These help improve 
compliance and limit the risks of litigation, fines and 
costs related to inefficient monitoring. Demonstrating 
high compliance standards enhances ABB's reputation 
in the market, which can improve access to financing 
and may provide ABB with a competitive edge towards 
its customers. 
Opportunity upstream medium-
term 
S2-R-01 Geopolitical risks are of growing concern for 
businesses in emerging energy and technology supply 
chains. Producers of rare earths elements are often 
found in the most underdeveloped and politically 
volatile areas, as well as being exposed to 
environmental, social, and governance (ESG) risks like 
modern slavery, violation of human rights and 
deforestation. ABB's contractors and value chain 
workers are affected by socio-geopolitical events, 
resulting in asset damage and destruction, disruption 
of supply chain, economic instability, etc. 
Risk upstream, 
downstream  
medium-
term 

[page 38]
36 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
ID Material impacts, risks and opportunities Type1 Value chain Time 
horizon 
 
S2-R-02 Risk of insufficiently addressing existing and upcoming 
global regulatory requirements and specifically human-
rights related issues occurring in ABB's value chain. This 
may lead to substantial fines and legal penalties, and to 
reputational damage, which can result in lost business 
opportunities and reduced customer trust. 
Risk upstream, 
downstream  
medium-
term 
S3 - Affected Communities 
S3-PI-01 ABB contributes to the local development of the 
communities where we operate through the ABB 
Community Engagement program based on ABB's Four 
Focus Areas of Intervention. 
Positive impact (P) own 
operations 
short-, 
medium-, 
long-term 
S3-NI-
01 
ABB's operations can lead to disruption and health 
issues of nearby communities due to noise, 
environmental pollution or hazardous materials. 
Negative impact (P) 
Widespread/system
ic 
own 
operations 
short-, 
medium-, 
long-term 
S3-NI-
02 
The sourcing of minerals from conflict-affected and 
high-risk areas can contribute to financing state-armed 
groups who control artisanal scale mines and where 
human rights of workers are not respected. This can 
also lead to financing conflicts indirectly.  
Negative impact (P) 
Widespread/system
ic 
upstream short-, 
medium-, 
long-term 
S4 - Consumers and End-users 
S4-NI-
01 
Safety incidents can happen when ABB products are 
used, possibly leading to severe health accidents. 
Negative impact (P) 
Individual incidents 
downstream short-, 
medium-, 
long-term 
S4-R-01 Cyber attacks on ABB systems can threaten brand 
reputation, operations and customer satisfaction, 
especially in critical infrastructure. Exploited software 
vulnerabilities can compromise customer data, and 
geopolitical factors heighten cyber risks. Sophisticated 
state-sponsored and organized crime attacks increase 
exposure to data breaches, regulatory non-compliance, 
and business disruption. 
Risk own 
operations, 
downstream 
short-term 
S4-R-02 ABB risks exposure to a rapidly evolving regulatory 
environment, including safety, AI ethics, data privacy, 
trade laws, sanctions, labor laws and ESG requirements. 
Compliance may increase costs and operational 
challenges. Moreover, stricter government controls on 
automation and AI could delay development and 
deployment, affecting financial performance. 
Risk downstream medium-
term 
S4-R-03 Product malfunctions due to higher usage or external 
factors (e.g., weather) can damage reputation, lead to 
workforce fluctuations and increase service demands, 
raising the risk of errors and warranty costs. 
Risk downstream medium-
term 
S4-R-04 Certain divisions face significant risks due to the 
mission-critical nature of their products. System failure 
can lead to safety incidents and/or operational 
disruptions for customers. This results in business 
losses and financial repercussions. 
Risk downstream short-term 
G1 - Business Conduct 
G1-PI-02 Prevention of corruption and bribery through several 
mandatory and non-mandatory trainings about the ABB 
Code of Conduct, and topics including anti-corruption, 
anti-bribery, anti-trust, third-party management, 
privacy, hospitality and donation activities, working 
with governments and other legal compliance topics 
positively impacts employees and stakeholders by 
promoting business ethics and corporate culture. This 
allows stakeholders to be more effective in fostering 
ethical behavior. 
Positive impact (A)  own 
operations 
short-term 

[page 39]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   37 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
ID Material impacts, risks and opportunities Type1 Value chain Time 
horizon 
 
G1-PI-
04 
ABB has a positive impact on people and the 
environment by encouraging suppliers to be more 
sustainable through social and environmental criteria 
for supplier selection, ABB's requirements as described 
in the supplier code of conduct and sharing near-term 
ESG-related targets. 
Positive impact (P)  upstream  short-term 
G1-PI-
05 
Policies on whistleblower protection and related 
training improves workplace safety by promoting 
ethical conduct, which has a positive impact on both 
employees and operational integrity. 
Positive impact (A)  own 
operations 
medium-
term 
G1-PI-
06 
ABB has a positive impact on value chain stakeholders 
through monitoring ethical conduct and providing value 
chain stakeholders with access to ABB’s reporting 
channels. This enables stakeholders to voice concerns, 
including anonymously, through the whistleblower 
system, helping to identify potential misconduct. 
Positive impact (A)  upstream, 
downstream 
short-term 
G1-NI-
01 
Non-compliance with the Code of Conduct has a 
negative impact on society, employees, customers, 
shareholders and suppliers due to increased risk of 
corruption and bribery. 
Negative impact (A) 
 
own 
operations 
short-term 
G1-O-01 By working to foster an ethical environment (e.g., 
through integrity training), ABB can create a culture and 
environment that sets up ABB and its stakeholders for 
long-term, sustainable success. Fostering an ethical 
environment can strengthen ABB’s reputation, helps to 
meet customer expectations and mitigates the risk of 
incurring costs via regulatory enforcement. 
Opportunity own 
operations 
medium-
term 
G1-R-01 The increasing prevalence of ransomware attacks, AI-
powered threats and supply chain vulnerabilities 
complicates cyber defenses, while geopolitical risks 
contribute to state-sponsored cyber threats. These 
attacks can lead to the disclosure of classified 
information, compromising confidentiality, integrity, 
and availability, resulting in compliance issues and 
reputational damage. 
Risk upstream  short-term 
G1-R-02 Breach of the Code of Conduct is a critical risk for ABB, 
as this could lead to legal, financial and reputational 
harm and/or operational disruption. 
Risk own 
operations 
medium-
term 
G1-R-03 Non-compliance with current and/or rapidly emerging 
integrity and regulatory requirements poses legal, 
financial and reputational risks for ABB. 
Risk own 
operations 
medium-
term 
1 (A) - actual impact; (P) - potential impact  
 
 
 

[page 40]
38 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
— 
Disclosure 
Requirements used 
[ESRS 2 IRO-2] DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS COVERED BY SUSTAINABILITY 
STATEMENT 
[ESRS 2 IRO-2 56] Please see the ESRS Index in the appendix of this report for a full 
list of all Disclosure Requirements used in this Sustainability Statement and the List 
of datapoints in cross-cutting and topical standards that derive from other EU 
legislation appendix for the list of reported datapoints derived from other EU 
legislations. 
[ESRS 2 IRO2 59] To determine the final scope of datapoints, we used the European 
Financial Reporting Advisory Group (EFRAG) list of datapoints and mapped it to 
material ESRS subtopics. Voluntary datapoints were excluded, and phase-in 
provisions were applied as outlined in ESRS 1, Appendix C. Where relevant we have 
also applied the ESRS ‘quick-fix’ delegated act of July 11, 2025, either in full or 
partially for the respective topical standards. All datapoints that were connected to 
the material sub-topics were evaluated individually by assessing their significance 
in relation to our material IROs and the importance to our stakeholders together 
with internal experts. 
We disclose information based on its significance in relation to our IROs and their 
importance to the needs of stakeholders. 
 

[page 41]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   39 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
— 
Sustainability-
related policies 
[E1-2 24 | E3-1 11 | E5-1 14 | S1-1 19 | S2-1 16 | S3-1 14 | S4-1 15 | G1-1 7]  
ABB’s Sustainability Agenda is managed on the basis of established policies and 
procedures, which are continuously adapted to new developments and regulatory 
requirements. This section of the Sustainability Statement includes the most 
important policies and related documents that form part of the ABB Way. It covers 
the ESRS Disclosure Requirements E1-2, E3-1, E5-1, S1-1, S2-1, S3-1, S4-1, the policy-
related aspects of G1-1, and the Minimum Disclosure Requirements for Policies 
(MDR-P). Specific human rights-related datapoints of S2-1 and S3-1 remain in that 
topical chapter. The IROs that are covered in these policies are listed in the left-
hand margin. 
[MDR-P 65 (c)] The most senior level that is accountable for the implementation of 
the policies lies in most cases with the ABB division presidents. Exceptions are: 
• CEO: Code of Conduct, Supplier Code of Conduct, Human Rights Policy 
and Human Rights Due Diligence Framework; 
• CFO: Tax Policy; 
• Chief Information Officer: Information and Cyber Security Policy; and 
• Vendor Onboarding Governance Board: Standard Vendor Onboarding 
Procedure. 
[MDR-P 65 (b)] All ABB codes of conduct, policies, procedures, requirements, 
approved codes of practice (ACOP), etc. listed below are mandatory for the entire 
ABB Group, including joint ventures, consortia, working partnerships, and third-
party service providers under ABB management control. [MDR-P 65 (e)] Relevant 
internal and external stakeholders are expected to benefit from the implementation 
of our policies. [MDR-P 65 (f)] All policies are made available for internal 
stakeholders through our intranet. Policies are communicated and provided to 
respective external stakeholders via our website, contractual documents and 
supplier portals. [MDR-P 65 (a)] Monitoring of the effectiveness of policies is 
determined in each policy individually, which may designate the policy owner or 
business functions as responsible, as appropriate. 
ABB WAY 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] The ABB Way is our operating model, a governance framework that 
is designed to safeguard ABB from financial and reputational harm and to enable 
us to work closely with our customers and stakeholders. It defines how we operate 
and create value through our business model, people and culture, brand, and 
governance. To ensure strong governance, the ABB Way links mandatory 
documents such as policies and procedures. Depending on who issues them, they 
are applicable to one or more business areas or divisions. Policies describe what is 
and what is not allowed. Procedures explain how to implement and comply with 
the Code of Conduct or a policy. 
 

[page 42]
40 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
S2-R-02 (UPSTREAM) 
S3-PI-01  
 
SUSTAINABILITY POLICY 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] The Sustainability Policy aims to set out the core sustainability 
practices that drive the development and implementation of the Sustainability 
Agenda, ensuring that ABB is enabling a more sustainable and resource-efficient 
future, hereby meeting evolving stakeholder requirements. The policy is supported 
by mandatory sustainability procedures and annexed documents and provides a 
model for functional governance and operational deployment of the Sustainability 
Agenda. 
The Sustainability Accountability Model, an annex to this policy, details the 
functional governance required to effectively deploy the policy including roles and 
responsibilities and decision and escalation processes. The Sustainability Council 
approves the Sustainability Accountability Model and any changes to it. 
The Sustainability Policy covers all sustainability topics and some IROs at a high 
level. Additionally, some IROs are covered by more specific policies as indicated 
below. 
E1-O-01 
E1-O-02 
E1-O-03 
E1-O-04 
E1-O-05 
E1-R-01 
E1-R-02 
E1-R-03 
E1-PI-01 
E1-PI-02 
E1-NI-01 
E1-NI-02 
E1-NI-03 
E1-NI-04 
CLIMATE PROCEDURE 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] In 2025, ABB simplified the procedure structure by creating a Climate 
Procedure that covers all key climate-related targets and actions, superseding 
previous policies. Effective since December 1, 2025, the changes to the Climate 
Procedure have no impact on the targets, actions or metrics linked to the policy and 
IROs. To reach our overarching target of net-zero emissions by 2050, we have set 
near-term (2030) and long-term (2050) targets. The Climate Procedure details the 
key roles and responsibilities associated with delivering upon these targets: 
• In reducing our scope 1 emissions we have committed to electrifying our 
fleet of vehicles in line with the requirements of the EV100 initiative of the 
Climate Group. 
• Our commitment to reach 100 percent of our electricity consumption from 
renewable sources by 2030 is in line with the RE100 initiative of the 
Climate Group. 
• We want to improve our energy productivity by 20 percent and implement 
energy management systems meeting our Smart Energy Coalition 
(formerly EP100) initiative commitment. 
• Decarbonization of fossil-fueled assets, SF6-management and reduction in 
GHG emissions from refrigerants (HFCs) are the last part of our scope 1 & 
2 reduction efforts. 
• To decrease absolute GHG emissions in our value chain we need to work 
with suppliers and customers as 99 percent of our value chain emissions 
are concentrated in the scope 3 categories 1 (Purchased Goods and 
Services) and 11 (Use of Sold Products). 
Furthermore, the Climate Procedure covers our approach to assessing physical 
climate risks, climate transition risks and opportunities as well as managing 
adaptation measures across our facilities. 
 ENERGY MANAGEMENT REQUIREMENTS 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] This policy establishes the minimum requirements to be met for 
energy management at sites and in operations controlled by ABB. It demands from 
all ABB units to establish an energy baseline and to classify the significance of their 
energy footprint. Site managers are asked to consider energy in long-term 
planning, including the identification and consideration of retrofit requirements. 
ABB units with significant energy footprints shall introduce a basic energy 
management system and an action plan. This policy is complemented by an Energy 
Management ACOP, which includes concrete examples or suggestions of how this 
can be done. 

[page 43]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   41 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
E5-NI-01 
E3-NI-01  
E3-NI-02 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROCEDURE 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] Our Environmental Procedure has been effective from December 1, 
2025, superseding previous policies. The change is a result of an internal policy 
revision process. The document describes specific objectives and targets related to 
waste, water and biodiversity. It builds on the Sustainability Policy, the Health, 
Safety, Environment (HSE) & Security Policy and is supported by different 
standards, that establish minimum requirements for the management of waste and 
water in entities under ABB’s operational control. 
Our procedure defines the key aspects and requirements of our following targets 
and ambitions:  
• We aim to send zero waste from our operations to landfill by 2030, 
wherever this is compatible with local conditions and regulations, while 
strengthening our capability to prevent and reduce waste generation by 
utilizing the waste hierarchy principles. 
• We aim to strengthen water stewardship at ABB sites located in areas of 
water stress. 
• We are committed to preserving biodiversity and to using land 
responsibly. 
• As set out in ABB’s Code of Conduct, ABB complies with environmental 
laws and regulations in the countries where we operate. 
Furthermore, the Environmental Procedure specifies the reporting requirements 
and the chain of responsibility as well as the exceptions management process. 
E5-O-01 
E5-O-02 
E5-O-03 
E5-R-01 
E5-PI-01 
E5-PI-02 
E5-NI-01 
E5-NI-02 
CIRCULARITY APPROACH 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] The key procedure guiding ABB’s circularity efforts is the Circularity 
Approach – Appendix to the Sustainability Policy, which defines how we apply 
circular economy principles across our products and operations. This procedure 
defines the targets, governance model, key performance indicators, methodologies 
and monitoring systems needed to ensure effective implementation of ABB’s 
circularity objectives. It supports the advancement of circular practices throughout 
the entire value chain, aiming to reduce resource use and improve the 
environmental performance of our products in alignment with both regulatory 
requirements and internal sustainability-related targets. Central to our Circularity 
Approach is the assessment of products against a set of eight KPIs in the ABB 
Circularity Framework. This includes circular design principles (in product design 
and serviceability) and sustainable materials content in products (including use of 
recycled resources). Also included are issues of product efficiency and lifetime 
duration, such as take-back and recycling services to increase the circularity of the 
materials used. The reduction of virgin raw materials intensity, resource-efficient 
manufacturing and packaging, optimized use phase and responsible end-of-life 
management are also elements of the framework. 
E3-NI-02 
 
WATER MANAGEMENT & CONSERVATION REQUIREMENTS 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] This document establishes the minimum requirements for the 
management of water at ABB-controlled sites. Among other things, it stipulates 
that all aspects and impacts of water withdrawal and use, as well as the discharge 
of wastewater, shall be identified, assessed and documented in accordance with 
applicable regulations. It also requires that ABB units that are located in water 
stressed areas and units with annual water withdrawals of more than 10,000 cubic 
meters must have an adequate action plan for how to reduce these withdrawals. 
These requirements are complemented by the Water Management & Conservation 
Approved Code of Practice (ACOP), which provides guidance and additional 
resources. 
 

[page 44]
42 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
S1-PI-01 
S1-PI-02 
S1-NI-01 
S1-O-01 
S1-R-02 
S1-R-03 
S2-NI-01 (UPSTREAM) 
G1-R-02 
G1-R-03 
G1-O-01 
G1-NI-01 
G1-PI-02 
G1-PI-05 
G1-PI-06 
CODE OF CONDUCT 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] The ABB Code of Conduct (CoC) is the foundation of our 
commitment to integrity. It provides practical guidance to our workforce, suppliers 
and other business partners in how we expect business to be conducted worldwide. 
We are convinced that, in order to continue to be an industry leader in a challenging 
environment, we must drive the highest standards of integrity, accountability, 
sustainability and transparency. 
The CoC stipulates five integrity principles: 
• We behave and do business in an ethical way. 
• We work in a safe and sustainable way. 
• We build trust with all stakeholders. 
• We protect ABB’s assets and reputation. 
• We speak up and do not retaliate. 
The CoC includes 16 integrity focus areas including, among other aspects, anti-
bribery and anti-corruption, communication, conflicts of interest, fair 
competition/antitrust, human rights, prevention of money laundering, privacy, etc. 
It also outlines how individual concerns can be raised, i.e., via our ABB Ethics 
hotline, and how potential whistleblowers will be protected. 
S1-PI-01 
S1-NI-01 
S1-R-03 
S1-R-04 
DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION POLICY 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] The ABB Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (D&I) Policy sets out the core 
elements of our diversity and inclusion practices within the ABB Group. It outlines 
the mandatory minimum standard by defining what is core within the area of D&I. 
To secure a sustainable, diverse workforce, all business areas, divisions and 
functions are required to adhere to our D&I strategy and its related targets and 
activities. These are intended to guide our decisions, increase awareness and 
ensure focus. 
S1-PI-01 
S1-PI-02 
S1-NI-01 
S1-O-01 
S1-R-03 
S1-R-05 
PEOPLE DEVELOPMENT POLICY 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] The People Development Policy underpins our approach to people 
development. It sets forth the central features of the people development practices 
that apply to all employees in our business areas and functions. It outlines 
mandatory minimum standards for each of our human resources focus areas: 
Employee Engagement, the Open Job Market, and our Learn, Connect, Grow 
approach. 
S1-PI-01 
S1-NI-01 
S1-O-01 
ENGAGEMENT SURVEY PROCEDURE 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] This procedure sets out the purpose and outlines the way in which 
the global ABB Engagement Survey is implemented each year, including the way the 
results are shared and actions set and followed up. The main purpose of the 
Employee Engagement Survey is to drive engagement in ABB, ensure that our 
employees are heard, and that actions based on the survey’s outcomes are 
implemented. The survey allows our business leaders and managers to track 
employee engagement in their teams year on year, understand what is working well 
in the organization, and to capture and take action on employees’ suggestions for 
improvement. To achieve this, the policy outlines key principles regarding 
confidentiality and access rights, as well as guidance on implementation and 
monitoring. 

[page 45]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   43 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
S1-PI-01 
S1-R-05 
OPEN JOB MARKET PROCEDURE 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] At the core of the ABB Way is our commitment to People and Culture. 
As such, we are committed to fostering an environment that provides fair and equal 
access to opportunities for everyone within our organization. 
To uphold this commitment, the Open Job Market procedure: 
• provides transparency of job opportunities; 
• provides guardrails to ensure that our recruitment process is fair and 
consistent; 
• improves sharing and movement of employees across different 
businesses and functions; and 
• empowers employees to pursue their desired career paths within ABB. 
S1-PI-02 
S1-O-01 
S1-NI-02 
S1-R-01 
S3-NI-01 
HEALTH, SAFETY, ENVIRONMENT (HSE) & SECURITY POLICY 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] In our Group-wide HSE&S Policy, we confirm to be committed to 
putting health, safety, environment, and security (HSE&S) at the heart of all our 
activities. This includes materials sourcing, product design, operations, and 
services and climate change. Required by the policy is an HSE&S management 
system based on internationally recognized sustainability standards, principles and 
commitments and is prepared and maintained in collaboration with business areas. 
The management standards cover 15 general topics and provide a framework for 
how we manage HSE&S across all ABB Sites. These standards will ensure 
compliance with ISO standards (14001, 45001 and partially other ISO standards due 
to ISO’s high-level structure). The control standards describe the minimum 
requirements expected by ABB for the management of an HSE&S task or risk. To 
date, there are 50 standards, but this number may increase as more tasks or risks in 
our operations are identified. 
S1-R-02 
S4-R-01 
G1-R-01 
INFORMATION & CYBER SECURITY POLICY 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] As ABB Information and associated systems are critical elements to 
the continuous development and growth of our business, ABB Information Systems 
must have appropriate preventative, detective, and response controls implemented 
and tested to maintain ongoing confidentiality, integrity, and availability of 
information, as well as ongoing integrity, availability and resilience of ABB systems. 
Therefore, this policy establishes a structured set of Information Security Policies 
and Standards as well as Cyber Security Policies and Standards that provide more 
granular details for those controls and identifies associated roles and 
responsibilities. Furthermore, it lays out the way of managing security incidents 
and our Information Security and Cyber Security principles. It also stipulates the 
Security Policies Structure and Governance and explains the implementation, 
compliance, monitoring and enforcement of the policy. 

[page 46]
44 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
E3-NI-01 
E3-NI-02 
S2-NI-01 (UPSTREAM)  
S2-NI-03 (UPSTREAM) 
S3-NI-02 
G1-NI-01  
G1-PI-02 
G1-PI-04 
SUPPLIER CODE OF CONDUCT 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] To make sure that we only work with suppliers who share our 
commitment to integrity, sustainability and human rights, we ask our suppliers to 
meet the requirements set out in our Supplier Code of Conduct (SCoC). The term 
“suppliers” refers to third parties, including individual contractors, that we engage 
to purchase goods and/or services and/or works from. The SCoC deals with human 
rights and decent work, health and safety, climate and environment, material 
compliance and responsible minerals, business ethics, business and information 
security, and procurement by suppliers. It also includes aspects of documentation, 
inspections, reporting, corrective actions, reporting concerns, and access to 
remedy. As a companion to the SCoC, the Supplier Code of Conduct 
Implementation Guide explains how a supplier can fulfill our requirements and 
addresses the topic in more detail. Furthermore, our suppliers are urged to comply 
with all regulations and laws applicable to them and to take appropriate action in 
case of non-compliance. 
[MDR-P 65 (d)] As third-party frameworks, the SCoC refers explicitly to the 
International Bill of Human Rights, the United Nations Guiding Principles on 
Business and Human Rights (UNGP), the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles 
and Rights at Work, the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), the Rio Declaration 
on Environment and Development, the UN Convention Against Corruption, the 
Convention on Biological Diversity, the UN Framework Convention on Climate 
Change (UNFCCC), the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary 
Movements of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal, the Stockholm Convention on 
Persistent Organic Pollutants (POPs), and the Minamata Convention on Mercury.  
S2-R-01 (UPSTREAM & 
DOWNSTREAM) 
S2-R-02 (DOWNSTREAM) 
S2-NI-01 (UPSTREAM & 
DOWNSTREAM) 
S2-NI-03 (DOWNSTREAM) 
S3-NI-02 
HUMAN RIGHTS POLICY AND DUE DILIGENCE FRAMEWORK 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] Our Human Rights Policy formalizes and specifies the commitment 
of ABB to support and respect the human rights of every individual and community 
as outlined in the ABB Code of Conduct. Furthermore, it provides a common 
framework that acknowledges the company’s responsibility to respect human 
rights, and it describes the management approach on human rights due diligence 
for ABB. 
ABB’s Human Rights Due Diligence Framework commits to implement human rights 
due diligence throughout its business to proactively assess, cease, prevent and 
mitigate actual and potential adverse human rights impacts on rightsholders along 
our value chain. Furthermore, it lays out the governance of an embedded and 
integrated respect for human rights with a cross-business Human Rights Working 
Group. The Framework requires us to track and communicate our performance, and 
it stipulates access to grievance and remedy. The Human Rights Working Group is 
responsible for defining the human rights roadmap, objectives and targets, 
including development programs, in collaboration with the Legal & Integrity 
function. 
[MDR-P 65 (d)] The policy supports and respects the following international human 
rights frameworks: International Bill of Human Rights; ILO Core Labour Conventions 
(including ILO Convention No. 138 on minimum age for admission to employment 
and ILO Convention No. 182 on the worst forms of child labor); OECD Guidelines for 
Multinational Enterprises; OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply 
Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas; UN Convention on 
the Rights of the Child; UNGPs; UNGC; UNICEF’s Children’s Rights and Business 
Principles (CRBP); Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights. 

[page 47]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   45 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
S2-NI-03 (UPSTREAM) 
 
SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY BASE MANAGEMENT REQUIREMENTS 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] The Sustainable Supply Base Management (SSBM) program is our 
way to verify suppliers’ compliance with the Supplier Code of Conduct and to fulfill 
the company’s legal due diligence obligations. This document establishes our 
minimum requirements to be met for the SSBM program, unless legislation and/or 
local regulations impose a higher standard, in which case that higher standard shall 
be followed. The SSBM program requires our divisions to verify the sustainability 
compliance of new suppliers. They shall perform supplier assessments on existing 
suppliers following a five-year cycle to ensure compliance with the requirements. 
Divisions are required to ensure the implementation of the SSBM program within 
their organization and to allocate sufficient budget to it, including training for 
suppliers. This document is complemented by the Sustainable Supply Base 
Management ACOP (see below). 
S2-NI-03 (UPSTREAM) 
 
SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY BASE MANAGEMENT ACOP 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] Our Sustainable Supply Base Management ACOP provides practical 
advice and guidance on the approved and recommended methods to ensure that 
our operations comply with the ABB Way. This ACOP determines the coverage of 
the SSBM program and its targets, KPIs and the external reporting requirements. 
Furthermore, it lays out the detailed program approach. The two types of on-site 
supplier audits that are part of the program – the generic protocol audit and the 
country-specific assessment – are explained in detail. 
S2-O-01 
S2-R-01 (UPSTREAM) 
G1-PI-04 
 
MANAGE VENDOR ONBOARDING PROCEDURE 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] Our Manage Vendor Onboarding Procedure provides the 
requirements for the onboarding and qualification process of all vendors prior to 
their set up in local ERPs exclusively via the Master Data Governance system and 
their engagement. It builds on the minimum requirements, laid out in the Vendor 
Onboarding and Qualification Policy. The procedure applies in all instances when a 
new vendor needs to be onboarded for purchasing or sourcing activities by ABB, 
unless the vendor belongs to a category which is exempted. Assessments included 
in the vendor onboarding procedure include both integrity assessments and 
sustainability assessments, covering topics such as human rights, labor rights, 
health, safety and environment. 
S2-R-01 (UPSTREAM) 
S2-NI-01 (UPSTREAM) 
S2-NI-03 (UPSTREAM) 
S3-NI-02 
ABB POLICY ON CONFLICT MINERALS 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] Responsibly sourcing conflict minerals and other minerals of concern 
is part of our responsible sourcing commitment. This is also reflected in the ABB 
Policy on Conflict Minerals. [MDR-P 65 (d)] We have established a Responsible 
Minerals Program based on the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible 
Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict Affected and High-Risk Areas, and other 
international standards. Within this program, we continue our work to understand 
and limit our exposure to conflict minerals (tantalum, tin, tungsten, and gold, or 
“3TG”), as defined by Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and 
Consumer Protection Act and EU Directive 2017/821. We request information from 
our suppliers on the source of these minerals and other minerals of concern, such 
as cobalt and mica, and work with them to avoid sourcing from smelters or refiners 
(SORs) in the covered countries (the Democratic Republic of the Congo and 
neighboring countries) and conflict-affected and high-risk areas (CAHRAs), other 
than those that have implemented OECD-aligned programs. We actively work with 
our suppliers to ensure that any minerals contained in the products and materials 
supplied to ABB originate from conflict-free sources and to transition away from 
smelters and refiners that have been defined as high-risk. 

[page 48]
46 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
S4-R-02 DATA PRIVACY – CORPORATE RULES 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] At ABB, respecting data protection rights is a priority. We have 
adopted global data protection standards to ensure a standardized and high level 
of protection of personal data. The standards stipulate our principles regarding the 
processing of sensible personal data including the rules of sharing data with data 
processors. Furthermore, they prescribe the process of handling complaints from 
data subjects and the third-party rights available to the data subjects. 
S4-R-02 PROCEDURE FOR END USERS OF GENERATIVE AI  
[MDR-P 65 (a)] Generative artificial intelligence (“Generative AI”) tools, their 
application and outputs have tremendous potential for ABB. These tools are still 
evolving and so are the risks and regulatory frameworks, both at the local and 
global level. The objective of this procedure is to enable all ABB personnel to use 
generative AI tools for work purposes responsibly, in accordance with regulatory 
requirements, the ABB Code of Conduct, the Generative Artificial Intelligence Policy, 
and to ensure the associated risks are appropriately managed. It stipulates the 
rules for ABB licensed generative AI tools as well as publicly available generative AI 
Tools and embedded generative AI tools. 
 SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING POLICY 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] The objective of the Sustainability Reporting Policy is to establish 
the rules, requirements, roles and responsibilities related to sustainability reporting 
to enhance the transparency and credibility of our sustainability performance. It 
also describes the implementation approach to ensure we can provide accurate and 
consistent sustainability information to our stakeholders. The policy stipulates that 
all sustainability data published in ABB’s Sustainability Statement adheres to the 
minimum reporting principles in alignment with ESRS, namely relevance, faithful 
representation, comparability and consistency, verifiability, and understandability. 
It explains the sustainability reporting governance at ABB and gives details about 
the roles and responsibilities involved in the reporting process. 
 TAX POLICY 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] As part of our commitment to the highest standards of corporate 
governance and responsibility, we apply great care to the management of tax 
affairs, which is outlined in our Tax Policy. Our approach is to comply with the letter 
and the spirit of applicable tax laws and regulations in the countries where we 
operate. The Tax Policy outlines the role of the tax function at ABB and explains our 
Tax Control Framework. The related ABB Tax Control Framework follows a yearly 
structured approach with respect to how tax risks are identified, managed and 
monitored. 
G1-R-01 (UPSTREAM) ABB CYBER SECURITY REQUIREMENTS FOR SUPPLIERS 
[MDR-P 65 (a)] Our ABB Cyber Security Requirements for suppliers outline minimum 
cyber security requirements applicable to ABB suppliers that process, access, 
interact with or store ABB information and/or Personally Identifiable Information 
(PII), have access to our information systems or supply software-related products 
and/or services to ABB. The requirements cover IT security, including but not 
limited to topics such as incident response, human resource security and network 
security. Additionally, this document states minimum cyber security requirements 
that shall be fulfilled for any software-related product that is supplied to ABB 
pursuant to the respective contract referencing this document. 
 
The following IROs are not linked to any policy: S2-PI-01, S2-NI-02, S4-R-03, S4-R-
04, S4-NI-01. 
 

[page 49]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   47 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
— 
Sustainability-
related targets 
[E1-4 32 | E5-3 23 | S1-5 46 | S2-5 41] In 2025, we made progress toward our 
sustainability targets. We achieved our 2025 objective of covering through SSBM at 
least 80 percent of spend on high-risk suppliers in focus countries and remained on 
track to meet our 2030 targets and ambitions. We also conducted a review of our 
targets, as a result of which some have been removed or changed. 
In addition to our sustainability targets, we defined ambitions that guide our 
sustainability efforts. While our targets typically focus on impacts across all of our 
businesses, our ambitions are typically focused on impacts that are more specific 
to certain businesses or geographical regions. 
For more information on each target, please see the respective targets sections in 
the topical chapters. 
 
  

[page 50]
48 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF TARGETS 
[MDR-T 80 (b), 80 (d), 80 (e), 80 (j)] 
 
Target Unit Base year1 Baseline value 2025 status 2024 status 
2025 reduction 
compared to 
base year  
       Absolute 
value % 
[E1] Protecting the climate 
 
Reduce own scope 1 and 2 CO₂e 
emissions by at least 80% by 
2030 and by 100% by 2050 
ktCO2e 2019 631 134 138 (497) (79)% 
 
Reduce scope 3 CO₂e emissions 
by 25% by 2030 and by 90% by 
20502 
ktCO2e 2022 429,854 425,310 392,299 (4,544) (1)% 
[E5] Committing to circularity 
 
Achieve 80% alignment score 
for product-based revenues 
with the ABB Circularity 
Framework by 20303 
% 2025 - 27% - n.a. n.a. 
 
Send zero waste to landfill while 
reducing waste generation by 
20304 
kt 2019 
16.8kt equivalent 
to 8.8% of total 
waste 
10.3 kt, equivalent 
to 
5.3% of total waste 
9.3 kt, equivalent to 
5.8% of total waste n.a. n.a. 
[S1] Responsibility for our employees 
 
Zero life-changing events to our 
people and contractors  - 2025 - 5 14 n.a. n.a. 
 
Increase proportion of women in 
senior management5 roles to 
25% by 20306 
% 2019 11.7% 22.6% 21.3% n.a. n.a. 
 
Achieve a top-tier7 employee 
engagement score - 2019 71/100 80/100 78/100 n.a. n.a. 
[S2] Social protection in the value chain 
 
At least 80% of supply spending 
in focus countries8 covered by 
Sustainable Supply Base 
Management (SSBM) by 2030 
% n.a. n.a. 
Using a risk-based approach, a mid-term 
2025 target has been set, focusing on 
high-risk suppliers in focus countries. 
n.a. n.a. 
 
At least 80% of spending on 
high-risk suppliers9 in focus 
countries covered by SSBM by 
2025 
% n.a. n.a. 
At the end of 2025, 
80% of high-risk 
supply spending in 
focus countries was 
covered by the 
SSBM program. 
At the end of 2024, 
68% of high-risk 
supply spending in 
focus countries was 
covered by the 
SSBM program. 
n.a. n.a. 
[G1] Good business conduct 
 
Continue to link sustainability 
targets to executives’ variable 
pay, until 2030 (recurring target 
that needs to be met every year) 
- 2019 
Under the AIP, a 
safety goal was 
included within 
the individual 
measure for 
some members 
of ABB’s EC.  
Target achieved - all 
EC members have 
at least one 
measurable 
sustainability-
related target 
assigned to their 
variable 
compensation. 
Target achieved - all 
EC members have 
at least one 
measurable 
sustainability-
related target 
assigned to their 
variable 
compensation. 
- - 
1 Where base year applies. 
2 Scope 3 Category 1 2024 values have been restated to reflect a refined methodology for the impact of currency conversion as well as an adjustment of emission factors 
for some spend categories. 
3 Product-based revenues are, by default, non-service-related third-party revenues from ABB-owned products, excluding systems, internal sales and non-promoted 
brands. Exclusions follow documented company guidelines. The Robotics division, which is being divested in 2026, is not included in the target for 2025. For 2025 46% of 
the product based revenues have been assessed. 
4 Waste from demolition and construction are excluded from the target; waste sent to incineration without energy recovery is included. In 2025, the calculation of the KPI 
was refined to include hazardous waste sent to landfill or incineration, which was previously excluded. 
5 At ABB, senior managers are defined as employees in Hay grade 1-7, including division presidents.  
6 The target relates to countries where policies legally permit and to the extent that it does not conflict with any applicable local laws, where ABB operates. 13% of total 
senior management is not included in the disclosure. 
7 We define “top-tier” as performance within the Viva Glint Global top 25 percent benchmark and assume consistent participation across business areas, regions and 
roles.  
8 Current focus countries are Brazil, Bulgaria, China, Egypt, India, Malaysia, Mexico, Peru, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Thailand, Tunisia and Türkiye. 

[page 51]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   49 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
9 High-risk suppliers are suppliers who supply ABB with goods or services for which there is a high occupational health and safety, environmental or social risk. 
 
 
 Ambition Unit Base 
year1 
Baseline 
value 2025 status 2024 status 
  
[E1] Protecting the climate 
 
Ambition to avoid 600 
megatons CO₂e emissions 
throughout lifetime of 
products sold from 2022 to 
20302 
MtCO2e 2022 - 285 204 
[S3] Protecting vulnerable communities  
 
Ambition to expand programs 
for community engagement - - - 
In 2025, we launched 
our new Community 
of Practice (CoP), incl. 
colleagues across 
functions 
and countries. At 
Group-level, we set 
guidance and sign-off 
priorities, while our 
CoP connects local 
practitioners and 
shares knowledge, 
enhancing local 
capabilities.  
In 2024, we released an 
internal guideline to 
formalize our 
community 
engagement strategy 
and provide direction on 
developing projects 
aligned with our 
Sustainability Agenda  
and our Four Focus 
Areas (4Es) of 
intervention. 
1 Where base year applies. 
2 Avoided emissions status is cumulative for 2022-2025 and 2022-2024, respectively. 
  
  
       
 
 
[ESRS 2 MDR-T 80 (h)] At ABB, internal stakeholders are systematically involved in 
the setting of sustainability-related targets. Targets are typically developed in 
cooperation between Corporate Sustainability and various sustainability-related 
workstreams, which involve all business areas. External expertise is included by 
taking relevant established frameworks into account, which may involve periods of 
close cooperation. Examples are the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) for our 
climate targets or UL Solutions for the Zero Waste to Landfill target. Targets are 
discussed and approved by the Board of Directors, after proposal of its 
Governance and Nomination Committee (GNC). 

[page 52]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
01 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
INFORMATION  
  
Protecting the climate 51 
Committing to circularity 77 
Water management at ABB 86 
EU Taxonomy: Disclosures for financial year 2025 89 
  
 

[page 53]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   51 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
PROTECTING THE CLIMATE 
 
— 
Toward a low-
carbon society 
Enabling a low-carbon society is at the center of our purpose and value proposition 
and a key pillar of our Sustainability Agenda. We aim to drive the shift towards a 
low-carbon society with innovative technologies. Thereby we want to help our 
customers reduce and avoid emissions through our products, solutions and 
services. Our expertise in electrification and automation enables greater energy 
efficiency and the integration of renewable energies into the energy mix. We also 
work toward reducing emissions in our own operations as well as in those of our 
suppliers and customers. 
 
[E1-1] TRANSITION PLAN FOR CLIMATE CHANGE MITIGATION 
Near and long-term targets 
[E1-1 14 | E1-1 16 (a)] To achieve net zero, ABB has set near-term and long-term 
targets aligned with the Corporate Net-Zero Standard of the Science Based 
Targets initiative (SBTi), which guide our Climate Transition Plan. Both sets of 
targets employ the absolute contraction methodology as outlined by the SBTi and 
have been validated by the initiative. They are not only science-based but the long-
term targets are also in line with limiting global warming to 1.5°C in line with the 
Paris Agreement. For further information on our targets, please see below and in 
the targets section under E1-4. 
• Near-term targets (2030) 
o Decrease absolute scope 1 and 2 (operational) GHG emissions by 80 
percent between 2019 and 2030. The target has been approved by 
the SBTi and is 1.5°C aligned. 
o Decrease absolute scope 3 (value chain) GHG emissions by 25 percent 
between 2022 and 2030. The target has been approved by the SBTi 
and is “Well below 2°C aligned”. 
• Long-term targets (2050) 
o Decrease absolute scope 1 and 2 (operational) GHG emissions by 100 
percent between 2019 and 2050. The target has been approved by 
the SBTi and is 1.5°C aligned. 
o Decrease absolute scope 3 (value chain) GHG emissions by 90 
percent between 2022 and 2050. The target has been approved by 
the SBTi and is 1.5°C aligned. 
DECARBONIZING OUR OWN OPERATIONS 
[E1-1 16 (b)] To reduce our scope 1 and 2 emissions, we are implementing several 
measures, such as our commitment to the EV100 and RE100 initiatives of The 
Climate Group, to reduce emissions from our fleet and operations. Our transition 
plan quantifies these measures against our emissions base (see graph below).In 
2025, we achieved a reduction of 79 percent in our scope 1 and 2 emissions 
compared to 2019. This progress was driven primarily by the implementation of 
energy efficiency improvements, the roll-out of renewable energy at our sites and 
further reduction of SF6 leakages at our sites. As a result, we are on track to reach 
our near-term 2030 target of 80 percent emission reduction. 

[page 54]
52 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
The strong progress towards our scope 1 and 2 targets has also been supported by 
our drive to improve energy efficiency, which has reduced our total operational 
energy consumption every year from 2020 to 2025. 
Scope 1 and 2 reduction plan 
 
 
The chart above shows the expected effects of each measure in reducing our 
emissions compared to our base year. The most impactful measure by far is the 
shift to renewable electricity. However, the other measures are important 
contributors to our emissions targets and will lead to significant changes in the 
way we run our operations. 
As we approach our 2030 target, we remain committed to our existing targets of 
sourcing 100 percent of our electricity from renewables and electrifying our vehicle 
fleet. Delivering against these commitments combined with our strong progress in 
other areas means we are now forecasting an 86 percent reduction in scope 1 and 
2 emissions by 2030 versus our 2019 base. For further information on our actions 
to achieve progress on our targets, please see section E1-3. 
Switch to renewable energy 
In line with our RE100 commitment, we plan to consume our electricity from 
renewable sources by 2030. This commitment applies to our global operations, 
including factories, warehouses and offices. 
Key actions include continued progress on: 
• installation of on-site solar panels to directly generate renewable 
electricity; 
• reduction of electricity demand via energy efficiency, for example, 
upgrade lighting systems to LEDs; and 
• sourcing of 100 percent renewable electricity across all ABB sites by 2030. 
Electrifying our vehicle fleet 
To align with our EV100 commitment, we are in the process of transitioning to an 
electric vehicle fleet by 2030. 
Key actions include continued progress on: 
• replacing internal combustion engine vehicles with electric vehicles by 
2030; and 
• expanding EV charging infrastructure across all ABB-owned locations. 
Reducing the use of SF6 
Sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) is an excellent insulator for the medium-voltage power 
equipment that we produce, but it is also the most potent greenhouse gas in 
terms of global warming potential. We are focused on continually reducing SF6 
leakages in our operations and the need for SF6 in our products. This has the 
knock-on effect of reducing the need to handle SF6 at our sites. 


[page 55]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   53 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
Key actions include continued progress on: 
• minimizing the use of SF₆ with process improvements in medium-voltage 
manufacturing; 
• introducing SF6-free products to the market (e.g., UniSec Air); and 
• providing additional training to personnel to identify continuous 
improvements in established procedures to reduce SF6 leakages. 
Reducing the use of fossil fuels 
We use fossil fuels (mainly natural gas) in various productions to generate process 
heat and for general heating. Our aim is to reduce the use of fossil fuels by 
replacing machinery and innovating production processes that still rely on them. 
Due to the long lifespan of production assets, full decarbonization will not be 
achieved by 2030. We expect to fully decarbonize our operations by our long-term 
target date of 2050. 
Key actions include continued progress on: 
• replacing fossil-fuel-based heating systems with heat-pump solutions; 
• implementing Building Energy Management Systems (BEMS) to optimize 
energy use; and 
• electrifying existing process heat applications. 
DECARBONIZATION IN OUR VALUE CHAIN 
In 2025, although our scope 3 GHG emissions increased compared to 2024, they 
are 1 percent lower compared to the base year of 2022, with key drivers of the year-
on-year increase being strong growth of orders and unit shipments in parts of the 
business, as well as a shift in sales mix within our product portfolio. We follow the 
current GHG Protocol guidance under which 97 % of our scope 3 emissions are 
downstream in the Use of Sold Products category. The guidance indicates that in 
many cases for ABB the full energy input to our products and not just the energy 
loss must be accounted for. Reducing emissions that occur downstream with 
customers during the use of ABB products requires decarbonization of the energy 
used throughout their lifetime. The increase in scope 3 emissions is a result of 
energy-intensive products used by customers powered by electricity, which 
globally still often relies on significant use of fossil fuels. Advanced energy 
efficiency, electrification and grid decarbonization are key drivers of the global 
energy transition. The sale of ABB products that support the integration of 
renewables into the grid, for example, will in turn lead to reductions of our own 
scope 3 emissions in the long term. 
To reduce our scope 3 emissions, we are focusing on the following two categories, 
which account for 99 % of our value chain emissions: 
• Category 1 (purchased goods and services) 
• Category 11 (use of sold products) 
Scope 3 reduction plan for 2030 
 


[page 56]
54 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
Scope 3.1 Purchased goods and services 
To reduce our category 1 emissions, we are focused on sourcing key materials with 
a lower GHG impact, including low-carbon steel, copper, aluminum and plastics. 
This will also help us meet growing demand from customers for products with a 
lower carbon footprint. However, switching to low-carbon materials is not without 
its challenges. One is cost – certain materials, such as low-carbon steel, are 
considerably more expensive. Another is availability – rising market demand for 
low-carbon materials can lead to shortages and fluctuating prices, thereby 
affecting our sourcing strategies. 
To manage these challenges, we need to work closely with suppliers and obtain 
clear information about the emissions linked to the materials we source. In 2025, 
ABB has been working on collecting more supplier specific emissions data.  
To reduce category 1 emissions, we are focused on 
• collaborating with suppliers and customers on low-carbon material 
availability and use; 
• increasing availability of product carbon footprints (PCFs) from suppliers; 
and 
• engaging suppliers on carbon reduction roadmaps through to 2030. 
Scope 3.11 Use of sold products 
Most of our scope 3 emissions come from the use of sold products (category 11). 
Many of these products are designed to help our customers reduce their 
emissions, so there is a strong connection between these emissions and our 
efforts to lower the overall carbon intensity of the energy sector. At the same time, 
we also rely on other key players to help drive grid decarbonization, and this 
dependency poses a risk to meeting our climate targets. 
To reduce category 11 emissions, we are focused on: 
• supporting the decarbonization of electricity grids with innovative 
technologies; 
• improving energy efficiency in industries by working with customers to 
implement the most efficient products available; and 
• developing new products to boost energy efficiency and help reduce 
carbon emissions. 
By increasing the amount of clean energy flowing into the electricity grid – for 
instance with our solutions to stabilize grids powered by renewables in Spain’s 
Canary and Balearic Islands – we can reduce emissions from our sold products. 
Locked-in emissions 
[E1-1 16 (d)] ABB’s global manufacturing sites have long-lived, capital-intensive 
assets some of which are powered by fossil fuels. This creates temporary locked-in 
emissions until machinery and processes are upgraded. However, with our 
commitment to phase out fossil fuels and cut scope 1 and 2 emissions by 100 
percent until 2050, these emissions are not considered locked-in in the long-term. 
Products and solutions for the marine market 
ABB’s scope 3 downstream emissions are the largest contributor to our corporate 
carbon footprint, primarily due to the significant electric power consumption of 
sold products, particularly in category 11, which covers their use phase. 
The electrification of industry and the decarbonization of electricity grids are 
widely recognized as important strategies to reach net-zero emissions3.Given the 
trajectory of grid decarbonization forecast by the International Energy Agency 
under the Announced Pledges Scenario, we do not consider these emissions as 
locked-in. 
 
3 https://www.iea.org/energy-system/electricity/electrification 

[page 57]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   55 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
The one area of our downstream emissions not associated with grid electricity 
consumption is in our Marine & Ports business, which supplies propulsion 
equipment to marine vessels. For this part of the business, we utilize forecasts of 
shipping decarbonization from the International Maritime Organization. This is a 
hard-to-abate sector where significant investments are required to shift to 
alternative fuels. We expect that reducing emissions in this part of our value chain 
will take longer than in the electricity sector. 
ABB is tackling this challenge in the following ways4: 
• Energy efficiency improvements; 
o providing high-efficiency propulsion solutions that improve the 
energy efficiency of vessels: 
• Azipod® propulsion; 
• ABB DynafinTM; 
o auxiliary electrification of cargo ships (shaft generators); 
o digital solutions (weather routing); 
• Electrification of ports (shore-to-ship power); and 
• Electrification of vessels; for shorter distances, ABB has been developing 
and is now offering customers hybrid and fully electric vessels. 
All the solutions we offer are compatible with the shift towards lower carbon and 
renewable fuels in the shipping industry. 
FINANCIAL RESOURCING 
[E1-1 16 (c), 16 (e), E1 MDR-A 69 (a), 69 (b)] Our Climate Transition Plan outlines a 
comprehensive approach to reducing scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions in line with 
our near- and long-term climate targets. In this phase of implementation, the plan 
places particular emphasis on operational emissions (scope 1 and 2), which are 
where we can drive immediate and measurable impact. 
Accordingly, the financial investments currently detailed in this plan relate to 
decarbonization initiatives within our own operations (scope 1 and 2). Investments 
targeting scope 3 upstream emissions (scope 3 category 1) are under way but not 
quantified as low-carbon materials are part of our sourcing approach and 
premiums are not always applicable. Although our current financial investment 
disclosures are concentrated on scope 1 and 2 emissions, we acknowledge that 
scope 3 – particularly category 11 (use of sold products) – accounts for most of our 
carbon footprint. We are actively evaluating appropriate methodologies to 
quantify our scope 3-related investments. In addition, operational expenditures 
(OpEx) linked to climate change mitigation are being mapped and integrated into 
the investment assessment methodology. 
In 2025, we allocated $11.8 million in capital expenditure (CapEx) to climate 
mitigation efforts across our real estate portfolio. Our sustainability team 
collaborates closely with our real estate teams to assess and categorize individual 
decarbonization projects. 
 
4 https://global.abb/group/en/stories/energy-transition/transport/martime-
transport 

[page 58]
56 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
Overview of key climate mitigation measures and investments (FY 2025)  
Measure Scope 
addressed 
Investment  
($ in 
millions)1,2 
On-site solar panel installations Scope 2 3.2 
HVAC and heat pumps Scope 1 & 2 4.2 
Energy efficiency and building energy 
management systems (BEMS) Scope 1 & 2 4.4 
Total  11.8 
Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add to the totals provided. 
Comparatives not shown unless already reported in the 2024 Sustainability report. 
1 The reported values reflecting global CapEx investments in scope 1 and 2 decarbonization actions are 
not fully aligned with EU Taxonomy CapEx reported numbers. While eligibility values under the EU 
Taxonomy can be assessed globally, alignment requires fulfillment of specific criteria limited to the EU 
that are not applied globally. A further difference in the Transition Plan numbers is the application of a 
significance threshold for projects over $250k in the areas solar PV, HVAC (including heat pumps), 
BEMS, lighting and energy efficiency. 
2 Investment projects above $250k in FY25. 
 
 
EU Paris-aligned benchmarks 
[E1-1 16 (g)] The EU Paris-aligned benchmark is a standard set by the European 
Union to ensure that companies align with the climate goals established by the 
Paris Agreement. ABB is not excluded from the EU Paris-aligned benchmarks in 
accordance with the exclusion criteria stated in articles 12.1 (d) to (g) and 12.2 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818 (Climate Benchmark Standards 
Regulation) and thus supports in limiting global warming as per the Paris 
Agreement. 
Climate Transition Plan in overall business strategy and financial planning 
[E1-1 16 (h)] The monitoring of our Climate Transition Plan is an ongoing and 
dynamic process. We have established a robust framework by establishing a 5-year 
forecast performed by each division and business area for financial and 
sustainability targets that include decarbonization (scope 1, 2 and 3), reviewed by 
the Board. We are continually enhancing our methodologies to effectively track 
progress towards our climate targets. We will monitor and assess our progress 
made on an annual basis to determine whether any modifications to our plan are 
required. To incentivize progress on the Climate Transition Plan, a portion of our 
management’s compensation is linked to ABB’s climate performance (scope 1 and 
2). This is intended to encourage employees across the company to consider 
climate impacts in their day-to-day work. 
Governance and monitoring 
[E1-1 16 (i)] Our Climate Transition Plan is reviewed by the Board, which reviews 
and approves our Sustainability Agenda and targets. Our climate targets, which 
are SBTi-validated, encompass scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions. The transition 
trajectory, underlying analysis and associated measures have been reviewed at the 
Board level. 
[E1-1 16 (j)] Progress made in implementing the plan in 2025 includes the following 
key elements: 
• integration of the physical and transitional risk assessment into the plan; 
• quantification of scope 1, 2 and 3 emission reductions for the outlined 
decarbonization levers through to 2030; 
• monetary quantification of key CapEx-related actions on scope 1 and 2; 
and 
• formal approval of the Climate Transition Plan by the GNC obtained 
during 2025. 

[page 59]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   57 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
[E1-7] GHG REMOVALS AND GHG MITIGATION PROJECTS FINANCED THROUGH 
CARBON CREDITS 
[E1-7 60] ABB is a signatory to the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). As the 
SBTi Net Zero standard only allows for Negative Emission Technologies (NETs) to 
be used for a maximum of 10 percent of residual emissions in 2050, rather than for 
2030 targets, we will analyze the respective investment options later. 
[E1-8] INTERNAL CARBON PRICING 
[E1-8 62] ABB does not apply any internal carbon pricing schemes. 
 
— 
Climate risks: 
physical and 
transition 
[E1 SBM-3] RESILIENCE IN CLIMATE MATTERS 
[E1 SBM-3 18] The allocation of our material climate risks to physical or transition 
risks is as follows (for the explanation of the IRO-IDs and description of IROs, please 
see IRO table in ESRS 2 IRO-1 in the chapter “Sustainability at ABB”): 
• E1-R-01: transition risk; 
• E1-R-02: transition risk; and 
• E1-R-03: physical risk. 
 
— 
Climate risk and 
opportunity 
assessment 
[E1 SBM-3 18 | E1 SBM-3 19 (a), 19 (b) | E1 SBM-3 AR 7 (b)] In addition to the Double 
Materiality Assessment (DMA) and the dedicated climate gross assessments for 
physical risks, transition risks and transition opportunities (for more information 
see E1 IRO-1, p. 59), which identified and assessed risks and opportunities without 
considering the effects of operational and planned responses, ABB performed a 
resilience analysis during this reporting year. This analysis evaluated the material 
net risks and opportunities to the business model against a range of plausible 
climate scenarios (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) RCP8.5, 
RCP4.5 for physical climate risk, and International Energy Agency (IEA) “Net Zero 
Emissions by 2050” (NZE 1.5°C) for transition risks and opportunities), reflecting 
both high-emission pathways and scenarios aligned with the Paris Agreement.  
The resilience analysis was conducted to identify material net physical risks, 
transition risks and transition opportunities by assessing how effectively the 
operational and planned responses mitigate the identified climate-related gross 
risks and realize gross opportunities. Additionally, the analysis tested the capacity 
of our existing strategy and risk management processes to adapt to any relevant 
potential climate-related risks. By understanding where our business is most 
vulnerable and where opportunities for mitigation and adaptation are located, we 
ultimately aim to strategically strengthen our operational resilience. 
[E1 SBM-3 AR 7 (b)] The resilience analysis focused on material risks and 
opportunities, applying the same definitions for short-, medium- and long-term 
time horizons as those used for the gross physical climate risk assessment and the 
gross transition risk and opportunity assessment (see section E1 IRO-1 below). 
[E1 SBM-3 19 (a)] For the physical climate risk resilience analysis, all relevant 
manufacturing sites worldwide that are exposed to material gross physical risks 
(e.g., flooding) were in scope. For transition risks, the assessment was performed 
at business area and corporate function level, with consideration of potential risks 
and opportunities across the whole value chain, utilizing the risk and opportunity 
drivers recommended by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD). 
In principle, our approach to assessing ABB’s resilience in relation to physical 
climate risks consists of three main steps: 

[page 60]
58 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
• [E1 SBM-3 AR 7 (b)] Calculation of gross risks: We perform a forward-
looking climate scenario analysis, covering physical climate risks for 
material sites based on two relevant scenarios and three time horizons 
(for more information see E1 IRO-1 on p. 59). 
• Prioritization of sites: We apply a structured methodology to prioritize 
sites based on their gross risk exposure and the materiality of potential 
financial impacts. 
• Qualitative assessment of net risks: For the prioritized sites, we 
collaborate with local site managers to identify operational and planned 
adaptation responses. Based on this analysis, we derive a qualitative 
metric that reflects each site’s level of protection, considering the 
effectiveness of current and planned responses against identified 
hazards. As a result, we determine the residual net physical climate risks 
for the prioritized sites. In addition to physical adaptation responses, 
insurance coverage is available as a non-physical measure further 
reducing the remaining net risk. Potential uncertainties related to the 
resilience analysis are rooted in the assumptions made in the underlying 
gross physical risk analysis (e.g., climate data), as well as the qualitative 
assessment of the adaptation responses. 
[E1 SBM-3 19 (b)] Our approach to assess the resilience towards transition risks 
builds on the qualitative assessment of gross transition risks (see section E1 IRO-1, 
p. 59): 
We engage with representatives from the business areas and corporate functions 
to identify and assess the velocity, impact and likelihood of net transition risks and 
opportunities through the same ERM-aligned methodology as the gross risks and 
opportunities. Our risk and response owners, as well as representatives from the 
business areas and corporate functions, assess the effectiveness of operational 
responses, leading to a qualitative assessment of ABB’s resilience towards 
transition risks. 
[E1 SBM-3 19 (c) | E1 SBM-3 AR 8 (b)] In 2025, the physical climate risk-related 
resilience analysis concluded that ABB faces a relatively low level of net physical 
climate risk across its operations in all time horizons. Among other temperature 
and solid mass-related hazards, the major gross physical risk identified (see 
section E1-9, p. 75) is flooding, which is well managed through robust adaptation 
responses, including site-specific protections like flood defenses and emergency 
preparedness protocols. Additionally, our geographically diversified 
manufacturing footprint and supply chain further enhance the resilience by 
reducing dependencies on any single location or region. The main focus of the 
physical climate risk assessment is on own operations, for which a material risk 
might be more impactful than the upstream and downstream value chain, which is 
highly diversified. Thereby we follow a top-down approach for identifying physical 
climate risks in the value chain (see section E1-9). We take steps to mitigate any 
identified risks through dedicated measures, which include, for example, 
considering multiple suppliers for components during the R&D process, requesting 
business continuity plans from suppliers, or establishing such plans internally, if a 
dependency on a single supplier cannot be avoided (see section G1-2 15 (a), p. 132). 
[E1 SBM-3 19 (c) | E1 SBM-3 AR 8 (b)] Although ABB is exposed to transition risks 
especially in the categories reputation, market, and policy and legal, the 2025 
resilience analysis demonstrated that the opportunities from the energy 
transition, arising mainly in the categories products and services, resource 
efficiency and markets, can have a greater impact on our business than the risks. 
The resilience analysis has shown that we are able to address the identified 
transition risks through our continuous investment in R&D and the ongoing 
development of our products and strategy. Potential uncertainties related to the 
resilience analysis are based on assumptions made in the underlying transition 
climate risk analysis. 

[page 61]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   59 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
[E1 SBM-3 AR 8 (b)] In conclusion, we have established business contingency plans 
to ensure operational continuity under the various potential effects of climate 
change. Our climate risk assessments together with our Climate Transition Plan 
and the identified levers, all support us in adapting our strategy and business 
model where appropriate. For dedicated actions towards a low-carbon society, 
please see our Climate Transition Plan (section E1-1 above). 
[E1 SBM-3 19 (b)] Going forward, our ERM team triggers an annual review to update 
the risk landscape based on regulatory requirements and, if necessary, updates 
the climate-related risk and opportunity assessments. 
 
— 
Climate change as a 
material topic 
[E1 IRO-1] IDENTIFYING AND ASSESSING MATERIAL IROs 
[E1 IRO-1 20 (a), 20 (b) | E1 IRO-1 AR 9] ABB’s climate-related IROs have been a pivotal 
factor in our 2025 updated DMA. A number of other processes, analyses and 
assessments contributed to our understanding of the prevalent risks. This includes 
our analyses of physical and transition risks resulting from climate change as well 
as our analyses of company emissions data, publicly available climate change 
scenarios, and their application in the context of the ABB Group and their potential 
implications in the future. 
Our selection of scenarios for the physical and transition risk analysis reflects a 
wide range of potential future outcomes. On the one hand, limiting global warming 
in line with the Paris Agreement is reflected by the International Energy Agency 
(IEA) “Net Zero Emissions by 2050” (NZE 1.5°C) scenario whereas a high 
temperature scenario represented by RCP8.5 (ranging from 3.2°C to 5.4°C), 
developed by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), illustrates 
climate-related hazards if climate change cannot be mitigated globally. 
The assessment of climate physical and transition risks is embedded within our 
annual ERM cycle. The results of this process are used to inform our DMA at the 
beginning of each year. Our DMA revealed 14 impacts, risks and opportunities 
(IROs) regarding climate, of which six were classified as impacts, three as risks and 
five as opportunities. For more information on these, please see the IRO table in the 
chapter “Sustainability at ABB”, section ESRS 2 IRO-1. Of these three risks, two have 
been identified as transition risks (E1-R-01 and E1-R-02) and one as a physical risk 
(E1-R-03). For the process applied to identify these IROs and for more information 
on the positioning of these risks in the value chain, please see ESRS 2 IRO-1. 
[E1 IRO-1 AR 15] Any climate-related assumptions made by ABB, both in the 
Sustainability Statement and in the Financial Report, take account of the climate 
scenarios we used in our risk analysis. 
PHYSICAL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE 
[E1 IRO-1 20 (b)] ABB follows a comprehensive approach for identifying and 
assessing physical risks arising from climate change. This approach can be 
summarized in the following key steps. 
[E1 IRO-1 AR 11 (a), AR 11 (b), AR 11 (c), AR 11 (d) | E1 IRO-1 21] An annual regulatory 
screening takes place to ensure compliance with the applicable reporting 
frameworks on which the relevant business activities and corresponding sites are 
scoped for the assessment. We collect comprehensive data on sites from our 
internal systems including the type and level of activity, geo-location data and 
other supplementary information. We verify this data with relevant stakeholders 
for accuracy and relevance and use them as an input for the assessment. 
For the assessment, we identify high emission climate scenarios, taking into 
consideration the latest scientific research. We use short- (up to one year), 
medium- (one to five years) and long-term (more than five to thirty years) time 
horizons for the assessment based on our ERM methodology. 

[page 62]
60 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
Geospatial physical risk data is obtained from various specialized tools and data 
sources and used to perform a detailed risk modeling and assessment. 
We conduct an exposure analysis, covering the scoped hazards (climate hazards 
specified by ESRS E1) based on their respective relevance to our sites and 
activities, that distinguishes between acute and chronic physical risks. We also 
perform a vulnerability analysis by incorporating site-specific operational data to 
assess potential climate-related threats and their sensitivity to business continuity 
or asset damage. The sites’ hazard exposure and business vulnerability are 
combined to derive gross risks. Sites with material gross risks are then reported 
and considered for further investigation in the resilience analysis (see section 
ESRS 2 SBM-3, p. 27). 
[E1 IRO-1 AR 11 (a)] The objective of this assessment is to understand how different 
types of physical climate risks can potentially affect the financial performance of 
any site in scope of the assessment in terms of potential direct physical damage or 
business interruption. By analyzing this data, we can gain valuable insights into 
climate-induced patterns and our physical risk exposures across the entire 
portfolio. The key datapoints collected for identifying and assessing physical risks 
included the replacement value of physical assets and the potential revenue 
exposed to a risk of business interruption. After we identified sites with potential 
material gross risks, we conducted a bottom-up resilience assessment to assess 
the physical net risk exposure, which informs future risk mitigation and adaptation 
strategies.  
[E1 IRO-1 20 (b)] The assessment of physical climate risks is based on scientific 
climate scenarios (IPCC RCP8.5 3.2 to 5.4°C, RCP4.5 1.7 to 3.3°C). The selection of 
time horizons for physical risks aligns with the current reporting cycle (one year), 
strategic planning horizons and capital allocation plans (up to five years), as well 
as expected operational lifetimes of our assets (up to thirty years), which are 
assumed to be operational either based on their remaining technical lifetime or 
continuous long-term operation. The assessment included the following 
considerations: 
• The physical climate risk assessment is currently focused on our own 
operations as a material risk may be more impactful for our operations 
than for the upstream and downstream value chain, which is highly 
diversified. 
• Regarding physical climate risks in the value chain, reported risks from 
our ERM process relating to the dependency on a few selected suppliers 
or customers are considered to validate them in the context of physical 
climate risk through interviews with the risk owners. 
• A number of hazards from the table mentioned in climate hazards 
specified by ESRS E1 are considered irrelevant for ABB’s business 
activities (e.g., ocean acidification or coastal erosion). 
• The materiality criteria of potential risks follows our ERM methodology. 
TRANSITION RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES ASSOCIATED WITH CLIMATE CHANGE 
[E1 IRO-1 20 (c)] ABB performs a detailed transition risk and opportunity 
assessment to understand how the risks and opportunities resulting from a shift 
to a low-carbon society could affect ABB’s business model and strategy. By 
understanding the interplay between the transition risks and opportunities, we 
aim to remain well positioned to mitigate and manage the risks, while also being 
able to leverage the opportunities. 
The qualitative transition risk and opportunity assessment involves 
representatives from our business areas and corporate functions and uses risk and 
opportunity inputs from climate scenarios, which are then complemented through 
interviews and focused workshops. This allows these representatives to identify 
and qualitatively assess specific risks and opportunities that are most relevant to 
each business area and corporate function. 

[page 63]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   61 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
[E1 IRO-1 20 (c) | E1 IRO-1 21 | E1 IRO-1 AR 12 (a), AR 12 (b), AR 12 (c)] Once the 
qualitative risks and opportunities are identified, they are further assessed and 
scored based on their likelihood of occurrence, their velocity of realization, and 
their magnitude on the respective business areas. Our transition risk and 
opportunity assessment is based on the IEA “Net Zero Emissions by 2050” (NZE 
1.5°C) scenario, which illustrates a pathway consistent with limiting climate change 
to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels (equivalent to RCP2.6), at which the results are 
governed by the pre-defined scenario narrative and corresponding assumptions. 
The main drivers of the scenarios are the transition to a low-carbon society with a 
strong focus on electrification and industrial automation, rising GHG emissions 
pricing, and increasing stakeholder demands regarding ESG and climate targets. 
Value chain impacts are also considered as an input for the assessment where 
appropriate. Risks and opportunities are assessed across three time horizons: 
short-term (up to one year, to align with the current reporting cycle), medium-term 
(one to five years, to align with both our financial planning and ERM timeframes) 
and long-term (more than five to thirty years, to align with the lifetime of assets) 
and both from a gross and a net risk perspective (see section ESRS 2 SBM-3, p. 27, 
for further details). This process ensures alignment of the transition risk and 
opportunity assessment with our overall ERM methodology. 
[E1 IRO-1 AR 12 (a)] For risks, the scope includes the categories of “Policy and 
Legal”, “Technology”, “Market” and “Reputation”, while for opportunities, the 
categories of “Resource Efficiency”, “Energy Source”, “Products and Services”, 
“Markets” and “Resilience” are considered. Key datapoints and their risk effects 
which are assessed include, among other things: 
• Regulatory trends: information on existing and upcoming regulations, for 
example, related to carbon emissions or energy use; 
• Market data: for example, consumer trends towards sustainable 
products and services or purchasing costs that can affect both the supply 
chain as well as own operations; 
• Technological developments: insights into emerging technologies that 
could disrupt current business models; and 
• Stakeholder expectation and reputation: feedback from customers, 
investors and other stakeholders concerning, for example, our climate 
strategy. 
[E1 IRO-1 21 | E1 IRO-1 AR 11 (d)] We chose the IEA “Net Zero Emissions by 2050” 
(NZE 1.5°C) scenario as the basis for the transition risk and opportunity 
assessment as it features net zero CO2 energy sector and industrial process 
emissions in 2050, while achieving universal energy access in 2030. Uncertainties 
in the climate risk analysis may arise from assumptions related to transition 
events which are currently unaccounted for in the scenario assumptions. 
 

[page 64]
62 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
— 
Climate change- 
related policies 
[E1-2] POLICIES RELATED TO CLIMATE CHANGE 
[E1-2 25] All sustainability-related policies of ABB are described in a dedicated 
Policies section at the end of the chapter “Sustainability at ABB”. 
 
— 
Climate change- 
related targets  
[E1-4] TARGETS RELATED TO CLIMATE CHANGE 
[E1-4 32 | E1-4 33 | E1 MDR-T 80 (f), 80 (g)] To achieve net zero, ABB has set SBTi-
aligned near-term and long-term greenhouse gas reduction targets. Both sets of 
targets employ the absolute contraction methodology as outlined by the SBTi and 
have been validated by this initiative. [E1 MDR-T 80 (a), 80 (c)] Our targets are group 
wide and correspond to objectives in the ABB Climate Procedure. 
[E1-4 34 (a), 34 (b), 34 (e)] Near- and long-term targets 
Near-term targets (2030) 
• Reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 80 percent from 2019 to 
2030. Target validated by SBTi and is 1.5°C aligned. 
• Reduce absolute scope 3 GHG emissions by 25 percent from 2022 to 2030. 
Target validated by SBTi and is “Well below 2°C aligned”. 
Long-term targets (2050) 
• Reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 100 percent from 2019 
to 2050. Target validated by SBTi and is 1.5°C aligned. 
• Reduce absolute scope 3 GHG emissions by 90 percent from 2022 to 
2050. Target validated by SBTi and is 1.5°C aligned. 
We have also committed to three initiatives of the Climate Group to help us 
achieve our near-term scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reduction target: 
• Consume 100 percent of our electricity from renewable sources by 2030. 
Commitment made to RE100 initiative. 
• Electrify our global vehicle fleet by 2030. Commitment made to EV100 
initiative. 
• Improve our energy productivity by 20 percent by 2030 relative to 2019 
and implement an energy management system across global operations 
by 2030. Commitment made to the Smart Energy Coalition (formerly 
EP100). 
AVOIDED EMISSIONS AMBITION 
In addition to our SBTi-aligned GHG emissions reduction targets, we have the 
ambition to avoid emissions in customer operations. Avoided emissions are the 
reduction in GHG emissions that occur because of the use of a product or solution. 
We use the category of avoided emissions to describe the volume of greenhouse 
gas emissions that our customers can avoid by using our products and solutions 
through their full service lives. The methodology for calculating avoided emissions 
is based on the 2023 guidance of the World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development (WBCSD), as explained further below in the methodology section 
(Gates 1 to 3, p. 73). Avoided emissions are not part of the scope 3 inventory and 
are not used to claim scope 3 reductions. 
• Ambition to avoid 600 Mt CO₂e emissions throughout lifetime of 
products sold from 2022 to 2030. 

[page 65]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   63 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
GHG emissions reduction targets and avoided emissions ambition 
 Target Unit Base 
year 
Baseline  
value 
2025 
status 
2024 
status 
2025 reduction compared 
to base year 
 
[E1] Protecting the climate 
 
Reduce own scope 1 and 2 CO₂e emissions by 
at least 80% by 2030 and by 100% by 2050 ktCO2e 2019 631 134 138 (497) (79%) 
 
Reduce scope 3 CO₂e emissions by 25% by 
2030 and by 90% by 20501 ktCO2e 2022 429,854 425,310 392,299 (4,544) (1%) 
1 Scope 3 Category 1 2024 values have been restated to reflect a refined methodology for the impact of currency conversion as well as an adjustment of emission 
factors for some spend categories. 
 
 
 Ambition Unit Base 
year 2025 status 2024 status 
 
[E1] Protecting the climate 
 
Ambition to avoid 600 megatons CO₂e emissions throughout lifetime of 
products sold from 2022 to 20301 MtCO2e 2022 285 204 
1 Avoided emissions status is cumulative for 2022-2025 and 2022-2024, respectively 
 
 
Market- and location-based scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reduction 
GHG emission  
category (kt CO₂e) 
Baseline value 
(2019)   
2025 
status 
2025 reduction  
compared to base year 
Absolute 
value Percentage 
Market-based 631  134 (497) (79)% 
Location-based 645  374 (271) (42)% 
  
 
 
The consistency between our GHG emissions reduction targets and the GHG 
inventory boundaries is ensured through clearly defined and documented 
inventory boundaries that are reviewed annually. Material changes in our structure, 
acquisitions or divestments are reflected accordingly. As part of our alignment 
with SBTi, we have committed to incorporate all significant emission sources in 
our inventory and to annually report on all relevant scope 3 categories. 
[E1-4 AR 25 (a), AR 25 (b)] For scope 1 and 2, the base year remains 2019. 
Reorganizations, divestments and acquisitions have been reflected in 
restatements of the 2019 value in the years since 2020. For scope 3, the base year 
was set to 2022 as the target was introduced during 2023 and the previous year 
best represented the current business structure. The same applies to the baseline 
for the ambition to avoid emissions. 
[E1-4 AR 30 (c)] For evaluating decarbonization levers ABB has utilized the IEA 
Announced Pledges Scenario (APS). This is particularly relevant for looking at 
electricity grid decarbonization which impacts our downstream emissions. 
[E1 MDR-T 80 (i)] There were no changes to our targets and the corresponding 
indicators in the reporting year. 

[page 66]
64 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
[E1 MDR-T 80 (j)] In 2025, we updated our decarbonization plan. Progress against it 
is monitored on a quarterly basis. For scope 1 and 2, we were on track as of 
December 31, 2025, and we expect to reach our target ahead of schedule. For 
scope 3, as of December 31, 2025, our progress toward our target is slower than 
originally anticipated due to grid decarbonization having slowed down. During 
2026, we will continue exploring additional measures to make progress towards 
our 2030 target. 
 
— 
Management of 
climate change  
[E1-3] ACTIONS IN RELATION TO CLIMATE CHANGE 
[E1-3 28] Our efforts and achievements in addressing climate change are three-fold: 
• We are committed to reducing emissions in our own operations. 
• We are committed to reducing emissions in our value chain by supporting 
our suppliers to reduce their emissions. 
• We are committed to helping our customers reduce and avoid emissions 
through our products, solutions and services. 
[E1-3 29 (a) | E1-4 34 (f)] To reduce scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, several 
decarbonization levers have been defined and are being implemented. These levers 
can be disaggregated into fossil fuel reduction (through energy efficiency and 
decarbonization of fossil-fueled assets), a shift to renewable energy, fleet 
electrification and SF6 management. The commitments to the RE100 and EV100 
initiatives as well as the Smart Energy Coalition (formerly EP100) will support the 
reduction of scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2030. 
For scope 3, the levers to reduce the most material categories, specifically 
emissions from the use of sold products and purchased goods and services, are 
disclosed in the transition plan section of this statement. 
2025 status of scope 1 and 2 decarbonization levers 
[E1-3 29 (b): Achieved] 
Scope 1 and 2 decarbonization levers 2025 status 2024 status 
Percentage of renewable electricity consumption of total 
electricity consumption 98% 95% 
Percentage of electric vehicles1 of total fleet of vehicles 33% 26% 
Improvement of energy productivity since 20192 61% 43% 
Reduction of SF6 since 2019 (94)% (92)% 
1  Only battery electric vehicles are counted as electric vehicles from 2025 onwards. Plug-in hybrid electric vehicles 
were removed from the 2024 values 
2 The 2024 energy productivity values have been restated in line with the restatement in the 2024 energy 
consumption values. 
 
 
More information on ABB’s decarbonization levers can be found in the section on 
our Climate Transition Plan (E1-1). [E1-3 29 (b)] This also includes the achieved and 
expected GHG reductions. 
[E1-3 29 (c) i, 29 (c) ii, 29 (c) iii | E1-3 AR 21] Financial aspects of climate change 
actions are also covered in the section about our Climate Transition Plan (E1-1). 
 

[page 67]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   65 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
ACTIONS OVERVIEW (E1) 
[E1 MDR-A 68 (a), (b), (c)] 
We are already executing all activities listed below. 
 List of key actions IROs covered Scope Time horizon 
Transition Plan 
E1-O-01, E1-O-02, E1-O-03, E1-O-04, E1-O-05, 
E1-R-01, E1-R-02, E1-PI-01, E1-PI-02, E1-NI-01, E1-
NI-02, E1-NI-03, E1-NI-04 
Global, own operations Ongoing 
Resilience Analysis E1-R-03 Global, customers Ongoing 
 

[page 68]
66 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
— 
Facts & figures 
Energy 
[E1-5] ENERGY CONSUMPTION AND MIX 
ENERGY CONSUMPTION RELATED TO OWN OPERATIONS 
[E1-5 37 (a), 37 (b), 37 (c), 37 (c) i, 37 (c) ii, 37 (c) iii | E1-5 38 (a), 38 (b), 38 (c), 38 (d), 
38 (e) | E1 MDR-M 77 (c)] 
 
 Total energy consumption (in GWh)1,2 2025 2024 
Total energy consumption from fossil sources 559 589 
fuel consumption from natural gas 325 342 
fuel consumption from crude oil and petroleum products3 159 158 
fuel consumption from coal and coal products — — 
fuel consumption from other fossil sources — — 
consumption of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, steam, and 
cooling from fossil sources 75 89 
Total energy consumption from renewable sources  914 941 
fuel consumption for renewable sources including biomass (also 
comprising industrial and municipal waste of biologic origin), 
biofuels, biogas, hydrogen from renewable sources, etc.4 20 11 
consumption of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, steam, and 
cooling from renewable sources 853 892 
consumption of self-generated non-fuel renewable energy 40 38 
Total energy consumption (in GWh)  1,473 1,530 
Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add to the totals provided.    
   
1 The 2024 energy consumption figures have been adjusted for changes in methodology relating to estimated 
consumption for non-reporting sites. In addition, the methodology for fossil fuel consumption from ABB vehicles 
has been refined. 
2 Nuclear energy cannot be separately tracked, and is estimated to not be material, less than 1% of energy 
consumed. 
3 Includes oil and diesel as well as fuel consumption from ABB fleet of vehicles. 
4 Use of renewable biogas to substitute natural gas in several sites. 
 
 
 
Energy intensity 
(MWh/Total revenues plus Total revenues from  
discontinued operations, $ in millions) 
2025 2024 
Total energy intensity1 41.43 46.57 
1 The 2024 energy intensity values have been restated in line with the restatement in the 2024 energy consumption 
values.    
 
 
NON-RENEWABLE ENERGY PRODUCTION AND RENEWABLE ENERGY PRODUCTION 
[E1-5 39| E1 MDR-M 77 (c)] Our total non-renewable production includes on-site 
electricity generation from natural gas, oil and diesel, as well as combined heat and 
power and trigeneration production from natural gas. The total renewable 
production includes on-site solar generation. 
Energy production (in GWh)1 2025 2024 
Total non-renewable energy production2 22 13 
Total renewable energy production 46 42 
Total energy production  68 55 
1 The 2024 energy production figures have been adjusted for changes in methodology relating to estimated 
production for non-reporting sites. 
2 The 2025 non-renewable energy production figures take into account heat and cooling production from combined 
heat and power as well as tri-generation units, which was previously not collected. 
 
 

[page 69]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   67 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
[E1-5 40] The majority of ABB business falls under NACE section C - Manufacturing, 
which is defined as a high-impact climate sector. Energy intensity from activities in 
high climate impact sectors therefore refer to ABB’s total energy consumption per 
total net revenue. [E1-5 41] Similarly, energy consumption from activities in high 
climate impact sectors therefore refers to ABB’s total energy consumption. 
[E1-5 42] ABB uses NACE section C – Manufacturing as a basis to determine energy 
intensity from high climate impact sectors. 
[E1-5 43] For the calculation of the energy intensity, the ABB Group total revenues 
plus total revenues from discontinued operations are applied, as all ABB business 
falls under NACE section C – Manufacturing, which is defined as a high-impact 
climate sector. 
 
— 
Greenhouse gas 
emissions 
[E1-6] SCOPE 1, 2, 3 EMISSIONS 
[E1-6 44] In 2025, we achieved a reduction of 79 percent in our scope 1 and 2 
emissions compared to 2019. This progress was driven primarily by the 
implementation of energy efficiency improvements, the roll-out of renewable 
energy at our sites and further reduction of SF6 leakages at our sites. As a result, 
we are on track to reach our near-term 2030 target of 80 percent emission 
reduction. 
In 2025, although our scope 3 GHG emissions increased compared to 2024, they 
are 1 percent lower compared to the base year of 2022, with key drivers being 
strong growth of orders and unit shipments in parts of the business, as well as a 
shift in sales mix within our product portfolio. We follow the current GHG Protocol 
guidance under which 97 percent of our scope 3 emissions are downstream in the 
Use of Sold Products category. The guidance indicates that in many cases for ABB 
the full energy input to our products and not just the energy loss must be 
accounted for. Reducing emissions that occur downstream with customers during 
the use of ABB products requires decarbonization of the energy used throughout 
their lifetimes. The increase in scope 3 emissions is a result of energy-intensive 
products used by customers powered by electricity, which globally still often relies 
on significant use of fossil fuels. Advanced energy efficiency, electrification and 
grid decarbonization are key drivers of the global energy transition. The sale of 
ABB products that support the integration of renewables into the grid, for 
example, will in turn lead to reductions of our own scope 3 emissions in the long 
term. 
  

[page 70]
68 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF SCOPE 1, 2 AND 3 GHG EMISSIONS 
[E1-6 44 | E1 MDR-M 77 (c)] 
(kt CO₂e) 2025 2024 
Gross scope 1 GHG emissions, of which 
Use of fuels 69 67 
Coolants 4 4 
SF6 5 8 
Transport by own fleet 41 40 
Emissions from biofuels 1 — 
Total scope 1 emissions 119 119 
Gross scope 2 GHG emissions, market-based 
District heat  8 8 
Electricity  7 10 
Gross scope 2 GHG emissions, location-based 
District heat 8 8 
Electricity 247 278 
Total scope 2 GHG emissions, market-based  15 19 
Total scope 2 GHG emissions, location-based 255 286 
Total scope 1+2 GHG emissions, market-based 134 138 
Total scope 1+2 GHG emissions, location-based 374 405 
Gross indirect (scope 3) GHG emissions 
1 Purchased goods and services1 9,718 9,521 
2 Capital goods 64 85 
3 Fuel and energy-related Activities  
    (not included in scope 1 or 2) 51 55 
4 Upstream transportation and distribution 576 617 
5 Waste generated in operations 13 12 
6 Business traveling 186 169 
7 Employee commuting 193 175 
8 Upstream leased assets — — 
9 Downstream transportation 40 43 
10 Processing of sold products — — 
11 Use of sold products  414,229 381,372 
12 End-of-Life treatment of sold products 221 230 
13 Downstream leased assets 17 18 
14 Franchises — — 
15 Investments 2 2 
Total scope 3 GHG emissions 425,310 392,299 
Total scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions (market-based) 425,444 392,437 
Total scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions (location-based) 425,684 392,704 
Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add to the totals provided. 
1 Scope 3 Category 1 2024 values have been restated to reflect a refined methodology for the impact of 
currency conversion as well as an adjustment of emission factors for some spend categories. 
  
 
 

[page 71]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   69 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by region 
[E1-6 AR 41 | E1 MDR-M 77 (c)]  
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emission by region 
(kt CO₂e) 2025 2024 
The Americas 49  
Asia, Middle East and Africa 21  
Europe 64  
 134  
Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add to the totals provided. 
Comparatives not shown unless already reported in the 2024 Sustainability report. 
 
 
[E1-6 53 | E1 MDR-M 77 (c)] 
Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emission intensity  
(kt CO₂e/Total revenues plus Total revenues from 
discontinued operations, $ in millions)1 2025 2024 
Market-based 11.97 11.95 
Location-based 11.97 11.95 
1 2024 values have been restated to reflect restatement in 2024 Scope 3 Category 1 values. 
 
 
[E1-6 48 (b)] ABB does not participate in any regulated emission trading schemes 
(ETS) for its scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions. 
[E1-6 AR 42 (c)] Reporting periods of value chain and ABB entities do not differ 
significantly, and limited effects on our GHG emission reporting are expected. 
[E1-6 AR 43 (c)] In scope 1, we only consider methane (CH4) and dinitrogen oxide 
(N2O) biogenic emissions, following SBTi guidance. Biogenic emissions of 4,519 t 
of CO2 are not included in scope 1. [E1-6 AR 45 (e) | E1-6 AR 46 (j)] Biogenic 
emissions from scope 2 and 3 are estimated to be low and are not reported 
separately. The main source of biogenic emissions from scope 2 is the use of 
district heat from renewable sources, which contributes only a small share of 
overall energy consumption. For scope 3, most emissions are fossil-based, with a 
small share of biogenic emissions potentially occurring from individual projects 
where bioenergy is used in the end application. 
[E1-6 AR 45 (d)] A portion of the electricity consumed was met through contractual 
arrangements for unbundled renewable energy certificates (RECs), while another 
portion was supplied through bundled renewable electricity contracts, including 
green tariffs and power purchase agreements (PPAs). Detailed information on the 
type of instruments used is only available after the close of the reporting year. The 
calculation of the shares of different types of instruments is therefore based on 
the electricity consumption of the previous reporting year. For the calculation of 
bundled and unbundled percentages, electricity consumption (instead of 
emissions) is used as the denominator as market-based scope 2 emissions for 
electricity covered by contractual renewable energy instruments are considered 
zero. Using electricity consumption values aligns with ESRS guidance. As a result, 
68.4 percent of total electricity consumption in 2024 was backed by unbundled 
RECs, and 28.9 percent by bundled renewable electricity contracts, bringing the 
total share of electricity covered by contractual renewable energy instruments to 
97.3 percent. 
[E1-6 AR 46 (g)] For the calculation of category 1, 0 percent of category 1 emissions 
have been calculated based on primary data from suppliers. For methodology 
changes, such as the change of emission factors, previous reporting years are 
adjusted based on the thresholds outlined in the methodology section. In 2025, a 
refinement of the methodology for spend-based emission factors as well as 
underlying spend data was reflected in a restatement for the prior period. 

[page 72]
70 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
 
METHODOLOGY 
[E1 MDR-M 77 (a)] 
Energy consumption and scope 1 & 2 emissions 
[E1-6 AR 39 (b)] We calculate our scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions using detailed 
methodologies that incorporate assumptions and standardized emission factors, 
following the standards of the GHG Protocol. For scope 2, we follow the GHG 
Protocol Scope 2 Quality Criteria. For scope 1 emissions from our fleet vehicles, we 
collect vehicle-specific data, such as fuel type and emission factors for every 
vehicle in the fleet. If this is not available, estimations are applied. In particular, the 
distance travelled is estimated based on the leasing contract duration. Fleet 
emission factors are based on WLTP/NEDC emission profiles per vehicle and 
provided in g CO2/km. They are then adjusted to the lab-to-road factor based on 
the vehicle’s location. Offsite charging of ABB electric vehicles is not included in 
scope 2 GHG emissions.  
Emissions from the on-site use of fuel, coolants and SF6 are calculated using data 
reported quarterly or annually, depending on the facility size. Global emission 
factors are applied for oil and gas, SF6, diesel, cooling agents and biofuels. For 
scope 2 emissions from purchased electricity and district heating, we collect and 
process energy consumption data from facilities worldwide, applying both 
location-based and market-based emission factors. Location-based calculations 
use average grid emission factors in kg CO2e/kWh from IEA, while market-based 
calculations consider specific contractual arrangements like renewable energy 
purchases or power purchase agreements, with emission factors obtained from 
the respective local providers. All emission factors are calculated using CO₂-
equivalent (CO₂e) values and are reviewed on an annual basis for accuracy and 
relevance. We do not apply all conversion factors listed in Annex IV of Directive 
2012/27/EU, as several energy sources covered by the Annex are not material to 
ABB’s operations. However, conversion rates used for the underlying energy 
consumption are in line with Annex IV of the EU Directive 2012/27 of the European 
Parliament and the Council on energy efficiency. For oil and diesel, we use a joint 
conversion factor of 43 MJ/kg to simplify reporting. For all biofuels, we use a 
generic liquid biofuels conversion factor of 39.9 MJ/kg. 
Site-level energy consumption is collected through the global ABB reporting 
system for environmental data, which is used to document the environmental 
performance from more than 320 production, office and service sites, covering 
more than 90 percent of our energy consumption and almost 90 percent of our 
headcount. Smaller sites with energy consumption lower than 100 MWh per year 
and fewer than 100 employees are exempt from reporting. For these sites, a proxy 
is applied to estimate the environmental performance. The proxy is based on the 
consumption of the reporting sites and the respective headcounts from ABB HR 
systems. The average consumption of the reporting sites (including energy, 
electricity, gas, water and waste) per person is calculated based on the headcount 
in our HR systems, excluding outliers. These averages are then multiplied by the 
headcount of the sites that are not reporting their consumption. 
Environmental data for the fourth quarter is estimated because actuals for 
October to December are not available in time for year-end reporting. The months 
of October to December of the previous calendar year are applied as an estimate 
for the period of October to December of the current reporting period. If material 
differences between the two periods of both years with an impact of more than 5 
percent of the Group total are expected, an adjustment of the Group totals is 
applied.  

[page 73]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   71 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
Scope 3 emissions 
[E1-6 AR 39 (b) | E1-6 AR 46 (d)] For scope 3 emissions, we report all scope 3 
categories that are relevant to ABB and that are not covered in scope 1 and 2 
(please see the table “Overview of scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions” above). As the 
vast majority of our emissions stem from the use of sold products reported in 
category 11, this category represents the most significant contribution. For the 
calculation of scope 3 emissions, and for the assessment of the materiality of the 
different scope 3 categories, we refer to the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain 
Accounting and Reporting Standard. The calculation of scope 3, category 11 
emissions is based on a bottom-up model for the diverse offerings across our 
divisions. This bottom-up model utilizes sales or order data to develop an estimate 
of the products sold that would serve as an input into the model to determine the 
total energy consumed. For certain ABB businesses with project-related sales, our 
methodology is based on order date in lieu of delivery, due to better data 
availability. This introduces timing differences between when the model considers 
a product sold (i.e., at order date) as opposed to the beginning of use of the 
product by the customer and the start of the emissions output (i.e., at delivery or 
installation). Inherently, this results in an accelerated rate of recognition of scope 3 
emissions. The model considers both the technical specifications and the 
operating conditions associated with each product, including product energy 
consumption metrics and efficiency specifications. We use two primary methods 
to estimate energy consumption during the operational phase of sold products: 
• Energy Input Method: Applied to products that require specific power 
inputs to perform their tasks, such as motors, automation systems and 
robotics. 
• Energy Loss Method: Used for products where energy efficiency losses 
are critical, such as electrical drives and switchgear. 
The total energy consumed is converted to GHG emissions using regional 
emissions factors from the IEA, as well as other databases (including ICCT5 for 
marine oil mix average). These factors are updated annually.  
The remaining scope 3 emissions (everything apart from category 11) encompass a 
broad range of indirect emissions. Depending on the category, we use different 
methods to calculate these emissions: 
• Spend-Based Method: Applied to categories such as transportation or 
capital goods, where we calculate emissions based on the financial 
expenditure. Emission factors are derived from Exiobase and are adjusted 
for inflation on an annual basis, using conversion factors from GOV.UK 
and World Bank, which are updated annually. 
• Activity-Based Method: For categories such as business travel, emissions 
are approximated using activity data such as travel miles, number of trips 
and transportation modes. Emission factors are retrieved from DEFRA6, 
GaBi7, CRREM8, Climatiq9, NREL10 and IEA and are updated annually, where 
applicable. 
 
 
5 International Council on Clean Transportation 
6 Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (UK) 
7 GaBi Life Cycle Assessment Database / Software (by Sphera) 
8 Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor 
9 Climatiq Emission Factor Database 
10 National Renewable Energy Laboratory (U.S. Department of Energy) 

[page 74]
72 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
• Mix of spend-based and average data method: For the calculation of 
category 1, a mix of spend-based and weight-based data is applied. 
Where available, material weight combined with external emission factors 
from EcoInvent is applied for the calculation of emissions. EcoInvent 
emissions factors are reviewed annually. Where available, supplier 
product carbon footprints are utilized. When weight or product 
information is not available, the spend-based method is applied. If spend-
based emission factors are replaced by EcoInvent or supplier product 
carbon footprints, the restatement of prior-year category 1 emissions is 
evaluated based on the restatement thresholds outlined in the 
methodology section for total GHG emissions. 
• For category 12, emissions are calculated primarily using physical 
emission factors, except for electronics, which use a conservative spend-
based factor assuming 5 percent allocation to landfill end-of-life 
treatment. Materials weight is estimated from spend data, except for SF₆ 
where direct weight data is used. Plastic emissions apply region-specific 
end-of-life treatment shares from the OECD Data Explorer (latest update 
March 2024). SF₆ emissions account for use-phase leakage and defined 
end-of-life recycling and leakage rate. 
As full-year data is not available for most categories in time for year-end reporting, 
the full year is approximated using the following approaches by category: 
• Category 11: Activity data from the first to third quarters is extrapolated 
based on the financial forecast by the divisions. 
• Category 1: Full-year actuals are used for the spend- and weight-based 
data, which constitute the majority of category 1 emissions. For a subset 
of the category 1 emissions relating to water, the underlying activity data 
is extrapolated for the fourth quarter based on the proxy described for 
environmental data. 
• Category 13: Based on the building stock as of June 30, 2025. 
• Categories 3, 5 and 12: Activity data from the first to third quarters is 
extrapolated based on the proxy described for environmental data. 
• All other categories: Data from the fourth quarter is estimated as an 
average of the first three quarters. 
[E1-6 AR 46 (i)] ABB does not operate franchises, hence emissions from category 14 
are 0. Category 8 (upstream leased assets) is accounted for in our scope 1 and 2 
GHG emissions. Additional inclusion in scope 3 would lead to double counting. 
Category 10 emissions are collected together with category 11 emissions, but have 
equaled 0. ABB products are installed directly as part of the end application and 
not as intermediary products under the current GHG Protocol Cat. 11 definition. 
Installation of ABB products is based on manual processes, including, e.g., bolting 
or wiring, hence incurring limited category 10 emissions.  
The scope 3 categories included in our inventory are shown in the table “Overview 
of scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions”. 
[E1-6 AR 46 (h)] We report scope 3 GHG emissions following the boundaries and 
methodologies defined by the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard. The reporting 
scope covers both upstream and downstream activities, including categories as 
defined in E1-6 AR 46 (i), ensuring comprehensive representation of our value 
chain. Emissions are attributed based on our operational and value chain control. 

[page 75]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   73 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
Avoided emissions 
For the calculation of avoided emissions, ABB has developed a methodology based 
on guidance from the WBCSD, tailored to its product portfolio. According to 
WBCSD’s guidance, “avoided emissions” refers to the reduction in GHG emissions 
achieved by comparing our products or solutions to a reference scenario where the 
solution is not used. Both the product and reference scenario are assessed 
through their entire life cycles. Three scenarios are considered: replacement, 
retrofit and new installation. Consistent with scope 3 GHG emissions data 
collection, data is collected covering the percentage of sales or orders as 
applicable, reported in kWh or tCO₂e. The data is drawn from our sales teams and 
the products’ technical specifications. Alongside the three scenarios, several 
factors provided by the WBCSD guidance for avoided emissions affect the 
eligibility of avoided emissions against our ambition: 
• Gate 1 (climate action credibility): ABB transparently reports on 100 
percent of its value chain emissions on an annual basis. This covers 13 of 
the 15 scope 3 GHG Protocol categories. Using this comprehensive GHG 
inventory, we have set SBTi targets, which had been validated in 2024. As 
mandated by current guidance, we do not use avoided emissions to claim 
any GHG inventory-related emissions reductions nor net-zero status. 
• Gate 2 (climate science alignment): We do not consider avoided 
emissions from product lines or solutions sold to sectors and 
applications linked to exploration, extraction, mining, production, 
distribution or sale of fossil fuels. 
• Gate 3 (contribution legitimacy): We only consider avoided emissions 
that arise from installations, which drive change within their respective 
markets. For example, for the product category of motors, only high-
efficiency motors in a higher energy-efficiency class than the current 
installed average and used in replacement projects would be eligible for 
inclusion. For the product category of variable speed drives, we consider 
the retrofit of existing direct-on-line motor-driven systems as mainly 
eligible for avoided emissions. In new installations of motor-driven 
systems, we exclude applications where the customer has already 
decided to install a drive. We only include sales where the customer has 
been convinced to install a drive with the motor, thereby improving 
overall efficiency. 
Examples of ABB’s climate mitigation options which lead to avoided 
emissions linked to mitigation options from the IPCC AR6 Working Group III 
Summary for Policymakers 
Product 
category 
Solution Recognized mitigation 
potential 
Variable 
speed drives 
(VSD) 
Low and medium VSDs added to 
motor-driven systems to regulate 
load ratio of the motor so as to 
decrease the demand of energy 
input to the system itself. 
Energy efficiency – 
Direct impact – Reduced 
demand for energy 
input of a motor-driven 
system. 
High-
efficiency low-
voltage 
motors 
High-efficiency solution replacing 
old, inefficient electric motors with 
an efficiency rate higher than 
installed base average. 
Energy efficiency – 
Direct impact – 
Increased efficiency of a 
motor-driven system. 
Gearless mill 
drives (GMD) 
Installation of GMDs on grinding 
mills to eliminate mechanical 
components such as ring gears and 
pinions, leading to increased 
efficiency of the application system. 
Energy efficiency – 
Direct impact – 
Increased efficiency of 
the application. 

[page 76]
74 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
Electrical 
marine 
propulsion 
solutions 
Marine propulsion units developed 
and installed to increase 
maneuverability of the ship/vessel 
and reduce fuel consumption. 
Shipping: efficiency and 
optimization – Direct 
impact – Increased 
efficiency of the 
application and reduced 
fuel consumption. 
Shaft 
generators 
Generator/alternator used in the 
marine sector to support the main 
engine of a ship/ vessel and increase 
the efficiency of power generation. 
Shipping: efficiency and 
optimization – Direct 
impact – Reduced fuel 
consumption. 
Shore-to-ship 
connections 
Integrated systems that connect 
ships to the port’s electricity grid via 
a shore-to-ship power connection 
and reduce consumption, pollution 
and noise while ship is docked. 
Shipping: efficiency and 
optimization – Direct 
impact – Increased 
efficiency and reduced 
emissions of a system. 
Selected 
modernization 
service for 
electrification 
equipment 
Replacements, extensions, upgrades 
and retrofits of existing equipment 
that make it possible to avoid 
substituting an application package 
Material efficiency – 
Decarbonizing impact – 
Avoidance of emissions 
from the production of 
new equipment. 
 
 
Calculations for avoided emissions are product specific. The calculation is highly 
sensitive to external data or analysis not always available to product- or market-
specific assumptions. A percentage change in either assumption will result in an 
equivalent percentage change in the calculated avoided lifetime emissions. 
Consistent with our application of the estimates on products sold for scope 3, the 
determination of avoided emissions uses sales or order data to develop an 
estimate of the products sold that would serve as an input into the model to 
determine the total energy consumed. For certain ABB businesses with project-
related sales, our methodology is based on order date in lieu of delivery, due to 
better data availability. This introduces timing differences between when the 
model considers a product sold (i.e., at order date) as opposed to the beginning of 
the use of the product by the customer and the start of the emissions output (i.e., 
at delivery or installation). Inherently, this results in an accelerated rate of 
recognition of avoided emissions ahead of actual reduction to customers‘ 
emissions. 
Total GHG emissions 
[E1-6 47] The scope of consolidation for GHG emissions reporting follows the 
Group standards outlined in the section “Approach to reporting” at the beginning 
of this Sustainability Statement. GHG emissions of prior reporting periods are 
adjusted for mergers & acquisitions as well as calculation errors or methodology 
changes if the cumulative impact exceeds 5 percent, or lower if deemed necessary 
or appropriate, of the Group total per type of adjustment (M&A and methodology 
changes/errors, respectively). If adjustments to past reporting periods are made, 
the respective tables are annotated accordingly. 
[E1-6 55] For the calculation of the GHG emission intensity, the ABB Group total 
revenues plus total revenues from discontinued operations are applied. 

[page 77]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   75 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
— 
Physical and 
transition climate 
risks and 
opportunities 
[E1-9] ANTICIPATED FINANCIAL EFFECTS 
PHYSICAL RISKS 
[E1-9 66 (c) | E1-9 AR 69 (b)]The qualitative physical climate risk assessment 
outlined in section E1 IRO-1 on p. 59 classified approximately 400 sites in low- to 
high-risk categories for different hazards and focused on the material gross risks. 
The sites in scope are located in 60 countries globally, represented by all 
manufacturing and selected non-manufacturing sites, which may have EU 
Taxonomy aligned activities. Materiality is defined by taking into consideration the 
risk level, the type of activity and the potential magnitude of financial effects 
resulting from the different hazards. Physical risks were assessed across the short- 
(up to one year), medium- (one to five years), and long-term (more than five to 
thirty years) time horizons. The selection of time horizons for physical risks reflects 
our strategic planning horizons and capital allocation plans as well as expected 
operational lifetimes of our assets, which are assumed to be operational either 
based on their remaining technical lifetime or continuous long-term operation at 
those sites. The long-term horizon also considers the expectation that adverse 
climate-related events could become more frequent and increase in severity. 
[E1-9 66 (c)] Based on the assessment, the results indicate that less than 10 percent 
of the assessed sites could potentially be exposed to a material gross physical 
climate risk. These sites are geographically distributed across the three regions 
where we operate including locations in Australia, Brazil, China, Germany, India, 
Mexico, Switzerland and the United States. However, the resilience analysis (see E1 
SBM-3 section, p. 57) confirmed that these sites have adequate risk mitigation 
measures in place, reducing the net risk to non-material levels. 
[E1-9 AR 69 (a)] Our assessment indicates that the hazards identified are expected 
to have a medium impact under the moderate RCP4.5 scenario. However, the 
severity of these hazards and the impact on our business may increase under the 
more extreme RCP8.5 scenario (e.g., through pluvial floods), which confirms the 
understanding that higher rates of global warming increase susceptibility to those 
climate-related risks. 
When examining applicable hazards under a strong global warming RCP8.5 
scenario, we observe a slight increase in the severity levels between the medium- 
and long-term time horizons. In addition, the United States and China have the 
highest number of gross risks within our portfolio. In principle, the sites could be 
temporarily impacted through reduced production capacities in the hypothetical 
absence of mitigation measures. However, the resilience analysis demonstrates 
that these sites have adequate risk mitigation measures in place, reducing the net 
risk to non-material levels. 
Regarding physical climate risks in the upstream and downstream value chain, 
interviews with risk owners of the enterprise risks relating to dependencies on key 
customers and suppliers confirmed that the drivers of the reported risks reflect 
more general business drivers and not physical climate risks specifically. There are a 
few historical examples, which demonstrated an exposure to physical climate risk in 
some business areas. However, we take steps to mitigate these risks through 
dedicated measures, which include, for example, considering multiple suppliers for 
components during the R&D process, requesting business continuity plans from 
suppliers, or establishing such plans internally if a dependency on a single supplier 
cannot be avoided. To facilitate awareness within our value chain, we conducted a 
supplier summit in June 2025, at which sustainability was one of the key 
considerations. 
  

[page 78]
76 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
TRANSITION RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES 
[E1-9 64 (c) | E1-9 AR 72 (b)] The results of the qualitative transition risk and 
opportunity assessment, based on the low emission scenario (1.5°C) outlined in 
section E1 IRO-1, p. 59, indicate that the following risk categories would have the 
most material financial effect across the assessed time horizons of short- (up to 
one year), medium- (one to five years), and long-term (more than five to thirty 
years), which align with our financial planning and ERM timeframes: 
• Reputation risks associated with potential litigations arising from possible 
shortfalls in climate performance of upstream and downstream business 
counterparts as well as potentially lagging behind competitors in 
implementing sustainability standards. 
• Market risks associated with potential increases in production costs due to 
increased demand for critical raw materials, as well as potential tender 
penalties due to inadequate environmental performance data. 
• Policy and legal risks associated with the ban of climate potent or 
environmentally harmful substances potentially affecting some specific 
products in our portfolio. 
On the other hand, the opportunity categories that are expected to have the most 
positive effect on the financial performance of ABB are: 
• Product and service opportunities associated with capitalizing on the growing 
demand for products/services, which support the energy transition, as well as 
implementing automation solutions in different industries to increase 
productivity, efficiency and reduce carbon emissions. 
• Resource efficiency opportunities associated with the adoption of resource 
efficient practices and technologies. 
• Market opportunities associated with positioning ABB as a thought-leader for 
sustainability and an enabler of the energy transition to a lower carbon 
economy. 
[E1-9 AR 72 (a) | E1-9 AR 73 (a) | E1 IRO-1 AR 12 (d)] The results of the assessment for 
transition risks scored by the business areas and corporate functions also 
conclude that asset stranding does not represent a material risk compared to 
other transition risks. This is established through a complementary assessment 
performed to identify the risk of stranded assets, based on the specific energy 
consumption of buildings in our real estate portfolio. The results of the 
assessment show that a relatively small portion of our real estate might be at risk 
of stranding in the medium-term when compared with the stringent 
decarbonization pathways outlined in the “Net Zero Emissions by 2050” (NZE 
1.5°C) scenario of the International Energy Agency (IEA). Furthermore, ABB's 
products may be used in sectors such as oil and gas. We recognize the transitional 
role of oil and gas in securing energy supply and support a phase-out of fossil fuel 
in the energy system by 2050. Our business activities in this sector may be 
adjusted as a result of efforts to be compatible with the transition to a low-carbon 
society. 
 

[page 79]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   77 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
COMMITTING TO CIRCULARITY 
 
[E5] RESOURCE USE AND CIRCULAR ECONOMY 
Preserving resources is a key pillar of ABB’s Sustainability Agenda and a core 
element of our value creation model. Our Circularity Approach is a company-wide 
effort to implement a resource-efficient business. 
— 
Strategic approach 
to circularity 
Beginning with the design stage, we are committed to increasing the reusability 
and recyclability of our products and making them more durable by means of our 
lifetime extension and modernization services. We are working with customers, 
suppliers and partners to embed circularity throughout our entire value chain. The 
relevant functions assess the impact of our offerings through their complete life 
cycle. This process builds cooperation and partnerships with key stakeholders 
across industries and sectors – from recovering scrap from production to enabling 
take-back schemes in many markets. Within our own operations, we avoid waste by 
being more efficient and increasing the use of sustainable materials in our products 
and packaging, and by expanding recycling activities at our sites. Our Circularity 
Approach is managed by the ABB Circularity Working Group, which coordinates 
initiatives relating to circularity among our business areas, clarifies and updates the 
ABB Circularity Framework, defines circularity KPIs and establishes the guidelines 
by which the KPIs are assessed. 
[E5 IRO-1] IDENTIFYING AND ASSESSING MATERIAL IROs 
The 2025 DMA identified eight material impacts, risks and opportunities (IROs) in 
the field of resource use and circularity. Four of these were classified as impacts, 
one as a risk, and three as opportunities. For more information on our process to 
identify these IROs, their place in the value chain, their time horizons etc., please 
see the IRO table in the chapter “Sustainability at ABB”, section IRO-1. 
[E5 IRO-1 11 (a)] In order to identify the IROs, we mapped the value chain taking 
into account ABB’s business activities. 
[E5 IRO-1 11 (b)] In the course of our regular consultations, stakeholder opinions 
were taken into account in arriving at our IROs. 
 
— 
Policy 
commitments to 
circular resource 
management 
[E5-1] POLICIES RELATED TO RESOURCE USE AND CIRCULARITY 
All sustainability-related policies of ABB are described in a dedicated Policies 
section at the end of the chapter “Sustainability at ABB”. 
[E5-1 15 (a), 15 (b)] ABB manages its resource use and contribution to the circular 
economy through a range of policies and procedures. Some, such as the 
Sustainability Policy; Supplier Code of Conduct; and Health, Safety, Environment 
(HSE) & Security Policy are broad in scope and referenced in the policy section 
referred to above. This also includes more specific policies such as the Circularity 
Approach (an appendix to the Sustainability Policy) and waste management-related 
aspects in the Environmental Procedure. 
 

[page 80]
78 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
— 
Targets relating to 
resource use and 
circularity 
[E5-3] TARGETS RELATED TO RESOURCE USE AND CIRCULARITY 
[E5-3 23 | E5-3 24, 24 (b), 24 (c)] We are assessing our products against a set of eight 
KPIs in the ABB Circularity Framework, including circular design principles in 
product design and serviceability, product efficiency and lifetime duration. These 
include take-back and recycling services to increase the circularity of the materials 
used and reduce the use of virgin raw materials. 
[E5-3 24 (e)] We have a quantitative target of sending zero waste to landfill while 
reducing waste generation by 2030. We apply this approach to recycling and 
limiting waste generation in our operations and production processes. 
[E5-3 24] We have adopted a company-wide approach to circularity. By 2030, we 
aim to achieve an 80 percent alignment score for product-based revenues with the 
ABB Circularity Framework by assessing the performance against clearly defined 
KPIs across all stages of the product life cycle (for further information see section 
“ABB Circularity Approach”). 
[E5 MDR-T 80 (a)] Our target represents a key measurement of the pillar within our 
Sustainability Agenda, as outlined in our Sustainability Policy: To preserve 
resources, we embed circularity in our products, reduce waste, protect water and 
biodiversity, and use land responsibly. This objective reflects our commitment to 
integrating circular principles and responsible resource management across our 
operations. In this context, our target “Zero waste to landfill” is one of the KPIs 
within the ABB Circularity Framework, contributing directly to the target of the 
Sustainability Agenda. 
[E5 MDR-T 80 (c)] Our Circularity target is Group-wide and our Zero Waste to 
Landfill target applies to all operations, wherever it is compatible with local 
conditions and regulations. 
[E5 MDR-T 80 (f), 80 (g)] The Circularity target has been defined based on internal 
assessments and strategic priorities, taking into account key circularity principles 
and stakeholder expectations. In designing ABB’s Circularity Approach, several 
critical parameters were considered, including: 
• concepts developed by leading experts in the field such as the Ellen 
MacArthur Foundation; 
• technical and regulatory requirements, notably those outlined in the  
EU Taxonomy for sustainable activities; and 
• expectations of ABB’s customers and investors. 
These elements aim to ensure alignment with international sustainability 
frameworks and reflect the broader context of sustainable development and the 
specific local conditions in which our operations take place. 
To define our Zero Waste to Landfill target we used the UL Solutions framework 
and considered conclusive scientific evidence that it is better for the environment 
to recycle waste than sending it to landfill. It will be accomplished with no more 
than 10 percent of waste sent to thermal processing with energy recovery, waste-
to-energy (WTE). 
[E5 MDR-T 80 (i)] In 2025, hazardous waste was added to the scope of the Zero 
Waste to Landfill target to align further with the UL 2799 standard. Furthermore, 
starting in 2025, our disclosures regarding the Circularity target include both the 
number of products assessed and their corresponding scoring values rather than 
reporting the share of assessed products only. As this is the first year applying this 
enhanced methodology, explicit comparability with previous years is not possible. 
This change provides deeper insights into both the evaluation outcomes and the 
extent of product coverage. 

[page 81]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   79 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
[E5 MDR-T 80 (j)] 2025 is the first year ABB is reporting on the scoring values of the 
circularity assessment. Going forward, our future performance and progress will 
be monitored annually by the Circularity Workstream. Reporting on the Zero Waste 
to Landfill target is part of the process for site-level environmental reporting 
including results aggregated across divisions and business areas. The overall 
review of all our targets is part of the annual performance planning cycle and the 
Long-Term Performance Plan (LPP) under oversight of the Group Head of 
Sustainability and the Sustainability Council. For our performance against the 
targets, please see the table below. 
 
 Target Unit Base 
year Baseline value 2025 status 2024 status 
[E5] Committing to circularity 
 
Achieve 80% alignment score for product-
based revenues with the ABB Circularity 
Framework by 20301,2 
% 2025 - 27% n.a. 
 Send zero waste to landfill while reducing 
waste generation by 20303 kt 2019 16.8kt equivalent to 
8.8% of total waste 
10.3 kt equivalent to  
5.3% of total waste 
9.3 kt equivalent to  
5.8% of total waste 
1 Product-based revenues are, by default, non-service-related third-party revenues from ABB-owned products, excluding systems, internal sales and non-
promoted brands. Exclusions follow documented company guidelines. The Robotics division, which is being divested in 2026, is not included in the target for 
2025. For 2025 46% of the product based revenues have been assessed. 
2 The reported target for 2025 is calculated based on data for Q1 to Q3 2025. 
3 Waste from demolition and construction are excluded from the target; waste sent to incineration without energy recovery is included. In 2025, the calculation 
of the KPI was refined to include hazardous waste sent to landfill or incineration, which was previously excluded. 
 
 
[E5-3 24 (a)] There are no additional targets relating to product design. [E5-3 24 
(d)] Similarly, there are no additional targets relating to renewable resources, [E5-3 
24 (f)] or other matters relating to resource use or circular economy, [E5-3 24 (d) | 
E5-3 25] including information on the waste hierarchy to which any such targets 
would relate. [E5-3 27] None of our targets are mandatory in the sense of being 
required by legislation. 
 
— 
Circularity 
management 
[E5-2] ACTIONS RELATED TO RESOURCE USE AND CIRCULARITY 
 
TAKE-BACK AND RECYCLING PROGRAM FOR MOTORS 
[E5-2 19] ABB has operated a global Take-Back and Recycling program since 2023, 
aimed at increasing circularity at the end-of-life stage of ABB Motion products, 
specifically motors, including non-ABB equipment. The program aims to ensure 
that returned assets are responsibly recycled. While globally supported, execution 
is locally driven, with active operations in nine countries. 
This initiative applies our Circularity Approach principles to enable more efficient 
resource use and reduce negative environmental impacts. It also strengthens 
ABB’s market positioning by fostering partnerships with waste management 
companies, customers and channel partners. 

[page 82]
80 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
WASTE OPTIMIZATION AND REDUCTION PROGRAMS 
[E5-2 19] ABB is implementing site-level programs across its operations to 
optimize waste management and to prevent and reduce waste, with the objective 
of eliminating landfill disposal of waste under our operational control by 2030, 
wherever compatible with local conditions and regulations. This includes both 
hazardous and non-hazardous waste, with formal exclusions for specific 
categories such as demolition waste and other one-off or mandated disposals. 
Execution is the responsibility of our divisions and follows the ABB Way operating 
model. The waste optimization and reduction programs contribute directly to the 
waste-related KPIs of our Circularity Framework and focus on waste generated 
within our direct operations and at sites under ABB’s operational control. 
 
ACTIONS OVERVIEW (E5) 
[E5 MDR-A 68 (a), 68 (b), 68 (c)] 
We are already executing all activities listed below. 
 List of key actions IROs covered Scope Time horizon 
Take-Back and Recycling Program for Motors E5-PI-01, E5-PI-
02 
The action covers ABB’s direct 
operations and downstream 
value chain, focusing on end-of-
life management of Motion 
products. 
Ongoing program, initiated in 
2023 
Waste Optimization and Reduction Programs 
at Site-Level 
E5-PI-01, E5-NI-
01 
For all sites in ABB's direct 
operations, each division decides 
how to implement measures 
based on prioritization and 
evaluation. 
 
2030 
    
  
     
   
 

[page 83]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   81 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
— 
Facts & figures 
Resource use and 
circular economy 
[E5-4] METRICS: RESOURCE INFLOWS 
[E5-4 30] ABB publishes the weight of the four main material groups, which make 
up the main share (around 80 percent) of our products’ weight. All four material 
groups fall under the definition of “technical materials” according to ESRS. 
At this stage, packaging materials have not been included in the calculation, due to 
insufficient internal data quality. 
[E5-4 31 (a) | E5 MDR-M 77 (c)] During the reporting period the total weight of 
products and technical materials used for the manufacturing of our products 
amounted to: 
Materials used (kilotons)1  2025 2024 
Metals  623  
Copper  73  
Aluminum  29  
Steel (incl. iron casting)  521  
Plastics  53  
Total weight of materials used 676  
1 Values reported in 2024 are not comparable as they were prepared following the GRI definition.  
 
 
[E5-4 31 (c)] The weight of secondary reused or recycled components, secondary 
intermediary products, and secondary materials used is not reported, as this 
information is not yet captured with sufficient accuracy in our internal systems. 
 
[E5-5] METRICS: RESOURCE OUTFLOWS 
[E5-5 35] ABB is committed to using materials with a low environmental footprint 
and to designing components and products that are resource-efficient throughout 
their life cycle. By maximizing the share of sustainable materials, we reduce 
environmental and human health impacts during use, while also enabling materials 
to be recovered and reintroduced multiple times once products reach their end-of-
life. The following are key circular design portfolios in our business areas. 
• Motion: This business area is subdivided into two clusters: 
o Electric Motion: ABB’s comprehensive portfolio of high-efficiency 
motors, generators and variable speed drives improve energy 
efficiency, productivity and reliability across industries, while also 
extending asset lifetimes. They are designed for high efficiency, 
reducing life cycle energy consumption, durability and resource 
efficiency to minimize resource use and waste and for modular and 
upgradable architectures enabling serviceability and recyclability. 
o Traction Solutions: Our propulsion, auxiliary and energy storage 
systems for rail and e-mobility, supported by life cycle maintenance 
and retrofit services, are built to maximize energy efficiency and 
reduce emissions over their life cycle; to ensure longevity through 
durability, retrofit and modernization. They also help to adopt 
modular designs that enable reuse, serviceability and recyclability. 
• Electrification: This is a range of products and solutions that connect, 
protect, control and measure electrical systems across residential, 
commercial and industrial sectors, spanning low- and medium-voltage 
applications and supporting diverse industries including infrastructure, 
manufacturing, energy and transportation. Across this portfolio, our 
approach to circular design is anchored in a comprehensive framework 
that spans the entire product life cycle, from design and sourcing to end-
of-life. Products are designed for modularity, durability and recyclability, 
with sourcing practices focused on sustainable materials and close 

[page 84]
82 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
supplier collaboration. Manufacturing and logistics operations are 
optimized to reduce and recycle waste, while packaging is tailored for 
minimal environmental impact. Once products are deployed, ABB enables 
customers to extend asset lifetimes through energy-efficient use, 
modernization services and predictive maintenance. End-of-life strategies 
include take-back programs and recycling partnerships to ensure 
responsible disposal and material recovery. Transparency is ensured 
through the ABB EcoSolutionsTM program. 
• Automation: This business area is subdivided into several divisions with 
individual circular design portfolios. 
o The solutions in Energy Industries are built to ensure longevity 
through durability, retrofit, modernization and digital upgrades; and 
to adopt modular designs that enable reuse, serviceability and 
recyclability, supporting material recovery at end-of-life. They also 
help expand the lifetime of assets through servicing, upgrades and 
digital monitoring. 
o Our main circularity offering in Marine & Ports is electric propulsion 
systems, which reduce fuel consumption and enable the use of 
alternative fuel sources. The products are designed for repairability 
and appropriate recycling at end-of-life. 
o The comprehensive sensor portfolio of Measurement & Analytics 
enables a wide range of industries to maximize uptime, minimize 
manual intervention and streamline sustainable operations, all of 
which are complemented by life cycle maintenance and retrofit 
services. 
o With their digital tools, the Process Industries division helps mining, 
pulp & paper and metals customers maximize efficiency and 
sustainability by reducing energy use and costs, transitioning to 
low-carbon operations and ensuring process control to minimize 
waste. Upgrades enable serviceability, ensure longevity through 
durability, retrofit and modernization. 
o The Machine Automation portfolio combines motion control, vision 
systems, robotics and intelligent pick-and-place mechanics for 
maximizing efficiency over the entire life cycle, thus minimizing 
product deficiencies (resource consumption) and maximizing energy 
efficiency at our customers’ facilities. 
[E5-5 36 (a), 36 (b)] Due to our highly diversified product portfolio, which includes 
millions of products and product variants across a wide range of industries and 
applications, it is not feasible to provide durability and repairability data at a level 
of granularity that would be meaningful for stakeholders. Furthermore, industry-
wide benchmarks for product durability are not consistently available or 
comparable across the relevant product groups. We will continue to monitor the 
relevance of this datapoint in future reporting cycles and reassess its materiality as 
appropriate. 
[E5-5 36 (c)] In 2025, we achieved a recyclable content of 78 percent in our products. 
The recyclability rate is calculated based on the total weight of the main four 
purchased material groups reported above (ESRS E5-4 31a); packaging is excluded 
due to insufficient internal data quality. This proxy reflects recyclability of materials 
acquired rather than those incorporated in final products. This approach is 
considered a reasonable interim methodology until detailed product sales data 
becomes available to enable more accurate calculations. 
[E5-5 38 (a), 38 (b)] Waste streams reported across ABB’s manufacturing and 
service sites reflect the company’s operational profile in the electrical equipment 
and automation sector. In 2025, commonly reported waste streams in this sector 
included scrap metal, packaging materials, wood, electronic components, solvents 
and thermoplastic resins. These are generated primarily through machining, 
assembly, testing and maintenance activities, as well as logistics and warehouse 
operations. 
In 2025, the main waste material tracked at Group level was scrap metal, including 
ferrous and non-ferrous metals, which is tracked across sites due to its relevance 

[page 85]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   83 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
for ABB operations. As a leading manufacturer of motors, metal waste from, for 
example, electrical steel, constitutes a major share of ABB’s total waste. Additional 
materials such as plastics, wood, solvents, packaging and electronic components 
are present in the waste streams of specific locations but are not centrally tracked 
or aggregated at Group level. The extent to which these materials are reported 
depends on site-specific operations, local requirements and waste infrastructure. 
[E5-5 37 (a), 37 (b), 37 (c), 37 (d) | E5-5 39 | E5 MDR-M 77 (c)] Overall waste generation 
increased between 2024 and 2025 mainly due to larger construction and demolition 
projects in several sites, update of waste inventories and a refined methodology for 
several waste categories. 
 
  2025 2024 
Total amount of waste generated (in kt)1 218 189 
Total amount of hazardous waste (in kt) 6 7 
Total amount of hazardous waste diverted from disposal  
(in kt) 3  
Recycling 3  
Preparation for reuse —  
Other recovery operations  —  
Total amount of hazardous waste directed to disposal 
(in kt) 3  
Incineration 2  
Landfill  1  
Other disposal operations  —  
Total amount of non-hazardous waste (in kt) 212 182 
Total amount of non-hazardous waste diverted from 
disposal (in kt) 173 153 
Recycling 170 153 
Preparation for reuse 2  
Other recovery operations  1  
Total amount of  
non-hazardous waste directed to disposal (in kt) 39 30 
Incineration 9 10 
Landfill2 12 20 
Other disposal operations  18  
Total amount of non-recycled waste,  
hazardous and non-hazardous (in kt) 42 32 
Percentage of non-recycled waste 19% 17% 
Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add to the totals provided. 
Comparatives not shown unless already reported in the 2024 Sustainability report. 
1 The 2024 waste figures have been adjusted for changes in methodology relating to estimated consumption for 
non-reporting sites.  
2 For 2024 Landfill and Other disposal operations were presented together.  
 
 

[page 86]
84 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
 METHODOLOGY 
[E5 MDR-M 77 (a)] 
Total weight of products 
[E5-4 32] In 2025, ABB introduced a new methodology for calculating and reporting 
the total weight of products and materials used based on the four main material 
groups, marking a significant evolution from previous years’ practices under the 
GRI reporting framework. This methodological update was designed to enhance 
consistency and alignment with our scope 3.1 emissions calculation approach, 
thereby improving the reliability and comparability of the reported data. 
The revised methodology is based on the implementation of a dedicated internal 
tool capable of extracting product weight information from our internal databases, 
where available. Where direct data is not accessible, the tool applies structured 
logic to extrapolate weight values based on product specifications and 
classifications. In cases where weight data is missing or incomplete, the 
methodology relies on reasonable assumptions, such as using comparable 
products with similar characteristics and price-to-weight relationships, to estimate 
values based on spend data. These assumptions are applied consistently to 
maintain reliability and minimize estimation bias. For the 2025 reporting cycle, we 
focused on primary material groups, which account for approximately 80 percent of 
our total raw material weight. This targeted scope was chosen to ensure a high 
level of data quality and relevance. 
Data related to the E-mobility business is currently excluded, as this area is not 
considered financially material for the purposes of this metric and therefore falls 
outside the defined scope. 
Recyclability rate 
Recyclability is assessed at the material level using proxies derived from IEC/TR 
62635 and EN 45555:2020 standards, complemented by scientific literature. The 
most conservative recycling scenario described in IEC/TR 62635 is applied to 
ensure prudence. For simplification, a single proxy is assigned per material type, 
and conservative factors are included to account for product characteristics that 
may affect recyclability (e.g., coatings, disassembly). These factors are based on 
expert judgment and may evolve over time as data quality improves. 
Waste 
[E5-5 40] Waste data is reported at site level through the global ABB reporting 
system for environmental data. For more information on our reporting system and 
exceptions, please see the methodology section under E1-6 (Greenhouse gas 
emissions). More information on estimation methodology can also be found there. 
Definitions of waste types: 
• Waste diverted from disposal, breakdown by hazardous and non-
hazardous waste and treatment type: We consider waste as diverted from 
disposal when it is recycled, prepared for reuse or through another 
recovery operation. Recycling is any recovery operation by which waste 
materials are reprocessed into products, materials or substances, whether 
for the original or other purposes. It includes the reprocessing of organic 
material but does not include incineration with energy recovery. 
Preparation for reuse is checking, cleaning or repairing operations, by 
which products or components of products that have become waste are 
prepared to be put to use for the same purpose for which they were 
conceived. Recovery is any operation, the principal result of which is waste 
serving a useful purpose by replacing other materials which would 
otherwise have been used to fulfill a particular function, or waste being 
prepared to fulfill that function, in the plant or in the wider economy. 
• Waste directed to disposal, breakdown by hazardous and non-hazardous 
waste and treatment type: We consider waste as directed to disposal 

[page 87]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   85 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
when it is sent to incineration, landfill or other disposal types. Incineration 
is the controlled burning of waste at high temperature with or without 
energy recovery. Landfill is a waste disposal site for the deposit of the 
waste onto or into land. Waste sent to other disposal operations covers all 
other disposal types. 
Data entry for waste is typically done in tons, kilograms or pounds. If additional 
conversion is needed (e.g., from m3 into tons), the conversion is calculated locally 
using conversion rates from local sources and providers. 
Waste figures from the baseline reporting period are not adjusted for mergers & 
acquisitions, calculation errors or methodology changes. The comparative period is 
adjusted if the cumulative impact of mergers & acquisitions, calculation errors and 
methodology changes exceed 5 percent, or lower if deemed necessary or 
appropriate, of the Group total. If adjustments to the comparative reporting period 
are made, the respective tables are annotated accordingly. 

[page 88]
86 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
WATER MANAGEMENT AT ABB 
 
 
— 
Water as a material 
topic 
Water management at ABB is especially relevant in areas of increased water stress. 
We apply our environmental management system and specific water standards to 
manage the associated challenges. 
 
[E3 IRO-1] IDENTIFYING AND ASSESSING MATERIAL IROs 
[E3 IRO-1 8 (a)] In the DMA update carried out at ABB in 2025, the materiality of 
water was identified as being driven by the impact of water stress in production 
sites in those locations where this is an issue. Hence, the focus of the analysis was 
on the real or potential impact that water consumption has in areas of water risk or 
high water stress. The aspect of marine resources does not apply to any of our 
locations or activities. 
Regarding material IROs, the DMA revealed two actual negative impacts with 
regard to water, both in the upstream value chain, with one of them also applying 
to own operations. These are further outlined in the IRO table under “Sustainability 
at ABB”, section IRO-1. 
Among the tools we use to monitor and manage water-related risks across our 
operations is the World Resources Institute’s Aqueduct tool. Aqueduct lets us 
assess our facilities according to the level of baseline water stress of the local 
watershed. We use it to track levels of groundwater depletion, flood risk and 
seasonal variability of water availability at our sites. In 2025, the Aqueduct tool 
includes information on all ABB sites that report water consumption. 
[E3 IRO-1 8 (b)] In the course of our regular consultations, stakeholder opinions 
were taken into account in arriving at our IROs. 
 
— 
Water-related 
policies  
[E3-1] POLICIES RELATED TO WATER 
All sustainability-related policies of ABB are described in a dedicated Policies 
section at the end of the chapter “Sustainability at ABB”. 
COVERAGE OF ABB’S WATER POLICIES 
[E3-1 12 (a), 12 (a) i, 12 (a) ii, 12 (a) iii, 12 (b)] ABB’s Water Management and 
Conservation Requirements and its associated ACOP address the use and sourcing 
of water in the company’s operations, requiring that all ABB units must confirm 
with all legal requirements applying to the withdrawal of water and its use. The 
policy also includes the prevention of pollution. If a site sends contaminated 
wastewater offsite for treatment the policy stipulates that only licensed service 
providers shall be used. 
In addition, we have introduced a new Environmental Procedure in 2025 that 
specifies the requirements for sites located in areas of water stress as outlined 
below (see [E3-3 23]). The management standard, ACOP and the Environmental 
Procedure refer to water management at site level and do not include specific 
requirements for product design. 

[page 89]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   87 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
[E3-1 12 (c)] ABB’s water policies ensure that water consumption in areas of water 
stress, both in own operations and in the value chain, are responsibly managed. 
Respective units and locations must have an adequate action plan in place for how 
to reduce withdrawals. In our policies, we follow the World Resources Institute’s 
Aqueduct global water risk tool. 
 
— 
Water-related 
targets 
[E3-3] TARGETS RELATED TO WATER 
[E3-3 22 | E3-3 23 (a), 23 (c) | E3-3 25 | ESRS 2 72 | E3 MDR-T 81 (b) i, 81 (b) ii] We have 
not set an ESRS-aligned target related to water yet as the materiality for our 
operations is lower than for other topics of our Sustainability Agenda, including 
Climate and Circularity. We nevertheless aim to strengthen water stewardship at 
sites located in areas of water stress, based on the framework of the Alliance for 
Water Stewardship. We require  
• ABB sites located in extreme and high water stress areas to perform a self-
assessment on water stewardship and to develop an adequate action plan 
by the end of 2026. 
• Basic features of the plan to be implemented by the end of 2027 and to be 
continually improved on an annual basis. 
The level of ambition to be achieved as well as any qualitative and quantitative 
indicators to evaluate progress depend on the local situation at our sites. In line 
with our decentralized operating model, the ABB Way, the business areas are 
accountable for coordinating the development of a high-level roadmap with their 
countries and divisions. They review on an annual basis and assess whether 
appropriate progress is being made. 
Water stewardship is the responsible and sustainable management of water 
resources by considering environmental, social and economic impacts. It involves 
collaboration with relevant stakeholders and continuously improving practices. We 
support the sustainable management of water as a common public resource, which 
includes managing one of our water-related IROs. 
 
— 
Water-related 
actions 
[E3-2] ACTIONS RELATED TO WATER 
[E3-2 17 | E3-2 19 | E3 MDR-A 62] Currently, ABB has no ESRS-aligned action plan for 
sites in areas of water stress. However, our sites take action to reduce the use of 
water. As for ABB’s new Environmental Procedure, we aim to strengthen water 
stewardship at sites that are located in areas of water stress. These sites are 
required to plan for and implement adequate water stewardship measures based 
on the framework of the Alliance for Water Stewardship. 
 
— 
Facts & figures 
Water 
[E3-4] WATER CONSUMPTION 
[E3-4 28 (b) | E3 MDR-M 77 (c)] 
Water consumption (in m3) 2025 2024 
Total water consumption in areas at water risk, including areas 
of high water stress 309,545 283,123 
 
 
Total water consumption in areas at water risk, including areas of high water 
stress increased between 2024 and 2025 due to an increase in locations classified 
as such areas in the Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas tool. In addition, water discharge 
may decrease during the roll-out of water stewardship projects, leading to a higher 
difference between water withdrawal and discharge. In 2025, 107 sites are located 
in areas of high water stress. The majority of these sites are located in Europe and 
in the Americas. 

[page 90]
88 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
[E3-4 28 (e)] Water consumption in areas of water risk is calculated as water 
withdrawn less water discharged. Water withdrawn is based on direct 
measurements, while the majority of water discharged is not directly measured 
and is calculated using individual site-usage patterns. 
Based on these prerequisites, in 2025, 100 percent of the amount of water 
withdrawn and 2 percent of the water discharged was based on direct 
measurement, as described in the Methodology section below. 
METHODOLOGY 
[E3 MDR-M 77 (a)] 
Water withdrawal and discharge are collected through the global ABB reporting 
system for environmental data. For more information on our reporting system and 
exceptions, please refer to the methodology section under E1-6 (Greenhouse gas 
emissions). When water discharge is not available it is estimated using an average 
rate of 26% for manufacturing sites and 13% for non-manufacturing sites for the 
current year. These rates are based on averages from ABB reporting sites. For 
some sites, based on local regulation, water withdrawn is considered equal to 
water consumed if water is not released back to the municipality but instead is 
reused within the premises. 
Water figures of the comparative reporting period are adjusted if the cumulative 
impact of calculation errors and methodology changes exceed 5 percent, or lower 
if deemed necessary or appropriate, of the Group total. If adjustments to the 
comparative reporting periods are made, the respective tables are annotated 
accordingly. 
Water withdrawal data is typically primary data and extracted from utility bills or 
meters. Water discharge is estimated as typically water outflow is not metered or 
measured, except for water discharge categories that involve third-party 
transactions and which are documented by invoices. 
The assessment of exposure of our sites to water risk is based on the Aqueduct 
Water Risk Atlas tool of the World Resources Institute. According to its definitions, 
areas at water risk are water catchments where several physical factors related to 
water cause one or more water bodies to have less than good status and/or 
deteriorate in status. Areas of high water stress are defined as regions that 
withdraw 40–80 percent of their renewable water supply; extremely high stress 
occurs when more than 80 percent is withdrawn. 
 

[page 91]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   89 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
EU TAXONOMY: DISCLOSURES FOR 
FINANCIAL YEAR 2025 
 
— 
EU Taxonomy: 
Background 
 
The EU Taxonomy Regulation establishes a standardized framework to define which 
economic activities can be considered “environmentally sustainable”. It aims to 
direct capital flows into such activities, enhancing transparency on corporate 
performance for investors and stakeholders. 
The EU Taxonomy categorizes “environmentally sustainable” business activities 
into six pre-defined environmental objectives11. It distinguishes between 
“Taxonomy-eligible” and “Taxonomy-aligned” economic activities. An economic 
activity is considered “eligible” if it is described in the adopted EU Taxonomy 
Climate and Environmental Delegated Acts. An eligible activity is only considered 
environmentally sustainable, and thus “aligned”, if it meets the specified technical 
screening criteria: 
• Substantial contribution to one of the six environmental objectives; 
• Do no significant harm (DNSH) to other five environmental objectives; 
and 
• Minimum safeguards, primarily related to human rights and social and 
labor standards. 
Companies are required to disclose the following KPIs: turnover, capital 
expenditure (CapEx) and operating expenditure (OpEx), associated with both 
Taxonomy-eligible and -aligned activities. 
Since 2021, ABB has been preparing its EU Taxonomy disclosures in accordance 
with Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the related Delegated Acts. The 
legal framework for EU Taxonomy reporting continues to evolve. This year, as part 
of the broader EU Omnibus package to simplify sustainability reporting, a new 
Delegated Act was adopted “amending Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2021/2178 as regards the simplification of the content and presentation of 
information to be disclosed concerning environmentally sustainable activities and 
Commission Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 and (EU) 2023/2486 as regards 
simplification of certain technical screening criteria for determining whether 
economic activities cause no significant harm to environmental objectives” (the 
Omnibus Delegated Act). Specifically, the Omnibus Delegated Act introduced 
materiality thresholds, new reporting templates and targeted adjustments to 
DNSH pollution criteria (Appendix C). For 2025, ABB applied the Omnibus 
Delegated Act to our reporting. In line with the new rules, we introduced a 
materiality threshold to our EU Taxonomy activities, which required updating our 
reporting methodology compared to last year. EU Taxonomy alignment remains 
challenging as the revised Appendix C criteria still go beyond sectoral legal 
obligations. 
The EU Taxonomy Regulation is a dynamic, evolving legislation. Its formulations 
and terms are sometimes subject to uncertainty in interpretation and require 
further clarification. These disclosures rely on our current understanding and 
interpretation of the Regulation; the approach applied for this year’s reporting is 
updated in comparison to last year and may not apply in the same way in the 
future. 
 
 
11 Climate change mitigation, climate change adaptation, sustainable use and 
protection of water and marine resources, transition to a circular economy, pollution 
prevention and control, and protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystem. 
 
 

[page 92]
90 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
— 
ABB’s 
implementation of 
the EU Taxonomy 
Following the ABB Way and our decentralized operating model, we adopted a 
decentralized approach to EU Taxonomy reporting in close cooperation with our 
business areas and divisions. The Sustainability Reporting Steering Committee and 
the FACC oversee our compliance with EU Taxonomy reporting obligations and are 
kept informed on an ongoing basis. 
ELIGIBILITY ASSESSMENT 
There were no changes to our eligibility assessment process compared to last 
year. To determine the eligibility of our revenues12, we re-examined our global 
product offering in relation to the economic activities outlined by the EU 
Taxonomy Delegated Acts. Our revenues were mapped following the ABB product 
tree by business area, division, product group, product line and industry usage. 
Most of our eligible products and services fall under the category of “enabling 
activities”, which refers to economic activities that “directly enable other activities 
to make a substantial contribution” to one of the environmental objectives, as per 
Article 16 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Business activities, products and 
solutions that do not fit into the descriptions of the EU Taxonomy Delegated Acts 
are classified as “non-eligible” and are therefore not included in the scope of the 
EU Taxonomy reporting. We guided our analysis by the descriptions of the 
activities, the relevant Nomenclature of Economic Activities (NACE) codes and, if 
necessary, the substantial contribution criteria. All ABB divisions assessed their 
offerings at the appropriate level of granularity to be able to determine eligibility. 
Our revenue-generating activities are eligible under the objectives of “Climate 
Change Mitigation” (CCM) and “Transition to a Circular Economy” (CE). The most 
significant turnover-generating activity for ABB is CCM 3.20 “Manufacture, 
installation, and servicing of high, medium and low voltage electrical equipment 
for electrical transmission and distribution”. 
Our eligible CapEx and OpEx were identified centrally or at the division and project 
levels, where necessary. More details on CapEx and OpEx assessment 
methodology are included in the KPI section. 
For both CapEx and OpEx, CCM 3.20 is the largest eligible activity due to the 
applied revenue allocation key. 
In line with the new Omnibus Delegated Act, ABB applied a de minimis threshold of 
10 percent to its turnover EU Taxonomy activities. 
The following EU Taxonomy activities were therefore in focus of the turnover 
eligibility and alignment assessment, as material to us: 
• CCM 3.20 Manufacture, installation, and servicing of high, medium, and 
low voltage electrical equipment for electrical transmission and 
distribution; 
• CE 1.2 Manufacture of electrical and electronic equipment; 
• CCM 3.6 Manufacture of other low-carbon technologies; 
• CCM 4.9 Transmission and distribution of electricity; and 
• CCM 7.6 Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable energy 
technologies. 
For CapEx and OpEx, materiality thresholds were applied indirectly through the 
revenue-based allocation key, where applicable. For individual measures (CapEx C), 
no materiality threshold was applied at the level of eligible EU Taxonomy activities.  
 
12 The terms turnover and revenue are used interchangeably throughout the EU 
Taxonomy disclosures. 

[page 93]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   91 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
ALIGNMENT ASSESSMENT 
SUBSTANTIAL CONTRIBUTION 
The first step of the alignment assessment was to analyze whether the material 
activities fulfill the substantial contribution criteria laid down in the respective 
Delegated Acts. 
The criteria for substantial contribution vary significantly across different 
activities. For the activities most relevant to ABB, it can be summarized as follows: 
• CCM Activity 3.20 (turnover): The substantial contribution requirements 
related to the inclusion of specific types of equipment were considered 
already during our eligibility screening; we assessed applicable energy 
efficiency classes, and we excluded revenues from products used in fossil 
fuel industries, as well as switchgear containing SF6. 
• CE Activity 1.2 (turnover): It was not possible to demonstrate full 
conformity with the comprehensive substantial contribution criteria this 
year, resulting in no aligned products under this activity. 
• CCM Activity 3.6 (turnover): Due to the limited availability of Life Cycle 
Assessments (LCAs) and difficulties in operationalizing the concept of 
“best performing alternative”, the criteria were not fully met. 
• CCM Activity 4.9 (turnover): Specific ABB products for strengthening and 
balancing the grid correspond to the equipment outlined in the 
substantial contribution. 
• CCM Activity 7.6 (turnover and CapEx): ABB offering and investments 
were classified into the specified types of renewable energy technologies. 
• CCM Activity 7.7 (CapEx): Substantial contribution criteria are challenging 
due to limited availability of data related to energy performance 
certificate of the buildings. 
DO NO SIGNIFICANT HARM (DNSH) 
Activities identified as significantly contributing to an environmental objective 
were subsequently evaluated for compliance with the DNSH criteria. This 
assessment was conducted at the product, site and company levels, depending on 
the criteria: 
• For DNSH to Climate Change Adaptation (Appendix A), we evaluated 
physical climate risks and, where needed, possible adaptation measures 
for our manufacturing sites. 
• For DNSH to Sustainable Use and Protection of Water and Marine 
Resources (Appendix B), we assessed the water impacts from the 
perspective of water quality preservation and water stress avoidance. If 
water risks are identified, sites are required to take appropriate 
mitigation measures in line with ABB’s environmental policies. In addition, 
many of our sites are certified according to ISO 14001 environmental 
management systems and ISO 9001 quality management systems. 
• For DNSH to Transition to a Circular Economy, we leveraged our 
company-wide Circularity Approach and policies on sustainable materials, 
circular design principles and “zero waste to landfill” targets. 
• For DNSH to Pollution Prevention and Control (Appendix C), we leveraged 
our comprehensive company-wide material compliance systems and 
processes which are in place at ABB in order to meet applicable sectoral 
regulatory requirements. Although the Omnibus Delegated Act simplified 
the DNSH criteria, these remain complex and differ from the relevant 
sectoral legislation, especially with regard to data availability on suitable 
alternatives to Substances of Very High Concern, which continues to be 
the primary reason of non-alignment for ABB. 
• For DNSH to Protection and Restoration of Biodiversity and Ecosystems 
(Appendix D), a dedicated assessment was conducted for all EU and non-
EU sites in scope. Sites in or near biodiversity-sensitive areas were further 
analyzed for their potential impacts on those areas. 
• For DNSH to Climate Change Mitigation, direct GHG emissions from on-
site generation of heat/cool or co-generation including power were 
evaluated at the site level, utilizing ABB’s Scope 1 reporting. 

[page 94]
92 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
 
MINIMUM SAFEGUARDS 
The Minimum Safeguards are based on Article 18 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
and require compliance with principles laid down by the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Guidelines for Multinational 
Enterprises (2023 OECD Guidelines), the UN Guiding Principles on Business and 
Human Rights (UNGPs), the eight fundamental conventions of the International 
Labour Organization (ILO) on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, and the 
International Bill of Human Rights. 
In 2025, we refreshed our assessment to confirm compliance with the Minimum 
Safeguards. Overall, our assessment covers ten areas: 1) human rights policies,  
2) human rights due diligence & risk assessment, 3) addressing human rights 
impacts, 4) human rights communication, 5) grievance mechanisms, 6) consumer 
interests, 7) anti-corruption, 8) competition, 9) taxation and 10) science, 
technology and innovation. 
For further information, please refer to the relevant chapters on “Sustainability at 
ABB” and “Social information” of this Sustainability Statement. 
 
— 
EU Taxonomy KPI 
calculation 
ABB FINANCIAL AND NON-FINANCIAL REPORTING 
ABB prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with United 
States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (US GAAP), while the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation references KPI disclosures in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS). The two standards are largely converged; however, 
research & development (R&D) costs are expensed as incurred under US GAAP and 
reported as part of the OpEx KPI. Most other differences in revenue recognition, 
tangible and intangible assets, and leases are minor, with no significant impact on 
data comparability. 
Calculations were made by considering the contribution of our business activities 
under one economic activity, without double counting. 
The Taxonomy KPIs were calculated using data for the financial year ended 
December 31, 2025. In the Financial Report 2025, the results of operations for the 
Robotics division have been presented as discontinued operations for all periods 
presented. Accordingly, to maintain consistency with the financial reporting, the 
Robotics division was also excluded from the Taxonomy KPIs. 
TURNOVER KPI 
The proportion of Taxonomy-eligible and/or -aligned turnover has been calculated 
as the part of net turnover derived from products and services associated with 
Taxonomy-eligible and/or -aligned economic activities (numerator) divided by net 
turnover (denominator) for the financial year ended December 31, 2025. 
The denominator is the Group’s net turnover as presented in the Financial Report 
2025 in the Consolidated Income Statements under the line item “Total revenues,” 
in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, the discontinued operations of ABB’s 
Robotics division are excluded from the denominator. 

[page 95]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   93 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 2025, 39 percent of ABB’s revenues are 
Taxonomy-eligible under the objective of Climate Change Mitigation (CCM) and 
6 percent under the objective of Transition to Circular Economy (CE). The aligned 
revenue is reported only under CCM, and despite the targeted simplification of the 
DNSH pollution criteria, it remains at 1 percent. The turnover considered non-
material accounts for 8 percent. This non-material turnover is associated with the 
NACE codes C26 “Manufacture of computer, electronic and optical products”, C27 
“Manufacture of electrical equipment”, C28 “Manufacture of machinery and 
equipment not elsewhere classified”, and J62 “Computer programming, 
consultancy and related activities”. 
In comparison, in 2024, 54 percent of our revenues were Taxonomy-eligible, and 
0 percent of our revenues were Taxonomy-aligned. However, due to the regulatory 
changes introduced by the Omnibus Delegated Act, results from this year and 
previous years are not entirely comparable, since some activities that we reported 
last year were not included in this year’s reporting due to the applied materiality 
thresholds. 
Against this background, most of our Taxonomy-eligible turnover is reported 
under: 
• CCM 3.20 Manufacture, installation, and servicing of high, medium, and 
low voltage electrical equipment for electrical transmission and 
distribution; 
• CE 1.2 Manufacture of electrical and electronic equipment; and 
• CCM 3.6 Manufacture of other low-carbon technologies. 
Aligned turnover is reported under the following activities: 
• CCM 3.20 Manufacture, installation, and servicing of high, medium, and 
low voltage electrical equipment for electrical transmission and 
distribution; 
• CCM 4.9 Transmission and distribution of electricity; and 
• CCM 7.6 Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable energy 
technologies. 
The details of the turnover KPI and breakdowns are provided on p. 141 of the 
Sustainability Statement. 
CAPEX KPI 
The CapEx KPI is defined as Taxonomy-eligible and/or -aligned CapEx (numerator) 
divided by total CapEx (denominator) for the financial year ended December 31, 
2025. According to the EU Taxonomy definition, ABB’s total CapEx includes: 
• Total additions to tangible and intangible assets before depreciation, 
amortization, revaluations and impairments, which are included in the 
Capital expenditures as presented in Note 23 “Operating segment and 
geographic data” of Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 
Financial Report 2025. 
• Leases (finance and operating), where corresponding values are derived 
from our internal reporting systems but are not directly reconcilable with 
the figures presented in Note 16 “Leases” of Consolidated Financial 
Statements included in the Financial Report 2025, that only discloses the 
additional operating lease for the reporting period and does not include 
finance lease as they are deemed immaterial for disclosure. 
• Assets acquired as part of business combinations, where corresponding 
values are derived from our internal reporting systems but are not directly 
reconcilable with the figures presented in the consolidated Financial 
Report 2025. 
In the numerator, Taxonomy-eligible or -aligned CapEx includes CapEx related to 
assets or processes associated with eligible or aligned EU Taxonomy activities, 
and CapEx related to the purchase of output for eligible or aligned activities and 
individual measures. ABB did not consider “CapEx plans” in 2025. 

[page 96]
94 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
The CapEx numerator calculation was performed in two steps: 
1. Eligible real estate initiatives and large investments were analyzed on a 
case-by-case basis and directly mapped to the relevant EU Taxonomy 
activities by our business areas and divisions (CapEx C). Aligned CapEx is 
calculated based on a dedicated alignment assessment for those 
investments, conducted by ABB’s global real estate function, and is 
primarily related to individual measures (e.g., CCM 7.6 “Installation, 
maintenance and repair of renewable energy technologies”). 
2. All remaining CapEx additions were allocated per division based on a 
revenue allocation key that reflects the share of eligible and aligned 
revenue-generating EU Taxonomy activities (CapEx A). 
For the year ended December 31, 2025, 34 percent of our CapEx are eligible under 
the objective of Climate Change Mitigation (CCM) and 3 percent are eligible under 
the objective of Circular Economy (CE). The aligned CapEx is reported only under 
CCM and accounts for 1 percent. 
In comparison, in 2024, 44 percent of our CapEx were eligible, and 1 percent of our 
CapEx were aligned. However, due to the regulatory changes introduced by the 
Omnibus Delegated Act, CapEx results from this year and previous years are not 
entirely comparable, as this year materiality thresholds were indirectly applied to 
CapEx A through the revenue allocation key. 
Against this background, most of our Taxonomy-eligible CapEx is reported under: 
• CCM 3.20 Manufacture, installation and servicing of high, medium and 
low voltage electrical equipment for electrical transmission and 
distribution; 
• CCM 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings; and 
• CE 1.2 Manufacture of electrical and electronic equipment. 
Aligned CapEx is primarily related to individual measures and purchase of output 
from EU Taxonomy activities, with most of our aligned CapEx being reported 
under: 
• CCM 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings; and 
• CCM 7.6 Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable energy 
technologies. 
As in the previous year, CCM 7.7 “Acquisition and ownership of buildings” accounts 
for the biggest portion of CapEx eligibility in ABB’s real estate portfolio. The 
difference between Taxonomy-eligible and -aligned CapEx is primarily due to 
challenges in applying EU Energy Performance of Buildings Directive to our global 
real estate portfolio outside of the EU and energy certificates not meeting the 
substantial contribution criteria for energy efficiency of buildings. 
The details of the CapEx KPI and breakdowns are provided on p. 142 of the 
Sustainability Statement. 
OPEX KPI 
The OpEx KPI is defined as Taxonomy-eligible and/or -aligned OpEx (numerator) 
divided by total OpEx (denominator) for the financial year ended December 31, 
2025. According to the EU Taxonomy definition, the total OpEx used for the 
denominator consists of direct non-capitalized costs related to R&D, short-term 
leases (less than one year), repairs and maintenance, building renovation 
measures, and any other direct expenditures associated with the day-to-day 
servicing of assets including property, plant and equipment. 
Following EU Taxonomy definition of OpEx and our accounting policy, our total 
OpEx includes: 
• R&D costs, derived from the line item “Non-Order related research and 
development expenses” in the Consolidated Income Statements of the 
Financial Report 2025; and 

[page 97]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   95 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
• “Other OpEx”, where corresponding values are derived from our internal 
reporting systems but are not directly reconcilable with the figures 
presented in the Consolidated Income Statements. Expenses related to 
building renovation projects would be capitalized under US GAAP and, 
therefore, are out of scope of the OpEx KPI. 
The OpEx numerator calculation was performed in two steps: 
1. R&D expenses, which are specifically attributable to developing SF6-free 
alternatives and are particularly relevant for achieving alignment under 
the activity CCM 3.20, are allocated to the activity CCM 3.20. 
2. For the rest of the R&D expenses and other OpEx, the revenue allocation 
key is applied. 
For the year ended December 31, 2025, 36 percent of OpEx are eligible under the 
objective of Climate Change Mitigation (CCM) and 6 percent under the objective of 
Circular Economy (CE). Mirroring the turnover results through the applied revenue 
allocation key, less than 0.5 percent, being rounded to 0 percent, of OpEx are 
aligned. 
In comparison, in 2024, 51 percent of our OpEx were Taxonomy-eligible and 
0 percent were Taxonomy-aligned. However, due to the regulatory changes 
introduced by the Omnibus Delegated Act, OpEx results from this year, and 
previous years are not entirely comparable, as this year materiality thresholds were 
indirectly applied to OpEx KPIs through the revenue allocation key. 
Mirroring the turnover eligibility results, most of our Taxonomy-eligible OpEx is 
reported under: 
• CCM 3.20 Manufacture, installation and servicing of high, medium and 
low voltage electrical equipment for electrical transmission and 
distribution; 
• CE 1.2 Manufacture of electrical and electronic equipment; and 
• CCM 3.6 Manufacture of other low-carbon technologies. 
Mirroring the turnover alignment results, Taxonomy-aligned OpEx is reported 
under the following activities: 
• CCM 3.20 Manufacture, installation, and servicing of high, medium, and 
low voltage electrical equipment for electrical transmission and 
distribution; 
• CCM 4.9 Transmission and distribution of electricity; and 
• CCM 7.6 Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable energy 
technologies. 
 
The details of the OpEx KPI and breakdowns are provided on p. 143 of the 
Sustainability Statement. 
2025 ABB ASSESSMENT RESULTS UNDER THE EU TAXONOMY: TURNOVER, CAPEX, 
OPEX KPIs 
   
Turnover
45% eligible
55% non-eligible
1% aligned
99% non-aligned
Capital
Expenditure
37% eligible
63% non-eligible
1% aligned
99% non-aligned
Operating 
Expenditure
42% eligible
58% non-eligible
0% aligned
100% non-aligned

[page 98]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
02 
SOCIAL  
INFORMATION  
  
Responsibility for our employees 97 
Social protection in the value chain 112 
Protecting vulnerable communities 121 
Protecting consumers 125 
 

[page 99]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   97 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY  
FOR OUR EMPLOYEES 
 
 
— 
Identification of 
material IROs 
[S1 SBM-3] MATERIAL IROs AND THEIR INTERACTION WITH STRATEGY AND 
BUSINESS MODEL 
[S1 SBM-3 14] All people in ABB’s own workforce as well as workers in the upstream 
and downstream value chain, who could be materially impacted by our own 
operations and those of the value chain are included in our disclosures according to 
ESRS. In this specific chapter on ESRS S1, the following disclosures relate to our 
own workforce only. Employees of our suppliers are covered in chapter S2, “Workers 
in the value chain”. 
[S1 SBM-3 14 (a)] ABB’s own workforce includes administrative and management 
functions as well as industry workers in the diverse business areas and divisions 
that collectively make up ABB. Our “own employees” comprise regular employees 
(including apprentices, interns and trainees) with fixed and temporary contracts, 
full-time and part-time. “Non-employees” refers to all persons contracted from 
third party (e.g., external personnel, labor agencies or other third-party bodies). 
They work under the supervision of ABB but are not on the payroll as they are not 
directly hired by ABB. 
[S1 SBM-3 14 (c)] Our own employees are positively impacted through factors such 
as competitive and performance-related remuneration, a range of social benefits, 
as well as our prioritization of health and safety, the championing of diversity and 
inclusion, and opportunities for professional and personal development. 
[S1 SBM-3 14 (b)] Potentially negative impacts on our own workforce include health 
and safety risks (related to individual incidents) and gender inequality at 
leadership levels. Policies, such as the ABB Way (with specific policies for the 
protection of the environment and of health and safety), the ABB Code of Conduct, 
and the D&I Policy are intended to actively prevent any such negative impacts. 
[S1 SBM-3 14 (d)] For material risks or opportunities arising from such impacts or 
from dependencies on our workforce, please see the table of IROs in the chapter 
“Sustainability at ABB”, section IRO-1. 
[S1 SBM-3 14 (e)] ABB did not identify any material workforce impacts from its 
environmental transition plans. 
[S1 SBM-3 14 (f) i, 14 (f) ii] No operations were assessed as being at significant risk 
of forced or compulsory labor. 
[S1 SBM-3 15] As represented in the IRO table in the Double Materiality Assessment 
section, through internal outreach and workshops, we identified that women in 
roles related to STEM areas (science, technology, engineering, mathematics) may 
be at greater risk of underrepresentation due to systemic factors. 
[S1 SBM-3 16] No other specific groups within our workforce were identified as 
being disproportionately affected by material risks or opportunities. 
 

[page 100]
98 ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
— 
Employee-related 
policies 
[S1-1] POLICIES 
[S1-1 19] All sustainability-related policies of ABB are described in a dedicated 
Policies section at the end of the chapter “Sustainability at ABB”. 
HUMAN RIGHTS-RELATED INFORMATION IN ABB POLICIES 
[S1-1 20, 20 (a), 20 (b), 20 (c)] For human rights policy commitments including 
engaging with own workforce, labor rights of value chain workers and the 
provision of remedy for human rights impacts, see the policy descriptions at the 
end of the chapter “Sustainability at ABB”, in particular, the ABB Code of Conduct, 
the Human Rights Policy and the Human Rights Due Diligence Framework. 
Information about remedy are included in section S1-3 (Processes to remediate 
negative impacts and channels available to raise concerns). 
[S1-1 21] The Human Rights Policy is aligned with internationally recognized 
standards, including the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. 
[S1-1 23] For the workplace accident prevention policy and management system in 
place, see our Health, Safety, Environment (HSE) & Security Policy and HSE&S 
management system descriptions in the dedicated Policies section at the end of 
the chapter “Sustainability at ABB”. 
[S1-1 24 (a), 24 (b),24 (c), 24 (d)] The ABB Code of Conduct frames our approach on 
discrimination, including preventing harassment, promoting equal opportunities 
and other ways to advance diversity and inclusion. Discrimination based on 
personal characteristics or attributes is unacceptable. Examples include, but are 
not limited to, behavior that harasses or intimidates people with a disability 
and/or on the basis of any other characteristic protected by law. We implement 
our anti-discrimination approach and the D&I Policy through dedicated 
procedures, training and anonymous reporting channels, as well as global 
campaigns and employee resource groups to proactively advance diversity and 
inclusion. 
 
Involving 
employees 
[S1-2] EMPLOYEE INVOLVEMENT IN DECISION-MAKING PROCESSES 
[S1-2 27, 27 (a)] As outlined in our approach to stakeholder engagement (see 
chapter “Sustainability at ABB”, section “Stakeholder engagement”), ABB maintains 
regular, structured and transparent dialogue with all key stakeholder groups, 
including employees. Within this framework, we consider employee involvement 
essential to building a culture of trust, inclusion and accountability. 
ABB regularly engages with employees and their representatives to ensure 
workforce perspectives inform business decisions and operational changes. This is 
key to managing workforce impacts and enhancing organizational resilience. 
Engagement occurs through direct mechanisms such as the annual Employee 
Engagement Survey and through formal consultation structures. 
[S1-2 27 (c)] Responsibility for ensuring meaningful engagement with employee 
representatives lies with our Labor Relations function, in collaboration with HR and 
business leaders. 
[S1-2 27 (d)] ABB maintains structured and ongoing engagement on transnational 
topics with employee representatives through the Employee Council Europe (ECE). 
This body serves as our main platform for social dialogue across multiple countries 
in Europe, particularly in the context of planned transnational changes. 
Engagement typically occurs early in the decision-making process and includes 
confidential consultations, written exchanges and joint meetings, ensuring that 
workforce perspectives are considered before initiating labor processes on a 
national level. 

[page 101]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   99 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
Our voluntary agreement with the ECE enables consistent and transparent 
discussions on matters such as restructurings, M&A activities, organizational 
changes and respect for labor rights. Responsibility for these engagements lies 
with the Corporate Labor Relations team, supported by global HR and global 
business leaders as needed. The effectiveness of our dialogue is assessed through 
open dialogues and bi-directional feedback, quality of consultation outcomes and 
monitoring of agreed follow-up actions – helping us continuously strengthen trust, 
inclusion and compliance across the organization. 
ABB EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT SURVEY 
[S1-2 27 (b)] The ABB Employee Engagement Survey is conducted globally on an 
annual basis. We cooperate with local works councils and union representatives to 
ensure that the survey meets local consultation requirements. It is available in 
approximately 40 languages and participation is entirely voluntary and 
confidential. 
The survey invites active employees, excluding externals, students, interns, casuals 
and employees on extended leave. Exclusions align with local labor laws or HR 
leadership approvals. E-mobility employees are excluded due to separate 
governance and a tailored listening strategy under development. 
Listening to feedback from our employees mitigates the risk of failing to address 
critical topics at the team and business levels. We share the global survey results 
with employees, summarizing our overall participation rate and engagement score, 
as well as the most notable strengths and areas for improvement. Our business 
areas, divisions, country organizations and functional teams are encouraged to 
discuss the feedback and take action. Failure to deal with critical topics could lead 
to less engaged and motivated employees, as well as avoidable attrition. Over the 
past seven years, the participation rate for the survey has steadily improved, from 
a response rate of 65 percent in 2019 to 85 percent in 2025. Compared to 2024, it 
remained stable. 
[S1-2 27 (e)] To evaluate our overall progress, we track our performance against the 
top 25 percent of global organizations using the same engagement platform. This 
aligns with our Sustainability Agenda target “Achieve a top-tier employee 
engagement score”. This engagement score has improved from 71 in 2019 to 80 in 
2025. Compared to 2024, it increased by two points. The engagement score is the 
key survey metric that we track from year to year. In essence, it reflects the 
answers given by our employees to two core items: “How happy are you working at 
ABB?” and “I would recommend ABB as a great place to work”. 
In 2025, all topics except one improved compared to the previous year. No scores 
declined. One score remained the same and another was newly added with no 
trend. “Safety”, “integrity” and “role clarity” remained the top-rated areas. Despite 
improvements since 2019 in removing barriers to execution, opportunities for 
further improvement remain. 
DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION: INVOLVING VULNERABLE GROUPS 
[S1-2 28] D&I at ABB involves developing and supporting workforce diversity across 
all dimensions. We seek to cultivate an inclusive environment that welcomes and 
respects every individual. 
We have guidelines to promote D&I across ABB, such as our policies, people 
strategy and values. The Code of Conduct additionally sets forth how we expect 
employees to act in matters of inclusion, respect and fairness. 
Among our commitments to inclusion, we have re-committed to the UN Women’s 
Empowerment Principles and the European Roundtable and supported the 
“Standards of Conduct for Business” as set forth by the United Nations. 
 

[page 102]
100  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
— 
Channels available 
to raise concerns 
[S1-3] PROCESSES TO REMEDIATE NEGATIVE IMPACTS AND CHANNELS AVAILABLE 
TO RAISE CONCERNS 
[S1-3 32 (a), 32 (b), 32 (c), 32 (d), 32 (e) | S1-3 33 | S1-3 34] Information on reporting 
channels available to our own workforce is included in the chapter “Good business 
conduct”, section G1-1, “Whistleblowing and reporting channels”. 
 
— 
Own workforce-
related targets 
[S1-5] TARGETS 
[S1-5 47 (a), 47 (b)] The process for setting targets and ambitions for our employees 
(own workforce) and our tracking of performance is included in the chapter 
“Sustainability at ABB”, section “Stakeholder engagement” (SBM-2). [S1-5 47 (c)] 
Identifying areas for improvement is part of this process. It occurs on an ongoing 
basis and is reported annually. 
[S1-5 46] The following table summarizes ABB’s key targets and the indicators 
applied to measure and track progress over time. 
 
 Target Unit Base 
year 
Baseline 
value 2025 status 2024 status 
[S1] 
Responsibility 
for our 
employees 
      
 Zero life-changing events to our people and 
contractors  - 2025 — 5 14 
 Increase proportion of women in senior 
management1 roles to 25% by 20302 % 2019 11.7% 22.6% 21.3% 
 Achieve a top-tier3 employee engagement score - 2019 71/100 80/100 78/100 
1 At ABB, senior managers are defined as employees in Hay grades 1-7, including division presidents.  
2 The target relates to countries where policies legally permit and to the extent that it does not conflict with any applicable local laws, where ABB 
operates. 13 percent of the total senior management is not included in the disclosure. 
3 We define “top-tier” as performance within the Viva Glint Global top 25 percent benchmark and assume consistent participation across business 
areas, regions and roles.  
       
 
 
ZERO LIFE-CHANGING EVENTS IMPACTING OUR EMPLOYEES AND CONTRACTORS 
[S1 MDR-T 80 (a)] The targets relating to our own workforce are linked to the 
objectives of different policies. A low number of serious incidents and fatalities 
can indicate an effective HSE&S management system. A positive downward trend 
implies that the principles and rules outlined in the HSE&S Policy and 
corresponding procedures are applied effectively and that critical risks are 
identified and mitigated successfully. [S1 MDR-T 80 (c), 80 (f)] Furthermore, the 
policy applies Group wide, and its definition of employee safety is in line with the 
UN Global Compact. [S1 MDR-T 80 (i)] In 2025, we evolved our safety target from 
“Zero harm” to “Zero life-changing events,” focusing on preventing serious 
incidents and fatalities. This shift aligns with global best practices and 
strengthens our commitment to proactive learning, resilience and protecting what 
matters most – our people. [S1 MDR-T 80 (j)] The monitoring and review process 
depends on the target. Our HSE target is monitored and reviewed monthly. 

[page 103]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   101  
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
INCREASE PROPORTION OF WOMEN IN SENIOR MANAGEMENT ROLES 
[S1 MDR-T 80 (a)] Our target to increase the proportion of women in senior 
management roles supports the principles outlined in our Code of Conduct and 
our D&I Policy. [S1 MDR-T 80 (c)] The target relates to countries where legally 
permitted and to the extent that it does not conflict with any applicable local laws 
where ABB operates. [S1 MDR-T 80 (f)] It is guided by ongoing global 
benchmarking and internal tracking of female representation and is aligned with 
international standards such as the UN Women’s Empowerment Principles. [S1 
MDR-T 80 (i)] There were no changes in the target in the reporting year. [S1 MDR-T 
80 (j)] We review progress quarterly, and ABB continues to perform in line with 
expectations. If the current positive trend continues, we are on track to reach 25 
percent women in senior management by 2030, supported by continued focus on 
inclusive recruitment, leadership development for women and strong 
accountability mechanisms within our D&I Strategy 2030. 
ACHIEVE A TOP-TIER EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT SCORE 
[S1 MDR-T 80 (a)] Our top-tier employee engagement score target supports the 
objectives of our Code of Conduct and our Engagement Survey Procedure. [S1 
MDR-T 80 (c), 80 (f)] This is a global target, benchmarked annually through a 
globally standardized engagement survey administered by our third-party 
provider, Glint. [S1 MDR-T 80 (i)] No changes were made to the target in the 
reporting year. ABB’s employee engagement target is defined as a rolling target, 
with the ambition to be in the top tier every year through 2030. As the Glint top-
tier threshold changes annually, meeting the target in one year does not guarantee 
that it will be achieved in subsequent years. 
[S1 MDR-T 80 (j)] ABB’s management reviews the employee engagement target in 
an annual process. In 2025, ABB reached its employee engagement target, 
achieving a score of 80 and placing the company within the “top tier” 25 percent of 
global organizations using the same engagement platform. This upward trajectory 
suggests that our workforce is increasingly aligned, engaged and empowered to 
contribute to the company’s purpose and transformation journey. 
 
— 
Employee-related 
actions 
[S1-4] TAKING ACTION FOR OUR OWN WORKFORCE 
[S1-4 39] ABB identifies relevant actions in response to actual or potential impacts on 
our workforce following best practices. 
DIVERSITY & INCLUSION ACTIONS 
[S1-4 37 | S1-4 38 (a), 38 (b), 38 (c), 38 (d) | S1-4 40 (a), 40 (b)] ABB has implemented a 
Diversity & Inclusion Strategy 2030, structured across three pillars: Governance, 
Inclusive Leadership and Culture, and Partnership. These address material matters 
including gender equality, LGBTQ+ inclusion, intergenerational workforce 
management, disability inclusion, and employee wellbeing. 
To support the implementation of this strategy, we took actions that, for example, 
operationalize measures for globally applicable, gender-neutral parental leave, 
ensuring equitable treatment. We also supported Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) 
that provide structured forums for dialogue, networking, and participation in 
inclusion initiatives. We continued our formal partnerships with UN Women 
Empowerment Principles, UN Standards of Conduct for LGBTQ+ inclusion, Society 
of Women Engineers, Special Olympics, and Workplace Pride. In 2025, we also 
launched new inclusion training. 
To track the effectiveness of these actions, we monitor them in comparison with 
inclusion and belonging indices in the annual Employee Engagement Survey, the 
growth of ERGs, the diversity representation in talent and leadership pipelines, and 
the global participation rates in inclusion activities. 

[page 104]
102  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
ABB has established a target of 25 percent female representation in senior 
management by 2030. As of December 31, 2025, female senior managers 
constituted 22.6 percent, an increase from 21.3 percent in 2024. 
WELLBEING ACTIONS  
[S1-4 37 | S1-4 38 (a), 38 (b), 38 (c), 38 (d) | S1-4 40 (a), 40 (b)] ABB delivers global and 
local initiatives to support employee wellbeing, addressing both urgent risks and 
long-term work-life balance. 
Our well-established global Employee Assistance Program (EAP) offers a wide range 
of programs for employees, including a Rapid Response Critical Incident service 
that addresses urgent negative impacts and risks related to employee wellbeing. 
The service supports our employees affected by incidents such as natural disasters, 
accidents at work or the death of a colleague. It helps us track utilization rates on an 
anonymized basis to rapidly identify areas where early intervention measures would 
help. 
The Global Parental Leave Program supports our commitment to equal treatment 
and work-life balance. This action sets a global minimum standard of 12 weeks of 
paid leave for the primary caregiver and four weeks for the secondary caregiver, 
applicable to all employees regardless of gender or location (except the US and 
Sweden where the periods differ). The program supports inclusive caregiving 
responsibilities and contributes to gender equality in career development across 
the organization. The tracking mechanism to measure the success of this program 
is under development. 
We also run global wellbeing campaigns like the World Mental Health Day. These 
global programs are complemented by other actions conducted on a local basis. For 
example, in the US, we provide Health Advocacy and Family Building support, 
including mental health resources, while in China, employees benefit from health 
check-ups and doctor consultations. 
In 2025, we continued to provide our global wellbeing application for line managers. 
The tool supports managers in strengthening individual and team resilience while 
promoting a mentally healthy and inclusive work environment. 
PEOPLE DEVELOPMENT AND ENGAGEMENT ACTIONS 
[S1-4 37 | S1-4 38 (a), 38 (b), 38 (c), 38 (d) | S1-4 40 (a), 40 (b)] ABB fosters a culture 
where employees can reflect on growth objectives and access the support they 
need to succeed, strengthening employability and readiness for future challenges. 
We have created leadership courses that address specific challenges in our 
organization. Additional leadership learning resources are available to our 
employees through the Harvard ManageMentor and Harvard ManageMentor Spark 
platforms. Coaching and mentoring are embedded in development programs for 
key talent groups. Training opportunities are also provided by our businesses to 
their respective employee populations. 
In 2025, our Learn Connect and Grow Day engaged over 45,000 participants across 
over 300 locations in more than 50 countries, highlighting the company’s 
commitment to inclusive learning. 
The people performance management process is intended to ensure that all 
employees have clear performance expectations and regular opportunities to 
reflect on results, behaviors and development. The process includes mandatory 
annual reviews for every employee, mandatory annual goal setting, and regular 
updates to goals as business needs evolve. In addition, global campaigns encourage 
managers and employees to hold check-ins, performance reviews, exchange 
feedback and update objectives throughout the year. 

[page 105]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   103  
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
The implementation of this action is monitored through employee-related 
indicators such as completion of annual reviews, goal setting and feedback 
practices documented in Workday. 
REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS ON PAY EQUITY AND TRANSPARENCY 
[S1-4 37 | S1-4 38 (a), 38 (b), 38 (c), 38 (d) | S1-4 40 (a), S1-4 40 (b)] In 2025, ABB 
initiated a global baseline assessment of wage structures and employment 
practices across all regions. Changes to existing regulations and/or issuance of 
new regulations are periodically monitored. This action supports our ongoing 
efforts to ensure fair, transparent and competitive compensation for all employees. 
The initiative helps identify gaps, promote internal equity and prepare for 
increasing regulatory requirements, such as those under the EU Pay Transparency 
Directive. Findings from the baseline will guide further improvement actions and 
support alignment with our sustainability and inclusion objectives. 
HEALTH AND SAFETY-RELATED ACTIONS 
[S1-4 37 | S1-4 38 (a), 38 (b), 38 (c), 38 (d) | S1-4 40 (a), 40 (b)] The divisions of our 
business areas undergo self-assessment cycles of one, three or five years under the 
HSE&S management system and submit their results to HSE audit. Independent 
HSE auditors are responsible for identifying areas for improvement. We also track 
the effectiveness of our health- and safety-related actions. Our management 
information system allows us to gather data on hazards and incidents and assign 
actions to managers. 
Each division is encouraged to develop safety programs that are appropriate for 
their operations. We coordinate preparations and responses to emergency 
situations, conduct internal safety inspections and obtain third-party verifications 
for our health, safety and wellbeing reporting. We have well-defined procedures to 
investigate work-related injuries and incidents and act promptly to mitigate 
negative impacts. We continuously strive to further reduce health and safety 
hazards. 
 
PREVENTING NEGATIVE IMPACTS 
[S1-4 41] ABB has a number of policies and management systems in place that aim 
to prevent negative impacts from occurring. These include the Code of Conduct; the 
HSE&S management; the Information & Cyber Security management; etc. 
Employees are trained in these policies in order to raise awareness of these topics 
and their potential negative impacts. 
[S1-4 43] In our current understanding, none of the actions above are financially 
significant. 
 

[page 106]
104  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
ACTIONS OVERVIEW (S1) 
[S1 MDR-A 68 (a), 68 (b), 68 (c)] 
We are already executing all activities mentioned below. 
List of key actions IROs covered Scope Time horizon 
Diversity Celebration Days S1-PI-01, S1-R-03 Worldwide Ongoing 
Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) 
S1-PI-01, S1-NI-01, S1-R-
03 Worldwide Ongoing 
Parental Leave Program 
S1-PI-01, S1-PI-02, S1-NI-
01, S1-R-05 Worldwide Ongoing 
Performance Review Process S1-PI-01 Worldwide Ongoing 
Employee Assistance Program (EAP) 
S1-PI-02, S1-R-05, S1-R-
03 Worldwide Ongoing 
Local Health-Related Initiatives S1-PI-02 Region-specific Ongoing 
Training Programs for Employees S1-PI-01, S1-R-05 Worldwide Ongoing 
Engagement Survey and Follow-Up Action Planning S1-O-01 Worldwide Ongoing 
Global Baseline of Pay Transparency S1-PI-02, S1-R-04 Worldwide 2025 
HSE Continuous Improvement Program S1-NI-02, S1-R-01 Worldwide Ongoing 
 

[page 107]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   105  
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
— 
Facts & figures 
Own employees 
 
All figures disclosed in this section are as of December 31, 2025, unless otherwise 
stated. 
[S1-6] CHARACTERISTICS OF ABB’S EMPLOYEES 
[ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 (a) iii | S1-6 50 (e), 50 (f)] The tables below present the breakdown 
of employees by gender and region as well as type of employment contract per 
headcount. 
Headcount by region 
[S1-6 50 (a) | S1 MDR-M 77 (c)] 
Region   2025  2024 
Europe    53,407  53,597 
The Americas    28,055  27,210 
Asia, Middle East and Africa    32,830  31,962 
Total   114,292  112,769 
      
Average   113,438  112,280 
Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add to the totals provided. 
 
 
Characteristics of ABB employees 
[S1-6 50 (a), 50 (b) | S1 MDR-M 77 (c)] 
 
Permanent 
employees 
2025 
Temporary 
employees 
2025 
Non-guaranteed 
hours employees 
2025 2025 2024 
Male 77,126 3,878 364 81,368 81,407 
Female 30,122 1,521 163 31,806 31,361 
Other 21 12 - 33 - 
Not reported 1,019 66 - 1,085 1 
Total 
employees 108,288 5,477 527 114,292 112,769 
Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add to the totals provided. 
 
 
Temporary contracts are most commonly used for project-based roles and/or 
seasonal demand, depending on local practice. 
[S1-6 50 (c) | S1 MDR-M 77 (c)] 
Turnover rate 2025 2024 
Total number of employees who left during the reporting period 16,483 15,538 
Rate of employee turnover during the reporting period 15% 14% 
 
 
 
Countries where ABB has at least 50 employees representing at least 10 percent 
of the total number of employees 
[S1-6 50 (a) | S1 MDR-M 77 (c)] 
Country 
Number of 
employees at 
December 31, 
2025  
(headcount) 
Number of 
employees at 
December 31, 
2024  
(headcount) 
Average 
number  
of employees 
2025 
Average 
number  
of employees 
2024 
United States 14,907 14,127 14,550 13,837 
China 12,737 12,523 12,887 12,549 
India 11,422 10,844 11,104 10,478 
 

[page 108]
106  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
 
[S1-8] COLLECTIVE BARGAINING COVERAGE AND SOCIAL DIALOGUE 
[S1-8 60 (a)] 52 percent of our employees worldwide are covered by collective 
bargaining agreements (CBAs), either by collective labor agreements at the 
industry level (generally with unions) or at the company or location level (generally 
with employee representative bodies such as works councils or unions). 
[S1-8 60 (b) | S1-8 63 (b)] Through the European Works Council (EWC) agreement, 
employees are represented in discussions on transnational matters concerning the 
European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom and Switzerland. 
For employees not covered by CBAs, there are different scenarios regarding the 
determination of working conditions. In many countries where not all employees 
are represented by the CBA, among other factors, the conditions in the CBA that 
go beyond local labor market practices, are considered in determining working 
conditions and terms. Regardless of the application of a CBA, we generally aim to 
offer working conditions that meet or exceed the typical standards in the 
respective local employment markets. 
[S1-8 60 (c) | S1-6 AR 70 | S1 MDR-M 77 (c)] 
 
The metrics are calculated as of September 30, 2025 and are based on headcount. 
[S1-8 63 (a)] ABB does not have any individual EEA country where the number of 
employees exceeds 50 and represents at least 10 percent of our total global 
workforce. Therefore, country-level disclosure of social dialogue and collective 
bargaining coverage within the EEA is not applicable. 
 
[S1-9] DIVERSITY METRICS 
Gender diversity 
[S1-9 66 (a) | S1 MDR-M 77 (c)] 
 Number 
At December 31, 
Percentage 
At December 31, 
Gender (top management)1 2025 2024 2025 2024 
Male  343 410 77.4% 78.7% 
Female 100 111 22.6% 21.3% 
Other — — — — 
No Response — — — — 
1 The disclosure relates to countries where policies legally permit and to the extent that it does not 
conflict with any applicable local laws, where ABB operates. 13% of total senior management is not 
included in the disclosure. 
 
 
 
Coverage 
rate  
Coverage – Non-EEA employees 
2025  
(estimate for regions with > 50 
employees, representing >10% of 
total employees) 
0-19%   
20-39%  AMEA, Americas 
40-59%   
60-79%   
80-100%   
 

[page 109]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   107  
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
Age distribution across our workforce 
[S1-9 66 (b) | S1 MDR-M 77 (c)] ABB recognizes the importance of engaging 
employees of all generations and values the unique perspectives and expertise 
that employees of all ages bring to the organization. 
   Percentage  
Age (all employees)   2025 2024 
Under 30    18% 20% 
30-50   55% 55% 
> 50   27% 25% 
 
 
 
[S1-10] ADEQUATE WAGES 
[S1-10 70 | S1 MDR-M 77 (c)] 99.95 percent of our employees globally are paid an 
adequate wage, in line with ESRS applicable benchmarks. Employees who are paid 
below the ESRS applicable adequate wage were identified in the following 
territories: 
Territory Percentage of employees in 
territory paid below applicable 
adequate wage benchmark 
Number of employees in 
territory paid below the 
applicable adequate wage 
benchmark 
Germany 0.05% 4 
United Kingdom 0.14% 2 
United States 0.36% 51 
 
 
ABB plans to review and address pay gaps for all above stated employees over the 
course of 2026. For above stated employees whose minimum wage is established 
through a collective bargaining agreement (CBA), we already maintain their pay 
above the minimum wage established by statutory legislation. 
 
[S1-14] HEALTH AND SAFETY METRICS 
[S1-14 88 (a), 88 (b), 88 (c), 88 (d), 88 (e) | S1 MDR-M 77 (c)] 
 
 Employees  Non-employees  Other workers 
 2025 2024  2025 2024  2025 2024 
The percentage of people covered 
by ABB’s health and safety 
management 100% 100%  100% 100%    
Number of fatalities as a result of  
work-related injuries — 2  — —  — — 
Number of work-related accidents1 274 321  20 19    
Rate of work-related accidents1 1.22 1.46  1.36 1.54    
Number of cases of recordable  
work-related ill health  7 8  1 —    
Number of days lost to work-
related injuries, accidents, ill 
health1 3,740 4,121  224 223    
1 2024 values have been restated to reflect improved data quality. 
 

[page 110]
108  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
 
Zero life-changing events to our people and contractors 
  2025 2024 
 Number of fatalities as a result of work-related injuries — 2 
 Number of serious/high-consequence work-related incidents 5 12 
 Total life-changing events to our people and contractors  5 14 
 
 
[S1-16] REMUNERATION METRICS 
Gender pay gap 
[S1-16 97 (a)] In 2025, ABB's global gender pay gap was 16.30 percent. 
Annual total remuneration ratio 
[S1-16 97 (b)] For 2025, ABB’s annual total remuneration ratio, as defined in S1-16, 
was 64.5. 
 
[S1-17] INCIDENTS, COMPLAINTS AND SEVERE HUMAN RIGHTS IMPACTS 
[S1-17 103 (a), 103 (b), 103 (c) | S1-17 104 (a), 104 (b) | S1 MDR-M 77 (c)]  
Number of reported incidents of discrimination and harassment  
 
Reported 
incidents / 
Amount of fines, 
penalties and 
compensation  
2025 
Reported 
incidents / 
Amount of fines, 
penalties and 
compensation  
2024 
Discrimination and harassment incidents¹ 234 515 
Other workplace incidents¹ 944  
Complaints filed to National Contact Points 
for OECD Multinational Enterprises —  
Fines, penalties and compensation for 
damages resulting from incidents / 
complaints  
—  
Confirmed severe human rights incidents² —  
Fines, penalties and compensation for 
damages resulting from confirmed severe 
human rights incidents  
—  
Comparatives not shown unless already reported in the 2024 Sustainability report. 
Numbers reported without regard to level of substantiation. In FY24 incidents related to bullying were 
reported under discrimination and harassment incidents. For FY25, to facilitate more accurate reporting, 
incidents related to bullying are reported under other workplace incidents. 
For FY25 ESRS reporting, S1-17 104a is defined as substantiated incidents of child labor or modern slavery 
(including human trafficking and forced labor) identified via relevant categories in ABB’s case management 
system and internal guidance. 
 
 
 

[page 111]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   109  
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 METHODOLOGY 
[S1 MDR-M 77 (a)] 
A. EMPLOYEE-RELATED DATA 
Headcount 
[S1-6 50 (d) i] ABB reports employees by headcount, counting each individual with 
an employment contract and being on the payroll of an ABB company, regardless of 
work percentage (e.g., 0.5 FTE counts as one). This approach highlights the human 
impact in sustainability KPIs but differs from financial reporting, which uses FTE 
calculations. As a result, employee numbers may vary between the Sustainability 
Statement and the Financial Report. [S1-6 50 (d) ii] We report our employee 
headcount per region as headcount at year-end as well as an average across the 
reporting period. 
Gender 
[S1-9 AR 71] The gender distribution in percentage of employees at top 
management level is calculated by dividing the number of female active employees 
at top management level based on headcount, excluding externals, by the number 
of active employees (headcount, male and female) at top management level. 
Top management 
ABB’s internal definition of top management includes all employees classified 
within Hay grades 1 to 7, including division presidents. Division presidents have 
grades A, B, C. Gender is considered as a person’s legal sex rather than gender 
identity. 
Turnover 
Turnover rate is calculated as the number of employees (full-time and part-time) 
who left ABB during the reporting period, divided by the average headcount over 
the preceding 12 months. 
Adequate wages 
The adequate wage benchmark applied per territory is primarily determined by the 
minimum wage established through a CBA or statutory legislation. ABB is 
committed to ensuring that all employees receive wages that meet or exceed the 
local regulatory required threshold in the territories where we operate. In territories 
where no local regulatory minimum wage is defined, the applied adequate wage 
benchmark represents a living wage, provided by WageIndicator Foundation, in line 
with the Sustainable Trade Initiative (STI). 
For the purpose of the adequate wage analysis, the employee population excludes 
interns, apprentices, employees on long-term leave who receive social benefits by a 
third party due to their leave status (e.g., by the state for a maternity leave), and 
employees for whom reliable information (e.g., data related to wage or work 
degree) is not available. “Wage” is defined as the sum of the basic wage and any 
fixed additional payments that are contractually guaranteed to all employees within 
the respective territory. 
Gender pay gap 
[S1-16 97 (a)] ABB's gender pay gap is calculated as the difference between the 
average gross hourly pay of male and female employees, expressed as a percentage 
of the average gross hourly pay of male employees. This uses the Total Base Pay 
and Annual Incentive Plan awards of all active employees (excluding interns and 
apprentices). 
[S1-16 97 (c)] While the disclosure provides a high-level indicator of pay differences 
between genders at ABB, it should be noted that the gender pay gap calculated 
using this approach is determined on an unadjusted basis as per ESRS S1-16, which 
does not account for pay differences due to gender-neutral factors including but 

[page 112]
110  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
not limited to position, seniority, experience, performance, education, geography, 
etc. 
ABB is transitioning from a country-specific Human Resources Information System 
(HRIS) into a new globally centralized one (Workday). Currently, our global gender 
pay gap is calculated based on only the reliably available Total Base Pay (or Primary 
Compensation in countries where it is used in place of Total Base Pay) and Annual 
Incentive Plan (AIP) award data in Workday. Total Base Pay comprises basic salary, 
as well as other fixed pay elements that may vary from country to country, such as 
period salary (e.g., 13th month, vacation premium, etc.) and allowances. The AIP is a 
form of bonus program at ABB and is payable in cash after each performance 
period that is aligned to the financial year. In future reporting cycles, we aim to 
expand our current scope of disclosure by incorporating additional relevant 
elements of pay, such as other variable compensation, benefits-in-cash and 
benefits-in-kind into the gender pay gap calculation when these elements also 
become available from a globally consolidated and auditable source. 
Annual total remuneration ratio 
[S1-16 97 (c)] This ratio shows the factor by which the annual total remuneration of 
the median paid employee, adjusted for purchasing power parity, would have to be 
multiplied to match the annual total remuneration of the highest-paid employee. 
The highest-paid individual in ABB is the CEO. The median paid employee was 
identified excluding the highest-paid individual. Employees considered to 
determine the median paid employee of our global workforce are defined as 
employees having a direct employment relationship with ABB via an employment 
contract or otherwise according to local law and practice. 
Our analysis comprises full-time and part-time employees if they were actively 
employed at December 31, 2025. We included trainees, international assignees and 
temporary employees. Interns and apprentices were excluded, for consistency with 
the gender pay gap calculation, as their pay structures are substantially different 
from other employees, and in many jurisdictions ABB is not fully controlling their 
pay. 
We extrapolated the values of remuneration elements of part-time employees and 
new employees who started during the year to consider full-time and full-year 
equivalent values in our calculation, where needed. 
We identified the median paid employee, considering the Total Base Pay recorded 
in our global Human Resources information system only and subsequently added 
values of any other remuneration element of the identified employee. As a result, 
total remuneration includes Total Base Pay, paid short-term incentive, granted 
long-term incentive, paid pension benefits and other paid benefits. "Paid" in that 
context means paid by ABB to the median paid employee and the CEO in the year of 
reporting. 
B. HEALTH AND SAFETY-RELATED DATA 
Coverage 
All employees have automatic access to the health and safety (HSE&S) management 
system, which covers 100 percent of employees and non-employees. The HSE&S 
management system complies entirely with ISO 14001, ISO 45001 and partially with 
ISO 50001 and ISO 9001 standards. 
Fatalities 
Fatalities occurring directly as a result of a work-related incident (including injury 
and illness), including those that occur some time after the incident as a direct 
result of the injuries sustained or occupational diseases, are reported in our 
Management Information System. Excluded are fatalities arising from natural 
causes, unless there is evidence of a failure in the application of health and safety 
procedures. 

[page 113]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   111  
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
Accidents 
All accidents are reported in our Management Information System, verified and 
categorized by an HSE professional. The number includes fatal, lost time injury, 
medical treatment, restricted work-day cases and serious injury, and is aggregated 
as a single figure. 
The rate of recordable work-related accidents for employees and non-employees 
alike is calculated as follows: (Employee) * 1,000,000 / number of hours worked. 
The number of hours worked equals the number of full-time employees (FTEs) * 
2,000 (estimated hours worked per FTE per annum). 
Ill health 
All cases of ill health are reported in our Management Information System, verified 
and categorized by an HSE professional. The number includes occupational 
diseases and work-related illnesses, and is aggregated as a single figure. 
Days lost 
Number of days lost to work-related injuries, work-related ill health and fatalities 
are recorded in our Management Information System and verified by an HSE 
professional. The number includes days that an injured person (employee or 
contractor) is away from work due to work-related injuries or fatalities, work-
related ill health and fatalities from ill health, and is aggregated as a single figure. 
For fatalities, the default number of days lost is 183. 
Life-changing events 
Life-changing events include fatalities and serious/high-consequence work-related 
incidents that result in any of the following: 
• Hospitalization: for treatment of more than 24 hours (hospitalization for 
observation or diagnostic testing is not calculated as hospitalization 
hours). 
• Amputation: of a limb or a part of a limb, regardless of whether they occur 
at the workplace or later as a result of the incident. 
• Loss of a sense: permanent or long-term loss of sensory functions, such as 
sight or hearing, on one or both sides. 
• Major fractures: that are complex and involve multiple bones. Comminute 
fractures (fracture into more than two separate pieces) or compound 
fractures (open fracture breaking the skin) or necessitate extensive 
surgical intervention to repair. 
• Serious burns: that cover a significant portion of the body or that are 
categorized as severe based on medical assessment. 
• Loss of consciousness: requiring resuscitation. 
• Life-threatening condition: Injuries that pose an immediate threat to the 
life of the injured person or that require immediate medical intervention to 
prevent loss of life. 
• Permanent Disabilities: Injuries that result in permanent or long-term 
disabilities, impairments, or limitations in an individual's physical or 
cognitive abilities, significantly affecting their quality of life and/or ability 
to perform essential job functions. 
 
 D. INCIDENT REPORTING 
The number of own workforce incidents has been calculated by compiling cases and 
matters categorized by relevant categories in our case management system and 
our dispute management system, as well as relevant data privacy incidents tracked 
outside of these systems. [S1-17 104 (a)] For severe human rights incidents, we also 
considered relevant Group-level media monitoring. 

[page 114]
112  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
SOCIAL PROTECTION  
IN THE VALUE CHAIN 
 
 The employees of our suppliers and service providers contribute their share to 
ABB’s sustainability value proposition. In return they benefit from protection 
against risks associated with their work for us through provisions in the ABB 
Supplier Code of Conduct (SCoC). This requires suppliers to adhere to human rights 
and provide a safe and healthy place to work. Compliance with the SCoC is regularly 
reviewed. 
The ESRS wording “Workers in the value chain” as an element of sustainability 
reporting refers to the employees of our value chain partners and how we involve 
them in our sustainability management. The objective of involvement is that our 
value chain partners contribute to ABB’s sustainability targets and to protect their 
employees, as best as possible, from potentially negative impacts of the work they 
do as part of the ABB value chain. 
— 
Involvement of 
value chain workers 
[S2 SBM-3] MATERIAL IROs AND THEIR INTERACTION WITH STRATEGY AND 
BUSINESS MODEL 
[S2 SBM-3 11] All value chain workers who are likely to be materially impacted by ABB 
are included in the scope of disclosures. 
 
[S2 SBM-3 11 (a), (a) i, 11 (a) ii, 11 (a) iii, 11 (a) iv, 11 (a) v] ABB has a vast supplier 
network across all its divisions, consisting of suppliers and sub-tier suppliers 
operating in a diverse global context. The type of workers in our entire upstream 
and downstream value chain is diverse as well. It can include workers in raw 
materials and minerals extraction and processing, employees in factories, 
contractors at ABB (project) sites and workers in logistics and distribution. These 
different groups of workers may include workers from vulnerable groups, such as 
migrant workers, young people and/or women. 
[S2 SBM-3 11 (b), 11 (c)] ABB acknowledges that, through its internal risk 
assessment processes, certain geographies within its value chain have been 
identified as presenting potential risks related to child labor, forced labor, or 
compulsory labor. Within these geographies, it is primarily mineral and metal 
extraction, which is linked to these human rights violations. These assessments 
are based on structured risk indicators and external data sources, and are not 
necessarily indicative of confirmed violations, but rather of areas where due 
diligence and supplier engagement are warranted. While these risks are not 
considered prevalent across ABB’s operations or its first-tier suppliers, systemic 
challenges related to labor rights may exist in some countries and regions within 
the broader, sub-tier value chain, particularly where national legislation provides 
limited or no protection for workers. ABB evaluates country-level risk using an 
external information provider and prioritizes its due diligence efforts in 
geographies classified as high or extremely high risk for human rights violations. 
[S2 SBM-3 11 (c)] To date, ABB has not observed direct correlations between its 
operations and adverse impacts on value chain workers arising from the transition 
to greener and climate-neutral operations. Nonetheless, we remain attentive to 
emerging risks associated with the increased demand for critical raw materials. 
Systemic issues of work-related rights may potentially exist in some of the 
countries and regions that are part of the entire (sub-tier) value chain due to 
national laws having no or low requirements for labor protection standards. 

[page 115]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   113  
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
[S2 SBM-3 11 (e)] ABB is committed to support and respect human rights and labor 
standards, and to comply with internationally recognized standards, laws and 
regulations, including the elimination of modern slavery and child labor, as well as 
the right to work under fair and safe conditions. It encompasses, amongst others, 
access to fair wages, the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining, 
and respecting the rights of individuals when providing security for people and 
assets. We also recognize our responsibility to promote an organizational culture 
that supports human rights and to respect and promote human and labor rights 
along our value chain. This includes assessing and monitoring any human rights 
risks that customers, suppliers, business partners and other parties directly linked 
to ABB operations, products and services might present. 
[S2 SBM-3 11 (d)] Of the seven impacts, risks and opportunities (IROs) identified in 
our DMA, one was regarded as an actual positive impact. All of our IROs are 
described in more detail in the table in the chapter “Sustainability at ABB”, section 
IRO-1. 
 
 
— 
Supplier-related 
policies 
[S2-1] POLICIES 
[S2-1 17] The policies applicable to workers in the value chain, namely our Code of 
Conduct, Supplier Code of Conduct, Policy on Conflict Minerals, Sustainability 
Policy, Human Rights Policy and Due Diligence Framework, Manage Vendor 
Onboarding Procedure and our Sustainable Supply Base Management 
Requirements & ACOP are all described in accordance with the MDR-P in the Policies 
section at the end of the chapter “Sustainability at ABB”. 
FURTHER HUMAN RIGHTS COMMITMENTS 
[S2-1 17 (a), 17 (b), 17 (c)] For human rights policy commitments including labor 
rights of value chain workers and the provision of remedy for human rights 
impacts, see the policy descriptions at the end of the chapter “Sustainability at 
ABB”, in particular for the Human Rights Policy and the Human Rights Due 
Diligence Framework. These policies support and respect the International Bill of 
Human Rights, the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs), 
the International Labour Organization’s (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental 
Principles and Rights at Work, and the OECD Guidelines for Multinational 
Enterprises. 
The Human Rights Due Diligence Framework refers to the Sustainable Supply Base 
Management (SSBM) Program as part of the supply chain due diligence ABB 
executes. Engagement with value chain workers, in the format of worker 
interviews, is an integral part of this program. Measures to provide and/or enable 
remedy for human right impacts are detailed in S2-3: Channels available to raise 
concern. 
[S2-1 18] The ABB Supplier Code of Conduct addresses the themes of trafficking in 
human beings, forced labor, compulsory labor and child labor. Additionally, it 
covers decent work practices and health and safety. The ABB Supplier Code of 
Conduct is aligned with the ILO standards. 
[S2-1 19] ABB’s policies with regard to value chain workers are aligned with 
internationally recognized instruments and frameworks; see Policies section 
referred to above and, in particular, the disclosure under MDR-P 65 (d). 
 

[page 116]
114  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
— 
Engaging with 
value chain workers 
[S2-2] ENGAGING ABOUT IMPACTS 
[S2-2 22 (a)] To address human rights risks related to our suppliers, we rely on our 
Sustainable Supply Base Management (SSBM) program and our Responsible 
Minerals program (see section “Workers in the value chain – Related actions”). 
 
We aim for trusting and stable relationships with the entities that provide 
products and services to ABB, including equipment and human resources. 
Depending on the concrete subject and initiative, we engage directly with workers 
in the value chain or with legitimate representatives or through their employers by: 
• monitoring through our SSBM program; 
• on-site evaluations and audits; 
• sourcing activities; 
• providing training and engaging in special projects on sustainability 
performance; and 
• town hall and supplier day events. 
A more detailed stakeholder engagement plan is in development. 
[S2-2 22] The perspective of value chain workers, gathered through the various 
engagement mechanisms, especially via the SSBM program, are systematically 
integrated into the development of action plans and the management of identified 
actual and potential impacts. Division presidents are ultimately responsible for 
this to happen. 
A specific example is the worker interviews, conducted as part of the SSBM 
program. If any discrepancies are identified with the requirements of our SCoC or 
with local legislation, such as working excessive overtime, not providing the right 
personal protective equipment for personnel or other labor rights violations, the 
supplier is required to create a Corrective and Preventive Action Plan to solve the 
non-compliance within agreed timelines. [S2-2 22 (e)] We track the closure rate of 
identified risks to determine the effectiveness of the SSBM program. [S2-2 23] 
Workers selected for the worker interviews can include workers that are more at 
risk, such as women workers, migrant workers or workers with disabilities. 
[S2-2 22 (b)] We work directly with Tier 1 and some Tier 2 suppliers. Via the 
Responsible Minerals Initiative, of which we are an active member, we reach 
suppliers in the upper part of our supply chain, typically Tier 4-6 suppliers. 
Interactions happen with different frequencies, depending on the topic, the type 
of supplier and tier in the supply chain. We will explore options to further increase 
visibility beyond Tier 1. 
[S2-2 22 (c)] The principles guiding our engagement on human rights matters are 
embedded in our Human Rights Policy and Due Diligence Framework. The SSBM 
program is how we conduct this due diligence in our supply chain. Division 
presidents are accountable for executing this program. 
 
 

[page 117]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   115  
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
— 
Channels available 
to raise concerns 
[S2-3] PROCESSES TO REMEDIATE NEGATIVE IMPACTS AND CHANNELS AVAILABLE 
TO RAISE CONCERNS 
[S2-3 27 (a), 27 (b), 27 (d)] Information on ABB’s approach to and processes for 
providing or contributing to remedy where it has identified to have caused or 
contributed to a material negative impact is included in the chapter “Good business 
conduct”, section G1-1, “Whistleblowing and reporting channels”. The paragraphs 
below contain supplementary information relevant to ABB’s expectations in its 
SCoC and SSBM program. 
In case of red flag findings during an SSBM assessment, which are linked to actual 
material negative impacts, the supplier is required to sign a red flag cooperation 
statement, and immediate action needs to be taken, which can include remediation. 
Follow up is done on a regular basis, until the finding is solved satisfactorily. 
Depending on the type of finding, follow up can be done via on-site or desk-top 
audit. If the supplier is not able to demonstrate closure on red flag points during a 
follow-up audit, the supplier will be blocked for any new business with ABB. If a 
supplier is not able or not willing to close the findings, the ultimate consequence is 
termination of the business relationship. This process is described in the SSBM 
Approved Code of Practice. Furthermore, the SCoC requires suppliers to inform ABB 
immediately if they suspect a violation of the SCoC has taken place in their own 
supply chain, and work with their own suppliers to mitigate, prevent further 
violations and remediate negative events. 
[S2-3 27 (c) | S2-3 28] Information on how ABB supports the availability of reporting 
channels and on how we assess their effectiveness is included in section G1-1. With 
regards to dedicated processes for value chain workers, our SCoC states that 
suppliers are expected to cascade information on adhering to the SCoC and the 
use of ABB reporting channels as appropriate within their organization and to their 
suppliers. During SSBM worker interviews, workers are reminded of our reporting 
channels.  
 
— 
Workers in the 
value chain-related 
targets 
[S2-5] TARGETS 
[S2-5 41 | S2 MDR-T 80 (a), 80 (c)] The Human Rights Due Diligence Framework 
refers to the Sustainable Supply Base Management (SSBM) Program as part of the 
supply chain due diligence ABB executes. The SSBM program is a risk-based 
program, and as described in the SSBM Approved Code of Practice, ABB aims to 
have a large part of the suppliers that have been identified as posing a high risk to 
ABB undergo a sustainability assessment. We have set both a mid-term and a long-
term target for the program. Our target is group wide.  
[S2 MDR-T 80 (f)] Suppliers can pose a risk to ABB if they are located in a country 
where the overall ESG risk or the risk for human rights violations is considered high 
or extremely high and if they supply ABB with parts or services where the 
occupational health and safety risks and environmental risks are high or very high. 
Country risks are assessed using an externally developed management tool. 
Supplier risks are assessed using an internal tool that analyzes inherent risks of 
manufacturing processes and the susceptibility of suppliers to these risks. 
 

[page 118]
116  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
 Target Unit  2025 status 2024 status 
[S2] Social protection in the value chain 
 
At least 80% of supply spending in focus countries1 
covered by Sustainable Supply Base Management  
(SSBM) by 2030 
%  
Using a risk-based approach, a mid-term 2025 
target has been set, focusing on high-risk suppliers 
in focus countries 
 At least 80% of spending on high-risk suppliers in 
focus countries1 covered by SSBM by 2025 %  
At the end of 2025,  
80% of high-risk  
supply spending in  
focus countries was  
covered by the  
SSBM program. 
At the end of 2024,  
68% of high-risk  
supply spending in  
focus countries was  
covered by the  
SSBM program. 
1 Current focus countries are Brazil, Bulgaria, China, Egypt, India, Malaysia, Mexico, Peru, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Thailand, Tunisia and Türkiye. 
  
  
 
 
The mid-term target for the SSBM program is to cover 80 percent of high-risk 
spend in focus countries between the years 2021 and 2025. The current set of 
focus countries include Brazil, Bulgaria, China, Egypt, India, Malaysia, Mexico, Peru, 
Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Thailand, Tunisia, and Türkiye. The long-term target is 
to cover 80 percent of all spend in these countries in the period 2026 to 2030. 
[S2 MDR-T 80 (i)] If there is a change in the group of focus countries during this 
period, then spend in newly added countries is added to the calculation and spend 
related to countries that were removed from the list is no longer used in the 
calculation. In 2025, Peru was added as a new focus country. Due to the low level of 
high-risk spend in Peru compared to the overall high-risk spend in focus countries, 
adding Peru did not have a significant impact on the risk-covered calculation and 
the 2024 percentage covered remained the same. 
[S2 MDR-T 80 (j)] The targets are monitored and reviewed on a monthly basis by 
the SSBM program management. At the end of 2025, we reached the 2025 target 
as 80% of high-risk supply spending in focus countries was covered by the SSBM 
program. 
We currently have no targets relating to workers in the downstream value chain. 
 
METHODOLOGY 
[S2 MDR-M 77 (a), 77 (c)] 
The SSBM target considers high-risk spend in focus countries. Focus countries are 
defined as those countries where the overall ESG risk or the risk for human rights 
violations is considered high or extremely high and the total spend on high-risk 
sourcing categories (high-risk spend) has reached a certain threshold. ABB uses an 
external source to determine the ESG and human rights risks in countries. High-
risk spend is defined as spend on those parts or services where the occupational 
health and safety risks and environmental risks are high or very high. This risk is 
assessed using an internal tool that analyzes inherent risks of manufacturing 
processes and the susceptibility of suppliers to these risks. 
Spend is covered by the SSBM program if it is allocated by ABB towards 
purchasing high-risk materials and services in focus countries with those suppliers 
who have completed an on-site assessment within the last five years or a self-
assessment in the last two years. 
Furthermore, to calculate the percentage of high-risk spend covered in focus 
countries, the sum of high-risk supply spend that is covered by the SSBM program 
is divided by the total high-risk supply spend that ABB has in focus countries. 
 

[page 119]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   117  
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
— 
Actions for workers 
in the value chain 
[S2-4] TAKING ACTION FOR VALUE CHAIN WORKERS 
At ABB, we recognize the importance of doing business ethically and maintaining 
ethical and sustainable business relationships in our value chain, both upstream 
and downstream. In 2025, we built upon existing actions to further embed integrity 
processes and to promote sustainable business operations. 
SUPPLY CHAIN DUE DILIGENCE 
[S2-4 32 (a), 32 (b)] ABB’s main program to conduct supply chain due diligence, 
mitigate negative impacts and provide positive impacts on workers in the value 
chain is the Sustainable Supply Base Management (SSBM) program. It is part of the 
wider Third-Party Management (TPM) Buy program, the ABB risk management 
process related to suppliers. The SSBM program addresses sustainability topics 
and performance at each stage of the supplier life cycle. It is part of our “Beyond 
Audit” approach. 
With the SSBM program, we integrate sustainability principles into our supplier 
selection and qualification processes and continuously monitor suppliers during 
their life cycle with us. Through the program, we address topics including human 
rights and decent work, health and safety, climate and environment, business 
ethics, business and information security, procurement by supplier, as well as 
approaches to reporting any concerns in these areas. Employee interviews are an 
integral element of the on-site assessments that are part of the program. 
The management and implementation of the SSBM program is handled by our 
business areas. The program is governed by a steering committee comprised of 
representatives from business areas and the corporate sustainability team and a 
working group comprised of representatives from all our divisions. 
As part of our yearly risk review process, in 2025 we have updated the list of focus 
countries to reflect both the changed composition of the ABB supplier base and 
changes in country risk levels. We also reviewed our portfolio of sourced materials 
and parts and have updated our commodity HSE risk matrix. Temporary labor 
agencies were added as a high-risk sourcing category. 
[S2-4 32 (d) | S2-4 33 (a)] On-site audits as part of the new supplier onboarding 
process are conducted by trained ABB employees. The on-site assessments in 
focus countries for existing suppliers are executed by a combination of externally 
certified ABB employees and assessors from third-party auditing companies. 
Under the SSBM program, new suppliers must complete a self-assessment. 
Depending on the results, further due diligence is carried out, which could include 
conducting an on-site audit. Only vendors that fulfill our minimum sustainability 
requirements can become a supplier to ABB. If during the on-site audit any non-
conformities are found related to mandatory requirements, a vendor needs to 
improve their performance before they can be onboarded as a new supplier. 
Identified high-risk suppliers in our existing supplier base undergo on-site 
assessments in a five-year cycle. During these assessments, we check adherence 
to requirements of our SCoC and of local legislation. 
If during these assessments any discrepancies are found, the supplier is required 
to create and implement a Corrective and Preventive Action (CAPA) Plan to solve 
the non-compliance within agreed timelines. Discrepancies can refer to both actual 
and potential negative impacts on value chain workers. Effective implementation 
of the CAPA Plan is verified during a CAPA audit. 
On average, 97 percent of supplier assessments result in one or more findings. The 
severity of the findings will determine how quickly the non-conformance needs to 
be solved and is an indication of the risk level of a supplier. We track the closure 
rate of identified risks to determine the effectiveness of the SSBM program. 

[page 120]
118  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
CASES OF NON-COMPLIANCE 
The top cases of non-compliances found during assessments in 2025 can be found 
in the graph below. These cases inform our interventions with suppliers. 
 
1 – Occupational Health and Safety (“OHS”) 
[S2-4 33 (b)] ABB is an active member of different multi-stakeholder initiatives, 
such as the UN Global Compact and the Global Business Initiative on Human Rights 
(GBI), with the aim of peer learning and defining best practices to tackle human 
rights. In 2025, we organized an event in collaboration with the GBI in India to 
explore effective stakeholder engagement strategies in global supply chains, with 
a focus on human rights and responsible business practices. 
[S2-4 33 (c)] ABB has a process in place to provide or enable remedy in case of 
material negative impacts; please see chapter “Good business conduct” (G1), 
section “Whistleblowing and reporting channels”. 
Additionally, in case of red flag findings during an SSBM assessment that are 
linked to actual material negative impacts, actions taken can include remedy. 
Follow up is done on a regular basis, until the finding is resolved satisfactorily. 
Depending on the type of finding, follow up can be done via on-site or per desktop 
audit. 
[S2-4 34 (a)] To mitigate material risks that arise from ABB’s impact and 
dependencies on value chain workers, we make relevant training available to our 
suppliers via different channels. As part of the SSBM program, we provide 
awareness training to suppliers on all topics that will be assessed during the on-
site assessments. We also train our Procurement organization on human rights 
and SSBM. We do not yet track the effectiveness of this training in a consistent 
manner. 
[S2-4 34 (b)] We continue to enhance the tools we use to perform human rights due 
diligence. To this purpose, we have started a project to add supplier adverse media 
screening on ESG topics to the program. Planned implementation is in 2026. 
[S2-4 32 (c) | S2-4 35] ABB has increased awareness raising and capacity building by 
enhancing the different training offerings: 
• New deep dive training promoted to suppliers covering topics such as 
child labor and modern slavery. 
• Role specific training at ABB covering human rights training for 
procurement. 
41%
43%
46%
50%
51%
52%
53%
54%
54%
66%
0% 20% 40% 60% 80%
Personal protective equipment (PPE)
Sub-suppliers and subcontractors
Reporting concerns
First aid
Human rights and labour rights risk assessment
Safe and healthy working place
Emergency (incl. medical) preparedness and drills
Working hours and overtime
OHS¹ risks, hazards documentation / communication
Fire license and firefighting equipment
Top non-compliances 2025

[page 121]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   119  
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
• Expansion of our human rights training offerings with two new modules 
focused on salient human rights issues. These include underlying factors 
relevant to human rights due diligence, such as corruption, HSE, and 
privacy, as well as environmental issues impacting human rights. 
[S2-4 36] There have been no substantiated cases of severe human rights issues 
and incidents reported in 2025. 
CONFLICT MINERALS AND OTHER MINERALS OF CONCERN 
[S2-4 32 (a), 32 (b)] Some of the IROs are linked to the extraction of raw materials, 
therefore sourcing minerals in an environmentally and socially sustainable manner 
is part of our responsible sourcing commitment. This is also reflected in our Policy 
on Conflict Minerals. 
The ABB Responsible Minerals program is based on the OECD Due Diligence 
Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict Affected and 
High-Risk Areas, and other international standards. Within this program, we 
continue our work to understand and limit our exposure to conflict minerals 
(tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold, or “3TG”), as defined by Section 1502 of the 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and EU Directive 
2017/821. We request information from our suppliers on the source of these 
minerals and other minerals of concern, such as cobalt and mica. Where needed, 
we train our suppliers on the topic. We work actively with them to avoid sourcing 
from smelters or refiners (SORs) in the covered countries (the Democratic Republic 
of the Congo and neighboring countries) and conflict-affected and high-risk areas 
(CAHRAs), other than those that have implemented OECD-aligned programs. We 
actively work with our suppliers to ensure that any minerals contained in the 
products and materials supplied to ABB originate from conflict-free sources. We 
also work to transition away from smelters and refiners that have been reported 
publicly for money laundering or human rights violations, with geopolitical and 
sourcing risks, or are based in countries under sanctions. 
We continue to participate in outreach efforts to smelters and refineries through 
the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI) and its member companies. The RMI, of 
which ABB is an active member, is an organization working to address responsible 
mineral sourcing in the supply chain. In 2025, we conducted tin smelter outreach in 
Indonesia. The outreach aided smelters implementing Correct Actions Plans post 
the RMI’s Responsible Minerals Assurance Process (RMAP). Assistance was also 
provided to smelters that are required to undergo the next RMAP. ABB continues 
to be the single point of contact for various smelters and refiners in Asia. 
In addition to carefully tracking our sources for tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold, 
we have expanded our survey to cover the use of other minerals in our products. 
Using the Extended Minerals Reporting Template developed by the RMI, we 
conduct due diligence on our cobalt and mica supply chains. In 2025, ABB had an 
increased focus on mica, including management engagements with key suppliers 
to strengthen traceability, transparency and compliance. 
HUMAN RIGHTS RISKS ASSESSMENT IN SALES 
[S2-4 31] To address the identified impacts along the value chain, ABB collaborates 
with suppliers and business partners where appropriate, leveraging long-term 
business relationships. In 2025, in the sales domain, we continued to screen for 
human rights risks in sales opportunities to ensure consistency with our values 
and broader human rights due diligence efforts. 
Our third-party management program is designed to assess and manage risks 
associated with third-party engagements across the value chain, including both 
suppliers and sales partners. This program includes risk-based due diligence prior 
to engagement, structured approval processes and ongoing risk monitoring 
throughout the life cycle of the relationship. 
 

[page 122]
120  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
ACTIONS OVERVIEW (S2) 
[S2-4 31 | S2 MDR-A 68 (a), 68 (b), 68 (c)] 
We are already executing all activities listed below. 
List of key actions IROs covered Scope Time horizon 
Sustainable Supply Base Management 
Program 
S2-O-01, S2-R-02 (upstream), S2-
NI-01 (upstream), S2-NI-03 
(upstream) 
Global tier 1 suppliers, with enhanced 
due diligence focused on suppliers in 
high or extreme-high risk countries, 
supplying high-risk goods and 
services 
Ongoing 
Responsible Minerals Program S2-R-02 (upstream), S2-NI-01 
(upstream), S2-NI-03 Global minerals supply chain Ongoing 
Human Rights Risk Assessment in Sales S2-NI-01 (downstream) Worldwide Ongoing 
 

[page 123]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   121  
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
PROTECTING VULNERABLE 
COMMUNITIES 
 
— 
Impacts and 
opportunities 
[S3 SBM-3] MATERIAL IROs AND THEIR INTERACTION WITH STRATEGY AND 
BUSINESS MODEL 
[S3 SBM-3 9, 9 (a), 9 (a) i, 9 (a) ii, 9 (a) iii, 9 (a) iv | S3 SBM-3 11] ABB's activities 
impact communities along its value chain. These communities consist of people 
living or working in the vicinity directly impacted by our operations as well as those 
affected indirectly through our value chain, irrespective of the distance between 
these communities and our operations. These communities are implicitly included 
in the scope of reporting in this Sustainability Statement. 
[S3 SBM-3 9 (b), 9 (c), 9 (d)] ABB’s updated DMA revealed three IROs in the 
communities field, all of which were classified as impacts. There were no material 
risks or opportunities identified. The three IROs are explained in the IRO table in 
the chapter “Sustainability at ABB”, section ESRS-2 IRO-1. 
[S3 SBM-3 9 (b)] One of the impacts was classified as potentially negative, namely 
that our operations can lead to disruption and to health issues of nearby 
communities due to noise, environmental pollution or hazardous materials handled 
at ABB directly. Another potentially negative impact concerns our upstream value 
chain if resources that are regarded as “conflict minerals” contribute to fueling 
unrest. 
[S3 SBM-3 9 (c)] We also identified a potentially positive impact of our business 
activities through contributing to local development in the communities where we 
operate, for example through the ABB Community Engagement program. 
— 
Community-related 
policies 
[S3-1] POLICIES RELATED TO AFFECTED COMMUNITIES 
[S3-1 16] ABB uses several policies and procedures to manage its impact on 
affected communities. Our negative impacts concerning human rights of all 
affected communities are covered in the ABB Human Rights Policy and Due 
Diligence Framework, the ABB Code of Conduct and the ABB Supplier Code of 
Conduct. Potential negative impacts on nearby communities, such as disruptions or 
health risks from noise, environmental pollution or hazardous materials, are 
covered by the Health, Safety, Environment (HSE) & Security Policy. To address the 
potential negative impact on communities near our supply chain mining activities 
we refer to the ABB Policy on Conflict Minerals. Specific information about these 
policies and their alignment with internationally recognized standards can be found 
in a dedicated Policies section at the end of the chapter “Sustainability at ABB”. 
[S3-1 15 | S3-1 16 (a)] Our policies are designed to protect communities broadly, 
with indigenous peoples recognized as an essential part of those they aim to 
support, even if not explicitly mentioned. 
[S3-1 16 (b)] Our current policies do not include a dedicated engagement process 
with affected communities. While we recognize the value of direct and meaningful 
engagement, especially in understanding and addressing the needs and concerns 
of those impacted by our operations, such mechanisms have not yet been formally 
integrated into our policy framework. 
[§16.c] For information about how we provide or enable remedy for human rights 
impacts please refer to the chapter “Good business conduct”, section G1-1, 
“Whistleblowing and reporting channels”. 

[page 124]
122  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
[S3-1 17] The relevant ABB policies are aligned with internationally recognized 
instruments such as the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, the 
ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, or the OECD 
Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises involving affected communities, either 
within our own operations or across our upstream and downstream value chain. 
We continue to monitor our activities and those of our partners to ensure 
alignment with these international standards. 
Engaging with 
communities 
[S3-2] PROCESSES FOR ENGAGING WITH COMMUNITIES ABOUT IMPACTS 
[S3-2 24] ABB has initiated the development of a stakeholder engagement plan 
during the reporting period. The process involves reviewing internal structures 
and resource considerations that may support future engagement activities. 
Initial planned steps include identifying and profiling stakeholder groups, 
mapping and prioritizing them based on relevance and potential impact and 
exploring engagement levels and methodologies. Implementation of the plan is 
expected to begin in 2026. 
At present, ABB does not have a formal community engagement process in place 
specific to local communities. 
 
— 
Channels available 
to raise concerns 
[S3-3] PROCESSES TO REMEDIATE NEGATIVE IMPACTS AND CHANNELS 
AVAILABLE TO RAISE CONCERNS 
[S3-3 27 (a)] Information on reporting channels available to affected communities, 
including assessments of their effectiveness, is included in the chapter “Good 
business conduct”, section G1-1, “Whistleblowing and reporting channels”. 
 
— 
Community-related 
targets 
                
[S3-5] TARGETS RELATING TO AFFECTED COMMUNITIES 
[S3-5 41 | ESRS 2 72 | S3 MDR-T 81 (b) i, 81 (b) ii] Although ABB has not established a 
specific target related to affected communities, primarily due to the current 
maturity level of our internal processes, we are committed to expanding our 
community engagement programs with the ambition of generating measurable 
impact. To support this ambition, we have developed internal voluntary guidelines 
and processes intended to facilitate a more structured and consistent approach. 
These efforts aim to enhance social engagement, promote community involvement, 
and align with ABB’s commitment to fostering positive impacts in the communities 
where we operate. 
 
Ambition 2025 status 2024 status 
[S3] Protecting vulnerable communities    
Ambition to Expand Programs for Community 
Engagement 
In 2025, we launched our new Community 
of Practice (CoP), including colleagues 
across functions and countries. At Group-
level, we set guidance and sign off 
priorities, while our CoP connects local 
practitioners and shares knowledge, 
enhancing local capabilities.  
In 2024, we released an internal 
guideline to formalize the company’s 
community engagement strategy 
and provide direction on developing 
projects aligned with our 
Sustainability Agenda and our Four 
Focus Areas (4Es) of intervention. 
 

[page 125]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   123  
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
— 
Taking action in 
communities 
[S3-4] TAKING ACTION FOR AFFECTED COMMUNITIES 
[S3-4 32 (a)] ABB’s Health, Safety, Environment and Security (HSE&S) 
management system is designed to ensure the responsible management of 
our operations. By maintaining high standards in environmental and safety 
performance, we reduce the risk of negative impacts on nearby communities, 
such as those related to noise, pollution or hazardous materials. All divisions 
undergo regular self-assessment cycles and independent HSE audits to 
identify areas for improvement. Our centralized system tracks hazards and 
incidents, assigning corrective actions to responsible managers. Divisions 
develop tailored safety programs, conduct internal inspections, and 
coordinate emergency preparedness and response. Third-party verifications 
support the credibility of our health, safety and wellbeing reporting. In the 
event of a material impact, ABB applies structured procedures to investigate 
incidents and implement corrective actions. Although no specific targets are 
set for community-related impacts, our systems ensure that any actual issues 
are addressed. 
ABB has implemented a Responsible Mineral program to manage risks associated 
with the sourcing of minerals such as tin, tantalum, tungsten, gold (3TG), mica and 
cobalt. These materials may originate from conflict-affected and high-risk areas 
where there is potential for human rights violations and the financing of armed 
groups. 
We are an active member of the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI), a global multi-
industry association with over 500 member companies. The RMI provides tools and 
standards to support responsible mineral sourcing, including the Responsible 
Minerals Assurance Process (RMAP), a third-party audit mechanism that verifies 
whether smelters and refiners have systems in place to source minerals responsibly. 
We participate in outreach efforts to encourage smelters to undergo RMAP audits 
and implement corrective actions where needed. 
For more information, including on resources, refer to the previous chapter, section 
“Actions for workers in the value chain”. Although the program is not specifically 
designed to address community-level impacts, its implementation contributes to 
reducing the likelihood of adverse social and environmental conditions in sourcing 
regions. 
[S3-4 32 (c)] ABB carries out community engagement activities in the areas where it 
operates. These activities are based on four areas of focus (the “4Es”: Education, 
Emergency and disaster relief, Empowering communities, Environment and 
conservation), which are aligned with ABB’s Sustainability Agenda. The aim is to 
contribute to local development and respond to identified community needs. 
The approach includes engagement with local stakeholders, collaboration with 
external partners, and implementation of projects at the country level. These 
initiatives are intended to support the wellbeing of communities and contribute to 
ABB’s role as a responsible presence in the local context. 
ABB has a long-standing commitment to social impact through partnerships with 
organizations such as Junior Achievement and the Special Olympics. In 2025, ABB 
continued to strengthen these collaborations, supporting inclusive sports through 
employee volunteering at the Special Olympics and advancing youth education and 
entrepreneurship with Junior Achievement. 
All actions described reflect activities carried out during the reporting year, as part 
of ABB’s ongoing commitment to continuous improvement. 
 

[page 126]
124  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
ACTIONS OVERVIEW (S3) 
[S3 MDR-A 68 (a), 68 (b), 68 (c)] 
We are already executing all activities listed below. 
 
List of key actions IROs covered Scope Time horizon 
HSE Continuous Improvement Program S3-NI-01 Communities close to our 
operations Ongoing 
Responsible Minerals Program S3-NI-02 Communities close to upstream 
mines Ongoing 
Annual Community Engagement Programs S3-PI-01 Communities close to our 
operations Ongoing 
 

[page 127]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   125  
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
PROTECTING CONSUMERS 
 
— 
Management of 
consumer-related 
risks 
[S4 SBM-3] MATERIAL IROs AND THEIR INTERACTION WITH STRATEGY AND 
BUSINESS MODEL 
[S4 SBM-3 10 (a) i, 10 (a) ii, 10 (a) iii, 10 (a) iv] Consumers and end-users subject to 
material impacts are industrial consumers of electrical, automation and robotics 
equipment, and end-users of building automation and home electrical equipment. 
ABB’s current impacts and risks mitigation measures in place cover the IROs 
identified as material in our DMA process. The IROs correspond to the following 
ESRS sub-sub-topics: Privacy; Access to (quality) information; and Health, safety 
and security of a person. As part of the DMA we identified one potential negative 
impact on consumers and/or end-users linked to harm from the use of our 
products. 
[S4 SBM-3 10 (b)] ABB identified risks associated with product malfunctions due to 
extreme usage or intense external factors (e.g., extreme weather conditions) that 
may damage our reputation, lead to workforce fluctuations and increase service 
demands, raising the risk of errors and warranty costs in situations of critical 
utilization of products. System failure can lead to safety incidents and/or 
operational disruptions for consumers and end-users. This would result in 
business losses and financial repercussions. 
Cyber attacks on our systems can threaten brand reputation, customer operations 
and satisfaction, especially in critical infrastructure. Exploited software 
vulnerabilities can compromise customer data, while threats like RaaS, AI-driven 
attacks and supply chain risks emerge. Geopolitical factors may increase cyber 
risks. Sophisticated state-sponsored and organized crime attacks can increase 
exposure to data breaches, regulatory non-compliance and business disruption. 
 
— 
Consumer-related 
policies & 
processes 
[S4-1] POLICIES RELATED TO CONSUMERS AND END-USERS ABOUT IMPACTS 
[S4-3] PROCESSES TO REMEDIATE NEGATIVE IMPACTS AND CHANNELS FOR 
CONSUMERS AND END-USERS TO RAISE CONCERNS 
[S4-1 15] All sustainability-related policies of ABB are described in a dedicated 
Policies section at the end of the chapter “Sustainability at ABB”. 
In addition, ABB is in the process of developing a stakeholder engagement policy 
to fully cover downstream requirements. We have initiated the development of a 
stakeholder engagement plan during the reporting period. The process currently 
involves reviewing internal structures and resource considerations that may 
support future engagement activities. Initial planned steps include identifying and 
profiling new relevant stakeholder groups, mapping and prioritizing them based 
on relevance and potential impact, and exploring engagement levels and 
methodologies. Implementation of the plan is expected to begin in 2026. 
[S4-3 25 (c)] For processes to remediate negative impacts and channels available 
to consumers and end-users to raise concerns and have them addressed, please 
see the description of the Business Ethics Helpline in chapter “Good business 
conduct”, section “Whistleblowing and reporting channels”. 
 

[page 128]
126  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
 
— 
Consumer-related 
targets & actions 
[S4-4] TAKING ACTION ON MATERIAL IMPACTS ON CONSUMERS AND END-USERS 
[S4-5] CONSUMER-RELATED TARGETS 
[S4-5 41] ABB has not yet set any consumer-related targets and action plans for 
fiscal year 2025. We intend to develop and implement targets and action plans, and 
the results will be included in subsequent reports as they become available. 

[page 129]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   127  
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
03 
GOVERNANCE  
INFORMATION  
  
Good business conduct 128 
 

[page 130]
128  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
GOOD BUSINESS CONDUCT 
 
ABB’s Sustainability Agenda is underpinned by a culture of integrity and 
transparency that we aim to embed across our value chain. We see integrity as part 
of our license to operate, and we are committed to the highest standards of 
ethical business conduct and professional behavior. 
— 
Ethical business 
practices 
[G1 GOV-1] ROLE OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE, SUPERVISORY AND MANAGEMENT 
BODIES 
[G1 GOV-1 5 (a)] The Board of Directors has ultimate accountability for compliance 
and integrity matters, in accordance with Swiss law including to review and 
approve ABB’s integrity program including  
• preventative measures undertaken by ABB; 
• oversight of significant integrity matters and ongoing investigations; 
• benchmarking against other companies’ integrity programs as 
appropriate; and 
• monitoring relevant legal developments. 
 
The Finance, Audit and Compliance Committee (FACC) of the Board supports the 
Board of Directors in oversight of ABB’s compliance with legal and regulatory 
requirements and provides oversight of the Integrity Program. The General 
Counsel has accountability and responsibility for our legal function, including 
oversight of ABB’s compliance with applicable law. The Chief Integrity Officer has 
responsibility for implementing, managing and continuously enhancing our 
integrity program and resourcing the function appropriately with qualified staff. 
[G1 GOV-1 5 (b)] The expertise of our administrative, management and supervisory 
bodies on business conduct matters is outlined in the ABB Ltd Board Governance 
Rules. The FACC membership is comprised of seasoned individuals with expertise 
in financial and non-financial business conduct matters. Ensuring that the 
competency of all Board members fits to our strategy and purpose is the 
responsibility of the Governance and Nomination Committee. 
 
— 
Business conduct as 
a material topic 
[G1 IRO-1] IDENTIFYING AND ASSESSING MATERIAL IROs 
[G1 IRO-1 53 (b)] We have reported on sustainability for many years and therefore 
have a solid approach to governing the topic. To ensure alignment with the CSRD and 
ESRS, we performed a double materiality assessment (DMA) in 2024 and an update 
to the DMA outcome in 2025. For more information on the process, see the chapter 
“Sustainability at ABB”. 
Through the DMA we identified nine material impacts, risks and opportunities 
(IROs) in the business conduct field. Of these, five have been categorized as 
impacts, three as risks and one as an opportunity. To identify these IROs we 
considered all relevant criteria, including location, historical events, peer 
benchmarking and stakeholder prospectives. 
For more detailed information on these IROs including a description, whether the 
impacts are positive or negative, actual or potential, their place in our value chain, 
and the time horizons in which we expect them to occur, please see the IRO table 
(ESRS 2 IRO-1) in the chapter “Sustainability at ABB”. 
 

[page 131]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   129  
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
— 
Business conduct-
related policies 
[G1-1] CORPORATE CULTURE AND BUSINESS CONDUCT POLICIES 
[G1-1 9] Our values are the cornerstone of our culture. They shape everything we do, 
guide our behavior and interactions with our colleagues, customers, partners and 
society as a whole, and help us realize our purpose. By living our four ABB values 
(courage, care, curiosity, collaboration), we lead by example in how we do business 
and behave. 
At ABB, integrity and transparency define how we do business. They are the 
foundation of our Sustainability Agenda and underpin our value creation. We 
recognize the importance of doing business ethically and maintaining ethical 
business relationships. The ABB Code of Conduct (CoC) expresses our collective 
and individual commitment to integrity and provides practical guidance to our 
workforce, suppliers and business partners on how we conduct business 
worldwide. The CoC applies globally to all our employees, managers, officers and 
directors, including our wholly owned affiliates and subsidiaries, as well as 
employees of joint ventures or other entities in which ABB has majority ownership 
interest or exercises effective control. 
ABB uses several other policies and procedures to manage its business conduct in 
support of the CoC, such as the Supplier Code of Conduct and the Human Rights 
Policy & Human Rights Due Diligence Framework. These and other relevant policies 
are described in a dedicated Policies section at the end of the chapter 
“Sustainability at ABB”. 
WHISTLEBLOWING AND REPORTING CHANNELS 
[G1-1 10 (a), 10 (e) | G1-3 20] All global ABB employees, contractors, suppliers, 
consumers and end-users and other stakeholders, such as potentially affected 
communities, can report any concerns of possible breaches of the CoC, the 
Supplier Code of Conduct or other policies, as well as applicable laws, including 
matters relating to human rights, via the following channels: 
1. Internal stakeholders globally can report to ABB managers or the 
Human Resources and Legal & Integrity departments. 
2. Internal and external stakeholders globally can report to the ABB 
Business Ethics Helpline, hosted on an independent third party’s technical 
platform. This is available to external stakeholders such as value chain 
workers (see chapter S2), communities (see chapter S3) and consumers 
and end-users (see chapter S4). 
These channels were established and are managed by ABB. 
Any reports received in the Business Ethics Helpline are classified according to a 
relevant case category at the triage stage and updated during the investigation as 
required. Relevant categories include HSE, security, human resources, human 
rights, corruption and bribery, and other integrity issues (as well as more detailed 
subcategories within these). These categories and sub-categories facilitate 
appropriate attention, resourcing and internal escalation. 

[page 132]
130  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
The Integrity Investigations and Monitoring (IIM) team is responsible for overall 
administration of the Business Ethics Helpline. This includes reviewing all reports 
received and determining the appropriate assignment for addressing reports, 
subject to confidentiality and whistleblower protection considerations. The IIM 
team is responsible for independently and objectively carrying out thorough 
investigations into the highest-risk business conduct reported incidents. This 
function reports to the Chief Integrity Officer who reports to the General Counsel 
and makes periodic updates to the FACC, as outlined in the ABB Ltd Board 
Governance Rules. We have additional investigations teams in each business area 
who are responsible for lower-risk business conduct and workplace reported 
incidents. Reporting lines and any potential conflicts of interest are considered in 
the assignment of investigators to matters. 
These procedures are in accordance with EU Directive 2019/1937. 
Training and awareness 
[G1-1 10 (c)] We support the availability of our reporting channels to internal and 
external stakeholders by publishing information about how to access and use 
these reporting channels on our website (here). Reports to our Business Ethics 
Helpline can be made via an online form, but we also support the accessibility of 
this channel via an international telephone hotline with local phone numbers 
applicable to over 50 countries. 
We also support the availability of channels to our workforce via training. All new 
employees are required to review and understand the CoC, for which we provide 
micro learnings that are accessible to all employees through our Integrity 
Awareness Portal, to facilitate training on the CoC. This training covers available 
reporting mechanisms beyond the Business Ethics Helpline, such as reporting to 
an ABB manager, Legal & Integrity or Human Resources. 
Furthermore, employees have access to internal training modules on human rights 
topics, which also highlight the channels available for employees to report any 
human rights concerns. Section S2-3 contains further information on how we 
support the availability of channels in the value chain. 
Measuring the effectiveness of reporting channels 
ABB maintains a real-time case dashboard to continuously monitor incidents 
reported in the Business Ethics Helpline from internal and external stakeholders. 
To assess the level of trust in our reporting channels, we benchmark the volume of 
cases received against external sources and the level of reports received 
anonymously, where comparable data is available. We produce an Integrity 
Analytics Report that is available to all employees, which outlines business- and 
country-specific metrics on trust, engagement and transparency. We also 
encourage our employees to engage in informal discussions to promote 
awareness and trust in reporting, for example through the Integrity on the 
Business Agenda initiative and the Integrity Circles. We monitor the time needed 
for case resolution, substantiation, outcomes and other datapoints to continually 
assess our incident reporting and resolution landscape for actionable trends and 
risk detection. 

[page 133]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   131  
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
Non-retaliation 
Our reporting channels allow reports to be made by internal or external 
stakeholders anonymously or otherwise. The process is designed to protect the 
confidentiality (as appropriate) of reporters and the reporting and resolution 
process. Our CoC and Whistleblowing Protection Statement set out our 
commitment to non-retaliation against those who use the reporting channels. The 
Integrity Investigations Framework governs the process for handling alleged 
violations of the CoC and outlines, for all CoC investigators, how to protect 
whistleblowers. If retaliation is alleged in a case reported in our Business Ethics 
Helpline, in triage it would be allocated to a specific case category (“retaliation for 
protected activity”), which highlights our commitment to taking measures to 
ensure that no retaliation occurs. 
As outlined in our Supplier Code of Conduct, suppliers must provide reasonable 
assistance to any investigation by ABB of potential violations, and they must 
protect anyone who works for them, either as an employee or a contractor, from 
any form of retaliation for reporting suspected or actual violations. 
Remedy 
Where root cause analysis determines that remediation is required, we take steps 
to provide remediation according to internal policies and processes, and in line 
with applicable contracts and laws. Our Human Rights Policy contains our 
commitment that, if adverse human rights impacts are found to be caused or 
contributed to by ABB, we will take action to remediate those impacts in a fair and 
equitable manner in line with the UNGPs. Our CoC further states that we seek to 
provide appropriate remedy to affected stakeholders. With respect to the value 
chain, our Human Rights Policy explains our commitment that, if we find impacts 
directly linked to our business relationships, we will use our influence to encourage 
suppliers and business partners to respect human rights, whether through 
collaboration and support, corrective action plans or termination of the business 
relationship on a case-by-case basis. This is supported by ABB’s expectations 
contained in the Supplier Code of Conduct. 
We also have internal processes for investigating and remediating grievances 
reported by our own workforce. This includes considering disciplinary remediation 
for substantiated violations of the CoC and non-disciplinary remediation to 
minimize the risk of recurrence. 
All remediation items from investigations are tracked by relevant owners. Legal & 
Integrity teams in the business areas track their implementation. At Group-level, 
we generate investigative insights, which can highlight repeated themes and 
incidents. We also have case insight dashboards, which enable the tracking of 
substantiated trends in the same issue type, which can indicate that a remediation 
effort may not have been effective and requires further review. 
Further information on remediation of impacts identified via ABB’s SSBM program 
can be found in section S2-3. 
BUSINESS CONDUCT TRAINING 
[G1-1 10 (g)] Our integrity training program is made available to all employees. It is 
designed to familiarize them with our CoC and ethical standards, enabling them to 
conform with our expectations as set out therein. The CoC is available in various 
languages, online and via a mobile application to make it accessible to office and 
production staff. Our online integrity training is accessible to all employees and 
aims to bring to life our expectations on workplace behavior, anti-bribery and anti-
corruption, bullying and harassment, equality and discrimination, speaking up and 
other CoC topics. 

[page 134]
132  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
Employees are encouraged to engage in continuous self-learning, with the training 
content tailored to the specific risks relevant to their roles. The aim of this 
approach is to ensure that employees are not only completing the training but are 
also applying the knowledge in their daily tasks. From time to time, integrity 
training is mandated for all employee groups or for specific at-risk groups, as part 
of efforts to continuously drive integrity behaviors and/or remedial measures. 
Alongside these integrity-focused learning modules, managers at all levels of the 
company are expected to model integrity behaviors and hold team discussions to 
ensure that our teams understand what is expected when it comes to ethical 
conduct and treating people with respect. Integrity Committees in all business 
areas and divisions support this approach. 
Additionally, we conduct regular global communications about culture, behavior 
expectations and resources, including monthly sharing of internal integrity 
successes and failures. This continuous learning strategy is underpinned by 
employee accountability and fraud prevention awareness, fostering a culture of 
integrity and ethical conduct within the organization. 
[G1-1 10 (h)] Our functions deemed most at-risk of bribery are Sales and 
Procurement (through their dealings with third parties) as well as Finance, Legal, 
and Human Resources (through their gatekeeper duties). In accordance with the 
ABB Way, our business areas implement risk management plans to mitigate the 
specific risks posed in relation to their at-risk functions. 
 
— 
Late payments 
[G1-2] MANAGEMENT OF RELATIONSHIPS WITH VENDORS 
At ABB, integrity and transparency define how we do business. This includes our 
business relationships with vendors. Both our business partners and we ourselves 
commit to contractual agreements. 
[G1-2 14] For our internal regulations and processes to prevent late payments to 
vendors, including SMEs, please see under G1-6 (Payment practices) below. 
 
— 
Management of 
supplier 
relationships 
[G1-2 15 (a)] The relationship of ABB with its suppliers is governed by the ABB 
Supplier Code of Conduct (SCoC), which complements the ABB Code of Conduct. It 
sets forth our requirements for suppliers. The SCoC is in line with relevant 
international frameworks, standards and legislation governing ethical and 
sustainable business practices. To help our suppliers, we have developed an 
implementation guide, providing practical advice on how to meet the SCoC 
requirements. 
The SCoC covers social topics – such as human rights and decent work or health 
and safety – but also environmental topics, such as climate and environment or 
material compliance and responsible minerals. On the social side, it requires our 
suppliers to respect the same international human rights principles and standards 
as ABB, including specific requirements regarding child labor, modern slavery, 
harassment and discrimination, as well as the rights of local communities and 
vulnerable groups. It also requires suppliers to conduct human rights due diligence 
to identify, assess, eliminate or mitigate the risks of potential adverse effects 
related to forced and/or child labor in their supply chains. On the environmental 
side, it includes a list of potential environmental impacts on the part of suppliers 
and the requirement to conduct ongoing environmental due diligence to identify, 
assess and evaluate potential risks to prevent, mitigate and reduce negative 
impacts on the climate, biodiversity and natural resources. Suppliers are required 
to conduct their business in a low-carbon, environmentally sustainable and 
resource-efficient way. Where needed, we support our suppliers to improve their 
performance. 

[page 135]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   133  
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
The SCoC requires suppliers to disseminate and enforce similar requirements 
across their own supply chains and to report any suspected violations. In 2025, we 
promoted deep dive training to our suppliers on human rights-related topics. We 
also launched targeted training on human rights to our Procurement organization 
to increase awareness of the topic and provide them with the right knowledge to 
discuss the topic with suppliers during their life cycle with us. 
To further mitigate risks, our category management strategies include generic 
category risk controls, additional risk controls for geopolitical issues, material 
compliance changes, and critical parts and material shortages. We have also 
implemented single-source risk management strategies. Suppliers in scope of risk 
management will be uploaded to our risk management tool and closely monitored. 
Where possible and feasible, a local-for-local or region-for-region supply chain set-
up has been implemented, lowering supply chain disruption risks. 
BEYOND AUDITS 
[G1-2 15 (b)] Our Sustainable Supply Base Management (SSBM) program, which 
addresses sustainability topics and performance at each stage of the supplier life 
cycle, forms part of our “Beyond Audit” approach. With the SSBM program we 
integrate sustainability principles into our supplier selection and qualification 
processes and continuously monitor suppliers during their life cycle with us. 
Through the program, we address topics including human rights and decent work, 
health and safety, climate and environment, business ethics, business and 
information security, procurement, as well as approaches to reporting any 
concerns in these areas. 
For further information on ABB’s SSBM program, see the Sustainable Supply Base 
Management Requirements and the associated Approved Code of Practice (ACOP) 
in the Policies section at the end of the chapter “Sustainability at ABB”. Please also 
see the chapter “Social protection in the value chain” (S2), in particular the section 
“S2-2: Engaging about impacts”, “S2-4: Workers in the value chain-related actions” 
and “S2-5: Workers in the value chain-related targets”. 
THIRD-PARTY MANAGEMENT 
The SSBM program is linked to our wider Third-Party Management (TPM) program. 
The TPM program sets core minimum integrity requirements for the selection, 
onboarding, engaging, monitoring, managing and termination of relationships 
between ABB and third parties. It is implemented to identify, assess, monitor and 
manage integrity risks to which we are exposed via third-party relationships. The 
TPM program enables identification of risks that may have an impact on 
sustainability matters (e.g., anti-bribery and anti-corruption and human rights) 
and could lead to regulatory, legal, financial or reputational damage. Depending on 
the identified risks, further due diligence is required, and mitigation actions are 
implemented. 
CONFLICT MINERALS AND OTHER MINERALS OF CONCERN 
Responsibly sourcing conflict minerals and other minerals of concern is part of our 
responsible sourcing commitment. This is also reflected in our Policy on Conflict 
Minerals. We have established a Responsible Minerals Program based on the OECD 
Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict 
Affected and High-Risk Areas, and other international standards. Within this 
program, we continue our work to understand and limit our exposure to conflict 
minerals (tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold, or “3TG”), as defined by Section 1502 of 
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and EU Directive 
2017/821. 
In addition to carefully tracking our sources for tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold, 
we have expanded our survey to cover the use of other minerals in our products. 
Using the Extended Minerals Reporting Template developed by the Responsible 
Minerals Initiative, we conduct due diligence on our cobalt and mica supply chains. 
For more information on the Responsible Minerals program, please see chapter S2 
(“Social protection in the value chain”), section S2-4 for related actions. 

[page 136]
134  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
INVOLVING SUPPLIERS 
As part of our supply chain GHG emissions reduction program, we have requested 
our most impactful suppliers to register in EcoVadis and get a validated scorecard. 
This will not only provide information on their approach and maturity related to 
carbon management, but also covers their performance in environment, labor and 
human rights, ethics and sustainable procurement by suppliers. ABB divisions are 
taking the suppliers’ EcoVadis score into consideration during supplier 
performance evaluation and/or supplier selection. 
As part of our obligations under the Indian Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Reporting requirements, ABB India conducts regular ESG risk 
assessments across its targeted value chain to identify material issues. These 
assessments help prioritize suppliers and partners that require closer engagement 
or improvement. The company has also established a systematic approach to 
address significant risks or concerns arising from the assessments of the value 
chain. The approach consists of various initiatives including awareness-building 
for value chain partners, sharing best practices on ESG, supporting the selected 
partners to further improve their ESG performance and evaluation of ESG 
performance on defined frequency. 
ABB’S GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
ABB provides General Terms and Conditions for Purchase of Goods and Services 
(GTCs) as a contractual component of our supplier relationship. These include 
obligations regarding applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, sanctions 
and trade control laws and regulations, and human rights and anti-modern slavery 
laws and international frameworks. 
All ABB suppliers are requested to sign the GTCs as an essential precondition to 
enter into business relations with us. 
SUPPLIER CYBER SECURITY AND PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION 
ABB takes cyber security and personal data protection extremely seriously – for the 
security of our products, systems and services, as well as our customers’ and ABB’s 
data, including personally identifiable information. Our suppliers play a crucial role 
in our cyber security and data protection programs. We therefore expect our 
suppliers to support and complement our efforts to keep our systems and data 
safe. Where applicable, suppliers are required to disseminate the same 
requirements within their supplier base. The ABB Cyber Security Requirements for 
Suppliers establish the minimum measures that we expect our suppliers to comply 
with. We have also identified the requirements regarding the processing of 
personal data, and they are integrated in the selection and onboarding processes 
for suppliers. 
FUNDAMENTALS OF WORKING WITH ABB 
Working with best-in-class suppliers is essential for our success. Apart from the 
above-mentioned requirements for suppliers, we have identified other 
fundamentals to cooperate with ABB, which include our material compliance 
program and the ABB list of Prohibited and Restricted Substances. Further 
information on this can be found on the ABB website (Supplying to ABB). 
 

[page 137]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   135  
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
— 
Anti-corruption and 
anti-bribery 
[G1-3] PREVENTION AND DETECTION OF CORRUPTION AND BRIBERY 
Integrity and transparency are core to our operating model. We aim to embed 
them in everything we do. Our Integrity Program (including training) is our key 
action plan with respect to ESRS G1. 
ANTI-BRIBERY AND ANTI-CORRUPTION PROGRAM 
[G1-3 18 (a)] At ABB, we have zero tolerance for unethical business practices. Any 
abuse of power or trust for private gain is a breach of our ethical standards and 
Code of Conduct and has no place at ABB. We know that having an adaptive anti-
bribery and anti-corruption (ABAC) program, which allows us to anticipate and 
meet risks head-on, is critical for our organizational success. The ABAC framework 
is a conceptual overview of existing key ABAC policies, procedures, guidance and 
controls designed and implemented across our operations to prevent, detect and 
respond to key ABAC risks we face as a global organization. These include 
addressing corruption and bribery risks in the engagement of vendors, customers 
and sales channel partners; engaging in the giving or receiving of gifts, travel and 
hospitality; engaging in donation and sponsorship activities; compliance with 
travel and expense procedures; and other corruption and bribery risk mitigating 
measures that have been incorporated into our financial reporting controls via our 
ABAC Risk Catalogue. On the supplier side, our Supplier Code of Conduct (SCoC) 
and the SCoC Implementation Guide provide increased focus on business conduct 
for all our suppliers, strengthening our risk-based approach to selecting suppliers 
and enabling effective oversight and monitoring of their activities and overall 
performance across total population of third parties. 
We perform periodic risk assessments and targeted monitoring and testing 
activities, leveraging data-driven dashboards fed by primary enterprise tools used 
for daily operations to detect integrity risks, specifically focusing on ABAC and 
fraud risks. 
[G1-3 18 (b)] A description of the procedures regarding potential incidents of 
corruption and bribery can be found above in chapter G1-1, section 
“Whistleblowing and reporting channels”. 
[G1-3 18 (c)] The Chief Integrity Officer reports quarterly to the FACC, with periodic 
updates to the full Board and Executive Committee (EC). These reports include 
insights regarding the effectiveness of the integrity program, the annual strategy 
of the Integrity and Regulatory Affairs function, and notable risk matters for 
management and Board awareness. 
INTEGRITY TRAINING 
[G1-3 21 (a)] Overall, our integrity training program takes a hybrid approach, 
combining self-guided learning with role-specific mandatory training and regular 
communication to employees aimed to keep awareness high, thereby encouraging 
individual ownership and accountability. The program is Group-wide. It focuses on, 
but is not exclusive to, the upskilling of employees in gatekeeper functions and 
those that interact with third parties. 
The ABAC training program aims to enhance core ABAC competencies while 
highlighting the role these individuals play in upholding our integrity culture and 
compliance obligations. The communication program aims to keep awareness 
high via ABB-specific lessons-learned stories (“Straight Talk”) published monthly, 
quarterly “Integrity on the Business Agenda” messages tailored for all employees 
to also aid in keeping awareness high, supplemented by specific business area 
messaging regarding these and broader integrity risks relevant to the business 
and how they are being managed. 

[page 138]
136  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
Our business areas and divisions build on the success of these training modules to 
develop their own tailored learnings, adapted for and specific to roles and certain 
at-risk functions and geographies within each business. Straight Talk, an internal 
platform for sharing real-life integrity successes and failures, serves as a strong 
complement to our training program. This transparent communications tool 
consolidates lessons learned and supports our speak-up culture with regular 
messaging about our reporting channels. 
[G1-3 21 (b)] At ABB, there are five “functions at-risk” with regard to bribery and 
corruption; they are set out in section G1-1 (“Business conduct trainings”) above. 
100 percent of functions deemed most-at-risk of bribery and corruption have 
access to the learning program described above and are therefore covered by our 
training programs. 
[G1-3 21 (c)] The Chief Integrity Officer provides integrity reports quarterly to the 
FACC, with periodic updates to the full Board and EC for learning and awareness 
purposes. All integrity training materials are available to employees, including 
management. Management regularly participates in the launch of bespoke 
learning campaigns (e.g., the CEO provides the introductory message to the 
antitrust e-learning), and in incorporating integrity messages during regular 
communications (e.g., quarterly earnings messages to all employees). 

[page 139]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   137  
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
— 
Facts & figures  
Business conduct 
[G1-4] INCIDENTS OF CORRUPTION OR BRIBERY 
[G1-4 24 (a)] ABB has not been the subject of any convictions or fines for violation of 
anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws during the reporting period.  
[G1-4 24 (b)] We investigate all reported potential breaches of our anti-bribery and 
anti-corruption procedures and standards. Any appropriate remedial measures are 
agreed internally, and completion of the same is tracked, pursuant to the 
Investigations Framework. Insights from such breaches are discussed regularly 
with management (e.g., in division reviews, monthly business reviews with the EC 
and with the FACC) and shared with all employees in published Straight Talk 
stories. For further information please see the section “Whistleblowing and 
reporting channels”, p. 129. 
 
 [G1-6] PAYMENT PRACTICES 
[G1-6 33 (a)] We are dependent on our vendors/suppliers13 and aim to ensure 
efficient payment processes and drive successful relationships with our third-party 
vendors. We have multiple policies and procedures to safeguard our processes 
related to the correct usage of purchase orders, onboarding and qualification of 
vendors and payment practices. 
[G1-6 33 (b)] The average actual payment terms on invoices are 73 days. The share 
of payments made on time, based on the agreed upon terms, is 54 percent (and 
for small and medium-sized enterprises, SMEs, 53 percent). Payments are expected 
to be made in the next payment run after approval, with payment runs being 
performed on working days. We apply an internal grace period of three working 
days between payment execution and net due date. With the varied payment term 
landscape in use within ABB, the three-day internal grace period incorporates due 
dates falling on public holidays, time zone adjustments, bank transfer cut-off 
timing, etc. The share of payments made on time, including the internal grace 
period, is 88 percent (and for SMEs 87 percent). Payment practices are calculated 
based on the Group’s invoice management system. On average, we pay our 
vendors/suppliers within 79 days; for SMEs, the figure is 77 days. 
[G1-6 33 (c)] At the end of fiscal year 2025, according to our internal dispute 
management tool, ABB had 5 legal proceedings outstanding for late payments to 
its suppliers, of which 5 have been contested by ABB. 
[G1 MDR-M 77 (c)] 
  2025 2024 
Average number of days to pay invoice (all population)  79 days  
Average number of days to pay invoice (SMEs)  77 days  
Average Payment Term in number of days (all population)  73 days  
Average Payment Term in number of days (SMEs)  70 days  
Payments made on time - Percentage (all population)  54%  
Payments made on time - Percentage (SMEs)  53%  
Comparatives not shown unless already reported in the 2024 Sustainability report. 
 
 
 
13 Within ABB the term vendor is the commonly used terminology to cover both 
suppliers and vendors. 

[page 140]
138  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
 
  
METHODOLOGY 
[G1 MDR-M 77 (a)] 
Anti-corruption and anti-bribery training 
In recording the reported percentage of training participants, ABB assesses how 
many of the five functions at-risk have access to ABAC training modules. This is 
done via our Integrity Analytics Dashboard’s underlying employee data, reflecting 
the accessibility of training for our workforce, as well as the relevant coverage of 
integrity training plans at the business area level. 
Incidents of corruption and bribery 
Any investigations concerning potential non-compliance of anti-corruption and 
anti-bribery laws are managed in ABB’s case management system. Any such 
investigation that materializes into a government enforcement matter that could 
trigger a conviction is then logged in our dispute management system. Calculation 
is drawn from data, which is stored within these tools and collected via a Legal & 
Integrity internal questionnaire. 
Payment practices 
[G1-6 33 (d)] Our standard payment terms vary, based on the category of purchase, 
between local business units or the type of business, by region and by legal 
requirements. Payment runs are performed both on regular and case-by-case basis 
(standard and as-per-need scenarios) to facilitate timely payments as per our 
global standard terms. The payment process is monitored to ensure compliance 
(on completeness, approvals, timeliness etc.). We strive to align payments with the 
negotiated terms and to improve vendors’ experience. A specialized team tracks 
on-time payment statistics to prevent late payments to vendors, with automatic 
dashboards to track performance and find areas for improvement. We are building 
visibility for payment execution through navigating internal processes and tools, 
minimizing the impact of delayed payments by prioritizing prompt and equitable 
payment processes, aligned with local and national requirements. 
ABB defines an SME vendor as follows: 
• a vendor with less than 250 employees; 
• has either less than $50 million turnover or less than $43 million balance 
sheet; 
• is not part of a global group where the above is not met; and 
• is not classified as a state-owned company at Moody’s. 
To determine which vendors/suppliers are small or medium-sized, information is 
obtained from Moody’s. If information is not available but the total ABB spend has 
been below $100 thousand in the last twelve months, the vendor/supplier is 
considered an SME. The metrics are not validated by another external body. 
We report the average figures based on the invoices cleared in a reporting year (12 
months rolling). The following assumptions as per calculation methodologies 
apply: 
• We define the contractual or statutory payment term as the invoice due 
date received from the vendor. 
• We define the payment of the invoice as the date of the clearing of the 
invoice. 
• The due date of an invoice is calculated by adding invoice payment terms 
to document the date of an invoice. 

[page 141]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   139  
 AT  ABB  ENVIRONMENTAL  SOCIAL  GOVERNANCE  APPENDICES  
 
 
04 
APPENDICES  
EU Taxonomy: 2025 Tables 140 
Swiss Code of Obligations content index  144 
ESRS Content Index 146 
List of datapoints in cross-cutting and  
topical standards that derive from other EU 
legislation 149 
GRI Disclosure Index 152 
ISSB Disclosure Index 160 
SASB – Electrical & Electronic Equipment 166 
Effects of the sale of Robotics on selected targets 168 
 

[page 142]
140  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 
 
EU TAXONOMY: 2025 TABLES 
ABB GROUP ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES 2025 IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE EU TAXONOMY 
EU TAXONOMY – SUMMARY TABLE 
Proportion of turnover, CapEx, OpEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-eligible or Taxonomy-aligned economic activities – disclosure covering year 2025 (summary 
KPIs) 
                
Financial year 2025    Environmental objective of Taxonomy aligned activities      
KPI Total 
 Proportion of Taxonomy 
 eligible activities 
 Taxonomy aligned 
 activities 
 Proportion of Taxonomy 
 aligned activities 
 Climate Change 
 Mitigation 
 Climate Change 
 Adaptation 
 Water 
 Circular 
 Economy 
 Pollution 
 Biodiversity 
 Proportion of enabling 
 activities 
 Proportion of transitional 
 activities 
 Not assessed activities 
 considered non-material 
 Taxonomy aligned 
 activities in previous 
 financial year 2024 (1) 
 Proportion of Taxonomy 
 aligned activities in 
 previous financial year 
2024 (1) 
Text 
 ($ in 
millions) % 
 ($ in 
millions) % % % % % % % % % % 
 
($million) % 
Turnover 33,220 45% 394 1% 1% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 1% 0% 8% <0.5 <0.5% 
CapEx 1,519 37% 15 1% 1% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 1% 0% 9% 16 1% 
OpEx 1,861 42% 4 <0.5% <0.5% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% <0.5% 0% 7% — 0% 
Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add to the totals provided.   
(1) The detailed 2024 aligned numbers are available in 2024 Sustainability Report following the pre "Omnibus" format. 
                
                
 
 

[page 143]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   141  
 
 
ABB GROUP ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES 2025 IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE EU TAXONOMY 
EU TAXONOMY - TURNOVER 
Proportion of turnover from products or services associated with Taxonomy-eligible or Taxonomy-aligned economic activities – disclosure covering year 2025 (activity breakdown) 
                 
Reported KPI (Turnover)  Turnover            
Financial year 2025      Environmental objective of Taxonomy aligned activities     
Economic activities 
 Code 
 
 Taxonomy eligible KPI 
 (Proportion of Taxonomy 
 eligible Turnover) 
 Taxonomy aligned KPI 
 (monetary value of 
 Turnover) 
 Taxonomy aligned KPI 
 (Proportion of Taxonomy 
 aligned Turnover) 
 
 Climate Change 
 Mitigation 
 Climate Change 
 Adaptation 
 Water 
 Circular 
 Economy 
 Pollution 
 Biodiversity 
 
 Enabling activity 
 Transitional activity 
 Proportion of Taxonomy 
 aligned in Taxonomy 
 eligible 
Text Code   % 
 
($ in 
millions) %  % % % % % %  
(E where 
applicable) 
(T where 
applicable) % 
3.6 Manufacture of other low-carbon 
technologies  CCM 3.6  4% — 0%  0%           E  0% 
3.20 Manufacture, installation, and servicing of 
high, medium and low voltage electrical 
equipment for electrical transmission and 
distribution that result in or enable a substantial 
contribution to climate change mitigation CCM 3.20  34% 365 1%  1%           E  3% 
4.9 Transmission and distribution of electricity  CCM 4.9  <0.5% 29 <0.5%  <0.5%           E  100% 
7.6 Installation, maintenance and repair of 
renewable energy technologies CCM 7.6  <0.5% <0.5 <0.5%  <0.5%           E  100% 
1.2 Manufacture of electrical and electronic 
equipment CE 1.2  6% — 0%      0%        0% 
Sum of Alignment per objective       1% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%     
Total Turnover KPI   45% 394 1%  1% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%  1% 0% 3% 
Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add to the totals provided.  
                 
                 
 

[page 144]
142  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 
 
ABB GROUP ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES 2025 IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE EU TAXONOMY 
EU TAXONOMY - CAPEX 
Proportion of CapEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-eligible or Taxonomy-aligned economic activities – disclosure covering year 2025 (activity breakdown) 
                 
Reported KPI (CapEx)  CapEx            
Financial year 2025      
Environmental objective of Taxonomy aligned 
activities     
Economic activities 
 Code 
 
 Taxonomy eligible KPI 
 (Proportion of 
Taxonomy 
 eligible CapEx) 
 Taxonomy aligned KPI 
 (monetary value of 
 CapEx) 
 Taxonomy aligned KPI 
 (Proportion of 
Taxonomy 
 aligned CapEx) 
 
 Climate Change 
 Mitigation 
 Climate Change 
 Adaptation 
 Water 
 Circular 
 Economy 
 Pollution 
 Biodiversity 
 
 Enabling activity 
 Transitional activity 
 Proportion of Taxonomy 
 aligned in Taxonomy 
 eligible 
Text Code   % 
 
($ in millions) %  % % % % % %  
(E where 
applicable) 
(T where 
applicable) % 
3.6 Manufacture of other low-carbon technologies  CCM 3.6  <0.5% — 0%  0%           E  0% 
3.20 Manufacture, installation, and servicing of high, 
medium and low voltage electrical equipment for electrical 
transmission and distribution that result in or enable a 
substantial contribution to climate change mitigation CCM 3.20  19% 6 <0.5%  <0.5%           E  2% 
4.9 Transmission and distribution of electricity  CCM 4.9  <0.5% <0.5 <0.5%  <0.5%           E  4% 
7.3 Installation, maintenance and repair of energy efficiency 
equipment  CCM 7.3  1% — 0%  0%           E  0% 
7.4 Installation, maintenance and repair of charging 
stations for electric vehicles in buildings CCM 7.4  <0.5% 1 <0.5%  <0.5%           E  93% 
7.5 Installation, maintenance and repair of instruments and 
devices for measuring, regulation and controlling energy 
performance of buildings CCM 7.5  <0.5% <0.5 <0.5%  <0.5%           E  54% 
7.6 Installation, maintenance and repair of renewable 
energy technologies CCM 7.6  <0.5% 3 <0.5%  <0.5%           E  88% 
7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings CCM 7.7  13% 6 <0.5%  <0.5%             3% 
1.2 Manufacture of electrical and electronic equipment CE 1.2  3% — 0%      0%        0% 
Sum of Alignment per objective       1% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%     
Total CapEx KPI   37% 15 1%  1% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%  1% 0% 3% 
Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add to the totals provided.  
 

[page 145]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   143  
 
 
ABB GROUP ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES 2025 IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE EU TAXONOMY 
EU TAXONOMY - OPEX 
Proportion of OpEx from products or services associated with Taxonomy-eligible or Taxonomy-aligned economic activities – disclosure covering year 2025 (activity breakdown) 
                 
Reported KPI (OpEx)  OpEx            
Financial year 2025      Environmental objective of Taxonomy aligned activities     
Economic activities 
 Code 
 
 Taxonomy eligible KPI 
 (Proportion of Taxonomy 
 eligible OpEx) 
 Taxonomy aligned KPI 
 (monetary value of 
 OpEx) 
 Taxonomy aligned KPI 
 (Proportion of Taxonomy 
 aligned OpEx) 
 
 Climate Change 
 Mitigation 
 Climate Change 
 Adaptation 
 Water 
 Circular 
 Economy 
 Pollution 
 Biodiversity 
 
 Enabling activity 
 Transitional activity 
 Proportion of Taxonomy 
 aligned in Taxonomy 
 eligible 
Text Code   % 
 
($ in 
millions) %  % % % % % %  
(E where 
applicable) 
(T where 
applicable) % 
3.6 Manufacture of other low-carbon 
technologies  CCM 3.6  3% — 0%  0%           E  0% 
3.20 Manufacture, installation, and servicing of 
high, medium and low voltage electrical 
equipment for electrical transmission and 
distribution that result in or enable a substantial 
contribution to climate change mitigation CCM 3.20  33% 4 <0.5%  <0.5%           E  1% 
4.9 Transmission and distribution of electricity  CCM 4.9  <0.5% <0.5 <0.5%  <0.5%           E  4% 
7.6 Installation, maintenance and repair of 
renewable energy technologies CCM 7.6  <0.5% <0.5 <0.5%  <0.5%           E  0% 
1.2 Manufacture of electrical and electronic 
equipment CE 1.2  6% — 0%      0%        0% 
Sum of Alignment per objective       <0.5% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%     
Total OpEx KPI   42% 4 <0.5%  <0.5% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%  <0.5% 0% 1% 
Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add to the totals provided.  
                 
                 
 

[page 146]
144  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025  
 
 
 
SWISS CODE OF OBLIGATIONS 
CONTENT INDEX 
This Sustainability Report also covers the reporting requirements as defined under Art. 964a ss. of the Swiss Code of 
Obligations (CO). For easy reference, please find below a table with links to the relevant sections: 
  Page Reference 
Swiss CO - Art. 964b paragraph 2   
1 Description of the business model  Sustainability at ABB -> Strategic approach to sustainability (p. 
23) 
 
More about the ABB’s business model is available in the Financial 
Report 2025 -> Financial review of ABB Group -> About ABB, 
Organizational structure, History of the ABB Group, ABB Today, 
and Businesses.  
2 Materiality assessment  Double Materiality Assessment (p. 28) 
3 Description of policies adopted in relation to:   
 •   Environmental issues, including CO2 goals  Sustainability at ABB -> Sustainability-related policies (p. 39) 
 •   Social issues  Sustainability at ABB -> Sustainability-related policies (p. 39) 
 •   Employee-related issues  Sustainability at ABB -> Sustainability-related policies (p. 39) 
 •   Respect for human rights  Sustainability at ABB -> Sustainability-related policies (p. 39) 
Responsibility for our employees -> Employee-related policies (p. 
98) 
Social protection in the value chain -> Supplier-related policies (p. 
112) 
 •   Combatting corruption  Sustainability at ABB -> Sustainability-related policies (p. 39) 
Governance -> Anti-corruption and anti-bribery (p. 135) 
4 Presentation of the measures taken to 
implement these policies and an assessment of 
the effectiveness of these measures 
 Protecting the climate -> Management of climate change (p. 64) 
Committing to Circularity -> Circularity management (p. 79) 
Water management at ABB -> Water-related actions (p. 87) 
Responsibility for our employees -> Employee-related actions (p. 
101) 
Social protection in the value chain -> Actions for workers in the 
value chain (p. 117) 
Protecting vulnerable communities -> Taking action in 
communities (p. 123) 
Good business conduct (p. 128) 
5 Description of the main risks related to the 
matters referred above and how ABB is dealing 
with these risks, in particular: 
  
 a.   Risks that arise from ABB’s own business 
operations, and 
 Sustainability at ABB -> Material impacts, risks, and opportunities 
(p. 27) 
 
 b.   Risks that arise from ABB’s business 
relationships, products or services (to the 
extent relevant and proportionate) 
 Sustainability at ABB -> Material impacts, risks, and opportunities 
(p. 27) 
 
6 The main performance indicators for ABB’s 
activities in relation to the matters referred to 
above 
 
Protecting the climate (p. 51) 
Committing to Circularity (p. 77) 
Water management at ABB (p. 86) 
Responsibility for our employees (p. 97) 
Social protection in the value chain (p. 112) 
Good business conduct (p. 128) 
 
ABB has not set performance indicators in relation to 'Protecting 
vulnerable communities' and 'Protecting consumers'. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 147]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   145  
 
 
  Page Reference 
Swiss CO - Art. 964j and the Ordinance on Due Diligence 
and Transparency in Relation to Minerals and Metals 
from Conflict-Affected Areas and Child Labor 
  
 Conflict Minerals  Other reporting principles-> Swiss Code of Obligations (p. 13) 
 Child labor  Other reporting principles-> Swiss Code of Obligations (p. 13) 
Swiss CO – Ordinance on Climate Disclosures   
 We fulfill the Swiss Ordinance on Climate Disclosures via relevant ESRS sections; please refer to the ESRS Index table 
for disclosures under ESRS E-1. Certain disclosures, primarily the risk quantification, are not yet reported. 
  
    

[page 148]
146  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT  2025  
 
 
 
ESRS CONTENT INDEX 
ESRS reference Name  Page  ESRS reference Name  Page 
ESRS 2 GENERAL DISCLOSURES   ESRS E ENVIRONMENTAL DISCLOSURES  
ESRS 2 BP-1 General basis for preparation of sustainability statements  11  E1 CLIMATE CHANGE  
ESRS 2 BP-2 Disclosures in relation to specific circumstances  12  E1 GOV-3 Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive schemes  20 
ESRS 2 GOV-1 The role of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies  14  (specific on climate)  
ESRS 2 GOV-2 Information provided to and sustainability matters addressed by the 
undertaking’s administrative, management and supervisory bodies  18 
 
E1-1 Transition plan for climate change mitigation  51 
ESRS 2 GOV-3 Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive schemes  19 
 
E1 SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with 
strategy and business model 57 
ESRS 2 GOV-4 Statement on due diligence 20 
 
E1 IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess climate -related 
material impacts, risks and opportunities 59 
ESRS 2 GOV-5 Internal controls over sustainability reporting  22  E1-2 Policies related to climate change mitigation and adaptation  62 
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Strategy, business model and value chain 23  E1-3 Actions and resources in relation to climate change policies  64 
ESRS 2 SBM-2 Interests and views of stakeholders 24  E1-4 Targets related to climate change mitigation and adaptation  62 
ESRS 2 SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with 
strategy and business model 27 
 
E1-5 Energy consumption and mix 66 
ESRS 2 IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess material impacts, 
risks and opportunities 28 
 
E1-6 Gross scopes 1, 2, 3 and total GHG emissions  67 
ESRS 2 IRO-2 Disclosure requirements in ESRS covered by the undertaking’s 
sustainability statement 38 
 
E1-7 GHG removals and GHG mitigation projects financed through carbon 
credits 57 
ESRS 2 MDR-P 
Policies adopted to manage material sustainability matters  39  E1-8 Internal carbon pricing 57 
– see also topical chapters –  
 
E1-9 Anticipated financial effects from material physical and transition risks 
and potential climate-related opportunities 75 
ESRS 2 MDR-A 
Actions and resources in relation to material sustainability matters    E3 WATER AND MARINE RESOURCES  
– see topical chapters –  
 
E3 IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess material water and 
marine resources-related impacts, risks and opportunities  86 
ESRS 2 MDR-M Metrics in relation to material sustainability matters    E3-1 Policies related to water and marine resources  86 
– see topical chapters –   E3-2 Actions and resources related to water and marine resources  87 
ESRS 2 MDR-T Tracking effectiveness of policies and actions through targets  47  E3-3 Targets related to water and marine resources  87 
– see also topical chapters –   E3-4 Water consumption 87 
  

[page 149]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   147  
 
 
ESRS reference Name  Page  ESRS reference Name  Page 
E5 RESOURCE USE AND CIRCULAR ECONOMY    S1-10 Adequate wages 107 
E5 IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess material resource 
use and circular economy-related impacts, risks and opportunities  77 
 
S1-14 Health and safety metrics 107 
E5-1 Policies related to resource use and circular economy  77  S1-16 Compensation metrics (pay gap and total compensation)  108 
E5-2 Actions and resources related to resource use and circular economy  79  S1-17 Incidents, complaints and severe human rights impacts  108 
E5-3 Targets related to resource use and circular economy  78  S2 WORKERS IN THE VALUE CHAIN  
E5-4 Resource inflows 81 
 
S2 SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with 
strategy and business model 112 
E5-5 Resource outflows 81  S2-1 Policies related to value chain workers 113 
 EU Taxonomy: Disclosures for financial year 2025  89  S2-2 Processes for engaging with value chain workers about impacts  114 
ESRS S SOCIAL DISCLOSURES  
 
S2-3 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for value chain 
workers to raise concerns 115 
S1 OWN WORKFORCE  
 
S2-4 
Taking action on material topics on own workforce, and approaches to 
mitigating material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to 
value chain workers, and effectiveness of those actions  
117 
S1 SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with 
strategy and business model 97 
 
S2-5 Targets relating to managing material negative impacts, advancing 
positive impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities  115 
S1-1 Policies related to own workforce 98  S3 AFFECTED COMMUNITIES   
S1-2 Processes for engaging with own workers and workers’ representatives 
about impacts 98 
 
S3 SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with 
strategy and business model 121 
S1-3 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workers 
to raise concerns 100 
 
S3-1 Policies related to affected communities 121 
S1-4 
Taking action on material topics on own workforce, and approaches to 
mitigating material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to 
own workforce, and effectiveness of those actions  
101 
 
S3-2 Processes for engaging with affected communities about impacts  122 
S1-5 Targets relating to managing material negative impacts, advancing 
positive impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities  100 
 
S3-3 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for affected 
communities to raise concerns 122 
S1-6 Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees  105 
 
S3-4 
Taking action on material topics on own workforce, and approaches to 
mitigating material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to 
affected communities, and effectiveness of those actions  
123 
S1-8 Collective bargaining coverage and social dialogue  106 
 
S3-5 Targets relating to managing material negative impacts, advancing 
positive impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities  122 
S1-9 Diversity metrics 106     
       
  

[page 150]
148  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT  2025  
 
 
 
S4 CONSUMERS AND END-USERS  
S4 SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with 
strategy and business model 125 
S4-1 Policies related to consumers and end-users 125 
S4-3 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for consumers 
and end-users to raise concerns 125 
S4-4 
Taking action on material topics on own workforce, and approaches to 
mitigating material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to 
consumers and end-users, and effectiveness of those actions  
126 
S4-5 Targets relating to managing material negative impacts, advancing 
positive impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities  126 
ESRS G GOVERNANCE DISCLOSURES  
G1 BUSINESS CONDUCT  
G1 GOV-1 The role of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies  128 
G1-IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess material impacts, 
risks and opportunities 128 
G1-1 Corporate culture and business conduct policies  129 
G1-2 Management of relationships with suppliers 132 
G1-3 Prevention and detection of corruption and bribery  135 
G1-4 Confirmed incidents of corruption or bribery  137 
G1-6 Payment practices 137 
   
   
   
 

[page 151]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   149  
 
 
LIST OF DATAPOINTS IN CROSS-CUTTING AND TOPICAL 
STANDARDS THAT DERIVE FROM OTHER EU LEGISLATION 
ESRS reference  Name Location Legislation 
ESRS 2 GOV-1 21 (d) Board's gender diversity p. 16 SFDR, BRR 
ESRS 2 GOV-1 21 (e) Percentage of Board members who are independent p. 16 BRR 
ESRS 2 GOV-4 30 Statement on due diligence  p. 20 SFDR 
ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 (d) i Involvement in activities related to fossil fuel activities not material SFDR, P3, BRR 
ESRS 2 SBM-1 41 (d) ii Involvement in activities related to chemical production not material SFDR, BRR 
ESRS 2 SBM-1 42 (d) iii Involvement in activities related to controversial weapons not material SFDR, BRR 
ESRS 2 SBM-1 43 (d) iv Involvement in activities related to cultivation and production of tobacco not material BRR 
ESRS E1-1 14 Transition plan to reach climate neutrality by 2050 p. 51 EUCL 
ESRS E1-1 16 (g) Undertakings excluded from Paris-aligned benchmarks p. 56 P3, BRR 
ESRS E1-4 34 GHG emission reduction targets p. 62 SFDR, P3, BRR 
ESRS E1-5 38 Energy consumption from fossil sources disaggregated by sources (only high 
climate impact sectors)  p. 66 SFDR 
ESRS E1-5 37 Energy consumption and mix p. 66 SFDR 
ESRS E1-5 40-43 Energy intensity associated with activities in high climate impact sectors p. 67 SFDR 
ESRS E1-6 44 Gross scope 1, 2, 3 and total GHG emissions p. 67 SFDR, P3, BRR 
ESRS E1-6 53-55 Gross GHG emissions intensity p. 69, 74 SFDR, P3, BRR 
ESRS E1-7 56 GHG removals and carbon credits not material EUCL 
ESRS E1-9 66 Exposure of the benchmark portfolio to climate-related physical risks not material BRR 
ESRS E1-9 66 (a) Disaggregation of monetary amounts by acute and chronic physical risk not material P3 
ESRS E1-9 66 (c) Location of significant assets at material physical risk p. 75 P3 
ESRS E1-9  67 (c) Breakdown of the carrying value of its real estate assets by energy-efficiency 
classes not material P3 
ESRS E1-9 69 Degree of exposure of the portfolio to climate-related opportunities not material BRR 
  

[page 152]
150  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT  2025  
 
 
 
ESRS reference  Name Location Legislation 
ESRS E2-4 28 Amount of each pollutant listed in Annex II of the E-PRTR Regulation (European 
Pollutant Release and Transfer Register) emitted to air, water and soil, §28 not material SFDR 
ESRS E3-1 9 Water and marine resources not material SFDR 
ESRS E3-1 13 Dedicated policy p. 86 SFDR 
ESRS E3-1 14 Sustainable oceans and seas  not material SFDR 
ESRS E3-4 28 (c)  Total water recycled and reused not material SFDR 
ESRS E3-4 29 Total water consumption in m3 per net revenue on own operations not material SFDR 
ESRS 2- SBM 3 - E4  16 (a) i Activities negatively affecting biodiversity-sensitive areas not material SFDR 
ESRS 2- SBM 3 - E4  16 (b) Land degradation, desertification or soil sealing not material SFDR 
ESRS 2- SBM 3 - E4 16 (c)  Threatened species not material SFDR 
ESRS E4-2 24 (b) Sustainable land/agriculture practices or policies not material SFDR 
ESRS E4-2 24 (c)  Sustainable oceans/seas practices or policies not material SFDR 
ESRS E4-2 24 (d)  Policies to address deforestation not material SFDR 
ESRS E5-5 37 (d)  Non-recycled waste p. 83 SFDR 
ESRS E5-5 39 Hazardous waste and radioactive waste p. 83 SFDR 
ESRS 2 SBM-3 - S1 14 (f) Risk of incidents of forced labor p. 97 SFDR 
ESRS 2 SBM-3 - S1 14 (g)  Risk of incidents of child labor not material SFDR 
ESRS S1-1 20 Human rights policy commitments p. 98 SFDR 
ESRS S1-1 21 Due diligence policies on issues addressed by the fundamental International 
Labor Organisation Conventions 1 to 8 p. 98 BRR 
ESRS S1-1 22 Processes and measures for preventing trafficking in human beings not material SFDR 
ESRS S1-1 23 Workplace accident prevention policy or management system p. 98 SFDR 
ESRS S1-3 32 (c) Grievance/complaints handling mechanisms p. 100 SFDR 
  

[page 153]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   151  
 
 
ESRS reference  Name Location Legislation 
ESRS S1-14 88 (b), (c) Number of fatalities and number and rate of work-related accidents  p. 107 SFDR, BRR 
ESRS S1-14 88 (e) Number of days lost to injuries, accidents, fatalities or illness p. 107 SFDR 
ESRS S1-16 97 (a)  Unadjusted gender pay gap p. 108 SFDR, BRR 
ESRS S1-16 97 (b)  Excessive CEO pay ratio p. 108 SFDR 
ESRS S1-17 103 (a)  Incidents of discrimination  p. 108 SFDR 
ESRS S1-17  104 (a) Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and Human Rights and OECD Guidelines p. 108 SFDR, BRR 
ESRS 2 SBM-3 – S2 11 (b) Significant risk of child labor or forced labor in the value chain  p. 112 SFDR 
ESRS S2-1 17 Human rights policy commitments  p. 113 SFDR 
ESRS S2-1  18 Policies related to value chain workers p. 113 SFDR 
ESRS S2-1 19 Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and Human Rights principles and OECD 
guidelines  
phase-in provision 
applied SFDR, BRR 
ESRS S2-1 19 Due diligence policies on issues addressed by the fundamental International 
Labor Organisation Conventions 1 to 8 p. 113 BRR 
ESRS S2-4 36 Human rights issues and incidents connected to its upstream and downstream 
value chain  p. 119 SFDR 
ESRS S3-1 16 Human rights policy commitments p. 121 SFDR 
ESRS S3-1 17 Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and Human Rights, ILO principles or OECD 
guidelines 
phase-in provision 
applied SFDR, BRR 
ESRS S3-4 36 Human rights issues and incidents  phase-in provision 
applied SFDR 
ESRS S4-1  16 Policies related to consumers and end-users  phase-in provision 
applied SFDR 
ESRS S4-1 17 Non-respect of UNGPs on Business and Human Rights and OECD guidelines phase-in provision 
applied SFDR, BRR 
ESRS S4-4 35 Human rights issues and incidents  phase-in provision 
applied SFDR 
ESRS G1-1 10 (b) United Nations Convention against Corruption p. 129 SFDR 
ESRS G1-1 10 (d) Protection of whistleblowers  p. 129 SFDR 
ESRS G1-4 24 (a) Fines for violation of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws p. 137 SFDR, BRR 
ESRS G1-4 24 (b) Standards of anti-corruption and anti-bribery  p. 137 SFDR 
 

[page 154]
152  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT  2025  
 
 
 
GRI DISCLOSURE INDEX 
 
GRI  Disclosure ESRS Datapoint Location of disclosure 
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021 
2-2 Entities included in the organization’s 
sustainability reporting ESRS 2 BP-1 5 (a) and (b) i Sustainability at ABB -> Approach to reporting (p. 11) 
2-4 Restatements of information ESRS 2 BP-2 13 and 14 (a) to (b) Sustainability at ABB -> Other reporting principles (p. 12) 
2-6 Activities, value chain and other 
business relationships ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 (a) i - ii and (a) iv, (b), 42 (c) Sustainability at ABB -> Strategic approach to 
sustainability (p. 23) 
2-7 Employees ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 (a) iii;  
S1-6 50 (a) - (b) and (d) - (e) 
Responsibility for our employees -> Facts & figures Own 
employees  (p. 105)  
2-9 Governance structure and composition ESRS 2 GOV-1 21, 22 (a), 23 (a) and (b);  
G1 GOV-1 5 (b) 
Sustainability at ABB ->  Governance of sustainability at 
ABB  (p. 14) 
Good business conduct -> Role of the administrative, 
supervisory an management bodies (p. 128) 
2-12 Role of the highest governance body 
in overseeing the management of impacts 
ESRS 2 GOV-1 22 (c);  
ESRS 2 GOV-2 26 (a) - (b); 
ESRS 2 SBM-2 45 (d); 
G1 GOV-1 5 (a) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Governance of sustainability at 
ABB (p. 14) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Sustainability as a management 
topic (p. 18) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Stakeholder engagement (p. 26)  
Good business conduct -> Role of the administrative, 
supervisory an management bodies (p. 128) 
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for 
managing impacts 
ESRS 2 GOV-1 22 (c) i - ii; 
ESRS 2 GOV-2 26 (a) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Governance of sustainability at 
ABB (p. 14) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Sustainability as a management 
topic  (p. 18) 
2-14 Role of the highest governance body 
in sustainability reporting ESRS 2 IRO-1 53 (d) Sustainability at ABB -> Double Materiality Assessment (p. 
29) 
2-16 Communication of critical concerns ESRS 2 GOV-2 26 (a);  
G1-3 18 (c) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Sustainability as a management 
topic (p. 18)  
Good business conduct -> Anti-corruption and anti-bribery 
(p. 135) 

[page 155]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   153  
 
 
GRI  Disclosure ESRS Datapoint Location of disclosure 
2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest 
governance body ESRS 2 GOV-1 23 Sustainability at ABB -> Governance of sustainability at 
ABB  (p. 17) 
2-19 Remuneration policies E1 GOV-3 13;  
ESRS 2 GOV-3 29 (a) - (c) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Incentives for sustainability  (p. 20) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Incentives for sustainability  (p. 19) 
2-20 Process to determine remuneration ESRS 2 GOV-3 29 (e) Sustainability at ABB -> Incentives for sustainability  (p. 19) 
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio S1-16 97 (b) - (c) Responsibility for our employees -> Facts & figures Own 
employees (p. 108) 
2-22 Statement on sustainable 
development strategy ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 (g) Sustainability at ABB -> Strategic approach to 
sustainability (p. 23) 
2-23 Policy commitments 
ESRS 2 GOV-4;  
ESRS 2 MDR-P 65 (b) - (c) and (f); 
S1-1 19-21, 24 (c); 
S2-1 17 and 19; 
S3-1 16 and 17  
Sustainability at ABB -> Due diligence (p. 20) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Sustainability-related policies (p. 
39)  
Responsibility for our employees -> Employee-related 
policies (p. 98) 
Social protection in the value chain -> Supplier-related 
policies  (p. 113) 
Protecting vulnerable communities -> Community-related 
policies (p. 121) 
2-24 Embedding policy commitments 
ESRS 2 GOV-2 26 (b);  
ESRS 2 MDR-P 65 (c); 
G1-1 9 and 10 (g)  
Sustainability at ABB -> Sustainability as a management 
topic (p. 18) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Sustainability-related policies (p. 
39) 
Good business conduct -> Business conduct-related 
policies (p. 129) 
Good business conduct -> Business conduct-related 
policies (p. 131) 

[page 156]
154  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT  2025  
 
 
 
GRI  Disclosure ESRS Datapoint Location of disclosure 
2-25 Processes to remediate negative 
impacts 
S1-1 20 (c); 
S1-3 32 (a) - (e) and 33; 
S2-1 17 (c); 
S2-3 27 (a) - (d), 28; 
S2-4 33 (c);  
S3-1 16 (c);  
S3-3 27 (a) 
Responsibility for our employees-> Employee-related 
policies (p. 98);  
Responsibility for our employees-> Channels available to 
raise concerns (p. 100) 
Social protection in the value chain -> Supplier-related 
policies  (p. 113)  
Social protection in the value chain -> Channels available 
to raise concerns (p. 115) 
Social protection in the value chain -> Actions for workers 
in the value chain (p. 118) 
Protecting vulnerable communities -> Community-related 
policies (p. 121)  
Protecting vulnerable communities -> Channels available 
to raise concerns  (p. 122) 
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and 
raising concerns 
G1-1 10 (a);  
G1-3 18 (a) 
Good business conduct -> Business conduct-related 
policies (p. 129) 
Good business conduct -> Anti-corruption and anti-bribery 
(p. 135) 
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations 
ESRS 2 SBM-3 48 (d);  
S1-17 103 and 104 (b); 
G1-4 24 (a) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Material impacts, risks and 
opportunities (p. 28) 
Responsibility for our employees -> Facts & figures Own 
employees  (p. 108) 
Good business conduct -> Facts & figures Business 
conduct  (p. 137) 
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement 
ESRS 2 SBM-2 45 (a) i to (a) v; 
S1-1 20 (b);  
S1-2 27 (e) and 28 
S2-1 17 (b);  
S2-2 22 (e) and 23 
S3-1 16 (b) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Stakeholder engagement (p. 24)  
Responsibility for our employees -> Involving employees 
(p. 98) 
Social protection in the value chain -> Supplier-related 
policies (p. 113) 
Social protection in the value chain -> Engaging with value 
chain workers (p. 114) 
Protecting vulnerable communities  -> Community-related 
policies (p. 121) 
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements S1-8 60 (a) Responsibility for our employees -> Facts & figures Own 
employees (p. 106) 

[page 157]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   155  
 
 
GRI  Disclosure ESRS Datapoint Location of disclosure 
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021 
3-1 Process to determine material topics ESRS 2 IRO-1 53 (b) ii - iv Sustainability at ABB -> Double Materiality Assessment (p. 
28) 
3-2 List of material topics ESRS 2 SBM-3 48 (a) and (g) Sustainability at ABB -> Material impacts, risks and 
opportunities (p. 27) 
3-3 Management of material topics 
ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 (e);  
ESRS 2 SBM-3 48 (c) i and iv;  
ESRS 2 MDR 62 and MDR-P 65 (a);  
ESRS 2 MDR 62 and MDR-A 68 (a) and (d);  
ESRS 2 MDR-M 72, 75;  
MDR 72, MDR-T 80 (b) and (j), 81 (a) - (b);  
ESRS 2 BP-2 17 (b) - (e);  
S1-2 27;  
S1-4 39;  
S1-5 7 (b) - (c);  
S2-2 22;  
S2-4 33 
Sustainability at ABB -> Strategic approach to 
sustainability (p. 23) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Material impacts, risks and 
opportunities (p. 27) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Sustainability-related targets (p. 
48) 
Responsibility for our employees -> Involving employees 
(p. 98) 
Responsibility for our employees -> Employee-related 
actions (p. 101) 
Responsibility for our employees -> Own workforce-
related targets (p. 100) 
Social protection in the value chain -> Engaging with value 
chain workers (p. 114) 
Social protection in the value chain -> Actions for workers 
in the value chain (p. 117) 
GRI 101: 
Biodiversity 2024 
101-1 Policies to halt and reverse 
biodiversity loss 
ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 (e);  
ESRS 2 SBM-3 48 (c) i and iv;  
ESRS 2 MDR-P/A 62, MDR-P 65 (a); MDR-A §68 (a) and 
(d);  
ESRS 2 MDR-M 72, 75;  
ESRS 2 MDR-T 72, 80 (b) and (j), 81 (a) to (b);  
ESRS 2 BP-2 17 (b) to (e);  
S1-2 27;  
S1-4 39;  
S1-5 47 (b) to (c);  
S2-2 22;  
S2-4 33 
Sustainability at ABB -> Strategic approach to 
sustainability (p. 23) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Material impacts, risks and 
opportunities (p. 27) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Sustainability-related targets (p. 
48) 
Responsibility for our employees -> Involving employees 
(p. 98) 
Responsibility for our employees -> Employee-related 
actions (p. 101) 
Responsibility for our employees -> Own workforce-
related targets (p. 100) 
Social protection in the value chain -> Engaging with value 
chain workers (p. 114) 
Social protection in the value chain -> Actions for workers 
in the value chain (p. 117) 

[page 158]
156  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT  2025  
 
 
 
GRI  Disclosure ESRS Datapoint Location of disclosure 
101-6 Direct drivers of biodiversity loss 
E2 IRO-1 AR 9;  
E3-4 28 (e);  
E3 AR29 
Sustainability at ABB -> Double materiality assessment -> 
DMA update 2025 (p. 30) 
Water management at ABB -> Facts & figures water (p. 88) 
101-8 Ecosystem services S3 SBM-3 9 (a) and (c) Protecting vulnerable communities ->Impacts and 
opportunities (p. 121) 
GRI 201: Economic 
Performance 2016 
201-1 Direct economic value generated and 
distributed ESRS 2 SBM-1 40 (b) Sustainability at ABB -> Strategic approach to 
sustainability (p. 23) 
201-2 Financial implications and other 
risks and opportunities due to climate 
change 
ESRS 2 SBM-3 48 (a) and (d);  
E1 SBM-3 18 
Sustainability at ABB -> Material impacts, risks and 
opportunities (p. 27) 
Protecting the climate -> Climate risks: physical and 
transitional (p. 57) 
GRI 202: Market 
Presence 2016 
202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage 
by gender compared to local minimum 
wage 
S1-10 69 - 70 and AR72 -73 Responsibility for our employees -> Facts & figures Own 
employees (p. 107) 
GRI 205: Anti-
corruption 2016 
205-2 Communication and training about 
anti-corruption policies and procedures G1-3 20, 21 (b) and (c)  
Good business conduct  -> Business conduct-related 
policies (p. 129)  
Good business conduct  -> Anti-corruption and anti-
bribery  (p. 136) 
GRI 301: Materials 
2016 
301-1 Materials used by weight or volume E5-4 31 (a) Committing to circularity  -> Facts & figures Resource use 
and circular economy  (p. 81) 
301-2 Recycled input materials used E5-4 31 (c) Committing to circularity  -> Facts & figures Resource use 
and circular economy  (p. 81) 
GRI 302: Energy 
2016 
302-1 Energy consumption within the 
organization E1-5 37 and 38 Protecting the climate -> Facts & figures Energy (p. 66) 
302-3 Energy intensity E1-5 40 Protecting the climate -> Facts & figures Energy (p. 67) 
GRI 303: Water 
and Effluents 2018 
303-1 Interactions with water as a shared 
resource 
E3 SBM-3 48 (c) i and iv;  
E3 IRO-1 8 (a) and (b);  
E3-3 25 
Sustainability at ABB -> Material impacts, risks and 
opportunities (p. 27) 
Water management at ABB -> Water as a material topic (p. 
86) 
Water management at ABB -> Water-related targets (p. 87) 
303-5 Water consumption E3-4 28 (b) and (e) Water management at ABB -> Facts & figures Water (p. 87) 
GRI 305: 
Emissions 2016 305-1 Direct (scope 1) GHG emissions 
E1-6 44;  
E1 AR25 (b);  
E1 AR39 (b);  
E1 AR43 (c)  
Protecting the climate -> Greenhouse gas emissions (p. 
68) 
Protecting the climate -> Greenhouse gas emissions (p. 
63) 

[page 159]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   157  
 
 
GRI  Disclosure ESRS Datapoint Location of disclosure 
Protecting the climate -> Greenhouse gas emissions (p. 
69) 
305-2 Energy indirect (scope 2) GHG 
emissions 
E1-6 44;  
E1 AR25 (b);  
E1 AR39 (b);  
E1 AR45 (d) 
Protecting the climate -> Greenhouse gas emissions (p. 
68) 
Protecting the climate -> Greenhouse gas emissions (p. 
63) 
Protecting the climate -> Greenhouse gas emissions (p. 
69) 
305-3 Other indirect (scope 3) GHG 
emissions 
E1-6 44;  
E1 AR25 (b);  
E1 AR39 (b);  
E1 AR45 (j);  
E1 AR46 (d), (g), (h), (i) 
Protecting the climate -> Greenhouse gas emissions (p. 
69) 
Protecting the climate -> Greenhouse gas emissions (p. 
63) 
Protecting the climate -> Greenhouse gas emissions (p. 
69) 
305-4 GHG emissions intensity E1-6 53 Protecting the climate -> Greenhouse gas emissions (p. 
69) 
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 
E1-3 29 (b);  
E1-4 34 (a) - (c);  
E1 AR25 (b) 
Protecting the climate -> Management of climate change 
(p. 64)  
Protecting the climate -> Climate change-related targets 
(p. 62) 
Protecting the climate -> Climate change-related targets 
(p. 63) 
GRI 306: Waste 
2020 
306-1 Waste generation and significant 
waste-related impacts 
E5 SBM-3 48 (a), (c) ii and iv;  
E5-4 30  
Sustainability at ABB -> Material impacts, risks and 
opportunities (p. 27) 
Commiting to circularity -> Facts & figures Resource use 
and circular economy (p. 81) 
306-2 Management of significant waste-
related impacts 
E5-2 19;  
E5-5 40  
Commiting to circularity -> Circularity management (p. 79) 
Commiting to circularity -> Facts & figures Resource use 
and circular economy (p. 84) 
306-3 Waste generated E5-5 37 (a), 38 - 40 
Commiting to circularity -> Facts & figures Resource use 
and circular economy (p. 83) 
Commiting to circularity -> Facts & figures Resource use 
and circular economy (p. 82) 
Commiting to circularity -> Facts & figures Resource use 
and circular economy (p. 84) 

[page 160]
158  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT  2025  
 
 
 
GRI  Disclosure ESRS Datapoint Location of disclosure 
306-4 Waste diverted from disposal E5-5 37 (b) and (c), 38 and 40 
Commiting to circularity -> Facts & figures Resource use 
and circular economy (p.78) 
Commiting to circularity -> Facts & figures Resource use 
and circular economy (p.77) 
Commiting to circularity -> Facts & figures Resource use 
and circular economy (p.79) 
306-5 Waste directed to disposal E5-5 37 (c), 38 and 40 
Commiting to circularity -> Facts & figures Resource use 
and circular economy (p. 83) 
Commiting to circularity -> Facts & figures Resource use 
and circular economy (p. 82) 
Commiting to circularity -> Facts & figures Resource use 
and circular economy (p. 84) 
GRI 308: Supplier 
Environmental 
Assessment 2016 
308-1 New suppliers that were screened 
using environmental criteria G1-2 15 (b) Good business conduct -> Management of supplier 
relationships (p. 133) 
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in 
the supply chain and actions taken S2 SBM-3 48 (c) i and iv Sustainability at ABB -> Material impacts, risks and 
opportunities (p. 27) 
GRI 401: 
Employment 2016 
401-1 New employee hires and employee 
turnover S1-6 50 (c)  Responsibility for our employees -> Facts & figures Own 
employees (p. 105) 
GRI 403: 
Occupational 
Health and Safety 
2018 
403-1 Occupational health and safety 
management system S1-1 23 Responsibility for our employees -> Employee-related 
policies (p. 98) 
403-2 Hazard identification, risk 
assessment, and incident investigation S1-3 32 (b) and 33 Responsibility for our employees -> Channels available to 
raise concerns (p. 100) 
403-7 Prevention and mitigation of 
occupational health and safety impacts 
directly linked by business relationships 
S2 S2-4 32 (a) Social protection in the value chain -> Actions for workers 
in the value chain (p. 117) 
403-8 Workers covered by an occupational 
health and safety management system S1-14 88 (a) Responsibility for our employees -> Facts & figures Own 
employees (p. 107) 
403-9 Work-related injuries 
S1-4, 38 (a);  
S1-14 88 (b) - (c) and (e);  
S1 AR82 
Responsibility for our employees -> Employee-related 
actions (p. 101)  
Responsibility for our employees -> Facts & figures Own 
employees (p. 107) 
403-10 Work-related ill health 
S1-4, 38 (a);  
S1-14 88 (b) and (d);  
S1 AR82 
Responsibility for our employees -> Employee-related 
actions (p. 101)  
Responsibility for our employees -> Facts & figures Own 
employees (p. 107) 

[page 161]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   159  
 
 
GRI  Disclosure ESRS Datapoint Location of disclosure 
GRI 405: Diversity 
and Equal 
Opportunity 2016 
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and 
employees 
G1 GOV-1 21 (d);  
S1-6 50 (a); 
S1-9 66 (a) and (b) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Governance of sustainability at 
ABB (p. 16) 
Responsibility for our employees -> Facts & figures Own 
employees (p. 105) 
Responsibility for our employees -> Facts & figures Own 
employees (p. 106) 
405-2 Ratio of basic salary and 
remuneration of women to men S1-16 97  Responsibility for our employees -> Facts & figures Own 
employees (p. 108) 
GRI 406: Non-
discrimination 
2016 
406-1 Incidents of discrimination and 
corrective actions taken 
S1-17 103 (a),  
S1 AR103 
Responsibility for our employees -> Facts & figures Own 
employees (p. 108) 
GRI 408: Child 
Labor 2016 
408-1 Operations and suppliers at 
significant risk for incidents of child labor 
S2 SBM-3 11 (b);  
S2-1 18 
Social protection in the value chain -> Involvement of value 
chain workers (p. 112) 
Social protection in the value chain -> Supplier-related 
policies (p. 113) 
GRI 409: Forced or 
Compulsory Labor 
2016 
409-1 Operations and suppliers at 
significant risk for incidents of forced or 
compulsory labor 
S2 SBM-3 11 (b);  
S2-1 18 
Social protection in the value chain -> Involvement of value 
chain workers (p. 112) 
Social protection in the value chain -> Supplier-related 
policies (p. 113) 
GRI 411: Rights of 
Indigenous 
Peoples 2016 
411-1 Incidents of violations involving 
rights of indigenous peoples S3-1 16 (c) Protecting vulnerable communities -> Community-related 
policies (p. 121) 
GRI 413: Local 
Communities 
2016 
413-2 Operations with significant actual 
and potential negative impacts on local 
communities 
S3 SBM-3 48 (c) i and iv; 
S3 AR17;  
S3 SBM-3 9 (a) i, (b) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Material impacts, risks and 
opportunities  (p. 27)  
Protecting vulnerable communities -> Impacts and 
opportunities (p. 121) 
GRI 414: Supplier 
Social Assessment 
2016 
414-1 New suppliers that were screened 
using social criteria G1-2 15 (b) Good Business Conduct -> Management of supplier 
relationships (p. 133) 
414-2 Negative social impacts in the 
supply chain and actions taken S2 SBM-3 48 (c) i and iv Sustainability at ABB ->  Material impacts, risks and 
opportunities (p. 27) 
 

[page 162]
160  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT  2025  
 
 
 
ISSB DISCLOSURE INDEX 
 
ISSB Standards Description ESRS Datapoint Location of disclosure 
GOVERNANCE    
IFRS S2.6(a)(i) 
IFRS S2.6(a)(ii) 
IFRS S2.6(a)(iii) 
IFRS S2.6(a)(iv) 
IFRS S2.6(a)(v) 
The governance body(s) (which can include a board, committee or equivalent body charged with governance) or 
individual(s) responsible for oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities. Specifically, the entity shall 
identify that body(s) or individual(s) and disclose information about: 
(i) how responsibilities for climate-related risks and opportunities are reflected in the terms of reference, 
mandates, role descriptions and other related policies applicable to that body(s) or individual(s); 
(ii) how the body(s) or individual(s) determines whether appropriate skills and competencies are available or will be 
developed to oversee strategies designed to respond to climate related risks and opportunities; 
(iii) how and how often the body(s) or individual(s) is informed about climate-related risks and opportunities; 
(iv) how the body(s) or individual(s) takes into account climate related risks and opportunities when overseeing the 
entity’s strategy, its decisions on major transactions and its risk management processes and related policies, 
including whether the body(s) or individual(s) has considered trade-offs associated with those risks and 
opportunities; and 
(v) how the body(s) or individual(s) oversees the setting of targets related to climate-related risks and 
opportunities, and monitors progress towards those targets, including whether and how related performance 
metrics are included in remuneration policies). 
ESRS 2 22 (a) 
ESRS 2 22 (b) 
ESRS 2 23 
ESRS 2 26 (a) 
ESRS 2 26 (b) 
ESRS 2 22 (d) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Governance of sustainability at ABB (p. 14) 
 
Sustainability at ABB -> Governance of sustainability at ABB (p. 17) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Sustainability as a management topic (p. 18) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Double Materiality Assessment (p. 28) 
IFRS S1.21(b) The connections between disclosures provided by the entity: 
(i) within its sustainability-related financial disclosures—such as connections between disclosures on governance, 
strategy, risk management and metrics and targets; and 
(ii) across its sustainability-related financial disclosures and other general purpose financial reports published by 
the entity—such as its related financial statements. 
ESRS 2 29 (b)-(c) 
E1 GOV-3 13 
ESRS 1 124* 
Sustainability at ABB -> Incentives for sustainability (p. 19) 
IFRS S2.6(b) Management’s role in the governance processes, controls and procedures used to monitor, manage and oversee 
climate-related risks and opportunities, including information about: 
(i) whether the role is delegated to a specific management-level position or management-level committee and how 
oversight is exercised over that position or committee; and 
(ii) whether management uses controls and procedures to support the oversight of climate-related risks and 
opportunities and, if so, how these controls and procedures are integrated with other internal functions. 
ESRS 2 22 (c) 
ESRS 2 22 (c) (i) 
ESRS 2.22 (c) (iii) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Governance of sustainability at ABB (p. 14) 
IFRS S2.6(b)(i) 
IFRS S2.6(b)(ii) 
STRATEGY    
Climate-related risks and 
opportunities 
   
IFRS S2.10(a) Climate-related risks and opportunities that could reasonably be expected to affect the entity’s prospects. ESRS 2 48 (a) Sustainability at ABB -> Material impacts, risks, and opportunities (p. 
27) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Double Materiality Assessment (p. 32) 
IFRS S2.10(b) For each climate-related risk the entity has identified, whether the entity considers the risk to be a climate-related 
physical risk or climate-related transition risk. 
E1 SBM-3 18 Protecting the climate -> Climate risks: physical and transition (p. 57) 
IFRS S2.10(d) How the entity defines ‘short term’, ‘medium term’ and ‘long term’ and how these definitions are linked to the 
planning horizons used by the entity for strategic decision-making. 
ESRS 1 77 (a)-(c)*   
ESRS 1 78* 
ESRS 1 80* 
E1 AR11 (b) 
ESRS 2 9 (a)-(b) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Other reporting principles (p. 12) 
Environmental information -> Climate change as a material topic (p. 
59) 
Business model and value chain    
IFRS S2.13(a) A description of the current and anticipated effects of climate-related risks and opportunities on the entity’s 
business model and value chain. 
ESRS 2 48 (b) Sustainability at ABB -> Material impacts, risks, and opportunities (p. 
27) 

[page 163]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   161  
 
 
ISSB Standards Description ESRS Datapoint Location of disclosure 
Sustainability at ABB -> Double Materiality Assessment (p. 32) 
IFRS S2.13(b) A description of where in the entity’s business model and value chain climate-related risks and opportunities are 
concentrated (for example, geographical areas, facilities and types of assets). 
ESRS 2 48 (a) Sustainability at ABB -> Material impacts, risks, and opportunities (p. 
27) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Double Materiality Assessment (p. 32) 
Strategy and decision-making    
IFRS S2.14(a)(i) 
IFRS S2.14(a)(ii) 
IFRS S2.14(a)(iii) 
IFRS S2.14(a)(iv) 
How the entity has responded to, and plans to respond to, climate-related risks and opportunities in its strategy 
and decision-making, including how the entity plans to achieve any climate-related targets it has set and any 
targets it is required to meet by law or regulation, including the information about: 
(i) Current and anticipated changes to the entity’s business model, including its resource allocation, to address 
climate-related risks and opportunities (for example, these changes could include plans to manage or 
decommission carbon-, energy- or water-intensive operations; resource allocations resulting from demand or 
supply-chain changes; resource allocations arising from business development through capital expenditure or 
additional expenditure on research and development; and acquisitions or divestments). 
(ii) Current and anticipated direct mitigation and adaptation efforts (for example, through changes in production 
processes or equipment, relocation of facilities, workforce adjustments, and changes in product specifications). 
(iii) Current and anticipated indirect mitigation and adaptation efforts (for example, through working with 
customers and supply chains). 
(iv) Any climate-related transition plan the entity has, including information about key assumptions used in 
developing its transition plan, and dependencies on which the entity’s transition plan relies. 
(v) How the entity plans to achieve any climate related targets, including any greenhouse gas emissions targets. 
ESRS 2 48 (b) 
E1 AR8 (b) 
ESRS 2 68 (b) 
E1-3 28 
E1-1 16 (a)-(i) 
ESRS 2 69 (a)-(b) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Material impacts, risks, and opportunities (p. 
27) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Double Materiality Assessment (p. 32) 
Protecting the climate -> Toward a low-carbon society (p. 51) 
Protecting the climate -> Management of climate change (p. 65) 
 
IFRS S2.14(a)(v) How the entity plans to achieve any climate-related targets, including any greenhouse gas emissions targets. ESRS 2 69 (a) Protecting the climate -> Toward a low-carbon society (p. 55) 
Protecting the climate -> Management of climate change (p. 65) 
IFRS S2.14(b) Information about how the entity is resourcing, and plans to resource, the activities disclosed in accordance with 
paragraph 14(a). 
ESRS 2 69 (a) Protecting the climate -> Toward a low-carbon society (p. 55) 
Protecting the climate -> Management of climate change (p. 65) 
IFRS S2.14(c) Quantitative and qualitative information about the progress of plans disclosed in previous reporting periods in 
accordance with paragraph 14(a). 
E1-1 16 (j) 
 
Protecting the climate -> Toward a low-carbon society (p. 56) 
Financial position, financial 
performance and cash flows 
   
IFRS S2.15(a) The effects of climate-related risks and opportunities on the entity’s financial position, financial performance and 
cash flows for the reporting period (current financial effects) 
ESRS 2 48 (d) Sustainability at ABB -> Material impacts, risks, and opportunities (p. 
28) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Double Materiality Assessment (p. 32) 
IFRS S2.16(a) How climate-related risks and opportunities have affected its financial position, financial performance and cash 
flows for the reporting period. 
ESRS 2 48 (d) ESRS Annex II, 
Table 2 (Terms defined in 
the ESRS): current financial 
effects 
Sustainability at ABB -> Material impacts, risks, and opportunities (p. 
28) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Double Materiality Assessment (p. 32) 
IFRS S2.16(b) The climate-related risks and opportunities identified in paragraph 16(a) for which there is a significant risk of a 
material adjustment within the next annual reporting period to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities 
reported in the related financial statements. 
ESRS 2 48 (d) Sustainability at ABB -> Material impacts, risks, and opportunities (p. 
28) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Double Materiality Assessment (p. 32) 
IFRS S2.17** In providing quantitative information, an entity may disclose a single amount or a range. E1 AR73 (a) 
 
Protecting the climate -> Physical and transition climate risks and 
opportunities (p. 76) 
Climate resilience    
IFRS S2.22(a)(i) 
IFRS S2.22(a)(ii) 
IFRS S2.22(a)(iii)(1-3 
The entity’s assessment of its climate resilience as at the reporting date, including the information about: 
(i) The implications, if any, of the entity’s assessment for its strategy and business model, including how the entity 
would need to respond to the effects identified in the climate-related scenario analysis. 
(ii) The significant areas of uncertainty considered in the entity’s assessment of its climate resilience. 
(iii) The entity’s capacity to adjust or adapt its strategy and business model to climate change over the short, 
medium and long term, including: 
    (1) The availability of, and flexibility in, the entity’s existing financial resources to respond to the effects 
identified in the climate-related scenario analysis, including to address climate related risks and to take advantage 
of climate related opportunities. 
    (2) The entity’s ability to redeploy, repurpose, upgrade or decommission existing assets. 
E1 SBM-3 19 
E1 SBM-3 19 (c) 
E1 AR8 
E1 AR8 (b) 
Protecting the climate -> Climate risk and opportunity assessment (p. 
59) 

[page 164]
162  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT  2025  
 
 
 
ISSB Standards Description ESRS Datapoint Location of disclosure 
    (3) The effect of the entity’s current and planned investments in climate-related mitigation, adaptation and 
opportunities for climate resilience 
IFRS S2.22(b)(i) 
IFRS S2.22(b)(i)(2) 
IFRS S2.22(b)(i)(3) 
IFRS S2.22(b)(i)(4) 
IFRS S2.22(b)(i)(6) 
IFRS S2.22(b)(i)(7) 
IFRS S2.22(b)(iii) 
How and when the climate-related scenario analysis was carried out, including the information about: 
(i) The inputs the entity used, including: 
   (1) Which climate-related scenarios the entity used for the analysis and the sources of those scenarios. 
   (2) Whether the analysis included a diverse range of climate related scenarios. 
   (3) Whether the climate-related scenarios used for the analysis are associated with climate-related transition 
risks or climate-related physical risks. 
   (4) Whether the entity used, among its scenarios, a climate-related scenario aligned with the latest international 
agreement on climate change. 
   (6) The time horizons the entity used in the analysis. 
   (7) What scope of operations the entity used in the analysis (for example, the operating locations and business 
units used in the analysis). 
 
(iii) The reporting period in which the climate-related scenario analysis was carried out. 
E1 SBM-3 19 (a)-(c) 
E1 IRO-1 21 
E1 AR11 (d) 
E1 AR12 (c) 
E1 IRO-1 21 
E1 AR11 (d) 
E1 AR12 (c) 
E1 IRO-1 20 (c) (i) 
E1 AR12 (c) 
E1 AR7 (b) 
E1 SBM-3 19 (a) 
Protecting the climate -> Climate risk and opportunity assessment (p. 
57) 
Protecting the climate -> Climate change as a material topic (p. 59) 
 
IFRS S2.22(b)(ii) The key assumptions the entity made in the analysis, including assumptions about: 
 
(1) climate-related policies in the jurisdictions in which the entity operates; 
(2) macroeconomic trends; 
(3) national- or regional-level variables (for example, local weather patterns, demographics, land use, infrastructure 
and availability of natural resources); 
(4) energy usage and mix; and 
(5) developments in technology. 
 Protecting the climate -> Climate change as a material topic (p. 59) 
IFRS S2.22(b)(iii) The reporting period in which the climate-related scenario analysis was carried out E1 SBM-3 19 (b) Protecting the climate -> Climate risk and opportunity assessment (p. 
57) 
IFRS S1.23 Data and assumptions used in preparing the sustainability-related financial disclosures shall be consistent—to the 
extent possible considering the requirements of IFRS Accounting Standards or other applicable GAAP—with the 
corresponding data and assumptions used in preparing the related financial statements (see paragraph B42). 
E1 AR15 Protecting the climate -> Climate change as a material topic (p. 59) 
RISK MANAGEMENT    
IFRS S2.25(a)(i) 
IFRS S2.25(a)(ii) 
IFRS S2.25(a)(iii) 
IFRS S2.25(a)(iv) 
IFRS S2.25(a)(v) 
IFRS S2.25(a)(vi) 
The processes and related policies the entity uses to identify, assess, prioritize and monitor climate-related risks, 
including information about: 
(i) The inputs and parameters the entity uses (for example, information about data sources and the scope of 
operations covered in the processes). 
(ii) Whether and how the entity uses climate-related scenario analysis to inform its identification of climate-related 
risks. 
(iii) How the entity assesses the nature, likelihood and magnitude of the effects of those risks (for example, 
whether the entity considers qualitative factors, quantitative thresholds or other criteria). 
(iv) Whether and how the entity prioritizes climate related risks relative to other types of risk. 
(v) How the entity monitors climate-related risks. 
(vi) Whether and how the entity has changed the processes it uses compared with the previous reporting period. 
E1 IRO-1 20 
E1-2 24 
ESRS 2 53 (g) 
E1 IRO-1 21 
ESRS 2 53 (c) (ii) 
ESRS 2 53 (c) (iii) 
ESRS 2 53 (e) 
ESRS 2 53 (c) 
ESRS 2 65 (a) 
ESRS 2 53 (h) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Double Materiality Assessment  (p. 29) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Sustainability-related policies (p. 39) 
Protecting the climate -> Climate change as a material topic (p. 59) 
 
IFRS S2.25(b) The processes the entity uses to identify, assess, prioritize and monitor climate-related opportunities, including 
information about whether and how the entity uses climate-related scenario analysis to inform its identification of 
climate-related opportunities. 
ESRS 2 53 (c) 
E1 IRO-1 20 (c) 
E1 SBM-3 19 (b)-(c) 
E1-2 24 
Sustainability at ABB -> Double Materiality Assessment  (p. 29) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Sustainability-related policies (p. 39) 
Protecting the climate -> Climate change as a material topic (p. 60) 
Protecting the climate -> Climate risk and opportunity assessment (p. 
57) 
IFRS S2.25(c) The extent to which, and how, the processes for identifying, assessing, prioritizing and monitoring climate-related 
risks and opportunities are integrated into and inform the entity’s overall risk management process. 
ESRS 2 53 (e)-(f) Sustainability at ABB -> Double Materiality Assessment  (p. 29) 
IFRS S2.26 In preparing disclosures to fulfil the requirements in paragraph 25, an entity shall avoid unnecessary duplication in 
accordance with IFRS S1 (see paragraph B42(b) of IFRS S1). For example, although an entity shall provide the 
information required by paragraph 25, if oversight of sustainability1related risks and opportunities is managed on 
an integrated basis, the entity would avoid duplication by providing integrated risk management disclosures 
instead of separate disclosures for each sustainability-related risk and opportunity. 
ESRS 1 QC17* 
ESRS 1 115* 
 
METRICS    

[page 165]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   163  
 
 
ISSB Standards Description ESRS Datapoint Location of disclosure 
IFRS S2.29(a)(i)(1-2) 
IFRS S2.29(a)(i)(3) 
IFRS S2.B38-B57 
IFRS S2.29(a)(ii)7 
IFRS S2.29(a)(iii)(1-3) 
IFRS S2.29(a)(iv) 
IFRS S2.29(a)(v) 
An entity shall disclose information relevant to the cross-industry metric categories of: 
(a) greenhouse gases—the entity shall: 
(i) disclose its absolute gross greenhouse gas emissions generated during the reporting period, expressed as 
metric tons of CO2 equivalent (see paragraphs B19–B22), classified as: 
   (1) Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions; 
   (2) Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions; and 
   (3) Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions; 
E1-6 44 (a)-(b) 
E1-6 44 (c) 
ESRS 1 62-67* 
ESRS 1 QC5* 
ESRS 1 696* 
E1 AR46 (g) 
ESRS 1 62* 
ESRS 2 80 (i) 
Protecting the climate -> Climate change- related targets  (p. 63) 
Protecting the climate -> Greenhouse gas emissions (p. 68) 
 
 
The approach it uses to measure its greenhouse gas emissions including: 
   (1) the measurement approach, inputs and assumptions the entity uses to measure its greenhouse gas 
emissions; 
   (2) the reason why the entity has chosen the measurement approach, inputs and assumptions it uses to measure 
its greenhouse gas emissions; and 
   (3) any changes the entity made to the measurement approach, inputs and assumptions during the reporting 
period and the reasons for those changes; 
For Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions disclosed in accordance with paragraph 29(a)(i)(1)–(2), 
disaggregate emissions between: 
(1) the consolidated accounting group (for example, for an entity applying IFRS Accounting Standards, this group 
would comprise the parent and its consolidated subsidiaries); and 
(2) other investees excluded from paragraph 29(a)(iv)(1) (for example, for an entity applying IFRS Accounting 
Standards, these investees would include associates, joint ventures and unconsolidated subsidiaries); 
For Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions disclosed in accordance with paragraph 29(a)(i)(2), disclose its location-
based Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions, and provide information about any contractual instruments that is 
necessary to inform users’ understanding of the entity’s Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions; and 
IFRS S2.B30 Paragraph 29(a)(v) requires an entity to disclose its location-based Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions and provide 
information about any contractual instruments the entity has entered into that could inform users’ understanding 
of the entity’s Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions. For the avoidance of doubt, an entity is required to disclose its 
Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions using a location-based approach and is required to provide information about 
contractual instruments only if such instruments exist and information about them informs users’ understanding 
of an entity’s Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions. 
 Protecting the climate -> Greenhouse gas emissions (p. 68) 
IFRS S2.B31 Contractual instruments are any type of contract between an entity and another party for the sale and purchase of 
energy bundled with attributes about the energy generation or for unbundled energy attribute claims (unbundled 
energy attribute claims relate to the sale and purchase of energy that is separate and distinct from the greenhouse 
gas attribute contractual instruments). Various types of contractual instruments are available in different markets 
and the entity might disclose information about its market based Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions as part of its 
disclosure. 
E1 AR45 (d) Protecting the climate -> Greenhouse gas emissions (p. 69) 
IFRS S2.29(a)(vi)(1) The categories included within the entity’s measure of Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, in accordance with the 
Scope 3 categories described in the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and 
Reporting Standard (2011); 
 Protecting the climate -> Greenhouse gas emissions (p. 68) 
IFRS S2.B32 In accordance with paragraph 29(a)(vi), an entity shall disclose information about its Scope 3 greenhouse gas 
emissions to enable users of general purpose financial reports to understand the source of these emissions. The 
entity shall consider its entire value chain (upstream and downstream) and shall consider all 15 categories of Scope 
3 greenhouse gas emissions, as described in the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) 
Accounting and Reporting Standard (2011). In accordance with paragraph 29(a)(vi), the entity shall disclose which 
of these categories are included in its Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions disclosures. 
E1 AR46 (i) Protecting the climate -> Greenhouse gas emissions (p. 72) 

[page 166]
164  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT  2025  
 
 
 
ISSB Standards Description ESRS Datapoint Location of disclosure 
IFRS S2.B19 An entity might have a different reporting period from some or all of the entities in its value chain. Such a 
difference would mean that greenhouse gas emissions information from these entities in its value chain for the 
entity’s reporting period might not be readily available for the entity to use for its own disclosure. In such 
circumstances, the entity is permitted to measure its greenhouse gas emissions in accordance with paragraph 
29(a)(i) using information for reporting periods that are different from its own reporting period if that information 
is obtained from entities in its value chain with reporting periods that are different from the entity’s reporting 
period, on the condition that: 
(a) the entity uses the most recent data available from those entities in its value chain without undue cost or effort 
to measure and disclose its greenhouse gas emissions; 
(b) the length of the reporting periods is the same; and 
(c) the entity discloses the effects of significant events and changes in circumstances (relevant to its greenhouse 
gas emissions) that occur between the reporting dates of the entities in its value chain and the date of the entity’s 
general purpose financial reports. 
E1 AR42 Protecting the climate -> Greenhouse gas emissions (p. 69) 
IFRS S2.B56(a) As part of the requirement in paragraph 29(a)(iii), and to reflect how an entity prioritizes Scope 3 data in 
accordance with the measurement framework set out in paragraphs B40–B54, the entity shall disclose information 
that enables users of general purpose financial reports to understand: 
(a) the extent to which the entity’s Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions are measured using inputs from specific 
activities within the entity’s value chain 
E1 AR46 (g) Protecting the climate -> Greenhouse gas emissions (p. 69) 
IFRS S2.29(d) Climate-related opportunities—the amount and percentage of assets or business activities aligned with climate-
related opportunities; 
E1-9 64 (c) Protecting the climate -> Physical and transition climate risks and 
opportunities (p. 76) 
IFRS S2.29(e) Capital deployment—the amount of capital expenditure, financing or investment deployed towards climate-related 
risks and opportunities 
E1-1 16 (c) and (e) Protecting the climate -> Toward a low-carbon society (p. 55) 
IFRS S2.29(f) Internal carbon prices—the entity shall disclose: 
(i) an explanation of whether and how the entity is applying a carbon price in decision-making (for example, 
investment decisions, transfer pricing and scenario analysis); and 
(ii) the price for each metric tonne of greenhouse gas emissions the entity uses to assess the costs of its 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
E1-8 62 Protecting the climate -> Toward a low-carbon society (p. 57) 
IFRS S2.29(g)(i) 
IFRS S2.29(g)(ii) 
Remuneration—the entity shall disclose: 
(i) a description of whether and how climate-related considerations are factored into executive remuneration; and 
(ii) the percentage of executive management remuneration recognized in the current period that is linked to 
climate related considerations. 
ESRS 2 29 (c) 
E1 GOV-3 13 
Sustainability at ABB -> Incentives for sustainability (p. 19) 
IFRS S1.50(c) If a metric has been developed by an entity, the entity shall disclose information about: 
(c) whether the metric is validated by a third party and, if so, which party; 
ESRS 2 77 (b) Sustainability at ABB -> Other reporting principles (p. 13) 
TARGETS    
IFRS S2.33 
IFRS S2.33(a) 
IFRS S2.B6710 
IFRS S2.33(b) 
IFRS S2.33(c) 
IFRS S2.33(d) 
IFRS S2.33(e) 
IFRS S2.33(f) 
IFRS S2.33(g) 
IFRS S2.33(h) 
An entity shall disclose the quantitative and qualitative climate-related targets it has set to monitor progress 
towards achieving its strategic goals, and any targets it is required to meet by law or regulation, including any 
greenhouse gas emissions targets. For each target, the entity shall disclose: 
(a) the metric used to set the target; 
(b) the objective of the target (for example, mitigation, adaptation or conformance with science-based initiatives); 
(c) the part of the entity to which the target applies (for example, whether the target applies to the entity in its 
entirety or only a part of the entity, such as a specific business unit or specific geographical region); 
(d) the period over which the target applies; 
(e) the base period from which progress is measured; 
(f) any milestones and interim targets; 
(g) if the target is quantitative, whether it is an absolute target or an intensity target; and 
(h) how the latest international agreement on climate change, including jurisdictional commitments that arise from 
that agreement, has informed the target. 
ESRS 2 80 
E1-4 34 
ESRS 2 80 (b) 
ESRS 2 80 (a) 
E1-4 33 
ESRS 2 80 (c) 
ESRS 2 80 (e) 
ESRS 2 80 (d) 
E1 AR25 
ESRS 2 80 (e) 
ESRS 2 80 (b)  
E1-4 34 (a) 
ESRS 2 80 (f) 
E1-4 34 (e) 
Sustainability at ABB -> Sustainability-related targets (p. 48) 
Protecting the climate -> Climate change- related targets  (p. 62) 
IFRS S2.34(a) Whether the target and the methodology for setting the target has been validated by a third party. E1-4 34 (e) Protecting the climate -> Climate change- related targets  (p. 62) 

[page 167]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   165  
 
 
ISSB Standards Description ESRS Datapoint Location of disclosure 
IFRS S2.34(b) The entity’s processes for reviewing the target.  ESRS 2 80 (j) Sustainability at ABB -> Sustainability-related targets (p. 48) 
Protecting the climate -> Climate change- related targets  (p. 64) 
IFRS S2.34(c) The metrics used to monitor progress towards reaching the target. ESRS 2 80 (j) Sustainability at ABB -> Sustainability-related targets (p. 48) 
Protecting the climate -> Climate change- related targets  (p. 64) 
IFRS S2.34(d) Any revisions to the target and an explanation for those revisions. ESRS 2 80 (i) Protecting the climate -> Climate change- related targets  (p. 64) 
IFRS S2.35 An entity shall disclose information about its performance against each climate-related target and an analysis of 
trends or changes in the entity’s performance. 
ESRS 2 80 (j) Sustainability at ABB -> Sustainability-related targets (p. 48) 
Protecting the climate -> Climate change- related targets  (p. 64) 
IFRS S2.36(a) Which greenhouse gases are covered by the target. E1-4 34 (b)* 
E1 AR24 
Protecting the climate -> Climate change- related targets  (p. 62) 
IFRS S2.36(b) Whether Scope 1, Scope 2 or Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions are covered by the target. E1-4 34 (b) 
E1 AR24 
IFRS S2.36(d) Whether the target was derived using a sectoral decarbonization approach. E1-4 34 (e) 
    
* ESRS 1 datapoints have not been mapped as they are not disclosure datapoints. 
 

[page 168]
166  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT  2025  
 
 
 
SASB - ELECTRICAL & ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
Topic Metric Category Unit of Measure Code ABB answer 
Energy 
Management 
a. Total Energy Consumed (Gigajoules) Quantitative Gigajoules (GJ) RT-EE-130a.1 5,303,823 
b. Percentage Grid Electricity (%)  Percentage (%)  58% 
c. Percentage Renewable (%)  Percentage (%)  62% 
Hazardous 
Waste 
Management 
a. Amount of hazardous waste generated, 
percentage recycled (Metric tons, %) 
Quantitative Metric tons (t),  
Percentage (%) 
RT-EE-150a.1 6029, 49% 
b. Number and aggregate quantity of reportable 
spills, quantity recovered (Number, Kilograms)  Number, kilograms (kg) RT-EE-150a.2 No reportable spills occurred during the 
reporting period. 
Product Safety a. Number of recalls issued, total units recalled 
(Number) 
Quantitative Number RT-EE-250a.1  As of 2025, this number is not available on an 
aggregated level at ABB. 
b. Total amount of monetary losses as a result of 
legal proceedings associated with product safety  
Presentation currency RT-EE-250a.2 Not applicable. Due to NDA agreements with 
third parties, we are unable to disclose 
monetary values resulting from legal 
proceedings with these third parties. 
Product 
Lifecycle 
Management 
a. Percentage of products by revenue that contain 
IEC 62474 declarable substances (% by revenue) 
Quantitative Percentage (%) by revenue RT-EE-410a.1 As of 2025, we are unable to respond to this 
question. Please refer to the section 
“Circularity” in the Sustainability Statement. 
b. Percentage of eligible products, by revenue, 
certified to an energy efficiency certification (% 
by revenue) 
 Percentage (%) by revenue RT-EE-410a.2 Products certified to an energy efficiency 
certification are included in ABB's eligible 
group turnover under the EU Taxonomy. 
c. Revenue from renewable energy related and 
energy efficiency related products (Reporting 
currency) 
 Presentation currency RT-EE-410a.3 Using the EU taxonomy as reference: In 2024, 
ABB reached a 0% Taxonomy-aligned revenue 
under the Climate Change Mitigation 
environmental objective that covers partially 
this requirement. For further details please 
refer to ABB's EU Taxonomy disclosures in the 
Sustainability Statement. 

[page 169]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   167  
 
 
Topic Metric Category Unit of Measure Code ABB answer 
Materials 
sourcing 
a. Description of the management risks associated 
with the use of critical materials (Discussion & 
Analysis) 
Discussion and Analysis n.a. RT-EE-440a.1 Management risks associated with the use of 
critical materials are part of the Impacts, Risks 
and Opportunities discussed in the " 
Circularity" and " Responsible sourcing" 
sections in the Sustainability Statement. 
Business ethics Description of policies and practices for prevention 
of:  
    
a. Corruption and bribery and anti-competitive 
behavior (Discussion & Analysis) 
Discussion and Analysis n.a. RT-EE-510a.1 Policies and practices for prevention of 
corruption, bribery and anti-competitive 
behaviour are described in the " integrity and 
transparency" section under G1 in the 
Sustainability Statement. 
b. Total amount of monetary losses as a result of 
legal proceedings associated with bribery or 
corruption (Reporting currency); 
Quantitative Presentation currency RT-EE-510a.2 Refer to ESRS G1-4 paragraph 24(a), “the 
number of convictions and the amount of 
fines for violation of anti-corruption and anti- 
bribery laws” . 
c. Total amount of monetary losses as a result of 
legal proceedings associated with anti-
competitive behavior regulations (Reporting 
currency) 
 
Presentation currency RT-EE-510a.3 Please refer to Note 15 of ABB’s Financial 
Report for information on ABB’s 
commitments and contingencies. 
Activity 
Metrics 
a. Number of units produced (Production should be 
disclosed as number of units produced by 
product category, where relevant product 
categories include energy generation, energy 
delivery, and lighting and indoor climate control 
electronics.) 
Quantitative Number RT-EE-000.A Please refer to the section “Analysis of results 
of operations” in the Financial Report 2025. 
b. Number of Employees  Number RT-EE-000.B 114,292 
 

[page 170]
168  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT  2025  
 
 
 
Effects of the sale of Robotics on selected Targets 
 
 
    2025 status 
2025 reduction compared to base 
year 
(ABB Group) 2025 status 
2025 reduction compared to base year 
(ABB Group excluding Robotics) 
Target Unit Base 
year Baseline value Absolute value Percentage Absolute value Percentage 
E1 - Protecting the climate          
 Reduce own scope 1 and 2 CO₂e 
emissions by at least 80% by 2030 
and by 100% by 2050  
ktCO2e
  2019 631 134 (497) (79%) 125 (506) -80% 
 Reduce scope 3 CO₂e emissions by 
25% by 2030 and by 90% by 2050  
ktCO2e
  2022 429,854 425,310 (4,544) (1%) 423,933 (5,921) -1% 
E5 - Committing to circularity          
 Cover at least 80% of ABB’s portfolio 
of products and solutions with our 
Circularity Approach by 2030  
- n.a. - - 27% - n.a. n.a. n.a. 
 
Send zero waste to landfill while 
reducing waste generation by 2030  kt 2019 
16.8kt equivalent 
to 8.8% of total 
waste  
10.3kt equivalent to 
5.3% of total waste n.a. n.a. 
9.8kt 
equivalent to 
5.2% of total 
waste 
n.a. n.a. 
S1 - Responsibility for our employees          
 Zero life changing events to our 
people and contractors  - 2025 - 5 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. 
 Increase proportion of women in 
senior management roles to 25% by 
2030 
% 2019 11.7 22.6% (10.9%) n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. 
 Achieve a top-tier employee 
engagement score  - 2019 71/100 80/100 9/100 n.a. n.a. n.a. n.a. 
S2 - Social protection in the Value chain          

[page 171]
ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT 2025   169  
 
 
 
    2025 status 
2025 reduction compared to base 
year 
(ABB Group) 2025 status 
2025 reduction compared to base year 
(ABB Group excluding Robotics) 
Target Unit Base 
year Baseline value Absolute value Percentage Absolute value Percentage 
 
At least 80% of supply spending in 
focus countries covered by 
Sustainable Supply Base 
Management (SSBM) by 2030  
% n.a. n.a. 
Using a risk-based 
approach, a mid-
term 2025 target 
has been set, 
focusing on high-
risk suppliers in 
focus countries. 
n.a. n.a. 
Using a risk-
based 
approach, a 
mid-term 2025 
target has been 
set, focusing 
on high-risk 
suppliers in 
focus countries 
n.a. n.a. 
 
At least 80% of spending on high-
risk suppliers in focus countries 
covered by SSBM by 2025  
% n.a. n.a. 
At the end of 2025, 
80% of high-risk 
supply spending in 
focus countries was 
covered by the 
SSBM program. 
12% n.a. 
At the end of 
2025, 80% of 
high-risk 
supply 
spending in 
focus countries 
was covered by 
the SSBM 
program 
12% n.a. 
G1 - Good business conduct          
 
Linking sustainability targets to 
executives’ variable pay  - 2019 
Under the AIP, a 
safety goal was 
included within 
the individual 
measure for 
some members 
of ABB’s EC. 
Target achieved - all 
EC members have 
at least one 
measurable 
sustainability-
related target 
assigned to their 
variable 
compensation 
- - n.a. n.a. n.a. 

[page 172]
170  ABB SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT  2025  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ABB Ltd 
Affolternstrasse 44 
8050 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
Tel: +41 (0)43 317 71 11 
 
 
 
www.abb.com 